brendan rodgers admitted liverpool’s big-game mentality must improve after his hopes of winning the fa cup were left in tatters . the liverpool manager had no complaints about their 2-1 defeat by aston villa — their first loss in an fa cup semi-final since 1990 — and accepted his side have to do better in the most important games . since beating manchester city on april 13 last year when they were in the thick of the title race , liverpool’s record in must-win games has been lamentable . aston villa captain fabian delph shoots past liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet to put his side in the lead . aston villa players chase goalscorer delph after the england midfielder made it 2-1 with 36 minutes to play . even though they took the lead with a well-worked goal by philippe coutinho ( right ) in the 30th minute , liverpool never gave the impression they would give steven gerrard a dream date in the final on his 35th birthday and their lame performance left rodgers shattered . he said : ‘we’ve come up short in a few games , that’s something we’d certainly need to improve . but i think all these experiences will make them better . ‘we’re a team that’s grown and changed quite a bit in the summer . ‘we’re obviously bitterly disappointed , more with the performance . i thought we were second best , to be honest . we had some chances but aston villa were better than us . liverpool playmaker philippe coutinho is mobbed by his team-mates after opening the scoring . coutinho lifts his shirt after putting brendan rodgers ' side in the lead following a fine run and finish . coutinho spreads his arms out wide after scoring his seventh goal of the campaign . ‘ in a semi-final , in a one-off game you don’t have a second chance and i know the players well enough to gauge whether we are getting the flow of our game and we weren’t . ‘you’ve got to give credit to aston villa , but i always look at my own team ; that movement and sharpness was missing . ’ manchester city heaped more misery on liverpool — their 2-0 win over west ham damages the reds’ chances of finishing in the top four . belgium international christian benteke is congratulated by aston villa team-mate delph after his goal . benteke leaps in the air after levelling the scoreline at wembley stadium by hitting the back of the net . rodgers , whose side have a game in hand , conceded that it will be a tall order but made it clear they have a duty to approach their final six fixtures with professionalism . ‘there’s an obligation here to fight till the very end , ’ rodgers added . ‘we’ve come close now in two competitions but failed to make the steps . steven gerrard almost snatched a dramatic equaliser with four minutes left , but his header was cleared . rodgers shouts instructions at his players , but to no avail as liverpool slump to defeat at wembley . ‘ there will be disappointment over the next few days but we now have to get ready for our next league game . ‘ this last block of games it’s more the performance level hasn’t been what we would like . ‘ we need to have the courage and bravery to play better in the big games . ‘ we looked as if the occasion and the energy got to us a wee bit . but that’s what can happen sometimes . ’ rodgers is the first liverpool manager since 1956-1959 not to win a trophy in his first three seasons . liverpool captain gerrard sinks to his knees after seeing his side fall to a 2-1 defeat at wembley stadium . gerrard leaves the pitch following his side 's 2-1 fa cup semi-final defeat by villa .