it 's every chocoholic 's dream come true - a mountain of easter eggs covering the entire house . but while lian marshall - pictured among the treats - does have two chocolate-loving daughters , this incredible bounty is not for them . ellie , 10 , and taylor , five , lost their eight-year-old brother harvey last year to a mystery illness , and when easter approached they decided to donate all their eggs to the patients at sheffield children 's hospital where he was cared for . lian marshall - pictured among the treats - has two chocolate-loving daughters but this incredible bounty is not for them . instead the eggs will be donated to sheffield children 's hospital . once the family , from furness vale , derbyshire , posted on facebook , kind strangers began to send eggs - and now there are more than 1,000 . some donations have come from as far afield as the us , with many from ireland and scotland and the length and breadth of england . the girls came up with the inspirational idea after spending three easters in a row by harvey 's side at the hospital where they were all lucky enough to receive easter eggs . ellie said : ' i thought it was going to be never-ending ! it feels really nice to remember him and i do n't think the hospital were expecting as many . ellie marshall , 10 , and taylor biggin ( both above with mother lian ) , five , came up with the idea in memory of their brother harvey . ' it feels a bit strange at the moment . i 've never had this much chocolate in my house before . ' their 29-year-old mother , who was a full-time carer for harvey and now works as a support worker for disabled children , said : ' i was taken aback by it all . we did n't expect to get the response that we did . it 's really touching what the girls are doing . ' they were really close to harvey , they had a really tight bond . especially ellie . the hospital think it 's amazing and a really nice thing to do . ' on the second day i thought 72 eggs was an amazing response but when it continued the girls were a bit overwhelmed by it all and a bit speechless . the eggs are still arriving . it feels really good to be able to give something back . '