a woman who successfully set up her brother with one of her best friends ended up becoming so jealous of their relationship she tried to wreck their marriage . husband and wife david and sandra greatrex , 53 and 52 , from plymouth , have told their shocking story of harassment , which culminated in david 's sister anne cancelling the couple 's wedding using a fake email address just weeks before the big day . the couple have spoken about their family feud on channel 5 documentary , family secrets and lies , which airs tonight . scroll down for video . david , 53 , and wife sandra , 52 , from plymouth , were harassmed by david 's sister . ' i was in tears and was so angry . i did not think someone was capable of doing that , ' says sandra of the horrifying moment anne informed them she 'd managed to cancel their nuptials behind their back . ' everything was paid for so it was a lot of worry , ' she added . luckily , the couple managed to piece their plans back together in time for their winter wedding though . and they subsequently took anne to court for harassment . sandra first met david after his 20-year marriage fell apart and her friend anne , david 's sister , suggested they meet . ' i met anne for coffee and david came out and i 've never let his side since , ' she says . ' when i first met him i didn’t realise how important he would become . he’s my everything . ' before long the couple were inseparable . but although anne 's matchmaking had worked , she was not happy about their relationship and started sending sandra threatening text messages telling her to stop seeing her brother . ' they were hurtful at the time but i couldn’t understand why . maybe it was jealousy , ' says sandra . ‘ my mum had lung cancer and was going through chemo at the time . anne was sending messages saying , `` your mum’s dying and you better get back to her '' . ' ann duffy , pretended to be her now sister-in-law and cancelled her brother 's wedding . but the relationship continued and sandra and david became even closer . then one day sandra proposed . ' i was joking around - but not , ' says sandra . then david took the hint and gave sandra a romantic proposal . for a while the angry texts from anne tailed off . ' we went to the registry office , put the deposit down and made special invites - i could n't believe it was really happening , ' sandra says of the wedding . ' my mum got involved in the beginning and helped me pick my dress . ' but in 2012 , sandra’s mother lost her battle with cancer and a year later david’s mother celia also became ill and moved in with sandra and david . but sandra wouldn’t let anne in their house , which reignited the rift . ‘ i wouldn’t let her come to my house and see her mum because of all the hurtful thing she’s said to me . ' she could come to take her out but not in the house . ' she made a big deal about that and said that i was trying to replace my mum with her mum and that i was taking her away from her . ' then 20 days before the wedding , the couple received a distressing phone call . david remembers : ' i was lying in bed when the phone rang and anne said : `` i 've got to tell you - you might want to pot the phone on loudspeaker . '' ' then she said : `` i’ve saved you from divorce . i 've cancelled your wedding . '' ' david and sandra greatrex at their wedding . sandra says : ' i was in tears and angry . i wanted to go nuts at her . everything was paid for so it was a lot of worry . we were up all night . ' i did not think someone was capable of doing that . ' how low can you get ? this is your brother getting married . we had paid for everything and i thought she’d ruined it . ' in the morning we rang the registry office and they confirmed that our wedding had been cancelled . ' they said we should come in so they could print everything off for us to give to the police . ' anne had created an email address in sandra 's name to set about jeopardising the couple 's plans . luckily the registry office juggled things around and were able to fit david and sandra back in on their planned date . ann duffy called plymouth register office 20 days before her brother 's wedding and canceled it . anne was jailed for eight weeks at plymouth magistrates ' court . when sandra reported anne to the police , anne admitted it straight away and was given a date to appear in court . but the angry text messages still continued and when the big day arrived , the couple still feared anne might ruin it . sandra and david at their wedding . ' we didn’t see her until we got out side , ' remembers sandra of their wedding day . ' we were going to get photos taken when she started shouting commiserations , filming me and putting two fingers up . ' i wish i didn’t have to go through that , but i still had the best day i could have wished for . ' at court , anne pleaded guilty to harassment and was sent to prison . she was jailed for eight weeks at plymouth magistrates ' court and was also given a restraining order against sandra for an indefinite period . david said : ' it was quite upsetting . she got eight weeks but i believe she only did four . ' and of anne 's injunction against coming near sandra , david says : ' it 's the best way – the less we see of her the better . ' sandra says : ' it 's jealousy bitterness and anger . to this day if she could split us up she would . ' but we’ve been through so much , i don’t think there’s anything out there that could hurt us . ' anne did not want to appear on the programme but said she had her reasons for cancelling the wedding and loved her brother . family secrets & lies is on channel 5 tonight at 10pm .