a hillary clinton campaign official explained on monday why her presidential advisers have brought pre-screened partisans to some events promoted as an opportunity for the former secretary of state to meet with ' everyday americans . ' just steps away in a keene , new hampshire bakery , a few run-of-the-mill people decided they did n't want to be seen with her . ' there was a bit of a thing back here when she came in , ' explained marcia dubois , a cashier at kristin 's bistro & bakery on washington street , where clinton spent a half-hour talking with customers and shaking hands . ' a few of the staff did n't want to come out to meet hillary , ' dubois said . ' they just do n't like her . ' ' which is too bad , ' a co-worker offered while looking furtively to see who was listening . ' you may not agree with her . okay . but you should respect the office she 's shooting for . ' scroll down for videos . hillary clinton met a few employees at kristin 's bakery in keene , new hampshire on monday as her presidential campaign in the granite state got underway , but some in the kitchen refused to be seen with her . the former first lady , senator and secretary of state posed with locals before a small-business roundtable event , but her communications director would n't rule out the possibility that some of them were brought in for the occasion . chat : on her way to a discussion at a local company hillary clinton stopped at kristin 's bakery and met some customers . meeting : hillary was welcomed by people in the coffee shop - although not universally . the dissenting kitchen staffers declined to be identified or speak on the record . others at kristin 's were more congenial , including an infant girl named molly who cooed while clinton held her . ' i 'm going to take her home , ' the democratic white house hopeful joked . while clinton held court with three granite staters and their pastries , her communications director jennifer palmieri explained the unfolding scene . asked whether the campaign had brought any of the customers with them , palmieri said , ' i think maybe some of them , but i do n't know . ' new hampshire 's wmur-tv later reported that two of the people clinton spoke with had been asked to come . clinton 's team took flak last week in iowa after a democratic party operative conceded that clinton 's state political director troy price pre-vetted and drove a trio of activists to a coffee shop , where they played the part of everyday americans while shutters snapped . the man , austin bird , had been an obama intern in 2012 and was vice president joe biden 's chauffeur when he came to davenport iowa last year . as senior campaign aide huma abedin made tea , palmieri defended the practice of recruiting participants to attend those small meetings . it 's a necessary evil in early primary and caucus states , palmieri said , and part of recruiting future clinton evangelists from among the democratic base . ' we have to go after democrats before we do anything else , ' she insisted . ' and in iowa ? especially in iowa , and new hampshire . ' ' but sure . people are asked – ' . meet molly : clinton enjoyed the oldest campaign tactic in the book – posing with a baby – on monday , and gushing that she wanted to bring the infant home with her . sit-down : hillary clinton at the campaign stop at kirsten 's bakery and coffee shop in keene , new hampshire . aide : huma abedin , hillary 's right-hand woman was present for the stop today . she was by her side as they stopped in chipotle in ohio , where they left without leaving a tip . in leclaire , iowa six days ago , clinton 's campaign took flack for bringing three iowa democratic partisans to a cafe where they appeared to be ' everyday americans ' meeting over coffee . jennifer palmieri ( file photo ) . palmieri thought briefly and reframed her comments in the past tense . ' people were asked to come to a meeting at a coffee house , ' she said , referring to a stop in in leclaire , iowa . price , the iowa political strategist , brought bird to the iowa coffee house along with two young women – one a planned parenthood employee , the other a college democrats chapter head . ' if someone like that loves her , then they 'll talk to other people , and so on , and that 's going to help , ' palmieri said . ' we wanted to go after those specific people . i mean , they could go for o'malley . they could do a lot of things . ' former maryland governor martin o'malley has been sending signals that he 's ready to mount a challenge to clinton . clinton was in keene on monday for a roundtable discussion with small business employees . she will lead a similarly intimate event on tuesday in concord . constructed : amy alexander ( l ) assembles furniture as hillary clinton tours the whitney brothers children 's toy and furniture factory in keene . tune-up : one of the scooby vans gets a tune-up before beginning the new road trip from chappaqua to new hampshire this weekend . as the democratic front-runner made her way to the back to shake hands with some of the bakery employees , she ignored questions and kept her comments superficial . one man addressed her as ' secretary clinton , ' while a woman settled on ' mrs . clinton . ' palmieri said her boss has become accustomed to answering to a variety of titles and honorifics . ' secretary clinton , senator clinton , mrs. clinton – she does n't care , ' she said .