this is the moment a heroic teenage baskin robbins employee in washington punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register . rachael bishop , 19 , was working an afternoon shift at the ice cream chain 's lynnwood store when a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses came in , unzipped his jacket and showed her he had a gun . bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register , but when that did n't work she took action . as the man reached into the till , bishop tried to swat his hand away . when that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times . scroll down for video . this is the moment heroic teenage baskin robbins employee rachael bishop , 19 , punched an armed robber as he tried to steal money from the cash register of the lynnwood , washington store . as the man reached into the till bishop tried to swat his hand away . when that did n't stop him , she started punching him in the head multiple times . bishop said it was ' just a reaction ' , an instinct to protect the store . ' i love my bosses here , so a couple hundred bucks gets stolen , that 's damage to the store and everyone 's paycheck , ' she said . ' i did n't want him to take my store 's money , it was just a reaction , ' bishop told kiro tv . ' it hurt , but you have adrenaline so you do n't really think about it . ' the robber punched bishop right back , and that 's when she said he managed to steal $ 280 from the cash register , according to komo news . and yet the teenager remained unfazed . as the robber fled out the door she immediately ran after him . bishop continued to chase the robber through the strip mall 's parking lot , warning people nearby that he had a gun . onlookers saw what bishop was doing and began following the man as well . bishop said she tried to plead with the man when he ordered her to hand over all the money in the cash register , but when that did n't work she took action . the robber punched bishop right back , and that 's when she said he managed to steal $ 280 from the cash register . the robber disappeared into the woods but , according to police , the combined efforts of bishop and the public helped officers quickly locate and arrest the man . ' they did a really good job directing the police into a starting location where the suspect was last seen disappearing into a wooded area , ' said lynwood police commander jim nelson . officers later discovered the 44-year-old man was a wanted felon for forgery . both police and bishop 's boss recommend to just hand over the money when confronted with an armed robber , but nelson said ' the reality is that people kind of react as they react ' . ' in this case , she fought back and did n't want to be a victim of this crime . ' bishop said she realizes ' how stupid it was to punch someone with a gun ' , but said she was just acting on instinct to protect the store she has worked at for nearly a year , according to q13 fox . ' i love my bosses here , so a couple hundred bucks gets stolen , that 's damage to the store and everyone 's paycheck , ' she said . bishop even went back to work the same day of the robbery . ' my boss was like , you can go home , but i actually need my hours , ' she said . ' i have to stay . ' and yet the teenager remained unfazed . as the robber ran out the door she immediately ran after him , chasing the robber through a strip mall 's parking lot , warning people nearby that he had a gun . bishop even went back to work the same day of the robbery . ' my boss was , like , you can go home , but i actually need my hours , ' she said . ' i have to stay ' .