a bizarre new dinosaur with bat-like wings has been discovered by a farmer in china and is now helping to shed new light on the evolution of flight . palaeontologists in china say the impeccably preserved fossil belongs to a small dinosaur thought to have lived 160 million years ago . the strange-looking creature had small stiff feathers on its body and long finger-like bones extending from each wrist that were covered in a membrane like a bat’s wing . scroll down for video . the new dinosaur , named yi qi ( shown above in the artists reconstruction ) , had unusual bristle-like feathers and bat-like wings that were covered in a membrane . the dinosaur may have been able to glide and even flap . scientists believe the dinosaur , which they have named yi qi , meaning ‘ strange wing’ , may have glided or even flown through the air . the discovery has provided new insight into how vertebrates first began to take to the air . a new lineage of dinosaur that grazed on plants , despite being closely related to notorious carnivore tyrannosaurus rex , has been discovered in chile . palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi as a ' platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of characteristics , including its small skull and feet . these features are more like those seen on long-neck dinosaurs . the animal is proving to be an evolutionary jigsaw puzzle because it belongs to the theropod group of dinosaurs - which were predominantly carnivorous and included the famous meat eaters velociraptor , carnotaurus and tyrannosaurus , from which birds today evolved - but was a vegetarian . the presence of herbivorous theropods was up until now only known in close relatives of birds , but chilesaurus shows a meat-free diet was acquired much earlier than first thought . the dinosaur from the late jurassic period , around 145 million years ago , is named after the country where it was discovered , and diego suárez , who discovered the bones . palaeontologists are referring to chilesaurus diegosuarezi ( illustrated ) as a ' platypus ' dinosaur because of its bizarre combination of features . researchers say the dinosaur , which would have weighted just 13 ounces ( 380g ) and was 33cm ( 12 inches ) long with a wings that spanned 60cm ( 23 inches ) , may have been an early evolutionary experiment with flight . yi qi belongs the group of carnivorous dinosaurs known as the therapods - which includes tyranosaurus rex and velociraptor . these dinosaurs are thought to have been the ancestors of modern birds . but unlike modern birds , yi qi was found to have a strange extra bone extending backwards from its wrist , rather like an entirely separate group of animals that learned to fly - the bats . professor xing xu , one of the world’s leading prolific palaeontologists at the chinese academy of sciences in beijing and who led the work , said : ' this is really something for me . it is the most unexpected discovery i ever made . ' birds are descended from dinosaurs , but how exactly the transition occurred is not really clear . this new discovery is a new species of these bird like dinosaurs . ' this dinosaur is totally different . it has totally different wings from all other birds and their close relatives . ' close to the origin of birds there are many lineages trying to get into the air but there was only one group that succeeded . ' i would have said this example shows how much experimentation close to this transition . ' the discovery comes in the same week as researchers announced the discovery of a bizarre vegetarian relative of the t-rex . the yi qi fossil was discovered by a local farmer in mutoudeng , in qinglong county , hebei province in china . the fossil has preserved stiff filamentous features on the forelimb and hindlimb , along with patches of the membrane that once stretched across its wings . however , it was the strange wrists and long rod-like bones that extended from them that baffled the attention of the palaeontologists . there are three main groups of flying vertebrates - the birds , which evolved from dinosaurs , pterosaurs that were flying reptiles that existed alongside the dinosarus , and the bats , which are mammals that evolved after the extinction of the dinosaurs 66 million years ago . most winged avian dinosaurs to be discovered so far all have wing structures that are similar to those of modern birds . however , yi qi , which is pronounced ' ee chee ' , appears to be a weird hybrid between a dinosaur and a bat . this suggests that at the time several different types of winged dinosaurs evolved wings in an attempt to fly . the fossil of yi qi ( above ) was so well preserved that bristle-like feathers and the remains of its membrane wings could be seen around the bones . the strange long bone extending from the wrist was highly unusual . this close up of the skull of yi qi , which weighed just 13 ounces ( 380g ) , show oval like feathers near the head . analysis by professor xu and his colleagues , which is published in the journal nature , suggest that it is likely the dinosaur glided , perhaps like modern flying squirrels . the dinosaur lacked the strong muscle attachments to the forelimb bones and its bone structure would have interfered with the flapping and rotating movements needed during powered flight . instead it may have launched itself from elevated perches and glided to the ground . if it did flap its wings it would probably have only been able to fly over short distances . but professor xu said : ' we thought giving this animal a name meaning `` strange wing '' was appropriate , because no other bird or dinosaur has a wing of the same kind . ' we don’t know if yi qi was flapping , or gliding , or both , but it definitely evolved a wing that is unique in the context of the transition from dinosaurs to birds . ' it is likely that the conclusions will be controversial with other evolutionary biologists , but it could prove hugely valuable in unravelling how birds evolved from their dinosaur ancestors . professor zheng xiaoting , from linyi university in shandong who also took part in the study , said : ' yi qi lived in the jurassic , so it was a pioneer in the evolution of flight on the line to birds . ' it reminds us that the early history of flight was full of innovations , not all of which survived . ' dr kevin padian , a palaeontologist at the university of california berkeley , warned that the animal may not have been able to fly at all . the fossil of yi qi was discovered by a farmer working his fields in mutoudeng in qinglong county in china . the diagrams above show how the wing of yi qi ( a ) compares to other winged tetrapods ( b and c ) and the wing of a bat ( d ) , the wing of a pigeon ( e ) , the wing of a pterosaur ( f ) and the wing of a japanese flying squirrel ( g ) . he said : ‘ as for gliding , if yi qi’s styliform element helped to support a membranous aerofoil , it can be used to reconstruct the planform of the wing , as xu and colleagues have done . ‘ but in a gliding animal , the centre of lift of the aerofoil should be fairly congruent with the centre of gravity of the body — if the bulk of the animal’s weight falls too far behind the centre of lift , the back end will sag and the animal will stall . ‘ that is clearly the case in the authors’ reconstruction of yi qi , but an aerofoil that was swept back more , if anatomically possible , might have mitigated this problem . ‘ still , we are left in a quandary : an animal with a strange structure that looks as if it could have been used in flight , borne by an animal that otherwise shows no such tendencies . ‘ and so far , there is no other plausible explanation for the function of this structure . ’  