known for their high-end boutiques , wallet-stretching gastronomical delights , and luxurious hotel offerings , it may seem like an impossible dream to visit some of the world 's most cosmopolitan cities on a budget . however , with the help of last-minute booking sites and a little bit of insider knowledge , it turns out that there are plenty of ways to experience these stunning destinations - without breaking the bank . opt for a stroll around new york 's recently-built highline or paris ' jardin du luxembourg , or visit one of london 's many free museums for a no-cost cultural fix . a walk through times square wo n't cost you anything - as long as you can avoid the temptation to shop . alternatively , pack a picnic lunch and sit along lake zurich 's promenade or the sprawling sheep 's meadow in central park . mailonline travel reveals the best ways to save a buck in some of the world 's most budget-busting cities ... new york city . manhattan may be known for its luxurious accommodations and expensive fifth avenue boutiques , but , believe it or not , it is possible to visit the big apple and stick to a budget . if you can resist the temptation of popping into over-priced shops and restaurants , a stroll around times square wo n't cost you a dollar and nearby central park and grand central station are likewise free to peruse for an afternoon . for those who prefer to stay south of 42nd street , the union square farmer 's market , open on weekend mornings , is fantastic for people-watching and you ca n't beat a stroll along the recently-opened highline with its breathtaking views of the hudson river . when it comes to low-cost hotels , the concrete jungle does have a surprisingly good selection of properties for under £100 per night . in the warmer months , a stroll through central park is the ultimate no-cost activity for locals and visitors alike . apple core hotels ' nyma , a new york manhattan hotel , offers rooms for under £100 per night . the hotel is well-located - just five minutes from the empire state building - and even has a rooftop terrace . hotel 31 and apple core hotels ' nyma , a new york manhattan hotel , are both located just a five-minute walk from the empire state building , which is great for those looking to stay in the heart of midtown without breaking the bank . for a taste of how the locals live , head to the broadway hotel and hostel or the belnord hotel on the city 's upper west side . from there , it 's a quick walk to the american museum of natural history and central park 's iconic strawberry fields , and just steps from countless ( less expensive ) dining and bar options . zurich likewise offers inexpensive thrills , such as the botanischer garten , which is free to the public . the many promenades lining lake zurich are perfect for a low-cost afternoon picnic in the sun . zurich . another of the world 's most expensive cities , zurich likewise offers inexpensive thrills for those who are willing to look . the city 's botanischer garten , for example , is free to the public , while the many parks and promenade that line the stunning lake zurich are the perfect locations for an afternoon picnic in the sun . for breathtaking city views , wander up lindenhof hill , which is the highest point in the old town and also the historical site of a roman castle . in the summer , many festivals and public events take place on the hill . for breathtaking city views on a budget , climb lindenhoff hill , which is the highest point in the old town . located in the semi-rural bonstetten area , hotel oktogon is just a quick 15 minute train ride into the city centre . for those who do n't mind staying closer to the airport , the ibis zurich messe-airport is situated about 20 minutes from the city centre with plenty of bus links easily accessible . another option for under £100 per night is the guest 's house , a cosy bed and breakfast situated at the foot of the uetliberg mountain , about 15 minutes from the heart of the city . in the semi-rural bonstetten area , the highly-rated hotel oktogon is also about 20 minutes away from the zurich city centre by car , or a quick 15 minute train ride into zurich 's main station . the english capital is full of many inexpensive activities , such as a quick photo shoot in front of big ben . take a walk through one of london 's hyde park or visit buckingham palace for the changing of the guards . london . the english capital is full of many inexpensive activities , from exploring the many beautiful parks to paying a visit to buckingham palace to watch the changing of the guards ceremony . the british museum , in bloomsbury , and the national gallery , located in trafalgar square , are also free - though select exhibitions may cost more - and are both great starting points to explore the rest of the city . similarly , paying a visit to big ben , westminster abbey , or st. paul 's cathedral wo n't impact your wallet , though to go inside , you will have to pay a fee . on the weekends , meander through the crowds along the southbank , admire the blooms at the columbia road flower market or take in the sights ( and scents ) of borough market . stay where the locals live - in dalston - at premier inn 's london hackney property . in trafalgar square , the national gallery offers free entry - though donations are recommended . the jesmond dene hotel is another great low-cost option , as its situated just minutes from kings cross . for visitors willing to stay a bit outside the immediate centre of the city , there are plenty of deals to be found . in the trendy east end , the premier inn london hackney , is located near countless bars , restaurants and shops , and across the street from a london overground station , which will take you straight into central london in just eight minutes . and for those catching a train and heading off on their very own eurotrip , the jesmond dene hotel , conveniently situated just minutes from kings cross st pancras . plus , it 's also an easy walk to many main london attractions . while you may need to pay to go up to the top of the cn tower , a stroll past wo n't cost you a penny . visit toronto 's trendy distillery district or channel your inner bohemian at kensington market ( pictured ) . toronto . while you may need to pay to get to top of the third-tallest tower in the world , strolling past the city 's iconic cn tower wo n't cost you a penny . during the sunny summer months , do as the locals do and board a ferry to nearby toronto island and take part in kayaking or canoeing , or simply lounge in one of the many green spaces . the city 's trendy distillery district is likewise free to roam , or , alternatively , channel your inner bohemian and head west to the shops and cafes of nearby kensington market . just east of the downtown core is the delta toronto east hotel , offering easy access to the city centre . during the warm summer months , locals and visitors take the ferry across to toronto island . to save money , opt to stay outside of the city core and instead look to north york 's best western plus , bookable on tripadvisor from £83 per night or the delta toronto east , set just outside the downtown district . from north york , it 's just a short drive - about 20 minutes - to the cn tower , while the delta property , located in scarborough , is also easily accessible to the toronto zoo . and if you feel like splurging , both hotels are also nearby to one of the city 's top shopping centres , yorkdale . when it comes to saving money in the world 's haute-couture fashion capital , you need to know where to look . thankfully , it 's free to visit champs de mars and to take a walk through the jardin du luxembourg . paris . when it comes to saving money in the world 's haute-couture fashion capital , it may seem like it 's next to impossible . aside from the plethora of hermes and louis vuitton boutiques beckoning , there are also an endless number of gastronomical musts around the city , however it is possible to see the city of lights on a budget . looking for activities that do n't cost a euro ? take a stroll through the charming montmartre neighbourhood , pay a visit to the notre dame cathedral and the eiffel tower - to save money , skip going inside - and stop to smell the flowers in the jardin du luxembourg . the charming montmartre district is perfect for an afternoon stroll to see the painters and cobblestone streets . for a hearty meal on a budget , try l'as du fallafel in the trendy le marais district . considered by many to be the city 's best falafel , l'as du fallafel in the trendy le marais district is a great place to dine on a budget . and who says you have to compromise location to save a few pounds ? in the heart of paris ' 9th district , the hotel george opera - astotel , which rents for £99 per night , is easily accessible to the moulin rouge , sacre coeur and galeries lafayette . likewise , hotel darcet , just 100 metres from place de clichy , is just a stone 's throw from trendy montmartre . no trip to tokyo is complete without taking in the bright lights of the ginza crossing at dusk . visit the imperial palace , but opt for a walk along the park paths instead of paying for entry . tokyo . in such a hyperactive metropolis , it 's easy to quickly breeze through a good deal of yen . however , there are plenty of low-cost activities that will ensure you see the best of the big sushi , without destroying your wallet . the city 's imperial palace may charge to enter , but the park paths that surround the impressive structure are free . and on sundays , there are also 250 free bikes offered if you fancy a pedal . no trip to tokyo is complete without visiting the candy coloured harajuku neighbourhood , or without taking in the sights of the ginza district at dusk . ( think times square , but even busier . ) for a budget stay without sacrificing style , try the hotel sunroute plaza shinjuku in the city 's business district . dodge the brightly-hued crowds on takeshita dori street in the city 's candy-coloured harajuku district . at the edo sakura , japanese or western style rooms start from £84 per night on tripadvisor . for a cheap overnight stay , the edo sakura , with rooms for £84 per night , offers easy access to the centre of tokyo and a choice of japanese or western style rooms . if you prefer to walk , try the hotel sunroute plaza shinjuku in the city 's business district . it 's convenient if you 're travelling for work and a reasonable price if you 're simply looking for a great location from which to explore some of tokyo 's main attractions and the hundreds of nearby bars and eateries . all hotel prices reflect the cost for a weekend in mid-july , and all rankings are according to the tripadvisor popularity index .