the 2013/14 season was seen as a step forward for arsenal , spending the majority of the campaign at the top of the premier league and ending their trophy drought with the fa cup . but the gunners still finished in fourth place yet again , with arsene wenger 's team were heavily criticised after throwing away the title . that poor run of form in 2014 could n't seem further away now with arsenal flying in the league , a recent 4-1 victory against liverpool demonstrating their step forward . but still , the north london side have exactly the same record as they did at this stage last season . arsenal were reeling after a 6-0 defeat by chelsea at this stage last season and had 63 points from 31 games . the gunners are now in fine form and beat liverpool 4-1 on saturday but still have the exact same record . the premier league table after arsenal had played 31 games in 2013/14 ( left ) , and now ( right ) . played 31 , won 19 , drawn six , lost six - the only stat differentiating the two tables is arsenal 's favourable goal difference in this campaign - a season which their points tally of 63 merits a place of second , rather than fourth . with the addition of alexis sanchez as well as a new-found solidity in francis coquelin and the goalscoring returns of olivier giroud and mesut ozil , the gunners are already being tipped to challenge for the title next season . but the run of form at the start of the season - in contrast to 2013/14 when they impressed in the opening months - has cost wenger . defeats by swansea , stoke and manchester united will be looked back on with regret by this arsenal team , as well as dropping points late on at liverpool and tottenham . mathieu flamini celebrates after equalising in arsenal 's 31st game last season against manchester city . the gunners were in fine form at the beginning of the 2013/14 season and topped the table for many weeks . they currently top the european form guide but still ca n't beat their efforts from last year , at this stage at least . wind back a year and arsenal were reeling from a 6-0 defeat by chelsea , drawing with swansea and manchester city before another humiliating loss at the hands of everton . things are certainly on the up for the gunners now and they do look in fine shape heading into the summer , but they should not forget what could have been , this season and last . arsene wenger will regret many results in this season - including a 3-2 defeat by stoke city in december . 