a virginia man has won the right to see his son , even thought the child was conceived through the woman using a turkey baster , a court has ruled , robert preston boardwine provided his friend joyce rosemary bruce with sperm and she impregnated herself using the kitchen accessory in 2010 . she had opted for the bizarre method of conception because she believed that the absence of intercourse would mean mr boardwine had no parental rights . after the boy was born , the pair disagreed on the level of involvement mr boardwine would have in his son 's life , with ms bruce intent on raising him alone . unusual method : a court in richmond , virginia , has ruled that even though joyce rosemary bruce impregnated herself using a turkey baster and robert preston boardwine 's sperm , he still has parental rights . mr boardwine had envisioned being more involved in the child 's life , telling a lower court he had hoped to ' attend the boy 's sporting events some day ' , and have a say in major decisions such as school . the virginia court of appeals ruled tuesday that as the child 's biological father , mr boardwine is more than a sperm donor and is entitled to be a part of his son 's life . ' the path to fatherhood may have been unconventional , ' the court said , but it does n't remove boardwine 's parental rights . according to court filings , ms bruce impregnated herself with a turkey baster , believing that mr boardwine would not have any parental rights because they did not have intercourse . mr boardwine had agreed after some trepidation to provide the sperm , and the pair underwent several tries before ms bruce fell pregnant . they discussed a written contract but never signed one , a court heard . ' bruce used an ordinary turkey baster to inseminate herself , ' the court said . ' no other person was involved . they did not go to a doctor 's office or to a medical facility . ' after several visits from mr boardwine in 2010 , ms bruce learned that she was pregnant in july . their good relationship continued for the early part of the pregnancy , with mr boardwine visiting and bringing a stuffed bear and baby clothes . however , ms bruce wanted him to be only ' as involved as her other friends ' , a lower court was told , while he sought a more active role — attendance at the boy 's sporting events someday , and a voice in major decisions . ms bruce fell pregnant after several ' tries ' using mr boardwine 's sperm , but despite an initially friendly relationship , the pair fell out when she rejected his suggestion for a name for their son . the relationship soured when ms bruce rejected mr boardwine 's suggested name for the child . they did n't speak for about five months , until the boy was born and boardwine showed up at the hospital . later visits to her home were ' sort of strained , ' ms bruice said , and she eventually told boardwine to stay away . ms bruce argued that boardwine had no rights because , under the state 's assisted conception law , he was merely a sperm donor . but the law defines assisted conception as a pregnancy resulting from ' medical technology , ' and that definition doomed her argument . ' the plain meaning of the term ' medical technology ' does not encompass a kitchen implement such as a turkey baster , ' judge stephen r. mccullough wrote for the appeals court . ms bruce can still appeal to the virginia supreme court .