allegations : veteran peer lord janner ( pictured in 2002 ) has repeatedly denied claims he abused young boys at care homes and is now not fit to stand trial despite ' credible evidence ' . his name and face may not be immediately familiar to everyone today but , in his pomp , lord janner was one of the most prominent labour politicians and campaigners of his time . his entry in who’s who occupies nearly 50 lines : mp for leicester west ( 1970-97 ) … distinguished barrister… author… broadcaster… former president of the board of deputies of british jews . after training at the university of cambridge and harvard law school , he qualified as a barrister in 1954 and was appointed a qc in 1971 . he has fought tirelessly for the return of jewish assets held in swiss banks by the nazis , and was made a life peer on his retirement from the commons in recognition of his achievements in public life . those are the bare facts of greville janner’s gilded career . for nearly 25 years , however , a shadow has hung over lord janner of braunstone in the same way it did cyril smith and a string of other establishment figures . we now know , from victims who have come forward following his death – too many for the allegations not to be true – that late rochdale mp smith was a serial paedophile . but was janner ? detectives have interviewed more than 20 men who claim they were abused by janner in their youth . it is suspected he used his hobby as a magician – janner is a member of the magic circle – to get close to them and gain their trust when he visited children’s homes in leicestershire between 1969 and 1988 . but the evidence will never be tested in court after alison saunders , director of public prosecutions , ruled that it was not in the public interest to put the labour peer on trial because of his age and ill health . janner , 86 , is a father of three . his youngest daughter , laura janner-klausner , 51 , is an ordained rabbi and serves as senior rabbi at the movement for reform judaism . his son daniel janner is a prominent qc . janner’s wife myra died in 1996 and he has not been seen outside his flat in hampstead , north-west london , since police investigating the claims of historic sexual abuse raided it in 2013 . shortly afterwards , reports emerged that he was suffering from advanced dementia . in the month before the raid , janner attended the lords 15 times , claiming £2,100 in daily allowances , which has inevitably cast a critical spotlight on the decision to not prosecute him . janner , it should be stressed , strongly denied the allegations against him – including claims of rape – when they surfaced nearly 25 years ago at the trial of frank beck , a care-home warden suspected of abusing scores of children in his care . beck , a former liberal councillor , was given five life sentences . yet , the 1991 case made sensational headlines for very different reasons . one of those headlines can be found in a faded newspaper cutting . it reads : ‘ my commons date and night with mp janner . ’ the witness in question was paul winston , then aged 30 , who lived at one of beck’s care homes in janner’s constituency . mr winston claimed under oath that janner had abused him repeatedly between the ages of 13 and 15 . scroll down for video . pointing : channel 4 news filmed lord jenner outside his house in london on july 8 2014 , in what was is the most recent moving image of the labour peer . director of public prosecutions : last year , alison saunders ( pictured ) said prosecutors will pursue justice for victims of child sex crimes whether their cases were '30 days or 30 years old ' - but not in the janner case . he said that he had sex with janner in a holiday inn hotel , at the mp’s home when his wife and children were away , and visited him in the commons . the jury were shown letters the mp is said to have sent to him on house of commons notepaper . some were reportedly signed ‘ love greville’ . they are now in the hands of the police . one was alleged to have been penned by janner after they had stayed together at his home . ‘ it feels strange not to have you flipping around me like a friendly flea ! , ’ the letter said . ‘ in fact – i miss you . ’ referring to an encounter in the swimming pool of the holiday inn , mr winston said : ‘ i was fondled in my private area . it seemed at first like a bit of fun , being thrown around the water , but he would hold me close . ’ beck used the testimony as part of his defence : that he was being prosecuted to divert attention from janner and other high-profile ( unnamed ) paedophiles and that he was trying to shield the boys under his charge from them . paul winston was not the only witness to implicate janner . two others were called for the prosecution , saying beck had raped them , but in cross-examination , they appeared to confirm some details of mr winston’s story . probes : greville janner , left in 1974 , served as an mp for decades and was investigated in 1991 , 2002 and 2007 . janner was mentioned during the trial of paediophile frank beck , right , who died in jail . one , a woman , said she heard an argument between beck and mr winston in which he [ beck ] was shouting that he wasn’t [ allowed ] to see greville janner any more . ’ the other , a man , said mr winston had boasted about ‘ having friends in high places’ . were the allegations made simply to muddy the waters ? the jury thought so , finding beck , who died in prison in 1994 , guilty of the majority of charges against him . days later , janner , then in his 60s , broke his silence on the affair by making a personal statement to parliament . under parliamentary rules , personal statements are not debatable , so there were no follow-up questions from mps . janner told them : ‘ there was , of course , not a shred of truth in any of the allegations of criminal conduct against me during the trial . ‘ meanwhile , as my wife , my family and i have had a taste of the suffering which beck can impose on innocent people , will you join me in sending the real sufferers , the individuals who endured his homes and whose lives have been wrecked at his hands , the profound sympathy of us all ? ’ his statement was greeted with cheers . fellow labour mp keith vaz described janner as a ‘ brave man’ and others passed on leader neil kinnock’s ‘ tremendous support’ . police interviewed janner and mr winston , but no charges were ever brought against the mp . one of the detectives who worked on the frank beck case was mick creedon , who is now chief constable of derbyshire . last year he made a sensational claim in the times . he said there was ‘ credible evidence’ against janner and that he and his colleagues wanted to make an arrest but were prevented by ‘ more senior people’ from doing so . to put it bluntly , the investigation was blocked . influential : lord janner was chair of the holocaust educational trust and vice-president of the world jewish congress . mr creedon said : ‘ the decision was a clear one : he [ janner ] will be interviewed by appointment and there won’t be a search of his home address or his constituency office , of his office in the house of commons . it was a decision made by people more senior than me . ’ the allegations against janner remained buried in newspaper archives until the authorities began re-opening historic child abuse cases in the wake of the jimmy savile affair . many revolve around the elm guest house , a gay sauna in barnes , west london , where boys are believed to have been abused by a string of powerful men in the 1970s and 1980s , including cyril smith . one of the people who contacted the police was paul winston . at the same time , two booklets from the archives of former mp andrew faulds – who died in 2000 – emerged . one , a four-page leaflet entitled janner fails to answer ‘ sex with boy’ evidence and published by a group calling itself concerned leicester parents , landed on the prominent labour backbencher’s desk in 1992 . the second , a 24-page booklet entitled is grenville janner qc , mp , above the law ? , arrived in 1995 . both booklets appear to have been printed professionally and sent anonymously to mr faulds ( and presumably to several other influential figures ) by individuals anxious to ensure further attention was paid to the 1991 trial . while janner’s health has made the prospect of prosecution impossible , the stench of an establishment cover-up will continue to surround this deeply troubling case . the 1995 booklet provides a detailed account of an alleged victim’s testimony . it tells how the boy spoke of meeting janner in the commons when he was 13 . he said was invited to janner’s home when his wife was away . ‘ we ended up in his bed together and he cuddled me . we cuddled and fondled together . i didn’t like it and told him to stop . ’ so began a two-year sexual relationship , the boy claimed . the booklet also says that the boy ‘ had been able to provide the police with information about janner’s home , hotel rooms , life , habits and person in ... infinite and verifiable detail’ . the 1992 leaflet also refers to an alleged victim’s ‘detailed’ evidence : ‘ such evidence , submitted under oath ... requires a specific and detailed refutation . ’ crown prosecution lawyers have spent nine months studying volumes of evidence gathered by leicestershire police against janner . this week officers visited mr winston , now in his mid-50s and living on the outskirts of leicester , and other alleged victims in person to inform them of the decision not to proceed with the case . it has raised further questions about the cps in the face of growing criticism of the conduct of operation elveden against tabloid journalists . this is the fourth time that janner has escaped prosecution . he was interviewed by police after the beck trial , and was the subject of further allegations of abuse in 2002 , but these were not referred to the cps . a third investigation was launched in 2006 after police received a complaint from yet another alleged victim . a dossier was passed to the cps which decided there was ‘ insufficient evidence’ to bring charges . inevitably , while janner’s health has made the prospect of prosecution impossible , the stench of an establishment cover-up will continue to surround this deeply troubling case . 