trailing birmingham city by two goals , bournemouth were down to fourth in the championship at one stage in the afternoon but a thrilling four-goal turnaround moved them back to the top . ‘that’s the madness of it , ’ manager eddie howe said in the aftermath . ‘ i could n't believe in one game we dropped to fourth . it’s great for the neutral , but not so great for us . ’ the south coast club had not conceded the first goal at dean court this campaign and have struggled to get anything from losing positions , but comebacks rarely come better than being two behind after 21 minutes . charlie daniels ( right ) fires home from the edge of the box to seal the win and make it 4-2 to bournemouth . yann kermorgant slots home a penalty to cap a remarkable comeback and make it 3-2 to bournemouth . bournemouth ( 4-4-2 ) : boruc ; francis , cook , elphick , daniels ; ritchie , surman , arter , fraser ( smith 56 ) ; kermorgant ( pitman 87 ) , wilson ( jones 88 ) . subs not used : camp , ward , gosling , stanislas . goals : cook 39 , wilson 45 , kermorgant 48 ( pen ) , daniels 74 . manager : eddie howe . booked : wilson , francis , smith . birmingham ( 4-2-3-1 ) : randolph ; caddis , morrison , robinson , grounds ; davis , tesche ; cotterill , shinnie ( thomas 75 ) , dyer ( gray 69 ) ; donaldson ( kiernan 79 ) . subs not used : novak , doyle , zigic , brown . goals : donaldson 18 , cotterill 21 . manager : gary rowett . booked : davis , ground , sent off : robinson ( straight red ) . referee : andy woolmer . stadium : the goldsands stadium . attendance : 11,084 . watford temporarily moved top by beating middlesbrough , who started the day as leaders , in the lunch-time kick-off and norwich then went above them with victory against sheffield wednesday . but bournemouth have been this season’s pacesetters and clearly have no intention of stepping aside for the final sprint to the finish line . it did not feel like that , however , when the visitors stunned them with two goals in three minutes . a straightforward ball was played over the top from central midfield by andrew shinnie , on 18 minutes , and clayton donaldson burst through on goal . bournemouth goalkeeper artur boruc started to come from his line then hesitated and before he knew it the striker had sent the ball over him and in . ‘ we want eight , ’ the travelling birmingham supporters chanted in jest , demanding vengeance for bournemouth thrashing them 8-0 in the reverse of this fixture back in october . that scoreline became less fantastical when they added a second in the 21st minute . birmingham winger david cotterill made a strong run down the right and with a defender backing off he buried a strike across goal into the bottom left corner . ‘ that didn’t feel too good , ’ howe admitted . ‘i’d be lying if i said nerves won’ t come into it , it’s only natural considering what’s at stake . ’ but bournemouth have not got around the automatic qualification places by buckling under pressure and they scored twice before the break . callum wilson rounds birmingham keeper darren randolph to draw bournemouth level . wilson celebrates his 17th league goal of the season as bournemouth fight back from two goals down . steve cook ( centre ) battles past a host of birmingham defenders to score for bournemouth and make it 2-1 . on 39 minutes , matt ritchie whipped in a corner from the right-hand side and tommy elphick and steve cook both leapt for it , the latter eventually bundling the ball over the line . then in first-half stoppage time yann kermorgant played a delicate ball through birmingham’s defence , perfectly weighted between defender and goalkeeper for callum wilson to round darren randolph and tap in . only three minutes into the second half and they were in front . wilson broke free down the right , carried the ball into the box and was scythed down by birmingham defender paul robinson after a cheeky turn . kermogant stoked in the penalty . ‘ i felt the officials were inconsistent , ’ birmingham manager gary rowett said . ' we had three clear onsides given off and wilson was level when he won the penalty . elphick tried to slap rob kiernan in a melee at the end and the referee was right next to it but gave nothing . ’ if birmingham’s two goals in three minutes were impressive , bournemouth’s three in nine were even more devastating and they added to that in the 74th minute . substitute adam smith first had a shot from the edge of the box blocked , which left randolph on the floor , and the midfielder went for the opposite corner only for the keeper to dive back . but there was nothing randolph could do when the ball came out to charlie daniels who struck a shot into the ground which looped in off the bar . the game was over in the 77th minute when robinson was sent off for a foul last man . referee andy woolmer handed out a straight red card , but it was hard to make out amongst the birmingham red faces . david cotterill celebrates making it 2-0 to birmingham after just 21 minutes . clayton donaldson ( centre ) opens the scoring for birmingham with a sublime lob over artur boruc . paul robinson was shown a red card for a challenge on wilson after 78 minutes . bournemouth manager eddie howe had plenty to smiles about as his side returned to the top of the table .