the search for a missing 15-year-old girl in ohio who ran away from home on her bike early sunday morning has ended after she was found in the same town safe and sound monday afternoon . details about where lauren york was during her more than 24 hours missing were not detailed by police . ' update : my daughter lauren york has been found . we are all praising god , ' her mother grace york posted on facebook monday afternoon . lauren 's parents believe she left their home in north ridgeville around 4am , and first noticed she was missing when they woke up to have easter breakfast and she was gone . lauren , who is home-schooled , is thought to have left on her own since she took a backpack packed with a phone and clothes and her bike was missing . runaway : lauren york , 15 , was found monday afternoon , a day after run away from her home in north ridgeville , ohio . dissappeared : york 's parents believe she left home on her bike around 4am sunday morning , with a backpack filled with clothes and her cellphone . earlier in the day , lauren 's mother worridly posted on facebook fears that she may be heading out of the state . ' still no word . think lauren is headed to missouri . we are so desperate for your prayers and any info you may have . thank you friends ! ! ! ' mrs york wrote . in the aftermath of lauren 's sudden disappearance , mrs york said she found out her daughter was communicating with several people in online chat groups . phone records also showed lauren made several calls early sunday morning and police have allegedly contacted the person connected to the number lauren dialed , wews reports . on sunday , family and friends helped search for lauren on her bike , and posted missing child posters around the community and online . online life : york was allegedly talking on online chat rooms and made several calls before she left home sunday morning . destination : on monday , york 's mother wrote on facebook that she still had not been in contact with her daughter and feared she may be headed to missouri . anyone with information on york 's disappearance is being asked to call the north ridgeville police department at 404-327-2191 .