rangers boss stuart mccall hopes injured newcastle winger shane ferguson could play a surprise role in the club 's play-off bid . the northern ireland capped midfielder was sent north by the magpies as part of a five-man package on the final day of the january transfer window . but gers missed the fact he was carrying a long-term knee injury when they failed to carry out a medical . stuart mccall confident shane ferguson can play a vital role in rangers push for promotion to the spl . ferguson , 23 , only checked in to the club 's murray park training base on monday after he was finally given the green light to resume action . now mccall has revealed the derry-born wide man could make his gers bow as the ibrox side look to climb back to the premiership through the play-offs . the light blues boss said : ' i was really pleased yesterday when i saw him training . when you have been out for so long with a knee ligament injury , it 's not just the physical aspect but the mental one . ' but he was really positive . i 've had a wee chat with him and he 's desperate to get involved . ' he 's a wee bit away from match fitness and wo n't be ready to play in the next week or two because he 's been out too long . the on-loan newcastle united wide man has been out injured since he joined the club but is back training . ' but he is mentally in the right place , as in he is here to help , and he could be a welcome addition for the back end of the season . ' the deal which saw ferguson , haris vuckic , gael bigirimana , kevin mbabu and remie streete swap st james ' park for ibrox has proved controversial . so far , only vuckic has played regularly . street picked up an injury on his debut against raith and has not been seen since , while the other three arrived packing injury and fitness issues . but there was another sting in the tail for the frustrated gers faithful when they learned the deal included a clause which meant their club would have to give newcastle owner mike ashley a £500,000 cheque if they won promotion . mccall , though , joked he would be happy to hand over the cash if it meant he had succeeded in reclaiming gers ' top-flight slot . he said : ' it was a surprise to everyone when the news about that came out , because it 's quite a lot of money , especially when only one of them is playing . ' but if it was me - and it 's not because it 's not my money - i 'd love to give newcastle £500,000 because that means we have got promotion . ' having made 23 appearances for his parent club , ferguson will be a welcome addition to the squad . ashley 's standing in govan took another pounding last week too when it emerged the club 's iconic trademarks and badges had been registered on a government website in the name of his sports direct firm . the billionaire tycoon loaned the previous regime running the club £5million in january and took security over a number of rangers assets - including the logos - in return . the new rangers board have now probed the affair and reassured fans they still remain the rightful owner of the badges - but the row had worried some fans ashley may now scupper any potential deal for vuckic out of spite . the slovenian has been the sole positive from rangers ' relationship with the newcastle owner after scoring seven goals in just 12 games since moving north . but mccall is hopeful there will be no further repercussions , saying : ' from what i read from paul murray , they are going to have a meeting with sports direct in the near future . i 'm sure there will be some good talks come out of that . haris vuckic ( left ) is only success story from the other loanee 's , scoring seven goals in 12 appearances . ' haris has another year left on his newcastle contract . for the here and now he is trying to get us promotion . he is still a newcastle player but i do n't think ( the badge row ) would have any bearing on ( any potential rangers bid ) . ' i do n't think there has been any great falling out with the club and newcastle whatsoever . ' gers bounced back from last week 's 3-0 defeat to queen of the south by sticking four goals past raith on sunday . they now face basement boys livingston on wednesday but mccall expects another difficult match at the energy assets arena . he said : ' i genuinely think this could be one of the toughest games we 've got left . ' i saw them win last week at home to falkirk and you can tell they are a team that has got everything to play for . we have got to match their desire and hopefully our quality will take over . '