supermodel maggie rizer only gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn nine weeks ago , but the mother-of-three is already back to her trim and toned self . the 37-year-old fashion veteran sported a tiny string bikini as she posed with her two-year-old son quinnlann clancy for a sweet snapshot , which she shared monday on her instagram account . ' boogie boarding with my baby , ' she captioned the image . and online commenters could n't help but note how fit maggie looks only a few months after she and her husband alex mehran welcomed their first daughter into the world . beach body : supermodel maggie rizer donned a string bikini while playing with her two-year-old son quinnlyn clancy on the beach - just nine weeks after she gave birth to her daughter cecilia kathryn . bundle of joy : the 37-year-old shared this precious baby photo to announce the birth of her third child and first daughter on february 9 . ' that body is right back ! ' one instagram user posted , while another added : ' i . just . do n't . understand . [ sic ] ' maggie thanked her commenters for being ' very kind ' before noting that she takes great care over which images she chooses to share on her account , saying : ‘ i post carefully ! ’ but one fan insisted on giving the model credit for getting her amazing body back into such great shape so quickly , writing : ' @ maggierizer there 's not enough careful in the world to make me look like this even though i have one kid and she 's almost two . you are killing it ! [ sic ] ' and maggie has been working hard . two weeks before her family vacation she shared a picture of herself on a pilates reformer . ' ca n't be a slacker forever i guess , ' she captioned the photo of herself working up a sweat . happy family : maggie posed next to her husband alex mehran to celebrate their newborn 's ' first trip to the beach ' . date night : maggie and alex were pictured enjoying a romantic dinner later that night . maggie and alex , who also have a three-year-old son named zander , are spending time with their family , including their newborn at an unidentified tropical destination . another instagram snapshot , which was also posted yesterday , shows maggie sporting patterned shorts and a pink tank as she poses next to alex , who is holding their baby girl . ' cecilia 's first trip to the beach ! ' she wrote . later that night , maggie shared a picture of her and her husband enjoying wine and a glass of something bubbly during a romantic ' island ' dinner . maggie , who announced cecilia 's arrival into the world with a precious instagram photo on february 9 , continues to chronicle her children 's adventures and their precious family moments on the social media site . getting toned : two weeks before her beach vacation , maggie shared this photo of herself working out on a pilates reformer . pretty in pink : maggie and cecilia donned matching pastel outfits for easter . all bump : maggie showed off her growing belly with a selfie she took in january . maggie rarely models but remains in demand , despite having moved to san francisco for her husband 's work . she was last seen on the catwalk in september 2014 at michael kors ' new york fashion week show . though her pregnancy was not public knowledge at the time , she would have been four months ' pregnant - a point at which most expectant women start to show a small bump . maggie , who originally hails from new york state , was one of the world 's most popular models in the late nineties and early 2000s . she stopped modeling in 2004 after it emerged that her stepfather , john breen , who had been handling her finances , gambled away her entire fortune . her professional earnings alone were estimated to be over $ 7million , though she also lost inheritance left by her biological father , kevin rizer , after his death from aids when she was 14 . since the loss of her father - her parents divorced when she was a baby when kevin announced that he was gay - the model has been a staunch aids awareness activist .