england world cup winner jason robinson has revealed he once contemplated suicide during a troubled period of his career in which he was arrested for violent offences . speaking in the documentary jason robinson : sports life stories , which will be broadcast on itv4 at 10pm on tuesday , the 40-year-old former dual-code international admitted he had been a heavy drinker during his early days at rugby league club wigan , which almost led to his downfall . robinson , who scored for england in the 2003 world cup final victory against australia , said : ' i got into a situation where i was drinking sometimes six nights a week . former england ace jason robinson , pictured in 2007 , has revealed he contemplated committed suicide . robinson played a key role in england 's 2003 world cup win against australia in sydney . ' monday it was wakefield , 10 pence a pint night . tuesday i would be over to liverpool , wednesday it would be oldham . thursday it would be wigan . and after the game we would go out wherever . ' however , it was his arrest for affray , assault and criminal damage which left him considering an attempt on his own life and he credits then team-mate and samoa star va'aiga tuigamala with turning things around . ' i can remember i just sat in my bedroom with an old knife , an old meat cleaver , ' he recalled . ' i did n't want life to go on in this way . that night when i contemplated doing it , i wept like a baby . ' had it not been for him ( tuigamala ) , coming into the environment i was in and putting a different slant on it , i certainly would n't have the hope that i 've got now . and hope is something that people ca n't take away . ' former team-mate va'aiga tuigamala ( right ) convinced robinson out of committing suicide . robinson , pictured with ben cohen , has said ' nothing will compare to winning the world cup in australia ' . robinson , who enjoyed immense success before switching codes in 2000 , also looks back on england 's world cup win as the pinnacle of his 20-year playing career . ' when you look at the emotion on those players ' faces , it was the reality and the relief that we have just won a world cup , ' he said . ' and i will never forget that . jumping on will greenwood 's back . hugging lawrence dallaglio . all the hard work . everything we 've done has been for this moment . ' nothing will ever compare to winning the world cup , and especially in the backyard of australia . '