a mexican archaeologist hunting for a royal tomb in a tunnel beneath a towering pre-aztec pyramid has made a discovery that may have brought him a step closer : liquid mercury . in the bowels of teotihuacan , a mysterious ancient city that was once the largest in the americas , earlier this month sergio gomez found ' large quantities ' of the silvery metal in a chamber at the end of a sacred tunnel sealed for nearly 1,800 years . and because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in ritual ends , deeper into the complex gomez hopes to find the elusive last resting place of a king . scroll down for video . hope : mexican archaeologist sergio gomez has been excavating a pre-aztec pyramid in teotihuacan , mexico , for six years and came across ' large quantities ' of liquid mercury earlier this month . underground : gomez announced on friday that he found the liquid mercury in a chamber at the end of a tunnel ( pictured ) that had been sealed off for more than 1,800 years . ' it 's something that completely surprised us , ' gomez said at the entrance to the tunnel below teotihuacan 's pyramid of the plumed serpent , about 30 miles northeast of mexico city . if gomez is right , it could help settle a debate over how power was wielded in teotihuacan , a city boasting massive stone pyramids that was home to as many as 200,000 people and the heart of ancient empire that flourished between 100 and 700 a.d . some archaeologists believe the toxic element could herald what would be the first ruler 's tomb ever found in teotihuacan , a contemporary of several ancient maya cities , but so shrouded in mystery that its inhabitants still have no name . unsure why the mercury was put there , gomez says the metal may have been used to symbolize an underworld river or lake . though mercury has previously been uncovered in small amounts at a few maya sites much further south , it had never been found in teotihuacan . mercury was rare in ancient mexico , as it was difficult to mine and prized for its reflective properties . archaeologists believe it may have had a supernatural significance for ritual ends . teotihuacan , or ' abode of the gods ' in the aztec language of nahuatl , was distinct from the mayan civilization . royalty : gomez said that he is unsure as to why the mercury was in the tunnel ( pictured ) , but he hopes that it will lead him to the tomb of the city 's king . digging : national institute of anthropology and history ( inah ) archaeologists work at a tunnel that may lead to a royal tombs discovered at the ancient city of teotihuacan in 2011 . gomez said their findings could lead to settling the debate as to how power was distributed in the city . its inhabitants left behind no written record , abandoning the city long before the aztecs came to power in the 14th century . spaniards dug at teotihuacan in the 1670s , but rigorous scientific excavation of the site did not begin until the 1950s . gomez 's six-year slog in the tunnel has already yielded tens of thousands of artifacts including stone sculptures , fine jewelry and giant seashells leading to the three chambers . the painstaking excavation has slowed due to extreme humidity , mud , and now , the need for protective gear to avoid mercury poisoning . george cowgill , a u.s. archaeologist who has spent more than four decades excavating teotihuacan , says the mercury find increases the odds of finding a tomb . ' but it 's still very uncertain , and that is what keeps everybody in suspense , ' he added . mexican archaeologist linda manzanilla believes that at its peak , the city was ruled not by a single king , but a council of four lords , and that gomez may find the remains of one of them . to bolster her argument , she cites the absence of a single palace or the presence of kings in any of the city 's many murals . the excavation of the chambers should be finished by october , gomez said , with an announcement of findings by the end of 2015 .