the jockey they all struggle to beat but also a rider no sane jockey would attempt to emulate . that is the verdict of colleague andrew thornton when trying to explain what has made ap mccoy such a dominant force in his sport . cheltenham gold cup winner thornton has been one of the few weighing room colleagues to witness mccoy 's entire career , from shy newcomer to national sporting superstar . ap mccoy will race at sandown on saturday for the last time before he retires following a successful career . mccoy has two rides at sandown on saturday before he retires from professional racing for good . ' it is a bit like watching lionel messi on a horse , ' said thornton . ' he had so much time but he has a technique you would n't teach to anybody . ' it might sound like madness when you are talking about a 20-time champion but it is unique . he keeps the bit high up in the horse 's mouth though the general rule is to drop your hands on the back of your mount 's neck . but ap loves to be in 100 per cent control . whatever his mount does , it is his decision . ' he judges pace so well . he leaves his runs later now and he adapted his style since he started riding for jonjo o'neill . ' when he was with martin pipe , it was often a case of make sure you put everyone to the sword a mile from home . he would probably even admit he got some horses beaten around cheltenham in the early days that would not get beaten now . ' he is very aware of what is going on around him . if you look at this year 's grand national , and when he won it in 2010 on do n't push it , he had so much room . he finds room in a race and uses it . ' you also never know how much he has left in the tank . you very rarely see him sitting still . it is a bit like a coiled spring . ' mccoy ( left ) and wife chanelle will host a party at home on sunday for family and friends . thornton , who needs fewer than 20 winners to reach 1,000 in his career , says age has mellowed mccoy , who is an unassuming figure among his colleagues . former jockey luke harvey , now a tv presenter for at the races , agrees . ' he has never been the big ' i am ' . ' i used to run the blowing stone pub in lambourn and he would come along even though he does n't drink . ' he would stand in and play for the pool team and what p***ed you off was that he was good at that as well . mccoy and mr mole will have six rivals in the grade one celebration chase at sandown on saturday . ' before he was married , his home was like a doss house , full of jockeys who got back late from racing and could not be bothered to go home . ' seamus durack ( now a lambourn trainer ) bought a house but liked living at ap 's so much he rented it out and stayed at ap 's . ' richard hughes , champion flat jockey , is impressed by mccoy 's legendary focus . ' i was on holiday with him in portugal . ap played two days ' golf , flew home to ride at sedgefield and then back out to play the final day . we told him he was mad . '