barcelona will play bayern munich in the champions league semi-finals , meaning pep guardiola will return to the nou camp . guardiola , who spent four trophy-filled years at barcelona , took over at bayern in 2013 . in the other semi-final , defending champion real madrid will face juventus , with the italian champions playing at home first . the four teams have combined to win the european cup or champions league 21 times , with 16 runner-up finishes , in the competition 's 60-year history . the first legs will be played on may 5-6 , with the return matches on may 12-13 . the final will be played on june 6 at the olympic stadium in berlin . here 's how the draw unfolded ... host commentator . how about that , then ? pep guardiola will return to the nou camp in the semi-finals with his bayern munich team . many would have wanted this as the final . personally , i think it 's much better that pep goes back to catalunya rather than a final at a neutral venue . real madrid vs juventus is the other tie . the possibility of an el clasico final and a second straight all spanish final on june 6 is still there . that 's all from me this morning , though . goodbye . barcelona vs bayern munich . juventus vs real madrid . ties to be played on may 5/6 and may 12/13 . real madrid . juventus . bayern munich . barcelona . napoli will play dnipro and sevilla will face fiorentina in the semi-finals of the europa league . that draw has just been made . time for the main event , then . do n't blink ... this will be quick . we 're all ready for the draw to to start then . uefa will make the europa league semi-final draw first . join me here for live coverage of that before the main event shortly after . it 's been everything you 'd expect from barcelona really . they topped their group ahead of psg before christmas and have made light work of manchester city and the french champions in the knockout rounds . whatsmore , they are starting to look like the team to beat around europe again and that front three of messi , suarez and neymar are awesome . psg are the team who knocked chelsea out , but barcelona dismantled them 5-1 in the quarter-finals . it was all plain sailing for pep guardiola 's side , right up until their quarter-final tie with porto that is . bayern set off in their quest to regain the title they won at wembley in 2013 by topping a tough group e , which featured manchester city , roma and cska moscow , with five wins out of six . they showed no signs of letting up in the last 16 as well , thrashing shakhtar 7-0 at the allianz arena . but the last eight was a different story . bayern fell to a shock 3-1 defeat in porto in the first leg and needed something close to a miracle to go through . what they got was five goals in a sensational first half on their way to a 6-1 second leg victory . today , they could be drawn against real madrid , as they were last year , or pep guardiola could return to the nou camp to take on barcelona . juventus are by far the least glamorous side left in this season 's champions league . they are well on their way to another serie a title , and their european campaign this season has been just as efficient if a tad unspectacular . juve finished second in group a behind atletico madrid , just edging olympiacos into third place . but their 5-1 aggregate thrashing of borussia dortmund in the last 16 went under the radar , as did their 1-0 win over arsenal 's conquerors monaco in the previous round . juventus are a team not used to losing many games , and will be a tough draw for either of the other three sides . it 's been a season of two halves for real madrid , and their path to the last four of the champions league is a perfect reflection of that . the 2014 winners were an unstoppable force before christmas and won 22 games in a row in all competitions , including all six matches in a group that featured liverpool , basle and ludogorets . it 's been a different story in 2015 , though , and their progress through the knock-out rounds has been far from convincing . in the last 16 they were made to hang on by schalke , who inflicted a shock 4-3 defeat at the bernabeu after real cruised into a 2-0 lead in the away leg . in the last round , an 88th-minute strike from javier hernandez was all that separated them and local rivals atletico madrid . with the la liga title race firmly in barcelona 's hands , real will once again be looking to the champions league for success this season . laurie whitwell : sorry pep , but barcelona vs real madrid is the dream champions league final . it 's a pretty tough question to answer ... so we picked the brains of our team of experts . as you can see , even our reporters ca n't even agree ... our reporters have their say on who will win the champions league . plenty of build-up to this morning 's draw on the front pages of the national press in both spain and italy . the feeling in spain is that juventus are the team to draw . as have also listed the number of times each of these four teams have won the trophy - 21 cups between them from 37 finals . the italian press seem to have a ' bring it on ' message for juventus . they also look forward to fiorentina and napoli in the europa league draw a little later . ahead of today 's draw , our live football man dan ripley has compiled an ultimate lowdown on each of the four teams remaining in the draw . you 've still got time , so why not have a read ... as real madrid , barcelona , bayern munich and juventus meet in the champions league semi-finals , sportsmail gives you the lowdown on the final four . this morning , then , we will move one step closer to discovering our line-up for the final of this year 's champions league final at berlin 's olympic stadium on june 6 . the first leg of the semi-finals will take place on may 5/6 with the second leg a week later on may 12/13 and , regardless of today 's draw , we should have some intriguing scenarios . will suarez have to face either chiellini or evra again ? will pep come up against his former team ? will bayern face real madrid as they did last year ? or will we have a home and away el clasico tie to look forward to ? all will be revealed , i guess . good morning everybody . i 'm sure you 'll agree it 's not a bad way to start a friday by finding out the line-up for this year 's semi-finals of the champions league . there may be no english involvement , but do n't let that get you down . featured in this morning 's draw in nyon are four european powerhouses barcelona , real madrid , bayern munich and juventus . the draw at uefa 's hq in switzerland will take place in around an hour from now , but we 'll have plenty of build-up so do n't move your mouse .