david cameron 's desperate attempts to appear cool have failed to impress his children . the prime minister has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family . he admits the comparison is ' not great ' , with even his fashion getting the thumbs down from the 11-year-old . david cameron has revealed eldest daughter nancy has taken to likening her father to phil dunphy ( right ) , the embarrassing dad from us hit sitcom modern family . now in its sixth series , modern family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of american since friends . dunphy , played by ty burrell , is one of the stand-out characters in the american show . he is convinced he is a cool parent , a view not shared by his three children or his wife claire . mr cameron , who has often name checked ultra-cool bands to burnish his credentials , revealed the pain of discovering his children really view him as a british version of dunphy . nancy has taken to using the putdown ' that is so phil dunphy ' to highlight her father 's flaws . it occurred on a recent shopping trip , mr cameron told the sunday times . ' i said , ' that 's a nice shirt ' , and she said , ' dad , that is so phil dunphy ' . i thought , ' oh dear . it 's happened ' . ' she does regularly say : ' that is so phil dunphy ' . if you watch modern family , you will know what that means . it 's not great . ' in the show , dunphy is often mocked by his wife claire , but has become one of the best loved characters for his pearls of wisdom dubbed 'phil's-osophy ' samantha cameron , who has joined her husband on the campaign trail , has also teased the tory leader over his diy skills . ' when life gives you lemonade , make lemons . life 'll be all like ' what ? ! ' ' if you 're ever in a jam , a crayon scrunched up under your nose makes a good pretend mustache . ' ' some people call me a salesperson . i call myself a salesfriend . ' ' if you love something , set it free . unless it 's a tiger . ' ' watch a sunrise at least once a day . ' ' take a lesson from parakeets . if you 're ever feeling lonely , just eat in front of a mirror . ' i got to be the top realtor of the year by thinking inside the box . that 's right , i said inside . because while everyone is chasing each other outside , what is the box ? empty . ' ' if you get pulled over for speeding . tell them your spouse has diarrhoea . ' now in its sixth series , modern family is one of the biggest sitcoms to come out of american since friends , with dunphy a standout character . the real estate agent 's trademark pearls of wisdom have become one of the most popular aspects of the show , and have spawned fansites , online lists and even books . they include gems like : ' if you love something , set it free . unless it 's a tiger . ' mr cameron is not averse to making similarly bizarre comments . in the interview he was asked about the low-key nature of the conservative election campaign so far . some tories are asking themselves whether their leader has a tiger in his tank . but the pm insisted : ' i 'm hugely enthused . there 's not just a tiger , there 's a couple of elephants , a lion and a yeti in the tank . this is a very energetic campaign . ' dunphy is often mocked by his wife , particularly by his attempts at diy around the family home . last weekend , samantha cameron revealed how her husband also struggles with odd jobs . ' historically , i 'm the one with the drill , ' she told the mail on sunday . ' he 's become quite expert at putting together flat-pack furniture over the years . normally , when i 've just had a baby . ' mr cameron also revealed that nancy has threatened to a write memoir of her time in number 10 . it would include the embarrassing episode in which her father mistakenly left her in a pub . mr cameron also revealed that nancy has threatened to a write memoir of her time in number 10 , including the embarrassing episode in which her father mistakenly left her in the plough pub . the pm added : ' she sometimes stands on a table outside the pub in cadsden recounting the story of how she was left [ there ] . ' every now and again there are morris dancers so there 's competing entertainment with nancy telling her story and me with my head in my hands . '