hillary clinton and top aide huma abedin did n't leave a tip during their now infamous stop at an ohio chipotle on monday - despite there being a jar on the counter . ' her bill was $ 20 and some change , and they paid with $ 21 and left , ' charles wright , manager of the maumee , ohio , restaurant , told bloomberg . to be fair , multimillionaire ' clinton did n't pay ' for the meal , according to wright . ' the other lady paid the bill , ' he said , referring to abedin , the vice chairwoman of clinton 's campaign . she was spotted standing next to clinton in security camera footage released by the toledo-area store . scroll down for video . spotted : hillary and huma order at chipotle in maumee , ohio , at lunchtime monday- the first time they had been seen since they started their cross-country road trip . but nobody in the restaurant recognized them during their 45-minute meal . the manager says they did n't leave a tip . do you tip at chipotle if there is a jar ? do you tip at chipotle if there is a jar ? now share your opinion . not every chipotle restaurant has a jar for change . and many customers pay with a card . but wright assured bloomberg that his location does , and customers usually leave a little something behind . ' we get a bunch of tips , ' the 29-year-old said . ' if we 're doing our job right , people tip . ' clinton and abedin dropped by the maumee restaurant incognito for lunch just after 1 pm on monday during their road trip from new york to iowa for the first round of campaign events . traveling in an armored van they fondly call ' scooby ' after the 1970s cartoon program and wearing dark sunglasses , they reportedly strolled into chipotle , waited their turn in line and ordered a chicken burrito bowl - with guacamole - a chicken salad , a blackberry izzy soda and a regular soda without being recognized . it was n't until after clinton was back on the road that her campaign alerted the press to the lunch outing . reporters were then able to obtain security camera footage from the store that proved clinton had in fact dined there . a former first lady , secretary of state , new york senator , clinton 's net worth fell somewhere between $ 5 million and $ 25 million in 2012 , the last time she was required by the government to disclose her earnings . she 's since written a memoir , for which she received a hefty $ 14 million advance , and made at least $ 5 million more off of speaking gigs . together , she and husband bill have an estimated net worth of roughly $ 100,000 million , but the public wo n't know for sure until she files a disclosure form in the course of her national campaign . a key feature of clinton 's second attempt for the presidency was supposed to be her interactions with ' everyday ' americans , meant to show how down to earth and approachable the wealthy new yorker is .  but clinton made no attempts at the chipotle to introduce herself , the manager indicated , or mingle with other burrito-goers . ' the thing is , she has these dark sunglasses on , ' wright told the new york times after it inquired about her visit . ' she just was another lady . ' the daily mail online yesterday learned that an impromptu round table that clinton held at a coffee shop with three young people was completely staged by her campaign . a clinton staffer vetted the young people , all of whom had ties to the democratic party , and drove them to the site of the meet and greet . clinton is pictured here arriving at the iowa statehouse yesterday for a meeting with democratic party lawmakers in des moines . to her left is iowa senate majority leader michael gronstal . this is the branch of chipotle in maumee , ohio , where hillary and her right-hand woman huma abedin were spotted at 1:13 p.m. local time on monday . the question of whether clinton left a tip at chipotle was first raised by conservative radio show host rush limbaugh during his tuesday broadcast . explaining to his listeners the concept of chipotle , limbaugh noted , ' there 's a tip jar in there . ' ' and i would be interested to learn if mrs. clinton put anything in it . i mean , she 's out there representing the little guy . she 's out there campaigning against the rich , ' he said , pointing out that clinton is in the 1 percent of top earners . further chiding her for failing to alert other diners to her presence , limbaugh said , ' i thought this is an everyman tour . i thought this was a tour where hillary clinton was gon na meet the people that she 's standing up for , that she 's representing , that she 's doing everything she 's doing for the little guy , doing it for them . ' she slithers in to chipotle , does n't get recognized , does n't seek to be recognized , ' he said . ' wearing the dark glasses is a favored technique of celebrities trying to hide ' - not of political candidates . he also suggested , correctly , that clinton probably did n't pay for her meal , her assistant did . ' you know , celebrities like that are famous for walking around with no money and no credit card because they 're so accustomed to somebody else picking up the check . the clintons really rate high on that scale . ' mystery : until the security camera footage of hillary and huma surfaced around four hours after they ate at chipotle , nobody knew where the presidential candidate was . clinton made no attempts at the chipotle to introduce herself , the manager indicated , or mingle with other burrito-goers . continuing limbaugh said , he really would ' like to know if she left anything in the tip jar , because that would be an indication that she understands the average , ordinary , everyman that she seeks to represent . ' i mean , that 's where the people that work at chipotle , that 's where they make a little extra , in the tip jar , and i have n't heard a word about whether or not she visited the tip jar , whether she put anything in it or not . ' republican national committee chairman reince priebus picked up the ball and began running with it on wednesday , telling fox news that clinton 's strategy is to ' make sure the field knows that she 's running , and then not answer any questions from the media , and not actually talk to anybody . ' ' if you want to be successful , ' he said , especially in early primary states , ' you 've got to take the sunglasses off and actually go and talk to people . and actually care about what people think , ' he said , according to business insider . ' this is iowa ; it 's not hollywood , ' he said .