' the general ' : mohammed suleman khan , 43 , was sent to prison for four years last april but faces ten more years if he does not pay back £2.2m . a jailed tax fraudster who hid his wealth in the uk while building an estate in pakistan modelled on buckingham palace must pay back £2.2million within six months or face a ten more years in jail . mohammed suleman khan , 43 , was sent to prison for four years last april after defrauding the taxman of £450,000 . his nine-year scam was exposed after police raided his birmingham home and discovered plans for his own mansion in pakistan , complete with library , cinema and servant quarters . serving inmate khan faced a proceeds of crime hearing at liverpool crown court last week and was ordered to pay £2.2million within six months . if he fails to hand over the cash he faces a further ten years in prison . the tax fraudster had contested the order , brought by west midlands police and prosecuted at court by andrew smith qc . judge andrew menary qc presided over the week-long case , which heard details of khan 's complicated financial affairs . the original tax fraud court case heard how he had lived in a gated £500,000 house in moseley and drove a bmw , but had no obvious job . his family home belonged to relatives and only small amounts of money went through his bank accounts . yet while he was careful to avoid showing trappings of wealth in the uk , detectives from west midlands police 's force cid discovered he had secretly paid for the £2.3million mansion to be built in pakistan . in court his defence team portrayed him as a legitimate businessman who had earned around £400,000 over the nine-year period from debt collecting and other business interests in the uk and abroad . but police found no evidence of a legitimate debt collecting company and their investigation proved he had netted more than £1million during that period , without paying the required tax and national insurance . inspiration : khan built himself a vast estate in pakistan , left , inspired by buckingham palace , right . a search of khan 's birmingham home after his arrest uncovered plans for the ' palace ' in the attock region of pakistan . the outer shell and roof of the building had been completed by khan at a cost of £893,000 . once finished , the property would have been valued at £2.3 million . khan was known in criminal circles as ' the general ' and his prosecution sent shockwaves around birmingham 's criminal fraternity , who had held him up to near ' mythical ' status . one gangland source said : ' in recent years he was said to have turned religious but this man was still feared and his dealings and movements were shrouded in mystery . ' not many people had even ever set eyes on him . he had this kind of mythical status where people only spoke his name in hushed tones . most people referred to him simply as ' the general ' which gave an indication of the kind of status he had in the community . ' a police source close to the investigation into the unsolved murder of of tony yaqub in birmingham in 2004 said : ' khan was arrested after returning to birmingham from pakistan a few days after the murder and he was questioned at length ' . khan was later released without charge . an appeal was later made on the bbc’s crimewatch programme but mr yaqub’s killers have continued to evade police and no motive for his murder has ever been revealed by police . 