a run-down car park has been bought for £3million by the national trust - because it offers one of britain 's most spectacular views . the tatty tarmac site overlooks the golden sands at rhossili in south wales , voted the uk 's number one beach , the third best in europe , and 9th best in the world by tripadvisor . visitors to the tip of the gower peninsula can see the coastline stretch on for miles , surrounded by the rolling welsh hills in the picture-perfect vista . this tatty tarmac car park has been snapped up for £3m by the national trust - because it has one of britain 's most spectacular views over the beach at rhossili on the gower in south wales . now the rundown parking spot has been snapped up by the heritage organisation which normally looks after the uk 's best buildings and landscapes . national trust manager paul boland defended spending the hefty sum to buy the car park from private landowners with the aim of improving it . he said : ' we want to ensure that we provide gower with a first-class car park for a first-class destination . we believe this will secure the future of a very important area of natural beauty , renowned for its wildlife , environment and archaeology , as well as ultimately bringing better facilities at this world-renowned tourist location . ' picture-perfect vista overlooks miles of golden sands at rhossili - voted the uk 's number one beach , third best in europe , and 9th best in the world by tripadvisor . the beautiful piece of coastline is a favourite with location scouts and has been the setting for doctor who along with a host of car tv adverts . day-long charges will be £4 - an increase of 50p from the existing charge but with a new £2 two-hour charge . national trust members will be able to park for free from today . the beach at rhossili is a favourite with tv executives and has been the setting for doctor who along with a host of car adverts . the trust hope the new facilities may be added to help provide for the thousands who regularly make a pilgrimage to rhossili . mr boland added : ' we will consider other facilities that are harmonious with the outstanding beauty of this unique part of the world . ' the car park will open under the national trust , which already owns a large section of the coastline including rhossili beach and the worm 's head islands , this weekend . the ugly car park and pot-holed tarmac was previously owned by a private landowners who sold it off to the national trust for £3million . national trust manager paul boland defended the hefty sum paid for the land saying he wanted to ensure gower had a 'first-class car park for a first-class destination ' . the trust now aims to improve a car park with the best scenery in the land for tourists visiting the tip of the gower peninsula for the glorious welsh views . the new car park will open under the national trust , already owns a large section of the coastline including rhossili beach and the worm 's head islands , this weekend .