with a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort , the bell 525 relentless is likely to make some high-flyers seriously happy when it takes to the skies this year . the manufacturers of the state-of-the-art helicopter , textron , are yet to officially release a price but industry observers are listing it at a whopping $ 15million ( £10.12m ) for what looks effectively like a living room that can fly just about anywhere . once it flies for the first time a little behind schedule , the helicopter will cruise at a maximum of 178 miles per hour and with its 2,4000-litre fuel capacity be able to fly up to 575 miles without stopping . scroll down for video . the bell 525 relentless is due to make its maiden flight this year with purchasers forking out $ 15million ( £10.12m ) for their own . the commercial helicopter has a luxurious 88-square-foot cabin and space to fit 20 passengers in boardroom-style comfort . a range of configurations can be chosen by the buyers , who are expected to use the craft for offshore oil and gas missions . the craft is aimed to be a limo in the sky for offshore oil and operations and also expects to be used for difficult search-and-rescue and firefighting missions due to its huge capacity and improved control in tough conditions. , ' the bell 525 relentless is a marvel of modern technology that will provide our customers capability beyond expectations , ' fred hees , ceo of bbm inc which is one of the first companies to purchase the 525 , told helicopterinvestor.com . the company says their bell 525 will be configured to ' perform head of state transport throughout the region ' while another purchaser k aircraft leasing , will rent their two 525s out to middle east-based oil and gas companies . ireland-based waypoint leasing has also tentatively agreed to buy 20 of the helicopters , reports the wall street journal , before the craft even makes it maiden flight . one early buyer calls the helicopter , which looks like a living room that can fly anywhere , ' a marvel of modern technology ' . another deluxe interior option for the helicopter which looks like it should be a private jet rather than a helicopter . depending on the configuration of the interior , the 525 will hold 16 or 20 passengers along with the two flight crew with what the builders say is best in class passenger cabin height ( 137cm ) and floor area ( 8.2 square metres ) . the 525 is also the first commercial helicopter to incorporate fly-by-wire flight controls , which they say delivers ' superior handling qualities and increased level of safety ' with features that , among other things , stabilise the aircraft without the need of input from the pilot . depending on the chosen configuration , the 525 will hold 16 or 20 passengers along with the two flight crew . the manufacturers say the 525 boasts best in class passenger cabin height ( 137cm ) and floor area ( 8.2 square metres ) . the exterior has an advanced aerodynamic design , a next generation ge engine and 'best-in-class payload-range capability ' . for the technically savvy , it is also the first commercial craft if its kind to include the garmin g5000h , a glass touchscreen avionics suite for the flight deck that replaces knobs and switches with what they say are simpler controls and information , such as weather , charts , traffic , terrain and global connectivity options , for the pilot . for the 525 it 's been rebranded as the arc horizon system . the slick exterior of the chopper , which looks like something iron man would n't be adverse to taking a ride in , of course has an advanced aerodynamic design , a next generation ge engine and an airframe that offers 'best-in-class payload-range capability ' . 