one is a legendary supermodel and the other is quickly following in her footsteps , so it made sense for naomi campbell and her modern-day protegee jourdan dunn to team up for a new campaign . naomi , 44 , and 24-year-old jourdan have been unveiled as the faces of burberry 's new eyewear range , the gabardine collection . the second joint campaign for the catwalk stars sees them cuddling up on set and modelling the seasonal styles inspired by gabardine - a fabric invented by thomas burberry and the original material of the iconic trench coat . jourdan dunn and naomi campbell haved joined forces for burberry 's new eyewear campaign . the duo show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the new frames , which were designed to reflect the timelessness , craft and innovation of cotton gabardine . jourdan and naomi , who are close friends , look chic in the luxury british fashion house 's colour-pop collared trench coats . the pair first teamed up for burberry 's spring/summer 2015 campaign , in which they rocked a range of the popular brand 's colourful coats and dresses , and toted bags bearing burberry 's distinctive plaid pattern . naomi , 44 , and 24-year-old jourdan giggle on set as they model burberry 's new eyewear range : the gabardine collection . the duo show off their razor-sharp cheekbones and flawless skin as they model the new frames . last year , jourdan revealed that she and naomi had a rather unconventional first meeting . speaking to vogue.com , she recalled : ' i did n't really have time to be nervous about meeting her . it was at the launch of kate moss ' topshop line and i was half naked backstage when she just came running up to me in front of everyone and gave me a massive hug and said , `` hi darling , it 's so great to meet you , we must have lunch '' . ' ' so i was n't nervous because i did n't have time to register being scared really , i was just thinking : `` i 'm half naked and naomi campbell is hugging me in front of everyone , and now we 're going to have lunch . ok… '' ' dunn also previously revealed that campbell taught her how to look after herself in the fickle world of fashion : by bringing her own snacks to photo shoots in case the crew forgot to feed her . jourdan and naomi look chic in the luxury british fashion house 's colour-pop collared trench coats . ' she told me i had to look after myself - to remember to look after number one , ' said jourdan . ' she told me to take my own snacks on shoots in case they forget to feed you - which they do sometimes ! and she told me not to forget to ask for time off otherwise you 'll be booked in for job after job after job and never get a break . ' jourdan was also hand-picked as one of the models to walk in naomi 's fashion for relief catwalk earlier this year . jourdan revealed that naomi offered her advice when she first started out and told her she had to ' look after number one ' . the pair first teamed up for burberry 's spring/summer 2015 campaign , in which they rocked a range of the popular brand 's colourful coats and dresses . ( l to r ) actress maggie gyllenhaal , singer sam smith , cara delevingne , jourdan dunn , kate moss , fashion photographer mario testino and model naomi campbell attend the burberry prorsum aw 2015 show . 