a man has been arrested and bailed following the ' suspicious ' death of a woman found floating in the water at a boat club - just hours after a children 's easter egg hunt took place in the grounds . the victim , who has not been formally identified but is thought to be in her 60s , was discovered at derby motor boat club in sawley , leicestershire , on sunday night . a 65-year-old man was arrested in connection with her death before being released on police bail . the woman 's body was found at derby motor boat club in sawley on the river trent ( pictured ) . the club 's rear commodore , steve bilbie , said : ' we are very upset , but we ca n't say anything else ' . the area was cordoned off for forensic examination and detectives say the investigation is in its ' early stages ' . a spokesman for leicestershire police said a post-mortem examination had failed to establish a cause of death and that results of further tests would not be known ' for some time ' . detective chief inspector mick graham , who is leading the investigation , said : ' at this stage we 're treating the incident as a suspicious death . ' officers will be carrying out inquiries locally to locate potential witnesses to any activity around the marina yesterday evening . police at the scene today - officers are continuing to investigate the woman 's ' suspicious ' death . a 65-year-old man has been arrested and released on bail in relation to the woman 's death . ' if you have any information which you believe may be able to assist us then please get in touch . ' the woman 's body was discovered at around 10.21pm on sunday in the marina in warren lane . the derby motor boat club , which has an annual fee of £750 , was founded in 1938 by a group of local businessmen . its current rear commodore , steve bilbie , said : ' we are very upset , but we ca n't say anything else as there is an ongoing investigation . ' a description of the club on its website reads : ' we are situated on the river trent at sawley close to the junctions of the trent with the river soar , the erewash canal and the trent . ' the boat club has space for 130 boats on individual moorings , which stretch around a third of a mile along the bank of the canal . each has access to water and electricity . the club also has a headquarters , based in a portable building , children's play area , toilet and shower block . leicestershire police ( headquarters pictured ) said a post-mortem failed to establish a cause of death and results of further tests would not be known ' for some time ' . the woman has not been formally identified . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .