mexican prosecutors have launched an investigation of possible criminal conduct in the case of a 14-year-old girl mistakenly sent to the u.s. to live with a woman who claimed to be her mother , authorities said friday . alondra luna nunez was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge in the western state of michoacan ruled in favor of a houston woman who believed she was her daughter . she was returned to her family in mexico on wednesday after dna testing in the united states showed she was not the long-missing daughter of houston resident dorotea garcia . scroll down for video . reunited : alondra luna nunez ( pictured ) was mistakenly flown to texas on april 16 after a judge in the western state of michoacan ruled in favor of a houston woman named dorotea garcia who believed she was her daughter . the prosecutor 's office in the southwestern state of michoacan said in a statement that it is looking into the case involving a civil court judge in los reyes , including media reports and videos that ' suggest probable acts against the child 's best interests and could constitute an illegal action ' . video footage of alondra being taken screaming by police circulated widely and attracted national and international attention to the case . the national human rights commission has launched its own investigation , which its president luis raul gonzalez said would seek to ensure that there is ' no impunity ' in the case . after landing home on wednesday , alondra seemed to hold no grudge , saying she hoped garcia , ended up finding her daughter . they spoke by phone . taken : alondra luna nunez 's case drew international attention after a video of her being forced into a police vehicle last week appeared online . struggle : alondra used every ounce of her energy to fight mexican federal police officers , who were working for interpol on the orders of a texas judge . ' she told me to forgive her for everything she had done to us , ' alondra told reporters . alondra had asked for dna tests in mexico before she was sent to the united states , and her parents presented more than a dozen documents including her baptismal records , family photographs and a copy of her birth certificate . but judge cinthia elodia mercado ruled alondra was in fact alondra diaz garcia , who was taken from texas by her father in 2007 . garcia thought luna was her daughter because they share a similar scar between their eyebrows . the other girl remains missing and the father 's whereabouts are also unknown . elodia mercado said this week that it was not within her authority to order dna testing , and she was obligated to ensure mexico followed international conventions on child abductions . ' we , as judges , are only responsible to resolve the case with respect to recovering the minor , ' she said . ' we do n't do investigations or make inquiries . ' mexico 's national human rights commission also announced it had requested reports from a half dozen government entities to conduct its own inquiry into whether alondra 's human rights were violated . reunited : alondra is seen with her father , little brother and mother after she was reunited with her family when a dna test proved she was not the daughter of the houston woman . long-lost daughter : dorotea garcia ( pictured ) believed that alondra nunez was her long-lost daughter alondra , who was taken to mexico by her father in 2007 . similarities ? dorotea never stopped looking for her daughter alondra diaz garcia - seen here before she was taken as ( right ) in a digitally aged picture . it added that its officers had interviewed alondra 's father and offered medical and psychological help for the girl and the family , and said it would study whether procedures for handling such cases should be reformed . ' if there are holes or gaps in the protocol , these must be corrected to prevent future human rights violations that harm girls , boys and adolescents , ' the commission said in a statement . after the ruling , alondra traveled by bus with garcia to the u.s. border , crossing at laredo , texas . alondra was granted entry based on the birth certificate of garcia 's daughter and the court order , according to mexico 's foreign ministry . this week , when asked if she harbored any anger about the forced weeklong separation from her family , alondra , singled out the judge . ' i 'm angry only at her , because it was her who caused all this , ' alondra told the associated press . ' nobody but her is guilty . at least that 's what i think . ' probe : mexican prosecutors have began an investigation of possible criminal conduct in the case , that includes media reports and videos that ' suggest probable acts against the child 's best interests and could constitute an illegal action ' .