advertising entrepreneur john singleton is selling his breathtaking beach house on the central coast of new south wales . situated beside the killcare surf life saving club , the luxurious five-bedroom abode offers sweeping views of the pacific ocean . singleton bought 80 beach drive for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 , and the agents expect bidding for the may 9 auction to will kick off at $ 3.5 million , reports property observer . the entrance to 80 beach drive , advertising entrepreneur john singletons breathtaking beach house . the property offers wide open plan living areas leading onto an undercover front balcony . singleton bought the five bedroom residence for a suburb record of $ 4.25 million in late 2007 . designed by esteemed architect karen burke and master-built by matt blair , the exquisite design captures the essence of the quintessential australian beachside holiday home . the skillion roof-lines and extensive glazing frame the dramatic sandstone cliffs of the adjoining national park . the master suite offers a study , dressing room , bathroom and private deck , overlooking a small waterfall and landscaped bushland . the lower level offers two more king sized bedrooms as well as a teenager’s retreat with four bunk beds and a separately contained living area or media room . the master suite offers a bathroom and private deck overlooking a small waterfall and landscaped bushland . the skillion roof-lines and extensive glazing frame the dramatic sandstone cliffs of the adjoining national park . the exquisite design captures the essence of the quintessential australian beachside holiday home . a one-bedroom cabin fit with a bathroom , kitchenette , living area and sandstone courtyard . set apart from the main residence is an additional one-bedroom cabin with bathroom , kitchenette , living area and sandstone courtyard . the property has been managed as a luxury holiday house by the bells boutique hotel group since mr singleton choosing to stay at his new south wales central coast mt white stud farm . the property still holds a suburb record of $ 4.25 from 2007 , with the highest sale since then being $ 2.7 million . the property has been managed as a luxury holiday house by the bells boutique hotel group since mr singleton choosing to stay at his farm , also on the central coast . the five king sized bedrooms offer views of the beach and the neighbouring national park . the property still holds a suburb record of $ 4.25 from 2007 , with the highest sale since then being $ 2.7 million .