the televised debate between democratic candidates running for mayor of philadelphia came to a crashing halt on tuesday , when 74-year-old lynne abraham collapsed on stage . it was only 10 minutes into the hour-long debate when abraham was heard falling as senator anthony williams answered a question , and the camera panned over to see the former philadelphia district attorney lying helpless on the floor . mayoral candidate nelson diaz quickly came to abraham 's aide and helped her stand up when she regained consciousness . scroll down for video . philadelphia mayoral candidate lynne abraham ( left ) collapsed on stage 10 minutes into tuesday night 's hour-long debate between democratic candidates . the former philadelphia district attorney abraham allegedly suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure . she sat out the rest of the debate . the debate was paused as a doctor evaluated abraham backstage and told her she probably suffered from a sudden drop in blood pressure due to the unforgiving stage lights . while abraham was anxious to get back on stage and finish the debate , the doctor ordered her against returning . speaking to reporters after her fall , abraham said she was embarrassed but feeling well and that the incident wo n't impact her campaign . ' how 'd you like my opening act ? ' abraham joked to reporters . ' nothing like fainting on stage . ' speaking to reporters after the fall , abraham appeared to be in good spirits and said she would not let the incident impact her campaign . pictured on the right before speaking to reporters after the fall . describing the incident , abraham said she was on a riser when she ' leaned over to look at [ williams ] and the lights went out . ' she said she has never fainted before . ' it just happened at an inopportune time . it 's a little bit embarrassing but i fell gracefully . i did n't hurt anything i'm fine , ' she said . despite missing most of the debate , the fall appears to have had a strangely positive affect for abraham . in a poll conducted after the debate , 54 per cent of participants said they would vote for abraham in the democratic primary , scheduled for may 19 . abraham appeared to be healthy on stage just before the debate began tuesday night at philadelphia 's kimmel center . pictured on the left , next to mayor candidate nelson diaz . after abraham was taken off stage , the debate continued between the remaining candidates . from left to right : abraham , nelson diaz , jim kenney , doug oliver , milton street and senator anthony williams . that 's likely good news to her campaign managers , since abraham has been having a hard time raising enough money to compete with front-runners williams and jim kenney , according to philly.com . nbc 10 philadelphia will host two more debates between the democratic candidates before the primary next month . after abraham was taken off stage , the debate continued between remaining candidates nelson diaz , jim kenney , doug oliver , milton street and senator anthony williams .