scientists claim to have established which diets are most likely to work - and keep the weight off in the long term . from high protein to low fat , calorie counters to slimming shakes , we are bombarded by diet plans promising the holy grail of weight loss . but if you just ca n't shed the pounds - or keep them off - then help may be at hand . a landmark report claims to have established which diets are most likely to work - and keep the weight off in the long term . the us researchers say very few of these - often very expensive - weight loss plans have solid evidence to back up their claims . in fact , the results suggest only a few programmes have shown their users lose more weight than those not using them . others produce no better results than people dieting on their own or getting health information elsewhere , while some may actually be harmful to health . crucially , very few have been shown to keep the weight off permanently . but a handful - including weight watchers , the atkins diet , jenny craig and nutrisystem - do appear to be effective , according to long-term studies . the research , from johns hopkins university , was prompted by doctors seeing an increasing number of obese or overweight patients wanting to join popular slimming clubs or diet plans . the researchers say reliable proof of which ones work has become increasingly important as doctors and health bosses come under increasing pressure to tackle the obesity epidemic . to draw their conclusions , they first reviewed 4,200 studies involving these diets for solid evidence of effectiveness . however only a few dozen of the studies met the scientific gold standard of reliability - using properly controlled clinical trials . scroll down for video . because of this , they ended up examining 11 programs in detail . three 'high-intensity ' programmes were included : weight watchers , jenny craig and nutrisystem . these incorporate goal setting , self-monitoring , nutritional information and counselling . there were three very-low-calorie meal replacement programmes : hmr , medifast and optifast . five 'self-directed ' programmes , atkins , slimfast , and the internet-based biggest loser club , ediets and lose it ! , were also looked at . of the 11 plans , some were free while those that required replacement meals could cost up to between £380 ( $ 570 ) and £460 ( $ 682 ) per month . the high protein , low cab atkins diet scored well : this was because there was 'gold-standard data ' showing that people following the diet lost more weight after one year than those people either dieting on their own or getting health and diet information elsewhere . the researchers say only two programmes are supported by gold-standard data showing that enrolled dieters - on average - lost more weight after one year than those either dieting on their own or getting health and diet information elsewhere . evidence of long-term success : weight watchers , jenny craig . evidence of short-term success : nutrisystem produced more weight loss at three months than counselling or education alone , but researchers were unable to find any long-term trials . very-low-calorie meal replacement dieters lost more weight than people not using them in trials lasting 4-6 months . but the only long-term study showed no benefit from such a programme at 12 months . programmes based on the atkins diet - high in fat , low in carbohydrates - also helped people lose more weight at six months and 12 months than counseling alone and the approach ' appears promising ' . not enough evidence to judge : slim-fast and the internet-based programmes : biggest loser club , ediets and lose it ! results were generally ' modest ' , with participants losing on average between three and five per cent more weight than the studies’ control groups who did not take part . based on the analysis of the studies , jenny craig and weight watchers were backed by clinical trials that lasted 12 months or longer and showed those enrolled had a greater weight loss than those not following the plan . nutrisystem also produced more weight loss at three months than counselling or education alone , but researchers were unable to find any long-term trials of that plan . people on very-low-calorie meal replacement plans lost more weight than many other dieters in the first four to six months . but there was only one long-term study , which showed no benefit from such a programme at 12 months . but these diets also carry higher risks of complications , such as gallstones , the researchers found . programmes based on the atkins diet - high in fat , low in carbohydrates - also helped people lose more weight at six months and 12 months than counseling alone and the approach ' appears promising ' . but no definite conclusions could be made about slim-fast and the internet-based programmes , they say . jeanne clark , professor of medicine , said : ' we want people to experience the health benefits of weight loss - lower blood pressure , cholesterol and blood sugar , and lower risk of developing diseases like diabetes . people on very-low-calorie meal replacement plans lost more weight than many other dieters in the first four to six months . but there was only one long-term study , which showed no benefit from such a programme at 12 months . ' those benefits are long-term goals - so losing weight for three months , then regaining it , has limited health benefits . 'that’s why it’s important to have studies that look at weight loss at 12 months and beyond . ' dr kimberly gudzune assistant professor of medicine , added : ' clinicians could consider referring patients who are overweight or obese to weight watchers or jenny craig . ' other popular programmes , such as nutrisystem , show promising weight-loss results , but additional studies evaluating long-term outcomes are needed . ' the findings , published in the annals of internal medicine , come with a call for more rigorous tests of the programs for longer periods of time , so effectiveness can be better judged . the authors added : ' doctors need to know which programmes have rigorous trials showing they work , but they haven’t had much evidence to rely on . ' our review should give clinicians a better idea of what programmes they might consider for their patients . ' the researchers looked at the evidence for 11 different weight loss plans . weight watchers : a calorie controlled diet , which assigns every food a points value , based on its protein , carbohydrate , fat and fibre . choices that fill a person up the longest ' cost ' the least , and nutritious foods cost less than those with ' empty ' calories , such as junk food . atkins : involves limiting carbohydrates and increasing the proportion of protein and fat in the diet . designed to ' flip the body 's metabolic switch ' from burning carbs to burning fat . claims to limit blood sugar and insulin spikes , which cause hunger and cravings , and result in overeating and weight gain . jenny craig : a diet in which people are able to choose from a range of pre-packaged , microwaveable meals , which they can supplement with vegetables , wholegrains and low-fat dairy . dieters discuss meal plans with a counsellor and also have access to an advice helpline . nutrisystem : a prepaid meal plan with 28 days of meals delivered to the dieter’s door , which can be supplemented with fresh fruit and vegetables . menus provide a mix of low-glycaemic carbohydrates , fibre , and lean protein . hmr : a meal replacement system , including shakes and microwave meals , supplemented with fresh fruit and vegetables . biggest loser club : online weight loss plan linked to the brutal tv show of the same name . dieters get meal plans , online workout videos and online support . slimfast : involves substituting two daily meals with an energy-restricted replacement . products include powders , shakes , meal bars and snacks . ediets : online weight loss tool with ' a variety of digital diet plans , nutritional products and supplements to help members ' . medifast : consists of pre-planned meals which create a calorie-deficit to aid weight loss . products include shakes , smoothies , bars , crisps , cereals and soups . lose it ! helps users set a daily calorie budget , track their food intake and exercise , and ' stay motivated to make smarter choices ' . optifast : meal replacement plan including shakes , soups , bars , protein drinks and vitamin , mineral and fibre supplements . 