vaccine critic : robert f kennedy jr spoke at a documentary screening in sacramento , california on tuesday . the son of the late attorney general robert kennedy is a vaccine critic and is currently trying to stop a bill in the state that would make childhood immunizations mandatory . robert f kennedy jr sparked controversy tuesday when he compared childhood vaccinations to a holocaust . at a screening of the documentary trace amounts , the nephew of president john f kennedy spoke out against a proposed bill in california which would make childhood immunizations mandatory - no matter what their parent 's personal beliefs on the vaccines . the documentary purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among american children - despite the majority of the scientific community dismissing any connection . ' they can put anything they want in that vaccine and they have no accountability for it , ' kennedy said of the centers for disease control and prevention at the crest theater stage in sacramento . ' they get the shot , that night they have a fever of a hundred and three , they go to sleep , and three months later their brain is gone . this is a holocaust , what this is doing to our country , ' kennedy added . kennedy said that the documentary helped convince lawmakers in oregon stop a similar measure in that state , and was hoping it would have a similar effect in california . anti-vaccine advocates delivered free tickets to the screening to every california lawmaker on monday , and cordoned off three rows in the theater for them on tuesday that remained empty . unpopular opinion : the film screened on tuesday purports that there is a connection between the vaccine chemical thimerosal and autism , though it is a theory the scientific community has mostly dismissed . advocate : kennedy speaks with audience members at the crest theater in sacramento on tuesday . senate bill 277 was scheduled to have its first hearing wednesday in front of the senate health committee . if passed , the law will remove an exemption in the vaccination law that currently allows parents to cite personal beliefs in not vaccinating their children . the anti-vaccination movement has been sweeping the country , and with more parents refusing common immunizations , many long-dormant illnesses like measles and whooping cough are breaking out in schools . senator richard pan , a democrat from sacramento and a pediatrician , called kennedy 's endorsement of the anti-vaccine cause as dangerous . ' i think it is dangerous that he is spreading misinformation about something that’s very important for public health , ' senator pan told the sacramento bee . ' autism rates have continued to rise even though we are not using thimerosal in vaccines for children . we still haven’t figured out exactly what causes autism . we do know it’s not vaccines . ' 