no other scoreline could have emphasised how seriously this new arsenal team are taking their prospects of winning major trophies again . 'one-nil to the arsenal ' used to be commonplace before arsene wenger arrived and made everything more exciting , and you sensed the class of 2015 quite enjoyed travelling north and nicking the narrowest of victories at burnley with a first-half goal from aaron ramsey . it was arsenal 's eighth win in a row , their best run since the invincibles team in 2004 , and kept the pressure on chelsea , who they meet in their next league game at the emirates . only once before this season have arsenal won 1-0 but striker olivier giroud feels the hard-fought victory proved there is more to this current wenger team than pass-pass-pass and dissolve when the going gets tough . in other words , they are built to last . olivier giroud wants arsenal to continue their premier league winning streak and challenge for the title . ' you ca n't play your best football every game . we tried to be focused on not conceding and it 's one more clean sheet , ' giroud said proudly . ' as long as we were winning the game i do n't think we were in too much danger . we are really pleased . ' if we had been told we would win this game 1-0 i would have signed for it straight away . burnley played really tough against us . it was a big fight . ' we know about the record of the invincibles . it 's really good for us to be near that and i 'm really proud to take part . but we do n't want to stop here . we want to carry on and keep this good run going until the end . ' aaron ramsey 's 12th-minute strike was enough for arsenal to earn a 1-0 victory over burnley on saturday . the win was arsenal 's eighth in a row and they kept up the pressure on premier league leaders chelsea . if arsenal manage that , jose mourinho might have a far tighter finish to the title race than he could have anticipated a couple of months ago . wenger has even found his own claude makelele in 23-year-old frenchman francis coquelin who sat in front of the back-four and kept burnley 's chances to a minimum on saturday . club legend thierry henry even gave him a new nickname ' the detective ' for the way he sensed danger and snuffed it out . ' i always knew i could do a job for the team . i just needed a chance to show it , ' said coquelin , who was sent loan to charlton earlier this season . it 's ironic that having preached the beautiful game for nearly two decades wenger has finally found a couple of warriors in laurent koscielny and coquelin that hark back to the tony adams era . arsene wenger 's side face chelsea in their next home game and have an fa cup semi-final to look forward to . even if they ca n't catch chelsea this time they will fancy a proper tilt at the premier league next season and by then they might be back-to-back fa cup winners . they won the trophy last may and face reading in another semi-final at wembley on saturday . ' we have a better balance in the team , ' wenger said . ' coquelin contributes to that , hector bellerin has come into the team and big players like koscielny , giroud and ( mesut ) ozil were out for four months in the season . people forget that . ' i also have a quality bench and quality players like alex oxlade-chamberlain and mathieu debuchy who did n't travel . we have a big squad and i think we have quality . ' francis coquelin was praised for his performance in midfield with thierry henry calling him ' the detective ' . 360 - days since arsenal 's last 1-0 away win in the premier league . that was in march 2014 against tottenham when tomas rosicky scored the winner . the arsenal manager is playing down chances of overtaking chelsea : ' we have to be perfect ' – but the emirates will still be buzzing in a fortnight when the top two clash . for burnley , it will be matches against hull city , leicester city and aston villa in the next five weeks that determine their premier league survival prospects rather than this result . striker ashley barnes , who was twice denied an equaliser by goalkeeper david ospina , said : ' if we could have got something against arsenal it would have been a bonus . but we get cracking again next weekend against everton . ' the return of matt taylor as a late substitute was also a boost for the clarets . taylor has missed eight months with an achilles injury but his experience will be extremely valuable in the run-in .