three friends got the fright of their life when they were confronted by a pod of baby killer whales while on a crabbing trip . steven sloan , joined by friends michael niccum and eugene dight were on an aluminium rowboat when the encounter occurred off the west coast of anderson island , washington . filming from the boat , steven captured the orcas swimming from afar – two of them can be seen jumping from the water . at a safe distance : the group cheer in excitment as steven captures two orcas swimming and jumping from the water . the group on the boat cheer and yell in excitement at what they are witnessing as the whales appear to start moving closer to the boat . according to steven , the group believe that the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the pod to them , as its distinctive sound disturbed the whales . commenting on their approach , one of the group can be heard saying : ‘they’re probably coming to check us out . ’ the group believe that the sound of the rope being pulled along the side of the boat is what attracted the orcas . one of the group states that the orca is probably coming to check them out before it emerges from the water and gives them all a fright . before later adding : ‘ that is like 50 yards from us , ’ as the marine mammals continue to head in the direction of their boat . after suggesting that it might be a good idea to start rowing away , one of the group begins panicking and shouts : ‘ guys we need to get out of here , it’s coming right at us . ’ he then states : ‘ we need to sit down in the boat . we need to get out of here . it is probably under us . this is really dangerous , i’m scared . ’ ' we need to get out of here ' : the group panic as a killer whales approach their aluminium boat . the killer whales are videoed circling and swimming dangerously close to the tiny boat . suddenly an orca emerges from the water right beside the boat and the panicked member of the group screams in shock . meanwhile the killer whales begin circling and swimming dangerously close to and underneath the tiny boat . slightly less shocked now that the whale has made a relatively tame introduction , the group laugh nervously and begin heading back to shore . the group jokingly plead with the killer whales as the marine mammals continue to swim around the boat . the video maker captures a killer whale swimming underneath the aluminium boat in washington . on the way back they jokingly plead with the orcas , and one of them says : ‘ please don’t attack us . ’ referring to the incident on the original upload of the video , steven wrote : ‘ feel free to laugh at how i respond to a scary situation like this and enjoy the beautiful orcas at the beautiful anderson island . ’