shaquille omar hallisey ( pictured ) hit a stranger over the head with a bottle leaving his victim with a fractured skull . a thug who hit a stranger over the head with a bottle leaving his victim with a fractured skull has been jailed for four years . shaquille omar hallisey 's attack in cardiff was described by a judge as ' a savage demonstration of violence in a public place ' . the 20-year-old 's victim matthew leeke , 38 , had been out with friends and was making his way home alone when the assault took place . prosecuting counsel jeffrey jones said witnesses described seeing three males behind mr leeke in queen street . they said the trio were arguing with mr leeke . ' they heard one say `` walk away or else you are going to get hurt '' and then saw the defendant smashing a bottle over his head . ' he collapsed , hitting his head hard on the pavings and the three ran off . ' mr leeke told police he remembered someone speaking to him and then people surrounding him trying to help . cardiff crown court heard paramedics treated cuts to the back of his head and his forehead which had to be glued and stapled in hospital . he was taken by ambulance to the university hospital of wales , cardiff , and a scan showed a fracture . in a statement , he said he was now anxious to leave his house and was suffering dizziness and headaches . he said his wife and parents had also suffered a great deal of upset over what happened to him in june last year . judge philip richards acknowledged that hallisey 's guilty plea to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm had been ' brave ' but said it had been a long time coming . hallisey had been due to stand trial before he changed his plea . ' you used a bottle as a weapon to strike another man over the head and he has been profoundly affected by it , ' the judge told him . a judge at cardiff crown court ( pictured ) jailed hallisey for four years after he admitted to wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm . he also said that hallisey , of cardiff , had been the victim of violence himself when younger and now had a good partner who was standing by him . the judge said : ' i hope you resolve never to come before these courts again . ' caroline rees , for hallisey , said her client had known prison was inevitable but that he had a supportive family . ' he is normally a kind and gentle young man doing his best to live a good life against what has been a tragic background ' , she told cardiff crown .