hillary clinton ' whooped ' for joy at the birth of her granddaughter before she saw bill becoming tearful in the hospital waiting room , she has revealed . the former secretary of state gave details of her daughter 's pregnancy in a new epilogue for her memoir , hard choices , released just days before she is expected to announce her presidential run . in the new chapter , shared by the huffington post on friday , she suggested that the birth of her granddaughter made her think about the future of all children and had motivated her political plans . she explained how in 2014 , she and her husband got the ' wonderful news ' that their daughter chelsea and her investment banker husband marc mezvinsky were expecting a baby . doting : hillary clinton , pictured with her husband bill and their granddaughter charlotte after her birth last year , has said the baby girl has made her realize she has much more work to do . hillary clinton was ' unabashedly giddy ' at the news , she said . ' as the summer slipped away , i drove chelsea crazy checking in practically every hour , ' she wrote . ' how are you feeling ? any news from the doctor ? when 's it going to happen ! ' but , whereas she and bill had been disorganized ahead of the birth of chelsea , their daughter was far calmer and better prepared , she wrote . ' i remember how frazzled [ bill ] was when it was finally time to go to the hospital , ' she recalled of her own labor . ' lamaze recommended bringing a small plastic bag of ice to suck on during labor . bill ended up bringing enough to fill a thirty-nine-gallon garbage bag . it was quite a sight . ' by comparison , chelsea and marc were much more organized and prepared . ' in september , chelsea started going into labor in new york city , so they headed to the hospital to greet their first grandchild - charlotte clinton mezvinksy , who was born on september 26 . ' chelsea emerged , exhausted but glowing , ' she wrote . ' all our pent up nervous energy burst out in laughter and excited whoops , more like a couple of kids than the newly-minted grandparents we had suddenly become . ' after a while , bill and i stepped out into the hallway to let them rest . we sat quietly , holding hands , trying to process the rush of emotions . i looked over and saw a tear in bill 's eye . ' calm : in a new chapter of her book , hillary clinton said her daughter chelsea and son-in-law marc mezvinksy were far more organized and relaxed about the birth of baby charlotte than she was about chelsea . proud : she revealed that she saw tears in her husband 's eyes after the birth of baby charlotte at lenox hill hospital in new york city , pictured , last september . she is the couple 's first granddaughter . she explained that while she had been nervous about giving birth to chelsea and the impending responsibility , ' as a new grandmother ... there is nothing but joy ' . ' it 's probably the world 's best job , ' she wrote . ' i love every minute of it . ' she added that even though she has a terrible singing voice - so terrible that an 18-month-old chelsea told her to stop singing to her - she enjoys singing lullabies to baby charlotte . ' charlotte has yet to complain , ' she wrote . welcoming her granddaughter has made her want to make the world a better place for charlotte and other children , she wrote in the epilogue - hinting that she will be back in politics soon . ' becoming a grandmother has made me think deeply about the responsibility we all share as stewards of the world we inherit and will one day pass on , ' she wrote . ' rather than make me want to slow down , it has spurred me to speed up . ' nervous : she said that before the birth of chelsea , pictured together in the 1980s , she had been so nervous about being a mother but that now she finds being a grandmother is pure joy . she went on : ' in just a few months , charlotte had already helped me see the world in new ways . there was so much more to do . ' earlier this week , former president bill clinton said his granddaughter has changed his outlook in politics too - although it 's had the opposite effect . ' i 've told hillary that i do n't think i 'm good [ at campaigning ] anymore because i 'm not mad at anybody , ' he told town & country magazine . ' i 'm a grandfather , and i got to see my granddaughter last night , and i ca n't be mad . ' it followed reports that hillary has rented space for her campaign headquarters in brooklyn heights . according to reports on friday , she will announce her bid to run for president on sunday before immediately traveling to iowa and new hampshire to meet with voters .