from blasting aliens and escaping charging warlocks to bluffing on poker sites , online gaming can be intense . now there’s a mouse designed to let geeks continue their gaming adventures without working up a sweat – on their hands at least . a mouse called ventus x has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory . no sweat : now there’s a mouse designed to let geeks continue their gaming adventures without working up a sweat – on their hands at least . the venus x ( pictured ) has a built-in honeycomb grill to let the skin breathe and a rugged coating so sweaty gamers can continue to the accessory . the mouse provides ‘ enhanced modern technology and classic design that fits all gamers and bring style to gaming , ’ according to the taiwan-based firm that makes it . some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response , causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies and prepare the body for physical activity . while clicking violently may not qualify as a work out , gamers can get sweaty , and this can make their mouse slippery . game on : some realistic combat and multiplayer games tap into the body’s flight or fight response , causing adrenaline to surge through gamers’ bodies and prepare the body for physical activity , by sweating for example . here , gamer in burma concentrates hard on a game of world of warcraft . instead of fitting a miniature fan like some of its rivals , thermaltake , which produces cooling kit for computers , has designed a mouse with a matte coating or rough texture and rubber grips down its side ( pictured ) . instead of fitting a miniature fan like some of its rivals , taiwan-based thermaltake , which produces cooling kit for computers , has designed a mouse with a matte coating or rough texture and rubber grips down its side . ‘ the new ventus x was designed with a new coating that gives full comfort while in gameplay , ’ it says . this means that the tool retains its grip in the sweatiest situations , while ventilation is provided by a honeycomb grill where the hand rests on the mouse . the grille’s meant to help because sweat can evaporate faster than on a solid surface , when a user raises their hand or withdraws it , letting air to the area . like many mice designed for serious gamers , it has a laser sensor so that sensitivity can be turned up high and programmable buttons . it costs $ 50 ( £34 ) via gaming hardware websites . the grips mean that the tool does n't get slippery in the sweatiest situations , while ventilation is provided by a honeycomb grill ( pictured ) where the hand rests on the mouse . a video game fan coughed up blood and dropped dead in a chinese internet cafe last month after playing world of warcraft for 19 consecutive hours without a break . wu tai , 24 , went to the unnamed internet cafe in shanghai to play the latest installment of the role-playing fantasy game alongside other fans of the popular series . cctv footage shows him sitting in front of the computer and suddenly turning to his left to cough violently , before slumping in his chair and dying in front of shocked fellow gamers . concerned onlookers called an ambulance for mr wu , who is understood to have continued playing the video game while waiting for the paramedics , despite clearly being seriously ill . horrified fellow gamer hsin lo , 20 , said : ' i called for an ambulance while my friend went to get some help from staff . but while we waited he just died in front of us , and was nothing for the staff to do , ' mr hsin said . when medical crews arrived they tried to resuscitate mr wu but he was already dead .