remembering passwords can be a struggle . while apple offers touch id to use your fingerprint to unlock a handset , google has now released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice . known as trusted voice , it can unlock a phone simply by hearing its owner say ' ok , google ' . google has released an update to its android software allowing owners to unlock their phone with their voice . ' we 've heard from multiple users that the fully formed feature is rolling out , ' said android police . ' tapping the option under smart lock will take users to the google app 's settings . ' a warning advises that trusted voice unlocking is less secure than other options , but just a couple taps and you 'll be able to unlock and execute commands on your secured device by simply uttering ' ok google . '' however , even google admits the feature is not as secure as other password options . the popup when you enable ' trusted voice ' warns that the feature is not as secure as a traditional lock screen and that ' someone with a similar voice could unlock your device . ' google also offers an alternative way to unlock an android phone - and it involves using your face . the face unlock feature was originally introduced in 2011 as part of android 4.0 , also known as ice cream sandwich , but despite this , it is still a relatively unknown tool . it can recognise a person 's face and recent updates mean it can even establish whether or not the face being shown to the camera is real , or is a photograph . the voice unlock feature has not been officially announced by google , but has begun to appear on some android handsets . to set up face unlock , people with android phones running ice cream sandwich or higher can go to settings , security , click on screen lock and select face unlock . the set-up wizard will then ask the user to take a photo of their face , using the device 's front-facing camera . it will also advise if the lighting or positioning is n't clear enough . once a photograph is taken it is stored in an encrypted file and each time a person wants to unlock their phone with their face , the android system will cross-reference the image with this original photograph . to set up face unlock , people with android phones running ice cream sandwich or higher can go to settings , security , click on screen lock and select face unlock . the set-up wizard will then ask the user to take a photo of their face , using the device 's front-facing camera . it will also advise if the lighting or positioning is n't clear enough . once a photograph is taken it is stored in an encrypted file and each time a person wants to unlock their phone with their face , the android system will cross-reference the image with this original photograph . as a backup , users need to additionally set up a screen lock pattern or pin , in case the camera breaks or fails to recognise their face . this can happen in poor lighting , for example . as a backup , users need to additionally set up a screen lock pattern or pin , in case the camera breaks or fails to recognise their face . this can happen in poor lighting , for example . when google launched face unlock it was criticised by security experts because it could be bypassed by holding static photos up to the phone or tablet 's camera . in the update to android jelly bean in july 2012 , google added a ' liveness ' check in an attempt to prevent these static images being used to gain access to devices . this meant a user would have to blink while using face unlock to prove they were alive . google already lets its users enable two-step verification for their online accounts , and offers face unlock on android . with face unlock , pictured , android users can use their face to unlock their smartphone or tablet , in place of a pin or a pattern . a number of nexus 5 users reported problems with the face unlock feature when the phone launched earlier this year , but google has said that these bugs should be fixed with the introduction of android 4.4 kitkat . the expression would then be scanned and compared to a previously captured photo to confirm the user 's identity . the patent explains there would be a small margin of error but the user 's expression would have to match the original photo as closely as possible . it is likely this feature may appear in future versions of the android operating system , although a precise release date has n't been announced .