a boldfaced student at mississippi state , who refused to go hungry during his college lecture , brought a george foreman grill to class and proceeded to cook bacon for his sandwich - while sitting in the front row of his class . roman ehrhardt became an internet sensation after one of his classmates shared a hilarious photo of him grilling his lunch in class - however according to a buzzfeed community posting , the senior communications major was actually completing project , in which had to violate a societal norm . but that did n't stop his unknowing peers from relishing in his outrageous act . 'y'all this guy is making a sandwich with a george foreman in class . # hailstate [ sic ] , ' britt reynolds tweeted on monday while sharing a photo of roman grilling his food . hilarious stunt : britt reynolds shared this photo of her classmate roman ehrhardt grilling bacon on a george foreman during class on monday . classroom experiment : roman ( pictured ) was secretly completing a project , in which he had to violate a societal norm . the candid snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted , with many commenting on how roman is their hero . while one twitter user called him a ' future leader ' , another applauded him for his ' progressive thinking ' . and one student branded roman the real life jeff spicoli , a character who battled his uptight history teacher mr hand by having pizza delivered to his classroom in the in the classic 1982 film fast times at ridgemont high . ' @ brittkelso that dude is jeff spicoli x 10 . too bad mr. hand was not instructing [ sic ] , ' he joked . money 's worth : the college senior shared this photo after he used the grill at his lecture , tweeting : ' the george foreman that started it all ' . american icon : the snapshot has been retweeted nearly 1,000 times since it was posted , with many people calling roman a ' hero ' for his brazen actions . britt continued to live tweet the moment , writing : ' the whole room smells like bacon now and i could n't be more happy [ sic ] . ' although megan pickle tweeted her to ask if roman was making food for a ' speech or presentation ' , britt told it was ' neither ' . ' i 've never even met him and i could n't be more proud to be his classmate , ' britt added . meanwhile , another student joked about the professor 's reaction , commenting : ' i bet john nicholson had a field day with that ' , with britt adding that her teacher 's ' balding head was smiling from ear to ear the whole time ' . but that 's because he was in on the joke . no manners : karen howell tweeted that roman was being ' inappropriate ' - which was actually the point . great idea : patrick netherton lauded roman for his ingenuity . get it right : david covuccu commented that roman was actually making a pannini - not a sandwich . a week before , roman asked dr nicholson , his introduction to communication theory professor , if he could pull the stunt in class after a friend suggested that he go all out for his project . not only did the teacher agree , he helped roman with the small details . two days after his project was competed , roman took to twitter to share a link to the ' real story ' , which was posted on buzzfeed . and although he is n't quite the bold hero his fellow classmates made him out to be , he seems to be enjoying his newfound celebrity status . roman has changed his twitter bio so that it now reads : ' here for the love who saved me . be it through music and people ! and i 'm the george foreman guy . # unashamed # free [ sic ] . ' this twitter user compared roman to jeff spicoli , a character who waged war with his high school history teacher in the 1982 film fast times at ridgemont high . movie inspiration : jeff spicoli ( sean penn ) had pizza delivered to his history class ( pictured ) in the classic film . roman chose a george foreman grill like this one to complete his project . the grill systems range from $ 29 to $ 130 depending on the size and model .