imagine if raheem sterling had actually done something wrong . imagine if he had not turned up for training . imagine if he had refused to play . imagine if he had gone on strike . imagine , even , if he had asked for a transfer away from liverpool . imagine the opprobrium that would have been heaped upon him then . because as it is , he has been labelled an ingrate and a fool . he has been called avaricious , capricious , disloyal and impressionable . he is in thrall , it is said , to a man portrayed as his iago of an agent . sterling’s ability has been questioned and his contribution to liverpool has been mocked . his character has been traduced and scorn has been poured upon the notion that he will ever amount to anything . for what crime exactly ? well , to be honest , it’s hard to say . raheem sterling winces during liverpool 's 4-1 defeat at arsenal to complete a tough week for the 20-year-old . brendan rodgers takes a deep breath as he watches his side succumb to their worst defeat of the season . sterling is fouled by hector bellerin as liverpool earn a penalty which was converted by jordan henderson . ok , so he has not signed the lucrative new contract that the club have put in front of him . not yet , anyway . given that he has more than two years left on his existing one , that is hardly a heinous act or a trigger for angst . he wants to wait to the end of the season , he says . so let him . he gave an interview to the bbc that he had not cleared with the club . not particularly clever , admittedly . and , yes , the reference to being ‘flattered’ by arsenal’s interest , particularly coming a couple of days before the clash between the two teams at the emirates , was naïve . but the content of what he said was hardly incendiary . it amounted to a softly-spoken plea for time and space . sterling is not the kind of person to shout the odds . maybe he wants a little while to make up his mind . that’s not what liverpool fans want to hear but it happens . it’s life . people consider their options . it’s their right . for what it’s worth , i hope sterling stays at anfield . i hope that sooner or later , he signs that new contract , or perhaps an improved version of it . at this stage of his career , leaving liverpool is fraught with unnecessary risks . liverpool are a great club and they are on the rise again . they are staffed by good , intelligent , forward-thinking football people . and i can’t think of any better manager than brendan rodgers under whom sterling should continue the process of maturing into one of europe’s best players . the 20-year-old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday , giving his opinion on a variety of matters . brendan rodgers called the interview ' a mistake ' and shakes hands with his protege the day after its airing . sterling 's agent aidy ward is pictured sat next to saido berahino ( centre ) at old trafford . but none of that means i haven’t found the virulence of the reaction to sterling’s refusal to sign immediately on the dotted line somewhat startling . the kid is only 20 . give him a break . this is , after all , an old storyline . we talk about loyalty in football as if it is a one-way street . we only apply it to footballers , not to clubs . clubs generally have very little loyalty to players . they treat them as commodities . or ‘ expensive pieces of meat’ , as roy keane would have it . and we don’t blink an eye . they pay the players well when they are worth something to them . they pay them to entertain their fans . and to sell season tickets . and to allow them to keep harvesting the vast amounts of premier league television income flooding into their coffers . and to lift them into the champions league , where they accrue even more cash . for the club owners , for the men who pay the wages , the relationship with a player is a business transaction . and when the player stops playing as well as he used to , when he loses his form or when he grows older and slower , or when they want to replace him with another player , they get rid of him . rodgers remains confident that sterling will stay and the situation will be resolved in the summer . it’s about money . it’s that way at manchester united and at manchester city . it’s that way at arsenal and at chelsea . and it’s that way at liverpool , too . it’s the way it is and none of us question it . not really . and yet we do not apply the same standards to players . we expect hard-headed business sense from the clubs but we demand that any nod to rationality is cast away when it comes to the time when players make decisions about their future . in its stead , we demand sentimental attachment from the players to override everything . we are terribly old-fashioned about it . the players should be grateful , we seem to be saying , because jimmy hill got the maximum wage abolished in 1961 . there are a few , at least , who see the contradictions in that stance . ‘ raheem sterling is fully entitled to make his own mind up , ’ gary lineker wrote on twitter . ‘ make choices that will prove to be right or wrong . it’s his life , his career . ’ lineker is right . i hope sterling stays at liverpool but if he asks for time to think before he commits himself , it is absurdly unjust that he should be pilloried for it . black managers always get the worst jobs . if you are an aspiring manager in english football and you are black , you get used to one thing : when an opportunity comes your way , it’s going to be the managerial equivalent of a hospital pass . sorry , but it’s true . with a few exceptions , you don’t get the better opportunities . you get the football version of mopping up the toilets . chris ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , is a classic example . ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs . he took the qpr position after harry redknapp , a talented , experienced manager with a good track record of rescuing clubs in trouble , saw the writing on the wall and got out . ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and , guess what , it has not been an easy job to refloat it . before the victory at west brom , qpr were sliding deeper into trouble and there were already those seeking to blame it on ramsey . chris ramsey ( right ) and kevin hitchcock watch qpr hammer west brom to keep their survival hopes alive . john barnes ' troubled reign at celtic ended after an infamous scottish cup defeat by inverness caley thistle . just as predictably , there were also those saying ramsey’s struggles were an indication black managers tend to fail on the rare occasions they are given a chance . if ramsey is sacked , people will say it was about results , not race . and they will be wrong . because race was why he had to take the job in the first place . people tend not to like inconvenient truths about why there are so few black managers in the english game . some got angry again when john barnes suggested a manager on a bad run will get sacked sooner if he’s black . he was right . the fact ramsey has been labouring to turn things around at qpr does not mean he is not a good manager . it just means that when your only chance in the game is to accept a hospital pass , the odds are you’re going to get hurt . it was my first visit to the juventus stadium on tuesday and it was hard not to be impressed by the arena’s steep sides , excellent facilities , spectacular location and fine atmosphere . it was also hard not to notice that at a stadium with a capacity of just 41,000 , there were 10,000 empty seats for a friendly against another major footballing nation . the juventus stadium is a magnificent venue , but fans stayed away from the midweek international friendly . a fan takes a selfie in the midst of a sea of empty seats in turin with only 31,138 watching the game . england played to a crowd of 83,671 as they cruised past european lightweights lithuania 4-0 at wembley . a few days earlier , more than 83,000 fans had packed into wembley for england’s euro 2016 qualifier against lithuania . english football might have plenty of problems but the loyalty of its supporters is not one of them .