anyone who has seen the lion king will surely agree that it contains one of the most tear-jerking scenes in all of disney history . and for one little girl , whose crestfallen reaction as she witnessed it for the first time was captured on camera by her father , it proved almost too much to bear . shot by adoring dad , called barles charkley on the site , who is based in baltimore , maryland , the video stars his toddler daughter viktoria , as she comes to terms with the tragedy that is the death of simba the lion 's father , mufasa . tear-jerker : viktoria 's crestfallen reaction ( pictured ) as she witnessed a sad scene from disney 's the lion king for the first time was captured on camera by her father barles charkley . mr charkley posted the brief video , which has so far garnered more than four million views , to his facebook page on saturday . it 's captioned : ' viktoria watching lion king for the first time , and scar just killed mufasa ! ' he then urges viewers to ' check out ' her reaction . the little girl is seated hunched up on the sofa gazing at the screen , and as the mournful music rolls in - a score composed by hollywood heavyweight hans zimmer - her bottom lip trembles . the tot then appears to brush away a tear as the emotional scene progresses , before gathering her blanket up around her shoulders in speechless despair . ' are you sad ? mufasa died ? ' mr charkley can be heard inquiring . the fragile toddler shakes her head repeatedly as her eyes fill with tears . ' you want a hug ? ' he persists , to which his viktoria nods her head and makes her way dejectedly over to where he is sitting as the footage ends . waterworks : viktoria is seated hunched up on the sofa gazing at the screen , and as the mournful music rolls in - a score composed by hollywood heavyweight hans zimmer - her bottom lip trembles . the lion king was released in 1994 to rave reviews , and won two oscars . it later became the highest-grossing hand-drawn animated film in history . the scene in question , which sees mufasa murdered by his evil brother scar leaving simba fatherless , is generally considered to be one of disney 's most haunting spectacles . other top contenders include the scene in 1942 hit bambi where the deer loses his parents , and one in 1941 's dumbo , where the baby elephant visits his mother in jail . chills : the scene in question ( pictured ) , which sees mufasa murdered by his evil brother scar leaving simba fatherless , is generally considered to be one of disney 's most haunting spectacles . 