disbelief . that’s what you feel when you meet a rhino in the wild . you just can’t come to terms with the fact that you and he are sharing the same air , the same continent , the same century . i’ve had close-up experience with three of the world’s five surviving species of rhino : the white rhino looks like the main battle tank of an extra-terrestrial army , while the black is more like a hot-rod armoured car . the greater one-horned rhino , meanwhile , sometimes called the indian rhino , looks as if it’s been riveted together from pieces of boiler-plate . surely they can’t be real . you feel as if you’ve slipped back into the jurassic era and were looking at some great horned dinosaur , for they couldn’t possibly be part of the 21st century . it’s as if the creatures of the past had suddenly invaded the present , as if the lost world of sir arthur conan doyle had been found again . scroll down for video . guarded : a four man team of armed guards now protects sudan the northern white rhino who is the last male of his species . but then you think : hang on a minute . these rhinos are nothing to do with dinosaurs or with any vanished world . they’re mammals , just like you and me , and they’re as admirably adapted for the current century as we are . they’re as modern as a child born yesterday : part of our present , not part of our past . yes , give them a fair crack of the whip and they’d be as successful as any of the big creatures we have left on our planet , for in many countries the wild places they depend on are still in fine shape and perfectly capable of supporting any number of rhinos . so why are we running out of them ? why does the last surviving male of the northern sub-species of the white rhino now live under a 24-hour guard ? why has he been stripped of his horn ? why is it that we seem to be on the brink of losing an entire race of rhinos ? threatened : sudan is the target of poachers looking to sell rhino horn which can make up to £47,000 a kilo . this is the lonely rhino , known as sudan , guarded day and night by rangers who risk their own lives as they try to keep him from poachers . even without his horn , his keepers in the kenyan reserve of ol pejeta fear for his safety . it seems like madness —because it is madness . a rhino’s horn is made from keratin , the same stuff as fingernails . you could collect your nail clippings and try to sell them , claiming that they were magic and capable of curing all kinds of things . you could try selling your keratin at £47,000 a kilo . you probably wouldn’t find many takers , but it’s no more absurd than selling rhino horn for the same purposes and price . people will pay an absurd amount for an absurd product because of an absurd belief : that rhino horn is the most wonderful kind of medicine . today , the wildlife business — including the sale of rhino horn — represents the third-largest illegal trade in the world , after arms and drugs . it offers a considerable opportunity for criminals , because the authorities don’t enforce the laws against it with anything like the same seriousness as they do with weapons and narcotics . and there is huge — and growing — demand . in 2007 , 13 rhinos were poached and killed in south africa . the horns were removed and they were sold on the asian medicine market . dangerous : the rangers are aware they are risking their lives to protect the enormous animal . failure : but attempts at breeding have been unsuccessful - and sudan is now getting old . last year in south africa 1,215 rhinos were poached and killed . that’s one every eight hours . we’re running out of rhinos . the massacre is taking place across africa and into asia . it’s driven by money , and the more horn costs the more desirable the stuff becomes . prestige , status , vanity and belief in magic drive the trade in rhino horn . the fact that it’s useless for anyone but a rhino has no bearing on demand . rhino horn has for centuries been part of traditional chinese medicine , and it’s used to treat disorders of the blood . it’s never been used as an aphrodisiac : that’s a fantasy from bewildered westerners . increasing prosperity in china has led to higher demand . but as the south african poaching figures show , the market has jumped from steady but borderline sustainable to completely crazy , which has put rhinos on the fast-track to extinction . that’s largely because of the entry of a new player : vietnam . the country’s new wealth has kick-started a craze for rhino horn . they take a much more free and easy attitude to its powers there : it’s regarded as a cure for cancer , and it’s also used a pick-me-up after a big night . the effects of a powerful hangover can , people believe , be controlled — all it takes is one very rich man and one very dead rhino . can the trade possibly be stopped ? there are two ways of doing so : policing the poaching , smuggling and sale with more commitment , and reducing the demand in the places where people buy the stuff . in 2012 , the south african and vietnamese governments signed a memorandum of understanding , agreeing to work with closer co-operation to stop the trade . you can see how well that’s worked . in vietnam a non-governmental organisation called education for nature in vietnam ( env ) is trying to make rhino horn uncool . it has a public service announcement with vietnam’s great singing diva , hong nhung , standing by a poached and dehorned corpse telling the vietnamese not to use rhino horn . and in another sequence , a comedian plays a rich man trying to impress the girls with his hideously expensive chunk of horn . the most beautiful girl says : ‘ it impresses no one , especially not me . ’ env runs a hotline for information about rhino horn use and a database . it also has good contacts in government and works on policy . the organisation has plenty of young volunteers and a good deal of their work is making rhino horn unthinkable for the next generation . it gets some of its funding from the excellent london-based organisation save the rhino — of which i’m a patron . extreme measures : rangers have even cut off the rhino 's horn - but they fear it wo n't be enough . hungry : feeding time in sudan 's enclosure - he spent most of his life in a czech zoo . there are also many good projects for rhino conservation in africa and across the world . the luangwa valley in zambia once held 4,000 black rhinos : they were poached out over 20 years and declared extinct in zambia in 1998 . five years later , a project to release captive-bred black rhinos began : there are now 34 roaming free in the valley . most problems with conservation come from the rising human population , and with it , the destruction of habitat . in so many parts of the world , we are running out of room . but there’s plenty of room left for rhinos in africa . conserving rhinos should be easy , yet they’re going extinct not because of overcrowding but from human folly . rhinos are being killed because of belief in a discredited form of magic and the simple love of showing off . and yet you can go out into the wild areas of the world , especially in africa , and still get close to these vast beasts . i once spent a day in zimbabwe tracking a big male black rhino on foot and when at last we found him it seemed this might have been a mistake . there he was , 20 yards away , looking at me looking at him . one of those moments of eternity . but after a while he relaxed and got on with his life , snacking on bushes . big solid , fast and armed with that wonderful great bodger on his bonce , he’s a modern creature fully equipped for the modern world , if only we’d let him get on with it . but we’re killing him off with money , greed , political inertia , incompetent policing , superstition and deadly vanity . so , a suggestion if you happen to be suffering from a hangover and wish to cure it . try biting your nails . it’s every bit as effective as a dead rhino . 