robert kirkland died on saturday morning in union city , tennessee , from kidney failure complications . an entrepreneur and philanthropist who built a national chain of home decor stores and donated $ 100million has died at age 77 . robert kirkland , who founded the home decor store that bears his last name , died on saturday morning in union city , tennessee , from complications stemming from kidney failure . kirkland , who founded kirkland 's home decor stores with his cousin carl in 1966 , donated the money to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in tennessee . kirkland 's expanded into a chain of more than 300 locations in 35 states . his son chris said : ' he was a man who loved learning and was always curious about how things worked . ' discovery park was really an extension of that curiosity and wanting to instill in children and adults a continued craving for knowledge and understanding . ' a memorial service is scheduled for wednesday at discovery park , which will be closed to the general public on that day . kirkland , who founded the home decor stores with his cousin carl in 1966 , expanded the chain exponentially . he donated millions to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist spot in tennessee . kirkland was born in newberry , south carolina , but he lived in union city for much of his life . he grew up the son of retailers who owned and operated a ben franklin five and dime store . the kirkland cousins also founded cbk ltd , which shipped gift and home decor items to customers around the world from a distribution center in union city , population 11,000 . by the late 1990s , robert kirkland and his wife jenny had sold their business holdings and began to concentrate on philanthropic efforts through the robert e and jenny d kirkland foundation . one of those projects was discovery park of america , which opened in 2013 . housed in a futuristic-looking , gleaming-white structure built in a rural field in union city , discovery park has exhibits about natural and regional history , dinosaurs , native americans , energy , transportation , science , the military and space flight . an earthquake simulator causes the floor to tremble , a 120-foot glass observation tower offers stunning views and a 50-foot metal replica of the human body includes a 32-foot slide . the 50-acre complex also boasts an old train depot , a century-old church , a rotating grist mill , antique tractors , log cabins and flower gardens . discovery park attracted about 300,000 visitors in its first year and it continues to add exhibits and attractions on the strength of kirkland 's $ 100 million donation . discovery park of america opened in 2013 and is housed in a futuristic-looking structure in a field in union city .