four koalas travelling to singapore have been given a quick taste of qantas ' business class services and it was equipped with fresh eucalyptus leaves . paddle , pellita , chan and idalia have been sent from australia as a gift to mark singapore 's 50th anniversary of independence . the furry friends were photographed chomping on some leaves and being served some refreshments before departing on their big journey on monday . qantas have released photos of koalas in business class being served refreshments and eucalyptus leaves . the four koalas are being gifted to singapore to mark their 50th anniversary of independence . julie bishop announced this gift on thursday and even got up close and personal with the cuddly creatures . while not actually travelling among the elite , the animals are still being treated as premium passengers in specially built containers fit with a eucalyptus tree and climate control . according to channel news asia , the koalas will be on loan to singapore for six months at a purpose-built enclosure in singapore zoo . the move will then be made permanent after their enclosure is completed . julie bishop announced this special gift on thursday and even got up close and personal with the cuddly creatures at brisbane 's lone pine sanctuary . ' i ca n't think of a better way to express our friendship , our partnership , the depth of relationship , ' she said . paddle , pellita , chan and idalia have been sent from brisbane 's lone pine sanctuary as a gift tosingapore . the lone pine sanctuary in brisbane is the world 's biggest koala sanctuary with over 130 of the creatures . the loan symbolises the relationship between australia and singapore , with the official handover being in may . the koala loan aims to symbolise the relationship between australia and singapore and ms bishop will officially hand over the animals during her visit in may . the lone pine sanctuary in brisbane is the world 's first and biggest koala sanctuary and contains over 130 of the creatures . according to the strait times , the koalas will be able to be visited in late may , after they have undergone necessary quarantine practices and have settled into their new enclosure .   