chelsea manager jose mourinho said he was unfazed by his side 's staggeringly low possession stat during the 1-0 win over manchester united and all that mattered to him was achieving a positive result . the blues , who secured victory through forward eden hazard 's first-half strike , held the ball for just 29 per cent of the match at stamford bridge - their lowest total over 90 minutes since opta started recording this sort of data in 2006 . united were also able to string together over 400 more successful passes than the home side . mourinho , though , insisted that his team 's priority was to win the game and not concern themselves with statistics . presented with united 's dominance of possession , the portuguese responded passionately . chelsea manager jose mourinho says he is unconcerned by statistics and only cares about getting results . mourinho gestures on the touchline as he watches his side beat manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge . chelsea forward eden hazard ( left ) dribbles with the ball ahead of manchester untied 's wayne rooney ( right ) . hazard celebrates scoring the only goal against manchester united as chelsea edge towards the league title . ' they could have 99 ( per cent ) . it was no problem , ' he said . ' when you decide to play the game strategically , you do n't care about stats , you just care about the points . ' with chelsea 's last seven league victories all coming by a single goal margin , it would be hard to argue mourinho is anything but sincere . he continued : ' we were very well prepared for this game . we were able to make some of their important players disappear . ' indeed , mourinho 's bold decision to play kurt zouma in an enforcing midfield role really paid off to stifle united 's attack . chelsea 's win over the red devils sees them extend their lead at the top of the premier league table to 10 points . mourinho 's men could wrap up the title as early as april 29 , should they win their next two games against arsenal and leicester city . chelsea have not won the premier league since 2010 under former boss carlo ancelotti , but given their lead at the top and with only six games left to go , it would take a brave man to bet against them missing out this term . hazard , in particular , has impressed for the blues throughout the campaign and is being hotly tipped to win the pfa player of the year award . mourinho 's decision to play kurt zouma ( right ) in midfield helped chelsea to secure a win over united . hazard ( right ) jumps for the ball ahead of untied defender tyler blackett ( left ) during the 1-0 win on saturday .