harper lee was not manipulated into publishing her sequel to to kill a mockingbird , and is not an elder abuse victim , according to an official probe . state authorities were suspicious that the 88-year-old author , who is reportedly deaf and blind , was somehow pushed into publishing the forthcoming go set a watchman , and launched two investigations into the circumstances surrounding the launch . many feared outside influences were at play as lee , who lives in an nursing home in monroeville , alabama , had said for decades she wanted to kill a mockingbird to be her only published novel . scroll down for video . of sound mind : investigators concluded that harper lee , pictured above in 2009 , is in a fit state to make decisions about the future of the forthcoming novel go set a watchman . officials at the state 's department of human resources confirmed monday that their investigation had been completely closed . earlier alabama 's securities commission had sent an investigator to speak with her , and said that she answered their questions well enough to convince them she made her own decision , and knew what was happening with her book . the dhr investigation remained open for a time , but spokesman barry spear has confirmed that they are now also satisfied that nothing is amiss . earlier suspicions had in part been fired by the fact that lee 's attorneys had announced the release , due in july , and that publishing house harpercollins had not had any direct contact with her . elderly : lee lives in this nursing home in monroeville , alabama , and has reportedly been deaf and blind since 2007 . bobby segall , a lawyer representing lee 's attorney tonja carter , confirmed monday that they received a letter saying that dhr was closing the investigation with no findings . harpercollins has announced a july 14 release date for go set a watchman , and will print an initial run of 2million copies . the book is high on amazon 's best-seller list despite some concerns about the novel , which lee wrote before to kill a mockingbird . lee had long expressed that she 's happy to have 1960 's mockingbird ' - which won a pulitzer , was adapted into a movie and sold more than 40 million copies worldwide - as her only published book . go set a watchman , a 304-page novel , is a sequel to to kill a mockingbird , although lee actually wrote it in the mid-1950s , before mockingbird . old and new : go set a watchman is a sequel to to kill a mockingbird - though lee actually wrote it before the best-selling novel which secured her reputation . the new novel will feature scout , mockigbird 's protagonist , as an adult woman returning to maycomb , alabama from new york city 20 years after the events of to kill a mockingbird . lee thought she had lost the novel 's manuscript - but her attorney tonja carter found it recently . a statement from lee , released by harpercollins , said : ' in the mid-1950s , i completed a novel called go set a watchman . ' it features the character known as scout as an adult woman , and i thought it a pretty decent effort . my editor , who was taken by the flashbacks to scout 's childhood , persuaded me to write a novel ( what became ' to kill a mockingbird ' ) from the point of view of the young scout . ' i was a first-time writer , so i did as i was told . i had n't realized it ( the original book ) had survived , so was surprised and delighted when my dear friend and lawyer tonja carter discovered it . not happy to see him : reporter connor sheets received this blunt , handwritten ' go away ! ' from harper lee when he asked her repeatedly for an interview . ' after much thought and hesitation , i shared it with a handful of people i trust and was pleased to hear that they considered it worthy of publication . i am humbled and amazed that this will now be published after all these years . ' according to publisher harper , carter came upon the manuscript at a ' secure location where it had been affixed to an original typescript of to kill a mockingbird . ' lee has refused to comment further on the novel , helping fire suspicions about her mental state . one alabamian reporter who tried for two weeks to secure an interview was eventually rewarded with a hand-written note . it read : ' go away ! harper lee . ' 