the crew of a replica pirate schooner were forced to abandon ship after their vessel lost power in rough seas off the coast of maine . nine members of the liana 's ransom were scooped up by coast guard life boats on tuesday , leaving the canadian charter ship adrift 30 miles east of portland , coast guard officials said . the tall ship reported having issues with the engines around 12.35 a.m. on monday , and said the sails had become wrapped around the mast . scroll down for video . mid-sea rescue : coast guard life boats facilitated a rescue of crew members from the liana 's ransom , who had to leap from the replica schooner . two lifeboat crews were dispatched from gloucester , massachusetts , to try and tow the vessel to shore , but 10-foot swells caused a tow line to break . the crew was ordered to put on immersion suits and abandon the schooner , according to a press release from the coast guard . in a video of the rescue , a man in a jacket successfully makes the jump from the liana 's ransom to the lifeboat as the two ships pitch in the rough seas . cbs reports crew member luke arbuckle came up short while attempting to make the jump to the coast guard ship . ' apparently the ship separated just as i jumped over , and i ended up in the water , ' arbuckle said . arbuckle 's forehead struck the side of the boat while jumping , and he was rescued and transported by a coast guard helicopter to the hospital , where he was treated and later released . safe and sound : the crew was reportedly dehydrated and seasick after being caught in choppy weather early monday morning . pulled out : crew member luke arbuckle shorted the jump as the two boats tilted away from each other and struck his head against the boat before being airlifted to the hospital . ahoy : the 85-foot-long ship was on its way to st maarten in the caribbean with nine crew members on its first voyage of the season . the 24-year-old captain of the liana 's ransom , ryan tilley , was the last crew member to depart the drifting ship , his father , joseph tilley , wrote on the ship 's facebook page . ' seeing the ship crippled , damaged and left floating there as we motored away with the coast guard was probably one of the worst moments of my life , but you have to put lives first , ' ryan told wcvb . the boat was towed to kittery point yacht yard in eliot , massachusetts , on tuesday evening where it will be repaired . the ship 's website states the vessel was on its way to st maarten , which was to be its new home port , when it lost engine power . the schooner , which has a 70-passenger capacity , was built to resemble ships used by privateers and pirates in the 1700s and is equipped with replica black powder cannons , according to the site .  