momentarily , he looked his age . having struck his second shot 163 yards to within six feet of the pin , jordan spieth stood over his ball on the 18th green . history was assured . he wasn’t going to three-putt from there , so whatever happened this would be the lowest 36-hole score in the history of the masters . he wanted it to be more than that , though . the best it could be . the exuberance of youth was kicking in . spieth missed . for the first time around augusta , he made a mild mis-step . he wheeled away , hopped a little , almost coltish in his frustration . he marched back to his ball , prepared to tap it in . except it wasn’t a real tap-in . there was a bit still to do . and at that point , spieth checked . he stepped away . he marked his ball . he let henrik stenson play . he did the sensible thing . spieth always does the sensible thing . that is part of his wonder . jordan spieth walks off the 18th after carding a 66 to finish 36 holes at a 14-under 130 . spieth leads charley hoffman by five strokes , matching the largest halfway lead in masters history . some might think that makes him boring . it doesn’t make him boring . to shoot 14 under , the lowest two-round score at augusta , and equal to the best 36-hole score recorded at a major championship , isn’t boring . we may be watching a sporting phenomenon . a performance as breathtaking as tiger woods’s arrival in 1997 . there will come a time when such comparisons no longer seem like hyperbole . if spieth repeats his achievement at the hero world challenge in florida last year , perhaps , when he led from wire to wire and recorded a score of 26 under par . those numbers are unlikely though . as the tournament committee set out ever more fiendish pin placements in the next two days to preserve the dignity of the famous greenery , his scores are bound to fall . against that , it will be a lot harder to chase spieth’s total than just maintain it . modern courses have , of course , been tiger-proofed before — but in the short term augusta may need to be spieth-proofed , too , if his scoring stays stable . this was his sixth round as a professional here and his worst score is level par . he has been in the top three players in five of those six , too . ‘ i was a bit out of my comfort zone , at the moment on the 18th , ’ spieth confirmed . ‘ i was going to have to work around henrik’s line — and i just thought if i step away i am definitely going to make this putt , so that was the only way i could miss . ‘ i have to work to control those things the next two days . if i can shoot 14 under then a lot of other players could shoot 14 under , so i have to be ready for that and to match their scores now . the stress levels can get pretty high . still , it’s pretty cool any time you can lead the masters and to set a record is awesome . ’ spieth broke raymond floyd 's 36-hole scoring record by a stroke and blitzed the first 36 holes . at the age of 21 and playing in his second masters , spieth looks in complete control . billy horschel , spieth’s playing partner , had wished for an imaginary tape recorder at the end of the first day . horschel deadpanned that he needed a device that replayed the message ‘ nice hole , jordan’ as they stood on every tee . nothing changed overnight . many had augusta pegged as the venue where rory mcilroy would complete his personal grand slam in 2015 ; instead , this masters may go down as the moment where he was placed in the threatening shadow of a young texan gunslinger , now in the vanguard of an american revival . up ahead of spieth , ernie els laboured valiantly to stay in touch . it was a salutary reminder of the need for good timing in any sporting career . at the age of 25 , as mcilroy is now , els won his first major , the 1994 us open . he was considered capable of dominating the sport for the next decade , and he won it again in 1997 . by that time , however , a 21-year-old called tiger woods had announced his arrival at the 1997 masters . the era of els never materialised . mcilroy may have achieved more and younger than els , and spieth may not be the ice-cold winning machine woods was at his age — but he has done a damn good impression of one over the first two days . already in the record books , spieth has many more landmarks in sight these next two days . the record for birdies here stands at 25 from phil mickelson ; spieth already has 15 . his course management was outstanding . spieth took augusta on , yet remained entirely in control . it helps that he is exceptional , yet strangely unspectacular . as graeme mcdowell pointed out recently there are better drivers , better chippers , better putters — and the statistics bear this out — but none who do all three as well as spieth . he might not have the best game ; but he has the most complete . there were tiny aberrations — he found the pine straw twice on the back nine — but they were rare . most of the time , he was consistency personified , picking out the best line , the best lie , the most advantageous position on the green . when he dallied with a bunker on the par-five eighth , his third shot was so perfect that he sunk a two-foot putt for birdie . spieth made 15 birdies through two rounds as he blazed his way around the augusta fairways and greens . the young texan pumps a fist to celebrate a birdie on the 13th during his sensational round . ‘ that was special , even for you , ’ said horschel’s caddie micah fugitt . it was a masterful display , the work of a wise head not a callow college boy . it isn’t just that spieth doesn’t think like a 21-year-old . at the 15th , a par five and a good birdie opportunity , he sensibly laid up , and then made four . even when he missed , he missed cute . he has absorbed a lot from his mentor ben crenshaw , a fellow texan and augusta expert . asked about ‘ben’s advice’ on thursday , spieth sweetly replied : ‘ do you mean mr crenshaw ? ’ there wasn’t a hint of irony in his response . had he stayed in school , he would be studying for his finals right now . instead he is fast approaching £10m in career earnings and on the brink of a first major . the next tiger ? that is a heap of pressure to drop on young shoulders . the idea that mcilroy is without a serious challenger has been truly debunked . when spieth shot 63 to win the australian open at royal sydney , the conditions were windy and inhospitable . mcilroy said he could have played the course a hundred times in those circumstances and not made spieth’s score . geoff ogilvy claimed it may well have been the finest 18 holes of golf seen in australia . where do spieth’s first 36 holes stand in the annals at augusta ? ray floyd played the previous best 36 holes — 13 under par — in 1976 . spieth now has that record , as well as that of the youngest player to hold the 18-hole lead . like mcilroy’s us open victory at congressional in 2011 this could see a grand rewriting of the record books . he has barely put a foot wrong . nice hole , jordan ? seriously , dude , name one that wasn’t . spieth recovers from among the trees at 13 , and his caddie michael greller has to hand it to him ( below ) .