ian somerhalder and nikki reed are officially married . the vampire diaries actor and his twilight actress fiancée tied the knot on sunday in a romantic ceremony in the santa monica mountains . nikki , 26 - who was previously married to singer-songwriter paul mcdonald - wore a stunning white lace long-sleeved custom gown by claire pettibone , while ian , 36 , donned a white suit and shirt . scroll down for video . they do : nikki reed and ian somerhalder embrace in a passionate kiss as they tie the knot in romantic ceremony after nine-month whirlwind relationship on sunday . true gent : the handsome chap carried his bride down a muddy slope to ensure her dress did n't get dirty . with her hair worn to one side and in flowing curls , she pinned her locks in place with an exquisite diamond slide as she carried an elegant floral bouquet . at one point ian carried his bride down a muddy slope so that her dress did n't get dirty , before they shared a sweet kiss among their gathered friends and relatives . he was seen carefully picking up the train of her dress to protect it from the floor as the couple held hands - at one point , he dutifully tucked her hair behind her ear as they had their photos taken . style sensations : nikki looked elegant in white lace , while her man wore a cream suit with a cornflower blue tie for the occasion . taking in the moment : one wedding photographer art directed the couple as he captured them at their most beautiful . a little assistance : the 26-year-old held onto her man as she navigated her way down a gravelly slope . fairytale ending : nikki kissed her man 's face as he carried her in his arms . something to remember : the photographer captured every single moment as ian showed off his manly prowess . clearly enamoured with his new wife , the handsome star crouched down in the grass to snap selfies on his mobile phone as they enjoyed a moment to themselves . he was caught gazing at her as he drank in their surroundings , savouring every moment of their special day together . the former lost actor - who previously dated his co-star nina dobrev - confirmed the wedding had taken place on twitter , where he gushed about the big day . special time : the couple are said to be ' soulmates ' and certainly seemed to be very much in love as they stepped out into the sunshine . happiest day of her life : nikki could barely keep the smile from her face as her man carefully tucked a piece of hair from her face . saving the memory : the actress was pictured giggling away while a photographer captured the beautiful moment . lingering : ian and nikki could n't stop kissing as he took care not to step on the train of her dress . he wrote : ' most beautiful morning ever ... ( sic ) . ' ian also revealed that he and nikki had been working out in preparation for the special occasion after posting a picture of them both lifting weights on instagram last week . meanwhile , ian 's vampire diaries co-star kat graham recently confessed that she believes the couple are true ' soul mates ' . he wants to remember it all : every so often , the 36-year-old would take a moment to gaze at the love of his life . x marks the spot : the couple were shown the way as they navigated their way across the space . big day : us weekly reported nikki affirmed the big news while attending the catdance festival at sundance on saturday , where she said of her husband-to-be : ' he 's so beautiful inside and out ! ' keeping close : the couple held hands as they enjoyed every second of their special day . she said previously : ' i have n't met two people that were more of soul mates than those guys . they are so absolutely amazing . everyone loves them , and i really ca n't imagine him with anyone else . ' after a six-month courtship , nikki 's engagement to ian was confirmed in january - the same month her divorce from first husband paul mcdonald was finalised . us weekly reported nikki affirmed the big news while attending the catdance festival at sundance on saturday , where she said of her husband-to-be : ' he 's so beautiful inside and out ! ' top names : lea michele was part of the guestlist , along with her boyfriend matthew paetz . joining in the festivities : lea looked incredible in a long grey dress which had a split running up the front of the number . milling around : the couple were pictured talking to the rest of the guests while soaking up the sun . intimate setting : ian and nikki had a stage set-up with a live band at their wedding reception . what a delight : elegant table settings were laid out in the field where guests mingled with one another . keeping refreshed : attendees treated themselves to a bar which was placed next to a large umbrella . nikki , who has been dating the star since july , added : ' he 's quite possibly the most amazing man that 's ever walked the planet , it 's crazy . i 'm so lucky , i love him . ' earlier in january , in touch magazine claimed the hunk popped the question to the star during the holiday season . ian had previously dated his vampire diaries co-star nina dobrev for three years before splitting in 2013 . beautiful moment : ian stopped for a time to crouch down in the grass to capture his bride in the santa monica mountains . not leaving anything to chance : he continued to take pictures of her on his mobile phone , despite the attendance of several photographers . is n't she lovely ? ian surveyed his snaps as he continued to savour every moment of the couple 's big day . spring time beauty : nikki carried a bouquet of flowers in her hands which set the scene perfectly . taking care : the handsome actor carefully lifted up the back of her dress for her as she made her way across the terrain . though it seems the two ended things on great terms as they continued to play lovers as elena and damon on the cw show . filming for nina 's final episode proved friendly too as she posted polaroids of herself with ian online to mark the end of an era . nikki 's divorce from ex-husband paul mcdonald was finalised in january and according to tmz , the american idol star got to keep their nashville home . that was quick ! ian somerhalder and nikki reed officially married on sunday in california . loved up : nikki 's engagement to ian was confirmed in january . reed got three other homes and three vehicles : a range rover , toyota tundra , and toyota rav4 , as well as custody of their german shepherd , enzo . she had married paul at a private ranch in malibu back in october 2011 after just seven months of dating . the pair amicably ended their marriage in march 2014 , with reed filing for divorce two months later . nikki and mcdonald still collaborate musically and have an album together , called i 'm not falling . ' both nikki and i are so proud of this album , ' paul told yahoo ! music . ' i feel like through the process of writing and recording the album , we both grew significantly as songwriters and collaborators . it 's been amazing watching nikki grow as singer and discover a new confidence as an artist . ' right now our passion for this project could n't be stronger . we 're planning on booking a tour soon . ' former flame : ian was previously engaged to nina dobrev - pictured together in 2011 . all over : nikki was previously married to singer-songwriter paul mcdonald - pictured in 2014 - but they finalised their divorce in january .