a 1-year-old girl who was shot in the head in a drive-by shooting outside seattle has died . a spokeswoman for harborview medical center says the girl was brain dead and care was withdrawn saturday night . police say malijah grant was shot in the head thursday afternoon while sitting in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala at an intersection in kent , washington . her parents were in the front seat when police say a black car pulled alongside , and the driver and a passenger in that vehicle opened fire before driving off . heartbreaking : malijah grant , 1 , was taken off life support on saturday after she was shot in the head in a thursday drive-by shooting outside seattle . authorities have said they do n't believe the shooting was random , though neither parent was injured , notes q13fox.com . two male suspects are now being sought by police . the investigation is a ' top priority for the kent police department and all of our available resources are being utilized towards this investigation , ' police said in a news release friday night . ' this does not appear to be a random incident at this time and we continue to follow all leads that present themselves . ' this was a change from previous days when police had said the shooting came as a result of a road rage incident turned violent . horrific : malijah was sitting in the back of this silver chevy impala ( left ) with her parents up front when around 5 shots were fired thursday afternoon . heart-wrenching : malijah 's relatives , including her aunt ( right ) , were heard sobbing and screaming , including one enraged woman ( left ) who cried out : ' i want revenge ! ' police said the shooting was preceded by some sort of an exchange between the occupants of the black sedan and the silver chevy . linda johnston , who lives nearby , ran outside after she heard gunshots . ' i was sitting in my bedroom here and heard the shots . ' bam , bam , bam , bam , bam , '' she told seattle television station komo . ' the baby was on the ground , and other people were doing cpr on the baby , and the mother was in hysterics and the dad was in hysterics , too . ' also seen in wrenching footage from the scene was one woman who was heard screaming ' i want revenge ! ' into a cellular phone . not random : police said the shooting was preceded by some sort of an exchange between the occupants of the black sedan and the silver chevy and initially believed it was a road rage incident gone wrong .