economy passengers have long wished they were in first class with lie-flat beds and nice meals , but now it seems there is someone else to envy - the cabin crew . a new plane design has revamped the areas where cabin crew can enjoy from rest and relaxation in flight , and it seems they have more space than any passengers . a slick bunk bed design has been unveiled by zodiac galleys europe , giving staff a bed each and some privacy for a little shut-eye during long-haul flights . scroll down for video . first class accommodation ! zodiac aerospace have revealed their new designs for luxury sleeping quarters for cabin crew . the lower deck area aims to maximise the sense of space and privacy for flight attendants as they rest . drawing on the help of 30 flight attendants from four different continents , their lower deck designs reveal an area designed to feel spacious , private and with maximum personal comfort . every bunk is equipped with a personal service unit ( psu ) offering crew with individual comfort features such as an in-flight entertainment and air conditioning system . in order to maximise the sense of space , innovative materials and lighting solutions were designed and implemented . the zodiac aerospace concept was revealed aircraft interiors expo in hamburg last week , which aimed to showcase the latest developments in aircraft manufacturing . the company has been creating lower deck mobile crew rests for airbus a330/a340 since the '90s and is the market leader for this area . each section boasts a personal service unit ( psu ) offering crew with individual in-flight entertainment systems and air conditioning . they aimed to start from a clean slate in order to create a new concept for sleeping areas , and conducted extensive market research to achieve this . ' the goal was not only to improve on quantitative aspects such as cost and weight , but also to enhance the user experience , ' a spokesperson for zodiac aerospace stated to skift . ' in every step of the process users were involved . ' the extensive research provided a thorough understanding of the factors which influence how users experience crew rests . ' cabin envy ! the deluxe areas were created after zodiac aerospace spoke to 30 flight attendants from four different continents . last year other rare photographs revealed the tiny space quarters afforded to flight attendants on boeing 373 dreamliners . unlike the aerospace lower deck areas , the boeing crew rest departments ( crcs ) can be located in a compartment at the top of the plane , or in a hidden section of the same cabin as passengers . enough room to swing a cat ? a file picture reveals the crew rest department on board a boeing 777 . on a cathay pacific 777-300er there is a concealed staircase leading to the crc at the rear of the plane . attendants have to duck to get through it , but there is room for eight flight staff with six foot bunk beds with heavy curtains for blocking out noise from other crew members . instructions state that one crew member can be on a bunk at a time , and never during taxi , take off and landing . when not in use , the secret door must be closed and latched to avoid passengers wandering in . sleep tight : the cosy and comfortable looking crew sleeping quarters on the boeing 787 dreamliner . pilots have their own separate sleeping quarters , such as this one , on the boeing 787 dreamliner . looking out over the passengers : cabin crew can keep an eye on everyone on the flight in case of any issues . 