a cocaine smuggler who was caught crossing the atlantic with £200million of drugs got so hungry on the trip he started snorting part of the one-tonne haul . benjamin mellor ripped open one of the 41 bales of cocaine after food ran out and he broke his wrist , cork circuit criminal court heard . the 35-year-old window cleaner , from bradford , was one of three brits who were arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht 200 miles off the south-west coast of ireland in september . irish navy personnel stand guard behind the mountain of cocaine that was found on the yacht makayabella . he was jailed for eight years yesterday after admitting drug trafficking and importation . thomas britteon , 28 , also received eight years for the same charges while john powell , 70 , was sentenced for 10 . the scheme began in 2013 when powell took charge of the 62ft makayabella in the caribbean . he sailed it for a year as a charter boat to provide a cover story before picking up the 1,025kg consignment of cocaine in venezuela last august . the 35-year-old window cleaner , from bradford , was one of three men who were arrested after naval officers stormed the yacht , pictured being brought into cobh , 200 miles off the south-west coast of ireland in september . a photo captures the moment irish navy ship le niamh approached the makayabella . the yacht was taken to the haulbowline naval base following the navy operation before being searched . a map showing where the previous ship had to be rescued and where the smugglers carrying £200million of cocaine were intercepted . he was accompanied by mellor , with both being paid £100,000 for the trip , and later by britteon , from grimsby , who was to receive £20,000 . but the plot started to unravel when another vessel , known as the sea breeze , had to be rescued in the irish sea after it ran out of fuel . irish authorities became suspicious at the large amount of food , diesel , cannabis and satellite phones found onboard . the makayabella was simultaneously reported to be floundering in the atlantic , leading irish and uk authorities to suspect that the sea breeze was attempting to rendezvous with the yacht . inspector fergal foley , a garda investigator , said the makayabella was in a grim state when they found it and was running out of drinking water . he said : ' to be blunt , they were delighted to see the navy ' . powell’s son stephen , 48 , from guiseley , west yorkshire , was a ‘ major player’ in britain’s drugs underworld and was the ‘ main man’ behind the operation , the court was told . he has already been sentenced to 16 years for conspiracy to import cocaine . both mellor and britteon were described as ‘ simply hired help’ . powell was given a longer sentence because he had flown out to inspect the yacht and knew through his son about the whole plan .