revealed : zipporah lisle-mainwaring , the owner of the stripy kensington property , may be worth up to £60million and has fallen out with her family over inheritance . the woman accused of painting red and white stripes on her £15million kensington townhouse in a bitter planning row is a war hero 's daughter worth as much as £60million who has fallen out with her family over inheritance . zipporah lisle-mainwaring has been accused by critics in her west london neighbourhood of ordering the dramatic overnight paint job ‘ to get her own back’ when they objected to her plans to demolish the property and rebuild it with a two-storey ‘iceberg’ basement . residents in the otherwise immaculate cobbled cul-de-sac in kensington , one of the city’s wealthiest areas , said the colourful redesign was driving them ‘mad’ and likened mrs lisle-mainwaring , believed to be in her early 70s , to ‘ a child throwing a tantrum’ . today mailonline can reveal mrs lisle-mainwaring has also fallen out with the family of her late husband robert , who have accused her of failing to pass on cash and property worth millions after his death in 2007 . robert lisle , her stepson , said her behaviour does not surprise him , having last had contact with her in 2012 when they continued to row over the inheritance he believes is due to him and the wider family . he said : ‘ she has made commitments and reneged on them . she’s an extremely unpleasant character ' . his wife sally claims mrs lisle-mainwaring 's life revolves around money , which has left her estranged from much of her family . she said : ' she 's fallen out with the family . it 's sad , she is missing out on them growing up and getting married . but she 's not involved because of her decisions . ' her husband promised money and property to his children and grandchildren but after he died it never materialised . they were promises my husband 's father made , but she has never kept one . ' she 's so rude , in fact she is the rudest person i 've ever met . ' money is not our god - but money is her god . we do n't need it to be happy , we are already , but it is for her . she 's got nothing else in her life , no friends , just her and her money ' . ms lisle-mainwaring 's original name is understood to be patricia royde , who later changed her name to zipporah - the name of moses ' wife - because of ' vanity ' , her family claim . she is the daughter of a second world war hero pilot , flying officer george reicher royde , who was handed the distinguished flying cross in 1942 for helping fly a bomber back to britain from a european raid when the pilot was injured , saving the rest of the crew on board . but in 1943 he was shot down over belgium while heading to bomb german factories and buried in the schoonselhof cemetery . in may 2013 mrs lisle-mainwaring helped unveiled a memorial at the crash site to remember her father 's life and the others lost . neighbours of a £15million townhouse in south end , kensington - one of the most exclusive areas of london - have branded the property an ‘eyesore’ after it was painted with red and white stripes following objections to knock it down and replace it with a five-storey mansion . memorial : in may 2013 mrs lisle-mainwaring , second from right , helped unveil a memorial at the crash site to remember her father 's life and the others lost when his raf plane was shot down in 1943 . residents surrounding her stripy kensington townhouse told mailonline they are ‘ horrendously unhappy’ with the new exterior of the three-storey terraced home in south end , kensington , and likened it to a ‘ beachside hut’ . planning documents show mrs lisle-mainwaring wanted to replace the property with a five-storey ‘ traditional mews-style’ home , including a two-story basement complete with gym , media room and swimming pool with a double-height ceiling . the new property could be worth £25million . hero : her father flying officer george reicher royde , was handed the distinguished flying cross in 1942 for helping fly a bomber back to britain from a european raid when the pilot was injured , saving the rest of the crew on board . the plans were initially turned down by kensington and chelsea council but approved on appeal . however , a neighbour then lodged a legal challenge which means the case will go to the high court in june where a final decision will be made . residents now believe that mrs lisle-mainwaring , a property developer , ordered the garish paint job - which took place under the cover of darkness - as an act of revenge for the legal challenge . while mrs lisle-mainwaring’s solicitors refused to comment yesterday on the motives behind the dramatic paint job , there is little doubt that it has rubbed the objecting neighbours up the wrong way . saskia moyle , 18 , who lives opposite the house with her father , said the new colourful exterior had not gone down well with local residents , with the majority complaining that it lowers the classy tone of the quiet cobbled street . she told mailonline : ' the neighbours are all horrendously unhappy with it . everyone 's complained . we all hate it . it 's a bit of an eyesore . ' the woman who owns it put in a planning application to go down two floors but it was rejected and now we think she 's trying to do this so the council is forced to demolish it ' . colin burchett , a chauffeur who works from the neighbouring road , said the property had been receiving lots of attention from tourists , who now regularly visit the quaint street to take photos . he said : ‘ in terms of the paint job , i just think it’s really bizarre . i’d like to know how they have got away with it . ‘ surely it’s a listed building or there must be restrictions . all of the windows on the street are exactly the same and when another property in the road wanted some work done there was a notice up for ages . i can’t see how they’ve got away with it . ’ the owner of the £15million kensington townhouse was once involved in a high-profile legal challenge over another property dispute . zipporah lisle-mainwaring , along with her husband robert - who died in 2007 , four years into the marriage - , was the owner of yeoman 's row management limited which became embroiled in a legal battle with property developer mr cobbe . the dispute began in 2002 when mr cobbe verbally agreed to buy and redevelop a block of 13 flats in knightsbridge owned by yeoman 's . at his own expense , it was decided that he would apply for planning permission for the development to turn the flats into six terraced houses . residents said they are ‘ horrendously unhappy’ with the new exterior of the three-storey terraced home in south end , kensington , which suddenly appeared after legal challenges thwarted a planning application to give the home a double basement to include a swimming pool . the house ( pictured centre before the paint job which occurred in the last couple of weeks ) was bought by zipporah lisle-mainwaring several years ago and turned from office space into storage space . she now wants to turn it into a residential property measuring five-storeys . ms lisle-mainwaring has submitted several planning applications but ultimately wishes to demolish the current property and rebuild it to take it from three-storeys to five-storeys with a double basement below ground . it will include four bedrooms , a gym , pool and media room . the company would then sell mr cobbe the property for £12million upon the planning application being successful , and when the work was completed , he would have to give yeoman 's 50 per cent of the profits if the sale was in excess of £24million . if the planning application was not successful , mr cobbe would receive no payment . the contract was purely verbal and there was no written formal agreement or the instruction of lawyers . mr cobbe spent about £200,000 obtaining planning permission between 2002 and 2004 and , on the day after the consent was granted , yeoman 's told him the agreement no longer stood . the firm claimed the agreement had lapsed as the consent had not been obtained within a set period of time and refused to sell him the land . mr cobbe started legal proceedings , claiming the company had breached the verbal contract , and the case went to the high court . he said he should be paid for the work he carried out to obtain planning permission and also claimed a right to the land since its value had increased considerably thanks to the planning consent . the court of appeal ruled to award mr cobbe a sum in excess of £5million but the house of lords overturned the decision , claiming mr cobbe was not entitled to ‘ property estoppel’ because he did not have a formal contract . however , the lords ruled that mr cobbe was entitled to a sum for ' unjust enrichment ' and he was awarded around £200,000 to cover the cost of obtaining planning permission and a fee for his services . during the case , the chancery division and the court of appeal criticised mrs lisle-mainwaring’s conduct as ‘unconscionable’ and ‘unpleasant’ . afterwards , solicitors clarke wilmott said the fact mr cobbe had only been paid for his time and expenses meant ms lisle-mainwaring was ‘ laughing all the way to the bank’ . the knightsbridge development , which is currently under construction , was described in objection letters by residents as something which would cause ‘ irreparable damage’ to the ‘ quality of life and sense of community’ on the street while ‘ solely benefiting the commercial developers’ . yeoman 's row management limited is no longer active and it is understood ms lisle-mainwaring now splits her time between the uk and switzerland , with properties registered in london and geneva . mrs lisle-mainwaring was unavailable for comment today but her solicitor said her kensington home was not bought for £15million and would not be worth £25million if the two years of proposed work is completed . he also denied claims by neighbours the stripes were painted during the night , backed up by the man who painted them . the tradesman , who did not want to be named , told mailonline : ' it 's not true it was painted during the night . i did it in five hours during the day around six weeks ago . i was n't told why i had to do it , but i read in the newspapers it was to do with the neighbours ' .  