when scottish student caitlin mcneill , 21 , posted a photo of a blue and black dress that looked white and gold from some angles , it sparked an internet debate so furious even a-listers could n't resist getting involved . now another internet dress furore has begun , this time over the colour of scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon 's dress . the snp stalwart , 44 , wore the opinion-splitting ensemble , which has variously been described as blue , grey and green , for her appearance on the bbc contenders ' debate last night . scroll down for video . was it grey , green or ice blue ? nicola sturgeon 's dress divided opinion on twitter during last night 's debate . going for grey : a viewer takes to twitter to insist the dress he saw was grey . baffling : another viewer says while he initially thought the dress was grey , he has concluded it was green . but while her policies - and the coalition invitation issued to labour leader ed miliband - made headlines , on twitter , it was all about the dress . while most plumped for grey , with some noting that she and mr miliband appeared intent on co-ordinating their look , others insisted that the colour was green . ' wait , nicola sturgeon 's dress in that debate was green ? ' wrote a viewer named andy dowling . ' looked grey on my telly . ' another , using the name suze , complained : ' her dress was teal . papers have changed the colour , giving a less flattering skin tone ( making her look harsh ) ' . sports journalist patrick kidd also chipped in , writing : ' let 's focus on the most important issue from the debate . nicola sturgeon 's dress was clearly grey , not blue . ' grey : many viewers watching the debate thought miss sturgeon 's dress was grey . different colour : in a photo taken as she left the studio , miss sturgeon 's dress appeared to be blue . going for green : under the studio lights , miss sturgeon 's get-up seemed to be green . back to grey : in this photo of miss sturgeon with the green 's natalie bennett , it once again looks grey . not everyone was interested in the change in colour , which is likely to have been the result of harsh studio lights producing a different hue to the one seen in natural daylight , however . one irate viewer tweeted that they were concerned that the frock frenzy might overshadow the snp 's manifesto launch today . another , named milly , said the focus on the dress missed the point . ' are you telling me all people are worried about is nicola sturgeon 's dress ? ' she wrote . ' it was a political debate dammit ! ' the furore over miss sturgeon 's dress is n't the first time the snp leader has made headlines for her sartorial nous . not impressed : one viewer declared her concerns about the debate overshadowing the snp manifesto . be serious ! another said viewers debating the colour of the dress were missing the point of the evening . the original : this was the frock that sparked the original # thedress debate . slick : miss sturgeon has been lauded for her dress sense and is seen here at the scottish leaders ' debate . stylish : miss sturgeon claims to be uninterested in clothes but admits to a passion for kurt geiger shoes . although the snp leader claims to be uninterested in splashing out on expensive clothes and bags in the past , she has admitted to a weakness for shoes , albeit kurt geiger rather than jimmy choo . those were in evidence at the main leader 's debate two weeks ago , when she wore a pair of skyscraper courts by the label with a chic coral two-piece by glaswegian label , totty rocks . other fashion hits include the glamorous green floral dress and fitted jacket combination she wore to kickstart the snp 's election campaign and the pillar-box red dress worn to address supporters on the eve of last september 's scottish referendum .