a loving boyfriend has granted his girlfriend her birthday wish of having their wedding photographs taken - even though they ca n't officially get married yet because she is bedridden in hospital . guo kai and girlfriend dong hui , who turned 22 on monday , had been planning to get married this month in sichuan in southwest china . but dong was suddenly diagnosed with serious bone cancer and admitted to hospital , meaning a formal ceremony had to be postponed , reported the people 's daily online . big day : dong hui , 22 , was diagnosed with bone cancer last month but still wanted to have wedding photographs taken for her birthday . you may kiss the bride : the couple had planned to tie the knot this month , but had to make do with the photos for now . besotted : guo kai ( pictured right ) has been at his girlfriend 's bedside every day . instead , family and friends helped dong put on a beautiful wedding dress so that a team of professional photographers could take pictures for the besotted couple . dong had to stay lying down the whole time due to her condition , which causes severe pain and can lead to joint dysfunction . after medical staff removed her catheter , her friends showed dong three wedding dresses to choose from . she chose one with embroidered flowers and had her make-up done , before her husband-to-be handed her a bouquet of red roses . as they posed together , dong whispered to her partner : ' to have you at my side is so important for me ' . since she has been admitted to hospital , guo - who is now a firefighter - has constantly been at her bedside to attend to her every need . commitment : guo arranged for professional photographers to come to the hospital to take the pictures . romantic : the couple met last year after a mutual friend introduced them and they quickly fell in love . to help with her treatment dong needs to be turned once every hour . guo has set 24 alarms on his phone to make sure he does not forget . the couple met a year ago after a mutual friend introduced them to each other , and they quickly fell in love . guo said to his bride-to-be : ' i love you - marry me . i will make sure every day in the hospital will be a happy one and i will be with you as you win this battle . i believe you will recover and stand up again . ' overwhelmed : the bride-to-be got emotional as friends and family congratulated the couple . vow of love : the couple exchanged rings , even though they ca n't officially get married yet . he later added : ' i just want to make sure that this birthday is full of happiness and meaning for dong . ' the wedding and photo shoot is a dream for us all and something we had planned for . ' ' dong hui and i both experienced the 2008 wenchuan earthquake and understand the value of life so no matter what difficulties we encounter we will face them together . ' dream dress : friends brought three wedding gowns to the hospital for dong to choose between . 