floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences . where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena . in this , the fourth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time . rumble in the jungle . george foreman v muhammad ali . kinshasa , zaire . october 30 , 1974 . the fight voted the greatest sporting event of the 20th century . the fight which crossed oceans and continents . the fight which drove boxing through social barriers . the fight which put a shadowy central african republic on the world map . the fight which established muhammad ali as the most recognisable human being on earth . the fight which made george foreman famous in defeat . the fight about which millions of words have been written and movies made . a photograph taken on october 30 , 1974 , shows muhammad ali ( left ) and george foreman ( right ) . usa 's foreman ( right ) approaches his compatriot ali ( left ) during the iconic rumble in the jungle in 1974 . the rumble in the jungle was the brainchild of promotional genius don king backed by the multi-million dollar investment through which zaire president mobuto sese seko hoped to excite his people into keeping him in power . king had persuaded ali and foreman to sign $ 5million contracts which he could not afford but would talk president mobuto into bank-rolling . joe frazier v muhammad ali . march 8 , 1971 , madison square garden , new york . jack johnson v james jeffries . july 4 , 1910 , reno , nevada . joe louis v max schmeling . june 22 , 1938 , yankee stadium , new york . as the 25-year-old world heavyweight champion with enormous punching power foreman was odds-on favourite to crush the brilliance of the man they called the greatest but who , at 32 and diminished by his three-and-a-half-year banishment from the ring for refusing to go to war in vietnam , was perceived as a fading force . ali went to work on foreman’s psyche from the moment the circus arrived in kinshasa , turning up at his training session to mock big george for his size and make fun of his intellect . the irritating effect on foreman was prolonged after he suffered an eye-cut in sparring , the date of the fight was put back more than a month and king , fearful of cancellation , insisted they stayed in zaire instead of taking a break back in america . ali also charmed the local population , who happily took to the streets throughout those weeks chanting ‘ ali , boma-ye’ – ‘ ali , kill him . ’ the fight developed into a tactical triumph for ali , albeit a self-punishing one which may have contributed to the subsequent onset of parkinson’s which afflicts him now . ali ( left ) often found himself against the ropes in a strategy which even surprised his trainer angelo dundee . ali spent much of his time against the ropes , inviting foreman to punch himself out before landing his blow . in a strategy which he later entitled ‘rope-a-dope’ – and which came as a surprise to everyone including his fabled trainer angelo dundee - ali spent much of his time lolling against the ropes , inviting foreman to punch himself out . big george duly obliged by throwing hundreds of blows in the first seven rounds . ali evaded many of those punches and blocked numerous with his arms but he had to withstand the brute force of those which got through his defences . the verbal taunting went on . ‘ they told me you could punch , george , ’ he said as foreman began to flag . ‘ is that all you got , george ? ’ he rasped as foreman connected to the ali chin with virtually the last of the punches which had knocked out many a former foe . it had not been all negative . throughout , ali had peppered the swelling foreman face with break-out with lightning combinations and the steamy 4 am heat had contributed to the weakening process . foreman , the world heavyweight champion , is down on count two after being struck by ali 's right-hander . ali looks on after he knocked foreman to the canvas with the holy mother of all right-handers during the bout . come the eighth round , come the coup de grace . a succession of right hooks , a two-fisted burst and then a left-hook which straightened up big george to receive the holy mother of all right-handers . foreman staggered to his feet at the count of nine but referee zack clayton knew he was finished . sensation . bedlam in the jungle . astonishment around the satellite world . foreman would eventually emerge from denial to become ali’s great friend , an inspiring christian preacher and the seller of countless top-of-the-range barbecues . ali was still the greatest . ali 's staff and the referee put their arms around ali after he settled the rumble in the jungle in 1974 .