labour will ‘never’ walk away from the european union , ed miliband will say today . in a rare foreign policy speech , the labour leader will pledge to ‘ restore our commitment’ to the eu and other international groups such as the united nations . mr miliband has all but ruled out a referendum on europe , saying it is ‘ very unlikely’ there will be a transfer of powers to the eu that would trigger one . scroll down for video . in a rare foreign policy speech , labour leader ed miliband ( pictured above ) will today pledge to ‘ restore britain 's commitment’ to the european union and other international groups such as the united nations . today he will accuse david cameron of ‘ taking britain to the edge of european exit’ . and he will pledge to embrace the eu in a bid to secure reforms . ‘ we will be rebuild our influence , and that starts with the eu , ’ he will say . ‘ i want a clear message to be sent to our european partners that an incoming labour government will be serious about leading once again in europe and serious also about reforming europe . ‘ leaving europe would be profoundly damaging to the lives of our people and the future of our country . we will never put the national interest at risk by threatening to leave . ’ his comments echo a controversial intervention this month by tony blair , who said britain’s membership of the eu was ‘ too important’ to put to a public vote . ukip 's nigel farage . he was a foreigner thought to have been born in turkey . but ukip has insisted st george would be welcome in britain today because of his skills as a dragon slayer . yesterday on st george’s day , the party announced that it would make it a bank holiday in england . at the policy launch , economic spokesman patrick o’flynn faced questions over whether england’s patron saint would have been welcomed by ukip . in its election manifesto the party has said it would have a five-year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country . mr o’flynn said : ‘ well , i guess dragon-slaying is a skill but whether it is one that’s in short supply for the needs of the british economy , we will leave to our migration commission . ’ the party said it wanted to end a ‘ cultural self-loathing’ about being proud to be english . nigel farage yesterday celebrated st george’s day at a working men’s club in ramsgate , in the south thanet constituency he is hoping to represent . asked whether ukip would have welcomed st george , mr farage said : ‘ i think there’s room within our immigration policy for heroes . ’ mr miliband’s decision to turn his back on a referendum has angered some senior labour figures , who fear it leaves the party looking dangerously out of touch with public opinion . but he will claim today that britain’s hopes of achieving reform in brussels have been weakened by mr cameron’s pledge to hold an in/out referendum by the end of 2017 . ‘ this government’s approach to europe means that even when britain’s interests are shared by other member states , eu leaders are reluctant to support us because they think we already have one foot out of the door , ’ he will say . he will accuse the prime minister of backing a referendum because he is ‘ too weak’ to take on his party’s right-wingers and his fear of ukip . in an incendiary claim he will warn that mr cameron ‘ has presided over the biggest loss of influence for our country in a generation’ . mr miliband’s claim to statesmanship will anger tory high command , who point out he withdrew his support for strikes on syria for its use of chemical weapons in 2013 under pressure from left-wingers in his shadow cabinet . but the labour leader will accuse the tories of failing to learn the lessons of the iraq war . he will also commit to putting climate change ‘ at the core of labour’s foreign policy’ , including pushing for costly targets to cut carbon emissions to zero . former business secretary lord mandelson last night admitted voters were still spooked by the economic record of the last labour government . he told channel four news : ‘ people like labour’s values and feel they are more in touch , but they have a problem about their record from the last government , and the last two years where people feel , fairly or not , that we allowed debt , borrowing and the deficit to run away from us . ’ lord mandelson also acknowledged there was ‘ quite of lot of fear’ among business leaders about the prospect of a labour government . but he insisted it was ‘misplaced’ . mr miliband ( pictured above ) is accusing david cameron of ‘ taking britain to the edge of european exit’ . with only david cameron or ed miliband in a position to be prime minister after the election , voters face a stark choice on immigration policy . here , james slack examines the key differences between the party manifestos . net migration . tories : re-state commitment to cut net migration to the ‘ tens of thousands’ from current level of 300,000 . make it harder for non-eu citizens to get marriage visas to enter the uk . cap number of non –eu work visas at 20,700 . labour : no upper limit on net migration . last labour government presided over a deliberate open door policy which saw the foreign-born population rocket by 3.6million . ed miliband has said sorry for the calamitous underestimate of the number of eastern europeans who arrived – but , crucially , he refuses to accept unprecedented levels of non-eu migration were a mistake . migrants from eu . tories : no in-work benefits for four years . benefits for jobseekers stopped . residency requirement for social housing . citizens of poor countries which join the eu denied free movement . labour : prevent migrants from claiming handouts for two years . support open borders with the eu . would block in/out referendum or attempt to curb free movement . illegal immigrants . tories : new system of ‘ deport first , appeal later’ to dramatically increase number of removals . fit electronic tags on foreign criminals so they can be monitored by satellite pending deportation . scrap human rights act . labour : ideologically-wedded to hra . vague promise to ‘ deport those who commit crimes while they are here’ . last labour government released 1,000 overseas convicts without even considering them for deportation . foreign students . tories : clamp down on satellite campuses opened in london by universities based elsewhere in uk . since 2010 party has closed 850 of the bogus colleges which proliferated under labour . labour : no mention of bogus colleges . under last labour government , wholesale abuse saw number of student visas issued more than triple . the national audit office found that in the 2009 as many as 50,000 bogus students may have entered the uk to work rather than study .