an arizona woman got an early easter surprise when she saw what she believes to be the image of jesus christ in her dental x-rays during a check-up last month . kym ackerman saw the son of god in an x-ray of one her left-side molars when she went for a dental check-up in flagstaff on march 25 . ackerman , 32 , spotted the image and pointed it out to both the dentist and hygienist . scroll down for video . kym ackerman saw jesus in an x-ray of her molars when she went for dental a check-up in flagstaff , arizona . ackerman , 32 , plans to frame the x-ray and keep the special molar and her mouth free of cavities in the future . although the hygienist agreed about the sanctified shape , the dentist was substantially less excited and ' started looking at my teeth ' , ackerman told the huffington post . she said : ' at my dentist , the computer shows the x-rays as soon as they are taken . ' i said to the hygienist , `` that looks crazy ! do you see i what i see ? `` ' my mom passed away from breast cancer when i was 17 , so when i saw this , i thought , ' '' that 's my guardian angel . '' ' the dentist did n't find any cavities during the check-up and ackerman has vowed to keep her mouth , and especially that holy molar , healthy . she 's also planning on framing the x-ray . this is not the first time that jesus has supposedly returned in x-ray form . a cancer-stricken indiana woman saw christ in her chest x-ray after she was hospitalized with pneumonia following breast cancer surgery in december of 2010 . she saw jesus in a x-ray of the area right over her heart . a cancer-stricken indiana woman saw jesus christ in her x-ray after she was hospitalized with pneumonia . karen sigler ( pictured ) saw jesus in a x-ray of the area right over her heart that was taken in december of 2010 . after seeing the image , she said : ' my faith just got a little stronger since i saw that jesus was sitting on my heart and that he 's there . ' you can see him . he 's there . ' she started chemotherapy the following month .