jonny howson made a triumphant return to elland road to nudge norwich one step closer to the premier league . an academy product and leeds’ youngest captain since billy bremner before moving to carrow road for £2million in january 2012 , howson marked his first game back at his old club by making the breakthrough in the 57th minute to keep alex neil’s side in the automatic promotion places . the 26-year-old had already endured taunts of ‘cheat’ from the home fans after winning a first-half penalty when he was bundled over by current leeds skipper liam cooper . jonny howson ( 8 ) refuses to celebrate after putting norwich ahead early in the second half . the midfielder smashed home to put his side in control and continue their automatic promotion charge . graham dorrans hammered his spot-kick against the underside of the ball and then wasted another opportunity moments later , although he made amends with norwich’s second goal in injury-time . howson struck when nathan redmond poked the ball across to him just inside the box , guiding it with the outside of his right foot beyond a despairing marco silvestri and inside the far post . if his celebration was a little muted , the same could not be said for neil and his staff on the touchline as they sensed a fifth straight win . graham dorrans ( right ) sealed the tie with a late goal and made up for his late penalty miss . leeds xi : silvestri 6 ; wootton 6 , bamba 6.5 , cooper 5.5 , byram 6 ( montenegro 85 ) ; ngoyi 6 ; taylor 5 ( antenucci 71 , 6 ) , murphy 6 , mowatt 7 , berardi 6 ; sharp 7 . subs : taylor , bellusci , morison , sloth , phillips . norwich xi : ruddy 7 ; olsson 6.5 , bassong 6.5 , martin 6 , whittaker 6 ; tettey 6 ; redmond 7 ( hooper 86 ) , howson 8 , dorrans 6 , hoolahan 6 ( e bennett 80 ) ; jerome 6.5 . subs : rudd , grabban , r bennett , o’neil , odjidja-ofoe . scorers : howson 57 , dorrans 90+1 . booked : olsson , tettey , whittaker , dorrans . referee : michael jones 6 . star man : jonny howson . ‘ i think every passing game now is a massive moment , ’ said the norwich boss . ‘ i told the players at half-time that we had three-and-a-half games left . the next 45 minutes could be the turning point of the season to get us over the line or it could cost us . ‘ jonny is a model professional . i know leeds mean a lot to him but ultimately he’s done his job tonight ( tuesday ) . ’ it still needed a magnificent block by russell martin to deny scott wootton and john ruddy’s flying save from alex mowatt to preserve norwich’s lead before dorrans made sure of victory , burying his shot from 15 yards after a fine run and cutback from cameron jerome . leeds head coach neil redfearn said : ‘ the ball was a yard out of play so it’s a bit harsh on us . ’ with norwich , bournemouth and middlesbrough all winning , the pressure is now on watford to do the same when they visit nottingham forest on wednesday night . it also raises the stakes even higher when norwich entertain middlesbrough at carrow road on friday battling for a £120m ticket to the top-flight . dorrans ( centre ) smashed a first half penalty against the crossbar but later spared his blushes . luke murphy ( left ) attempts to tackle nathan redmond during the first half in the championship clash . ‘ each game gets bigger and bigger , and for us and middlesbrough , it won’t get much bigger than this game on friday night , ’ said neil , who kept his players in the north to prepare for this game after they snatched an injury-time winner at bolton on saturday . ‘ my mindset before the game is that we do our job , we don’t pay attention to others . with all three of us winning tonight , watford have got a job to do tomorrow but that’s for them to worry about . ‘we’ve worked so hard to get here . it’s not easy . the games are coming thick and fast , and mentally it’s tough . but we’re well up for the challenge , this is what you’re in football for . ‘ looking at bolton and leeds , on paper , they were two extremely difficult games and the fact we’ve managed to pick up six points says a huge amount about the character in the squad . ’ murphy fires a free-kick into the norwich wall as leeds lost their fourth game in five in the championship .  