a super-fertile dental nurse is being hailed a hero after helping scores of childless couples try to conceive - by donating 50 eggs . mother-of-two kelly parsons , from morden , south west london , has already enabled two couples to have twins and another woman give birth to a boy , thanks to her willingness to go through the painful donation procedure . in the space of 11 months , the 35-year-old 's eggs have become twin girls , twin boys and a baby boy . kelly parsons , 35 , from london ( pictured with daughters emily , four , ( left ) and 11-year-old charlotte ( right ) has donate 50 of her eggs to help childless couples conceive . kelly said : ' despite the pain , it was worth it to bring joy to families that would never be able to have kids naturally . ' to have the urge to have kids and not be able to have them must be heartbreaking . i 'm only a little part of making these babies . ' i am sure the parents will probably curse me in the middle of the night when they have to do bottle feeds . ' kelly and her train dispatcher husband dean , 41 , had a daughter , charlotte , now 11 , in 2003 . after eight years of trying and three heartbreaking miscarriages , kelly gave birth to daughter emily in january 2011 . kelly then decided to start donating her eggs to other childless couples , in a bid to help as many families share the joys of children . kelly and her husband dean , 41 , ( second right ) struggled for eight years to conceive emily , with kelly suffering three heartbreaking miscarriages . she said : ' i wanted the eggs to go to a husband and wife so that the kids would be raised in a similar environment to our family - after all , these eggs could have been my children . ' dean was n't totally on board but because i have supported him through so many crazy things , he knew it was my turn . ' you can only donate your eggs until you are 35 , and because i was 33 at the time i felt like the clock was ticking . ' kelly injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate her ovaries , and after a few months she will have stored up enough for them to be harvested . she said : ' after the first time i donated eggs i was knackered but so happy i 'd done it . kelly injected herself twice a day with drugs to stop her period and stimulate her ovaries . in all , the nurse has donated eggs three times , leading to three successful pregnancies - twin boys , twin girls , and a baby boy . ' a week later i got a call to say five of them had been fertilised and two had been implanted into the mum-to-be . ' they 'd also frozen the others so they could have more kids in the future . ' from then on i was on tenterhooks , hoping her body would accept the embryos . ' although i knew nothing about the couple , i really felt a connection to them . ' in all , kelly has donated eggs three times , leading to three successful pregnancies . also , a number of her eggs have been frozen for future use . controversially , kelly has told her 11-year-old daughter that she has brothers and sisters . controversially she has told her daughter charlotte that she has brothers and sisters out there - and she has elected for her egg donor kids to be able to contact her daughters when they turn 18 . she also chose for the kids to be able to contact her daughters when they turn 18 - as she wants her girls to know their half siblings . she added : ' i would love to see if they look like me and am curious to meet them when they grow up . ' charlotte is so excited by the thought she might get to meet her brothers and sisters one day . ' she even wants to donate her eggs because she thinks what i 've done is amazing . ' the people that i 've helped have babies have been through the menopause or cancer meaning they could never conceive naturally . imagine having that urge to become a mother but not being able to have a baby , it must be devastating . ' life can be so cruel and i 'm just thrilled i could bring happiness to other women . '