the fa cup has been through a rollercoaster of emotions over the years - and now it is taking an actual rollercoaster ride . the famous trophy was on show at alton towers theme park in staffordshire ahead of this weekend 's semi-finals at wembley , nestled in between an arsenal fan and reading supporter . the gunners head into saturday 's showdown as the favourites against the championship side . but they almost suffered a huge upset at wembley last year against hull before coming from behind to win one of the most entertaining finals of all time . arsenal supporter max benjamin ( left ) and reading fan richard putterford ( right ) hold the fa cup trophy . the pair shake hands as they accompany the cup on a rollercoaster at the alton towers amusement park . the trophy is treated to a series of dips and loops ahead of the fa cup semi-final clashes this weekend . the 3-2 victory , inspired by aaron ramsey 's late extra time winner , ended a nine-year trophy drought for manager arsene wenger and the frenchman is desperate to keep arsenal 's red and white ribbon on the cup . reading , meanwhile , have never won the fa cup . the furthest the royals have reached in the competition is the last four , where they lost 3-0 at molineux to eventual winners cardiff ... in 1927 . victory for the current holders could prove to be a good omen . if arsenal triumph at wembley again this year they would become the most successful side in fa cup history , surpassing the record of 11 wins they currently share with manchester united . reading , of course , will do their best to deny the north london club . and liverpool or aston villa will be out to get their hands on the cup on may 30 too . whatever happens , it 's guaranteed to be a roller coaster of a ride . arsenal midfielder aaron ramsey ( number 16 ) scores the winning foal against hull in last year 's fa cup final . ramsey celebrates scoring in extra time to help arsenal end a nine-year trophy drought at wembley . manager arsene wenger ( right ) will be hoping that his side can retain the famous trophy this year . 