jeremy clarkson has finally spoken out about his high-profile sacking from top gear , admitting he will ' miss ' fronting the bbc2 show . clarkson , 54 , who was fired in march after attacking a producer during filming , has not publicly addressed his dismissal , apart from to say that ' everyone 's upset ' . but the presenter today gave his ' heartfelt thanks ' to those who sent their support in the aftermath of his sacking , saying he would ' miss being there ' . it came as ms rippon , 70 , who first presented the show 38 years ago , said she would be keen to return to the motoring show if she were invited back . scroll down for video . jeremy clarkson ( left ) today revealed he would ' miss ' fronting top gear , as it emerged that former presenter angela rippon ( right ) would be keen to return to the motoring show . ms rippon , 70 , who first presented the show 38 years ago , said it would be ' great ' if she were invited back to front top gear . writing in the sun , clarkson said : ' heartfelt thanks to all those who have written to say how much they will miss me on top gear . it 's not as much , however , as i 'll miss being there . ' clarkson was dropped by the bbc after an internal investigation found he had launched an ' unprovoked ' 30-second physical attack on producer oisin tymon because he was offered a plate of cold cuts instead of steak and chips . the presenter was found to have split the producer 's lip and verbally abused him . following weeks of speculation over the star 's future , lord hall , the director-general of the corporation , publicly announced that the bbc would not be renewing clarkson 's contract . he said clarkson had ' crossed the line ' and that ' there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . now , with the future of the show still up in the air , former newsreader ms rippon said it would be ' great ' if she was invited back . clarkson , who was dropped by the bbc after launching an ' unprovoked ' 30-second physical attack on producer oisin tymon . today gave his ' heartfelt thanks ' to those who have supported him . she told the daily mirror : ' it would be great if they said `` let 's get the old girl back to do the odd film for us '' . what i did all those years ago is totally different to what they do now . ' if a programme is going to have longevity , which top gear has , it has to keep evolving . ' she added that there should be a woman included in the team - because half the drivers on the road are female . jodie kidd , the former model , has already been linked to the show . it also emerged last month that diy sos star nick knowles could become the new top gear presenter because the bbc believe he is a ' safe pair of hands ' . meanwhile , bbc bosses are said to be desperately trying to hold onto james may ( left ) and richard hammond ( right ) - clarkson 's co-presenters - for the bbc2 show . mr may has previously said that the trio ' came as a package ' , while hammond - not ruling out a return - said the sacking marked ' the end of an era ' . but bbc bosses are reportedly still trying to persuade richard hammond and james may to continue with the show , in a bid to cling onto long-term fans . although may , 52 , and hammond , 45 , have both hinted separately that they do not see a future with top gear , both have remained silent on the issue for the past few weeks . a source told the daily mirror : ' richard is a tv presenter and this could be his chance to become top dog - he 's been on the show a bit longer than james . that is a big opportunity to pass over . ' they added : ' it would be a great shame to lose all the talent in one go - re-booting it from scratch would be a far harder task than replacing one . ' mr may has previously said that the trio ' came as a package ' , while hammond - not ruling out a return - said the sacking marked ' the end of an era ' . but little has been said since the initial reaction to the sacking . some believe the presenters are remaining silent while waiting for bids from rival channels , which may want to sign up the group as a trio . all three were on the cusp of signing new three-year deals when the clarkson fracas unfolded . some believe the pair are remaining silent while waiting for bids from rival channels , which may want to snap up the former top gear group as a trio . the day after clarkson 's sacking , may gave a big hint that he has no plans to return to top gear , suggesting he is to ‘ go back to normal life . ’ the presenter admitted he was already considering what to do next with his life - and suggested he might even ditch cars to become a teacher . he said : ' i might want to do something completely different with my life , i 'm quite old now . ( i might do ) something outside of cars , i always wanted to be a teacher . ' he also seemed to confirm speculation that he would leave the top-rating programme , saying : ' we always knew it was n't going to last forever ' . clarkson , 54 , was sacked after attacking oisin tymon in an episode which lord hall said had ' crossed the line ' . but the bbc 's creative director alan yentob previously made it clear he wanted may and hammond to continue presenting the show without clarkson , despite acknowledging it would be ' perfectly natural ' for them to have reservations about continuing . he said : ' it 's perfectly natural for them . they are a team they have worked together for a very long time , they are all very attached . ' if jeremy is not in it and richard and james are , that needs to be a conversation with them as well . they need to be happy about what 's going on and where they think the programme needs to be . ' may fronts several other tv programmes , including the popular james may 's toy stories , james may 's man lab and oz and james ' big wine adventure with wine expert oz clarke . hammond has a successful career as a children’s television host , fronting the second series of national geographic 's science of stupid . he also hosted bbc1’s physical game show total wipeout and the cbbc series blast lab before they were axed . clarkson , may and hammond are scheduled to take part in the live top gear shows next month . but the shows have been renamed , without bbc branding . earlier this month north yorkshire police said that following an investigation clarkson would face no further police action over his attack on the producer at a hotel . clarkson pulled out of his planned appearance hosting bbc satirical show have i got news for you , which was due to be filmed next week , and aired a day later . it would have marked his first bbc appearance since the fracas which led to his departure .