inter milan are set to turn to lucas leiva and alex song if their pursuit of manchester city pair stevan jovetic and yaya toure fails . roberto mancini has liverpool midfielder leiva and barcelona 's song , currently on loan at west ham , on his list of alternatives if jovetic and toure prove too costly . inter sporting director piero ausilio told sky italia : ' dreams are beautiful , i 'm trying to prepare something and i hope my dreams come true . lucas leiva ( left ) is believed to be a target for inter milan and could leave liverpool in the summer . alex song has impressed during his loan spell at west ham united and would be available for a transfer . ' jovetic ? in the past there was something , especially last summer . we had gone quite a bit forward in the negotiations , we were hoping to conclude the deal but then negredo became injured and manchester city changed their minds . ' he is a great player , he fits the profile of the player we are looking for . he is not very young but he is fully mature and still has a lot to give . he is a very talented player but the english club buys very often but seldom sells . ' jovetic looks likely to leave the etihad this summer after being omitted from the club 's champions league squad earlier this season to make room for january signing wilfried bony . the premier league champions rejected several bids from inter last summer , while juventus showed interest in the montenegro star during the last transfer window . roberto mancini remains keen on the manchester city duo he worked with while he was at the club . yaya toure ( left ) and stevan jovetic both look set to leave the club in the summer and inter are keen . toure , meanwhile , has been heavily linked with a move this summer and mancini made his admiration known for the ivorian earlier this month . mancini said : ' yaya has played in every top league , apart from germany and italy . ' if , as it seems , he wants to have an experience in italy , then there is this possibility he could come here . ' it won’t be easy , but he’s a player with incredible technique and character . would inter be his first choice ? that’s certain . '