a huge collection of designer shoes , handbags , clothes and accessories worth from £300 to at least £2,000 are set to go up for auction . the 173 lots include the issa dress as worn by kate middleton for her engagement photos , and designs similar to those seen on the fashionable feet of carrie and samantha in sex and the city . the items , which are in immaculate condition , come from the lifetime collection of an anonymous single lady owner , and her family are now selling them and donating the money to charity . scroll down for video . bid time : 173 lots of designer brands worth from £300 to thousands are set to go up for auction on april 28 . pictured : blue wrap dress £250 ( top left ) , silver giuseppe zanotti fish bone sandals £450 ( centre ) , orange louis vuitton bag £900 ( centre left ) , blue manolo blahniks £625 ( bottom right ) , red louis vuitton handbag £1200 ( bottom right ) , brown louis vuitton handbag £580 ( centre right ) , blue check chanel jacket £1720 ( top right ) , beige gucci monogram bag £500 ( centre left ) . chanel , louis vuitton , prada , gucci , mulberry , ferragamo and manolo blahnik will all go under the hammer . house & son auctioneers in bournemouth , dorset , will rival the likes of harrods and selfridges when it sells 173 lots of designer brands on april 28 . they are being sold without a reserve , which means they will go to the highest bidder on the day - so those on a budget could scoop a bargain . some are said to be worth a few hundred pounds while others are valued at a four-figure sum . the auctioneers are expecting at least double the number of people they normally get on a sale day . there are 50 designer handbags , some of which have never been used or even removed from their protective bags , and at least 50 pairs of shoes . snap : bidders can raise their paddle for a sapphire issa wrap dress ( right ) ; the same as the one worn by kate middleton during the photo shoot for her engagement to prince william in 2010 ( left ) . the 30 chanel items - bags and clothing - are expected to be the big draw for potential buyers . bidders can also raise their paddle for a sapphire issa wrap dress ; the same as the one worn by kate middleton during the photo shoot for her engagement to prince william in 2010 . there are also flat versions of the blue milano blahnik hangsi pumps that big used to propose to carrie in the sex and the city movie , and which she wore at their ( second ) wedding . the silver fish-bone sandals as worn by samantha in her hilarious sushi scene are also available sans heel . david brasher , area manager of house & son 's auction organising the handbags for the auction . same-antha : the fish-bone sandals as worn by samantha ( right ) in satc are available sans heel ( left ) . ian brasher , from house & son auctioneers , said : ' we are expecting a lot of interest because it 's an outstanding collection . ' you say a designer name and we 've probably got it , the big names are all there . ' the items are from a lady who collected handbags , shoes and clothes throughout her lifetime and just enjoyed buying and owning them . ' as seen before ... a flat version of the blue milano blahnik hangsi pumps carrie wore when marrying big in sex and the city are part of the haul . lust-have : a pair of chanel shoes in black suede and red leather with camellia flower decoration . ' they have been purchased from stores such as harrods , and some were bought abroad in new york . blue wrap dress - £250 . giuseppe zanotti fish bone sandals - £450 . orange louis vuitton bag - £900 . blue manolo blahniks - £625 . red louis vuitton handbag - £1200 . brown louis vuitton handbag - £580 . blue check chanel jacket - £1720 . beige gucci monogram bag - £500 . ' some of them come with their receipts - which show that they were purchased for £2,000 - and are still in the bags they came in . ' there 's 50 handbags and the condition is outstanding . it looks like some of them were bought and never used . ' we 've got items ranging from £300 into the thousands . ' the owner would buy a bag in a particular colour when it came out and then buy it in another colour a month or so later , or buy matching jimmy choos . ' there 's probably in excess of 50 pairs of shoes , and they are in immaculate condition too , hardly worn . ' then we 've got about 20 lots of designer clothing and the rest is accessories . bag it : a gucci cream monogrammed canvas and leather tote bag , comes complete with dust bag . up for grabs : louis vuitton monogram canvas speedy 30 , and a lady 's ferragamo jungle print handbag . ' this is never going to come up again . it 's a true one-off and a privilege to be asked to hold the auction . ' i think it 's quite unusual for things like this to go without a reserve , but because the proceeds are going to charity , everything has to be sold , so will go to the highest bidder on the day . ' it 's such a genuine sale , it 's not a sale that has been put together , the items are being sold for a reason . and it 's a chance for people to get something in immaculate order . ' we 're expecting in excess of 100 people on the day . we 've got a reasonable-sized premises so we will cope fine with the extra , but we normally only have about 50 people at a sale . ' the auction takes place on april 28 and the items will be available to view the day before . other items for sale include ... a pair of jimmy choo couture calf length brown leather boots together with matching handbag , together with dust bags ( no size ) ( left ) and a pair of chanel black leather ankle boots complete with box and shoe bag ( size 36 ) ( right ) . three pairs of christian dior patent court shoes , boxed ( size 35 ) ( left ) and five pairs of chanel pumps complete with shoe bags and boxes ( sizes 34 , 35 and 35 1/2 ) ( right ) . a pair of jimmy choo nude patent shoes ( left ) and a pair of lady 's gucci black monogram design wellington boots , shoe bags ( size 35 ) . a ralph lauren brown leather belted jacket ( size 10 ) ( left ) and a lady 's mulberry bayswater handbag in brown leather complete with dust bag ( right ) . a chanel black bead necklace and a pair of matching earrings , boxed ( left ) and a chanel simulated pearl necklace in original box with dust bag and a pair of matching earrings , boxed ( right ) . 