for most of us the thought of eating insects might prove to be one culinary step too far . but the consumption of locusts , crickets , worms and grubs could become very much a part of our diet as the cost of meat production rises , and the demand for meat grows . in tonight 's final episode of bbc two 's back in time for dinner , the robshaws – brandon , 53 , rochelle , 52 , and their children miranda , 17 , rosalind , 15 and fred – who have travelled from the 1950s to the end of the millennium are served the food of the future . the robshaws sample insects in tonight 's episode of bbc two 's back for dinner . two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with insects . the experiment , filmed for a six-part tv programme , ended with the family feeling extremely grateful for the variety of foods available today . presenter giles coren and food historian polly russell serve the family a radical dinner of mexican spiced cricket tacos , asian worm stir fry , buffalo worm tart and cricket kebabs . the family also attempt burgers made with a mixture of insect and beef protein , and sample cookies made from insect flour . ' in the future meat supplies might be a problem , ' presenter mr coren says in the programme . ' insects have been hailed as a solution to our meat problem ; full of protein , low in fat and packed full of nutrients they are already part of the staple diet in parts of africa and asia . ' the lack of traditional meat proteins can be put down to population expansion , food historian polly russell explains . ' as populations grow globally there is a huge pressure on the amount of meat that is produced because as developing countries start getting richer and people start adopting western-style diets , which tend to consume a lot more meat , ' she said . entomophagy ( eating insects ) could have a positive impact on the environment and world hunger if crunchy exoskeletons could replace typical meat . throughout the show , in the 1950s the children had to wait patiently for their father to finish his dinner , knowing his leftovers would be their supper . the 1960s saw the birth of the sugary cereal , while motorway service stations became almost fashionable as places to eat . the robshaws found that food in the 1970s was brightly-coloured - but perhaps less enticing - than before . in the 1970s , working women were learning to balance their careers with cooking for the family . the decade also saw the rise of the pot noodle . in the 1980s goats cheese , mange tout and kiwi fruit became the foods to impress your dinner party guests . gourmet dishes and nouvelle cuisine took over from the simple but hearty dishes of earlier decades . by the 1990s , sushi and curry were as popular as traditional english dishes and ready meals became the norm . for the final episode , the family discussed the food of the future ; insects . on top of health benefits , insects are seen as a solution to meet the demands of food supply and are viewed as a more environmentally-friendly method of food production . a recent un report identified edible insects as a sustainable food source for the future . figures indicate two billion people worldwide already supplement their diet with them . and once better technology has been developed for farming insects , they really have better potential of becoming a major food source , experts say . chef rene redzepi 's pop-up restaurant noma tokyo has a menu that begins with a starter of prawns and ants . mexican restaurant chain wahaca , which was co-founded in 2007 by masterchef winner thomasina miers , started to introduce the alternate protein source to diners in 2013 . in january this year , it brought chapulines fundido to the menu , made with one of mexico 's most sustainably farmed , yet unusual ingredients - grasshoppers . chefs cook the fried chapulines ( grashoppers ) with softened shallots , garlic and smoky chipotle chillies to create a salsa , which is served with queso fundido , a mixture of grated mozzarella and cheddar cheese and a side of corn tortillas . thomasina miers gave femail her take on the dish . she said : ' it 's just not in our psyche at the moment , but we do n't have any issues eating shrimps or prawns , so i think it 's just a question of creating a dish that will appeal over here . mexican restaurant chain wahaca served chapulines fundido - made with grasshoppers - to its menu in january this year . archipelago restaurant in cleveland street has love bug salads , bushmans 's caviar ( caramel mealworms , blinis , coconut cream and vodka jelly ) and a dessert called medieval hive ( brown butter ice-cream , honey and butter caramel sauce and a baby bee ) on the menu . this summer chef adam holcroft will open britain 's first insect restaurant in haverfordwest , pembrokeshire , this summer , serving dishes which feature crickets , bugs and worms . the 37-year-old head chef says it will be the first restaurant in the uk dedicated to serving insects as protein to show bugs can help feed the booming global population .  asian forest scorpion - scorpions have a strong , bitter flavor and are normally eaten with sweet chili sauce . paris street rose is full of rich sweet fruit made from full bodied transylvanian pinot noir , so it will have enough body to cut through the combination of flavours . mealworms - match their nutty taste and light , crunchy texture with a crisp clare valley viognier wine that has just the right combination of fruit and richness . zebra tarantula - tarantulas are normally eaten deep fried , so think similar to fish and chips . a lively full bodied chardonnay will stand up to the complex fishy flavours of the tarantula . sago worms - these worms have a distinct taste a bit similar to bacon so you need a big meaty red with loads of punch to match that savoury flavour . mclaren vale shiraz is fresh with loads of red fruit and spice . bbq locusts - locusts taste a bit like an exotic bar snack and with the bbq flavour you 'll need a wine with a hint of sweetness . the hacienda de lluna moscatel is a gorgeous lightly bubbly pink that works well as an aperitif . chocolate dipped locusts - these locusts are essentially a savory dish as they taste a bit like sunflower seeds , but also have the sweetness from the chocolate . a rich robust wine with loads of sweet fruit will stand up to these flavours . giant waterbugs - the meat inside the water bug 's body tastes a bit similar to a sweet scallop , while the head has hints of anise , so you 'll need to find a wine that can match well with seafood and stronger flavours . a dry sherry , and a fino at that , is the only choice here . the crisp citrus and nutty flavours will complement their complex flavours . queen weaver ants - their slightly sour and crunchy tastes like a lemon . they would go well with an aromatic white with pretty fruit and floral notes . a gewürztraminer provides the perfect balance to crunchy textures . asian forest scorpion - scorpions have a strong , bitter flavor and are normally eaten with sweet chili sauce . paris street rose is full of rich sweet fruit made from full bodied transylvanian pinot noir , so it will have enough body to cut through the combination of sweet and sour . crickets - the flavours are much harder to distinguish in crickets and so they are often prepared with garlic and salt . nevertheless the nutty flavor that comes through means a perfect fit is a rich full-bodied white wine like albariño . garlic chapulines - have an earthy and grassy flavour and a very crunchy texture , therefore we recommend a creamy dry champagne that will match well with the earthy flavours ( similar to matching with mushrooms ) and crunch . 