james may has been forced to backtrack for suggesting top gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to sue perkins should ' kill themselves ' . perkins , who became a favourite to replace the ousted jeremy clarkson after a flurry of bets , recently announced she was leaving twitter as a result of the horrific abuse . in response , may said : ' if you 're one of the people sending death threats to sue perkins , could you please do the world a much bigger favour by killing yourself . ' the presenter quickly clarified : ' obviously i do n't actually want people to kill themselves but , really , we do n't want them as fans . ' james may ( right ) backtracked on his comment that top gear viewers who sent threatening tweets to sue perkins ( left ) should ' kill themselves ' . may is currently getting ready to tour a top gear spin-off around the uk alongside clarkson and richard hammond , following the bbc 's sacking of clarkson for punching a producer . they will be stripped of all bbc branding and instead be presented as ' clarkson , hammond and may live ' , meaning the show will not be able to use clips from top gear - or even feature the stig . may 's comments were made after perkins finally decided to take a break from twitter in response to the barrage of abuse . she had earlier stated : ' guys , post the utterly fabricated story about me and top gear , my timeline has been full of blokes wishing me dead . this morning , someone suggested they 'd like to see me burn to death . ' all of which goes to say that i am off twitter for a bit . love and peace x . ' the great british bake off host was said to be the front-runner for the job , according to bookmakers coral , with dermot o'leary second favourite at 2-1 . actor philip glenister , famed for his role as the detective in life on mars , has also been rumoured to replace the ousted clarkson . the bake off star denied the rumours , resulting in a torrent of abuse from top gear fans . perkins said on twitter last week : ' just back from night shoot in kolkata sewers to find my timeline busy with middle-aged man-trolls . general gist : man do cars , woman do cake . ' jeremy clarkson , pictured here smoking and looking tired in london this week , attacked one of the top gear producers . clarkson was the subject of an internal bbc investigation after he attacked top gear producer oisin tymon , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him in a 30-second assault on march 4 . he was suspended by the broadcaster on march 10 before it announced his contract would not be renewed . the star received widespread public support - including from his friend prime minister david cameron - in the aftermath of the fracas , and one million people signed a petition calling for the bbc to reinstate him . but director-general tony hall said ' a line has been crossed ' and ' there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' .