police are hunting peter fox , 26 , ( pictured ) after his mother and sister were found dead half a mile apart in an alleged double murder . a 26-year-old man police are hunting over the alleged double murder of his mother and sister in merseyside is believed to have fled to london . detectives have released cctv images of peter fox leaving liverpool lime street at 8.18pm on wednesday and arriving at euston railway station in the capital at 10.57pm . the body of sarah fox , 27 , was found by police on thursday night , just hours before her 57-year-old mother bernadette was found dead at sheltered accommodation just half a mile away in bootle , merseyside . merseyside police said mrs fox died of asphyxiation , while her daughter was repeatedly stabbed . bernadette and sarah 's family today said they are ' absolutely devastated ' at their loss . police are now appealing for the public 's help to track down mr fox . they say they want to speak ' urgently ' with him in connection to the deaths , but warned the public not to approach him . detective chief inspector dave rooney , said : ' we are still trying to trace peter fox , the 26-year-old son of bernadette , as he could have information which could assist with our investigation . ' i am reappealing to peter to come forward so that we can speak to him following the murders of his mother and sister . we know that peter travelled by train to london on wednesday night and we are working with the metropolitan police to try and find him . although we know he travelled to london that night he may well have gone on to travel outside of the london area . ' i would stress to the public that if they do see peter fox , they should not approach him . we would urge anyone with information about his whereabouts to contact the police on 999 . ' peter 's family have been left devastated by the deaths of bernadette and sarah and they would also urge peter to come forward to help the detectives investigating these murders . ' fox is described as white , between 5ft 2in and 5ft 5in and of slight build with short , dark hair - no longer shaved - and brown eyes . he speaks with a liverpool accent . the family of bernadette ( left ) and sarah ( roght ) today said they are ' absolutely devastated ' at their loss . mr rooney added : ' the investigation into these deaths is at an early stage and , although the motive is unclear at this time , we believe the offender may be known to the victims . ' i would like to reassure residents who live in the bootle area where these addresses are located that we have increased patrols in the area to provide reassurance and support . ' in a statement issued through police , a spokesman for the fox family said : ' we are absolutely devastated following the loss of bernadette and sarah and are still trying to come to terms with what has happened to them both . detectives have released cctv images of peter fox arriving at euston station ( right ) in the capital at around 10.57pm on wednesday night after leaving liverpool lime street at 8.18pm ( left ) . ' bernadette , who was a mother of three and grandmother of three , was a very outgoing and lovely person who would n't harm anyone . in fact she only ever had nice things to say about people . she was so caring and would help anyone . ' and sarah was loved by her family and well-liked by her friends and neighbours . she was a fantastic aunty and was a cheeky , bubbly and outgoing person who loved her dog . they will both be greatly missed . ' we would ask that people appreciate that this is a sad and tragic time for the family and that we are left alone to grieve in peace , whilst we try to understand what has happened . ' the family urged anyone with information about the incident to contact police to help them ' find justice for bernadette and sarah ' . police are hunting for 26-year-old peter fox , the brother and son of the two women who were allegedly murdered this week in bootle . sarah fox 's body was found around 9pm on thursday night after police received a phone call about her welfare . a neighbour had reportedly raised the alarm after seeing a dog loose on the streets . another neighbour living close to the flat , who did not want to be named , said : ' i saw one of my neighbours in the street who said he was worried after he noticed the dog from the flat roaming the streets , he had seen it a few times so he knocked on the door but got no answer . ' he called to the house last night and noticed there was a downstairs window open and the back door was ajar . ' it was then that the police were called and officers found sarah fox 's body , who they said had suffered ' multiple injuries ' . ' it 's so shocking . i 've spoken to the girl from those flats before two or three times , she seemed a nice girl , ' the neighbour added . bernadette fox was found when police arrived at her address through other enquiries . one neighbour near the sheltered housing property , who did wish to be named , said : ' the girl 's name was sarah - people called her foxy - and her mum was bernie . ' bernie was harmless and sarah i think had worked at a solicitors nearby , bernie had a son as well . ' the place where bernie lived was sheltered accommodation and it had cameras all over the place . ' there 's a camera over the intercom so anyone letting someone in would see them . it 's a hard place to get into . ' martin stevenson , director of older people 's services at your housing group , said yesterday : ' tragically a body was discovered at one of our roger arden court sheltered scheme apartments in bootle this morning . police launched a double murder inquiry after the bodies of two women were found at separate addresses in bootle , merseyside . pictured , officers outside a property in worcester road . sarah fox , 27 , was found dead with multiple injuries at around 9pm on thursday evening , after police were called to worcester road ( pictured ) over concerns for her welfare . ' merseyside police attended the incident and we are continuing to support them with their investigations . ' our thoughts are very much with the family and friends of the deceased at this difficult time . ' patricia doragh , who lives in a property near the flat , said : ' it is quite a rough area around here especially up the side streets . ' the police are always up and down the main road it 's not a rare thing , it 's a street quite well known for alcohol . ' when i took my grandsons out earlier about 12 o'clock there was nothing here and now all the cordons are up . ' 