two teenage cancer survivors have been left distraught after photographs they posted on facebook to celebrate getting the all-clear were reported for nudity . tiffany williams and jessica versey , both 19 and from chester , cheshire , became close friends during their treatment and went into remission around the same time . they then took to social media to post images of themselves - including one of miss williams’s bald head and another of miss versey’s chest scar - but these were reported for being ‘offensive’ . reported for nudity : tiffany williams and jessica versey , took to social media to post images of themselves – including one of miss williams’s bald head ( left ) and another of miss versey’s chest scar ( right ) . battled through : tiffany williams , pictured with peter andre , was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma this month . shock : the picture tiffany williams uploaded ( left ) was reported by someone on facebook for ' nudity ' . miss williams was cleared of hodgkin lymphoma earlier this month and regularly documented her struggle with losing hair during chemotherapy on facebook . while undergoing treatment she decided to cut off all her hair after choosing against it on many previous occasions - making a ‘ten-minute decision’ that she would get a friend to shave it off . but , telling of what happened next , she said : ‘ feeling proud , i updated my friends on facebook with the caption “ i did it ! ” - and about two hours later found that someone had reported it for nudity . ‘ it didn’t get deleted but i knew it must have been someone i had as a friend . i posted a nice one of me with my make-up on the day after , and that got reported too . tough : this picture , the first selfie miss versey uploaded showing her bald head , was reported for nudity . survivors : miss williams is seen in a photo - not reported to facebook - revealing she had got the all-clear ( left ) , and miss versey 's post with the image of her scar which was reported for nudity is also pictured ( right ) . feeling happy : miss versey , who received lifesaving bone marrow treatment from her ten-year-old sister maisy , said it was ' a massive deal ' for her chemotherapy catheter be taken out after her gruelling cancer battle . joking around : miss williams regularly wrote on her struggle with losing hair to chemotherapy on facebook . ‘ all i was doing was trying to help others that might need that little boost to show that no one is different , with or without hair or scars . ’ if a user wishes to tell facebook that they believe a picture is breaching nudity guidelines , he or she can click on ‘options’ under the image and ‘ report photo’ . the user must then click on ‘nudity’ as the reason for a complaint , before confirming they want to report the image to facebook . it is then sent to the website’s community operations team in ireland , who consider every report and make a decision based on facebook’s community standards . the user whose profile carries the photo will receive a notification to say their image has been reported – but it is only removed if facebook find it breaches guidelines . and she was further shocked last week when leukaemia sufferer miss versey’s photo of the scar left by the removal of her chemotherapy catheter also got reported for nudity . miss versey , who received lifesaving bone marrow treatment from her ten-year-old sister maisy , said it was ‘ a massive deal’ for it be taken out after her gruelling cancer battle . she added : ‘ having that taken out was a big thing for me , as it essentially kept me alive for so long . i shared my scar to show people my body was one step further away from cancer . ‘ as soon as i put it up it was reported for nudity , then straight away a selfie of my bald head was also reported - the first ever picture i posed with no hair . it really upset me as i didn’t see what the big deal was . 'it’s weird that people find it acceptable to post half-naked pictures but yet people get offended by me sharing my journey with cancer . ’ miss williams added that she was distraught to know that ‘ someone that knows me and jess gets a kick’ out of reporting the photographs . a spokesman for facebook said today that it does not comment on individual cases , but referred mailonline to its community guidelines published online for ‘ encouraging respectful behaviour’ . the ‘nudity’ section states : ‘ we remove photographs of people displaying genitals or focusing in on fully exposed buttocks . we also restrict some images of female breasts if they include the nipple . ‘ but we always allow photos of women actively engaged in breastfeeding or showing breasts with post-mastectomy scarring . we also allow photographs of paintings , sculptures and other art that depicts nude figures . ‘ restrictions on the display of both nudity and sexual activity also apply to digitally-created content unless the content is posted for educational , humorous or satirical purposes . ' explicit images of sexual intercourse are prohibited . descriptions of sexual acts that go into vivid detail may also be removed . ' miss versey has almost 4,200 friends on facebook , with 80 of these mutual with miss williams . struggles over : jessica versey ( left ) and tiffany williams ( right ) pictured today after their battles with cancer .