a florida woman , 21 , has been charged with driving under the influence manslaughter after she allegedly hit and killed a 13-year-old girl who was sitting in the street in february , police said . when mackenzi sue-rose miller allegedly struck and killed trinity backmann on february 28 in apopka , her blood alcohol content level was over the legal driving limit , police revealed after a month-long investigation . her bac levels were 0.114 and 0.110 , lab tests showed . the legal limit in florida is 0.08 . mackenzi miller ( left and right ) , of apopka , florida , was charged with dui manslaughter and dui while causing injuries after allegedly hitting and killing 13-year-old trinity bachmann . miller 's blood alcohol content levels were 0.114 and 0.110 , while florida 's legal driving limit is 0.08 . trinity bachmann was sitting in the middle of the road arguing with her mother when both of them were struck by the car . miller was booked into the orange county jail on thursday after turning herself in and is out on a $ 3,500 bond , according to the orlando sentinel . trinity was sitting in the road after an argument with her mother when she was killed , police said . trinity and her mother , janice pedroza , 36 , were heading home from dropping one of the girl 's friends off after they attended the central florida fair at about 8.30pm . after an argument about who would sit in the front seat , trinity said she would walk home and got out of the vehicle , police said . trinity ( left and right ) and her mother , janice pedroza , 36 , were on their way home from the central florida fair , where trinity was planning to show her pig as part of the future farmers of america program . trinity and her mother had been arguing over who would sit in the front seat of the car when trinity said she 'd walk home , got out of the car and sat in the street . pedroza had gotten out of the car to move her when they were struck . she eventually sat in the middle of the road , which is when pedroza got out of the vehicle and tried to get trinity to get back into the car , which she refused , police said . as they were arguing in the street , miller allegedly struck both of them with her vehicle , injuring pedroza and killing trinity . police said miller reeked of alcohol , had glassy , bloodshot eyes and had an open bottle of mike 's hard lemonade in the car . police said miller reeked of alcohol and had an open bottle of mike 's hard lemonade in the car when she allegedly struck trinity , pictured right with her sister ana cruz ( left ) , with her car . trinity 's sister ana cruz said that her sister was her best friend and that her family needed ' to be strong ' to get through the tragedy . she also faces a dui while causing injury charge . trinity 's sister , ana cruz , said that her sister was her best friend . ' we talked about boys and makeup . we did our nails , ' she told wesh in march . ' i was told that god takes the ones he needs and he needed her . we have to be strong and be together . ' trinity was at the central florida fair for a future farmers of america program , where she was preparing to show her pig , robin . a memorial still sits on the side of the road near where trinity and pedroza were hit . one message says ' i 'm gon na miss you so much ! i miss you baby girl ! rest in peace ' .