the second i saw you . by lorna c. beckett . ( british library £16.99 ) during his easter sermon of 1915 , the dean of st paul’s read out rupert brooke’s poem the soldier , which begins : ‘ if i should die , think only this of me : / that there’s some corner of a foreign field / that is forever england . ’ rupert brooke 's ( pictured ) poem the soldier made him famous outside of literary circles . before then , brooke was known only in literary circles . but when the newspapers reprinted the soldier the following day , he became properly famous for the rest of his life — which , as it turned out , lasted just over a fortnight . brooke’s death at 27 from blood poisoning en route to gallipoli duly cemented his image as the poster-boy of heroic self-sacrifice . yet , as the second i saw you richly confirms , he was a lot more interesting than that . the love story it tells was unknown until 2000 , when a british library curator made a thrilling discovery : more than 100 letters exchanged between brooke and an art student called phyllis gardner , together with her secret memoir of their relationship , written in 1918 . now lorna c. beckett , chair of the rupert brooke society , has turned them into a chronological narrative , adding the background information we need , plus her own comments . at times , admittedly , those comments do smack of chick- lit clichés ( including brooke’s unwillingness ‘ to commit’ and phyllis’s need to ‘ move on’ . ) but then again so does the story itself . the 21-year-old phyllis first saw brooke on the london to cambridge train in november 1911 . like everyone else who ever set eyes on him , it seems , she was overwhelmed by his beauty and spent the journey sketching him with her handy chalks . s he then carried the sketch around cambridge , showing it to anyone who might be able to identify him . luckily , the two moved in similar circles , with brooke studying at king’s college and phyllis’s father an archaeology professor . eventually , having tracked him down , she got her parents to invite him to lunch where , according to her memoir , the effect of his arrival was ‘ as though the sun had suddenly risen’ . not all his chat-up lines would work today , though : ‘ your palms sweat , ’ he once told her . ‘ the elizabethans said that was a sign of a passionate disposition . ’ nonetheless , phyllis was smitten , not least after , while on a walk together , the two took off their clothes to wade through a river and she dried him afterwards with her hair . ‘ who was i , ’ she wondered , ‘ that god should give me such piercing joy ? ’ the trouble was that brooke appeared to have accepted such adoration as essentially his due — and not just from phyllis . ( during their time together , the only time he didn’t have one other woman on the go was when he had two ) . nor was he entirely satisfied by being dried with hair . in 2000 , love letters between rupert brooke and phyllis gardner were discovered as well as her secret memoir of their relationship which was written in 1918 . when , after a few months , he proposed sex , phyllis was delighted , on the heart-breaking grounds that ‘ i thought of myself as the happy mother of his child’ — until he made it clear they’d be using contraception . though badly hurt , phyllis naturally sought to excuse brooke’s behaviour , somehow managing to see him as a ‘ poor , lost angel’ led astray by his racy friends . even so , she stuck to her guns . ‘ as i don’t consider you to be there only for my pleasure , ’ she wrote in one letter , ‘ so i expect you not to consider me only there for yours’ — adding a little forlornly , ‘ why don’t you want me enough to do so much as consider the possibility of marrying me ? ’ by comparison , brooke’s self-justifications seem both faintly irritated and distinctly patronising , especially given that he addresses a woman less than three years his junior as ‘child’ . still , it’s hard to disagree with his final verdict , however brutally expressed : ‘ you are meant for love and marriage . i’m a wanderer . ’ and that , as far as the relationship went , was largely that . in may 1913 , brooke headed off to the south seas , where the women , happily , proved more compliant . he continued , though , to write to phyllis as a friend , returning to britain just in time for the war . b y retrieving brooke’s flawed — but wholly recognisable — humanity ( let’s face it ) from beneath the myth , the second i saw you would certainly have met with virginia woolf’s approval . ‘ anyone , ’ she wrote at the height of brooke-mania in 1917 , ‘ who helps us to remember that volatile , irreverent and extremely vivacious spirit before the romantic public took possession of his fame has the right to our gratitude . ’ but the book also does full justice to phyllis herself , who died , unmarried , in 1939 at 48 . after being lost to history for so long , she emerges as a hugely likeable and spirited woman who , for all her wilfully over-generous misreading of brooke’s motives , was never a pushover .  