with its carefully controlled , stage managed events and blandly repetitive slogans , the election campaign so far has been just a little bit boring . but not if you are on nick clegg 's tour , where the lib dem leader has boarded his bright yellow ' fun bus ' for a series of bizarre and unlikely photo opportunities which today saw him try his hand at ten-pin bowling . aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives . and if that means pulling pints , sipping cocktails , hurtling down a zipwire or chatting to joey essex or a hedgehog with a brain injury , mr clegg seems only to happy to oblige . scroll down for video . lib dem leader nick clegg appears determined to enjoy the election campaign , spending his sunday afternoon ten-pin bowling . the visit to the bowling alley in colchester , essex delighted local people , and the press pack who have complained that the campaign so far has been boring . aides say it is part of a deliberate strategy to get the deputy prime minister out of london to meet normal people as they go about their daily lives . the lib dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his regular broadcasts designed to drum up support before may 7 . while strategists admit they struggle to compete in the ' air war ' as labour and the tories dominate the tv and radio bulletins , they believe mr clegg 's enthusiasm for getting out and meeting people is paying off . on the first day of the election campaign , he rushed from a meeting with the queen at buckingham palace to a wildlife sanctuary in solihull . there he was introduced to humpty , a hedgehog with a head injury which means he keeps walking round in circles . mr clegg was told the animals have a lifespan of just five years , which he might be able to relate to as his party faces the prospect of being booted out of government for the first time since 2010 . nick clegg and lib dem candidate lorely burt were introduced to humpty , a hedgehog with a head injury which means he keeps walking round in circles . he took a short break from campaigning to take part in go ape haldon forest park near exeter on wednesday . the deputy prime minister tested the water , but declined to take a dip , during a visit to bath spa on april 6 . mr clegg faced a grilling from towie star joey essex , who seemed a little confused about the liberal democrats’ name . since then he has flown down a zipwire at a go ape park , tested the water at bath spa , planted flowers in newtown , painted a picture at a nursery in sheffield and watched racing wheels coming off the production in chippenham . food and drink has played a big part in the campaign too , from pulling pints in a bath pub , to sipping cocktails in the sun in southampton . he was even presented with cakes with his own face printed on them during a visit to the marginal seat of poole and mid dorset . after launching the party 's nhs manifesto , he was grilled by towie star joey essex , who seemed a little confused about the liberal democrats’ name . mr clegg had to patiently explain that the party was not called ‘demo-cats’ , after essex wondered why it had such a ‘weird’ name . ’ ‘i’ve been deputy prime minister for the last five years , ’ mr clegg added . ‘that’s sick . i sort of rule essex . i was going to say , someone else will be prime minister next ? are you going to be prime minister ? ' the lib dem leader , currently on around 8 per cent in the polls , had to admit this was unlikely . but the pair parted amicable , but not before posing for a selfie . the lib dem leader is touring the country in a bright yellow election battlebus fitted out with a radio studio to allow him to continue his regular broadcasts designed to drum up support before may 7 . food and drink has never been far from the campaign , including pulling pint at the green park brasserie in bath , with lib dem candidate wera hobhouse looking on . when mr clegg invited the itv cameras into his home for a profile , he was seen glugging on white wine while wife miriam spoke about the pressure of politics on family life . mr clegg has been seen drinking real lemonade in holt , wiltshire , a banana wharf liberal cocktail as he talks in southampton and coffee in kingston and surbiton . a cupcake featuring the faces of mr clegg and vikki slade , the lib dem candidate in mid dorset and north poole . a source close to mr clegg said : ' nick as a leader of a major political party has always tried to do things differently . this election campaign is no different . ' it 's lively , it 's fun . he is interacting with normal people , doing things that they do every day , whether it is ten-pint bowling or going down the pub . ' the key is to get out there and get him talking to people in their ordinary environment . ' we are lucky to have a leader in nick who is up for doing anything . he is not afraid of a bacon sandwich . ' labour leader ed miliband , who famously struggled to eat a bacon sandwich for the cameras , has been criticised for appearing throughout the election campaign in front of a red labour backdrop . it was all child 's play as he tried his hand at painting at the old school house nursery school in crosspool near sheffield . he watered and tended some some plants during a visit to the mental health charity the ponthafren association , in newtown . on a visit to dymag , a specialist manufacturer of high performance racing wheels in chippenham , wiltshire there were inevitable jokes about the wheels coming off the lib dem campaign . before setting off for an afternoon ten-pin bowling , mr clegg used a speech in london to warn conservative plans to raise billions of pounds from the ' grubby hands of scroungers ' will not work . the lib dem leader promised to ' spread the burden ' of deficit reduction , with cuts to welfare and whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at the very wealthy . car tax would rise by £25-a-year . but he scaled back his plans for a mansion tax , amid concern it could cost the party support in key seats in affluent parts of london . mr clegg set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises , £7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance , £12 billion in public spending reductions and a £3 billion cut from welfare . but he mocked george osborne 's insistence that another £12billion can be found from the welfare budget . mr clegg warned that it was ' quite simply impossible ' to find savings on that scale without causing ' real pain to millions of families ' and some of the most vulnerable people . 