an ultra luxury penthouse standing 319 metres off the ground in the tallest apartment block in the southern hemisphere has been bought off the plan by a chinese businessman for a record price of $ 25 million . the melbourne apartment , which is spread across the entire 100th floor of super skyscraper australia 108 and boast 360 degrees over the city , is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country , domain reports . the businessman who splashed out on the 750 square metre apartment on southbank promenade plans to live in the luxury pad when it is completed . it is tipped to have at least four bedrooms with huge walk in robes and ensuites . scroll down for video . a melbourne penthouse apartment in the australia 108 complex that boasts 360 degree views of the city has been sold for $ 25 million to a chinese businessman . the melbourne apartment , which is spread across the entire 100th floor of skyscraper australia 108 , is the most expensive single apartment sold in the country . the new owner , whose identity was not disclosed , will have 360 degree views over melbourne 's cbd , their own private grand foyer and glass elevator . the penthouse apartment was sold two months after being advertised as double the size of the average australian home and boasting views that could never be built out . construction has started on the building , which was designed by fender katsalidis architects , and is due to be completed by 2019 . australia 108 will contain 1,105 luxury apartments , as well as retail tenancies , a multi-level carpark and communal facilities for residents including pools , gym , sauna , steam room and private theatre . more than 1,000 apartments have sold off the plan since australia 108 went on the market in february . the 750 square metre apartment on southbank promenade will have 360 degree views over melbourne 's cbd , a private grand foyer and glass elevator . the apartment block has three infinity pools set against floor-to-ceiling glass to give swimmers a view of either the glittering city skyline or shimmering bay . australia 108 will contain 1,105 luxury apartments , as well as retail tenancies , a multi-level carpark and communal facilities for residents including a pool , gym , sauna , steam room and private theatre . australia 108 will contain 1,105 luxury apartments , as well as retail tenancies , a multi-level carpark and communal facilities for residents including pools , gym , sauna , steam room and private theatre . cbre managing director of residential projects andrew leoncelli told domain there was high interest in the penthouse apartment and three local buyers had expressed interest . ' the extraordinary sale of the australia 108 penthouse sets a new benchmark for pricing , breaking all records ever set in australia . it is by far the most opulent , landmark and exciting trophy apartment ever brought to market , ' he said . there are two types of apartments for sale at the super skyscraper complex , including 161 of the cloud residences . these sit above the gold ' starburst ' at levels 70 and 71 , which house luxury services accessible to residents . beneath the ' starburst ' are 944 skyrise residences . the apartment block has three infinity pools set against floor-to-ceiling glass to give swimmers a view of either the glittering city skyline or shimmering bay . ' there will be not a more spectacular place to take a dip than in australia 108 , ' cbre residential projects managing director andrew leoncelli said . ' not for the faint of heart , these pools offer breathtaking views 210 metres above ground . ' at 319 metres high , australia 108 will be the highest residential tower in the southern hemisphere - it beats the neighbouring eureka tower by 22 metres . while the q1 gold coast building beats australia 108 because of a spire that reaches 323 metres , the melbourne building will have the tallest roof line . australia 108 will have three pools and a gym , sauna and steam room located in this area of the building known as the ' starburst ' . construction has started on the building , which was designed by fender katsalidis architects , and is due to be completed by 2019 . at 319 metres high , australia 108 will be the highest residential tower in the southern hemisphere - it beats the neighbouring eureka tower by 22 metres . cbre managing director of residential projects andrew leoncelli told domain there was high interest in the penthouse apartment and three local buyers had expressed interest . while the q1 gold coast building beats australia 108 because of a spire that reaches 323 metres , the melbourne building will have the tallest roof line .