a not-for-profit group that organised seminars featuring us anti-vaccination campaigner sherri tenpenny before she had to cancel due to threats of violence has had its charity status cancelled . the australian charities and not-for-profits commission ( acnc ) made the announcement about get rid of sids project on wednesday . the organisation is run by well-known brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger who has penned a number of children 's books , including melanie 's marvelous measles . scroll down for video . get rid of sids , which had been organising events featuring anti-vaccination campaign sherri tenpenny , has had its charity status revoked . in a statement , the acnc said it had revoked get rid of sids project 's charity status after a review into its operations and activities . the decision was effective from april 1 and the organisation had 60 days to lodge an appeal . the acnc was unable to provide any more details of why this had happened because of ' secrecy provisions ' within its act . this means get rid of sids project will lose its right to tax concessions and its deductible gift recipient status . daily mail australia has contacted the organisation for comment . earlier this year , get rid of sids project ran into controversy when it invited dr tenpenny to speak at a number of seminars across australia . the organisation is headed by prominent brisbane anti-vaccination campaigner stephanie messenger . her planned trip caused uproar and was repeatedly boycotted by australian doctors and venues . following a number of cancellations , dr tenpenny made the decision to cancel her remaining talks due to consistent threats of violence from 'anti-free-speech terrorists ' . sherri tenpenny was due to speak at a number of events in brisbane , sydney , adelaide , melbourne and the gold coast . in a statement posted to social media at the time , she cited a number of reasons why she had decided not to come to australia , saying a large number of violent threats , including bomb threats , had been made against venue owners and their families . ' the determination was made to protect the speakers , the public and the venue owners as pro-vaccine extremists have made continual , anonymous threats of vandalism and violence , ' the statement read . earlier this year , get rid of sids project ran into controversy when it invited dr tenpenny to speak at a number of seminars across australia . dr tenpenny revealed that she had also cancelled a private holiday in australia due to concerns for her own personal safety . ' i was coming to speak as an invited guest . however , given the level of hostility that has transpired over the last three weeks , and for the sake of my own personal safety , i have also cancelled my planned vacation in australia , ' she said . stephanie messenger , who heads get rid of sids project and had invited dr tenpenny to speak , is the controversial author of melanie 's marvelous measles . the message of the book , which tells children having the measles is fun , was panned by reviewers on amazon . messenger said the aim of her book was to ' educate children on the benefits of having measles and how you can heal from them naturally and successfully ' . but people on the internet had other ideas about her picture book , with the book receiving 872 ratings of one star . while the reviews sarcastically thanked messenger for her contribution .