sandra bullock hid in her bedroom closet and sounded panicked and tearful at times as she guided police into her house after spotting an intruder last year , according to a 911 call played in court thursday . the oscar-winning actress called police after seeing a man in her home heading for the attic . the roughly 15-minute conversation with a 911 dispatcher is the first piece of evidence a prosecutor presented against joshua corbett , who is charged with stalking the actress and breaking into her home in june . ' i 'm in my closet . i have a safe door , ' bullock , breathing heavily , is heard telling the dispatcher . ' i 'm locked in the closet right now . ' scroll down to hear 911 call . hiding his head : joshua corbett ( right ) appeared in court today at a preliminary hearing for charges of stalking and breaking into actress sandra bullock 's house last summer . panicked : bullock 's distressed 911 call was played in court on thursday . pictured above with her son louis in 2013 , who was fortunately not at the home during the incident . preliminary phase : a judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence for corbett to go on trial . corbett pictured above at an earlier hearing . bullock gave the dispatcher a description of the man and said she went out to investigate noises in her home . ' i thought it was a wind blowing , ' bullock said . ' then i saw the person . ' a police officer testified that corbett was clutching a black notebook with a two-page letter to bullock and magazine photos of the actress when he was arrested . ' he said , `` i 'm sorry . i love you sandy , '' ' los angeles police officer jose bermudez testified . security footage showed corbett outside bullock 's gate each of the three days before his arrest . los angeles police detective christina carlozzi read entries from corbett 's notebook and a letter he wrote to bullock the day before he was arrested at her home . the writings called bullock his wife , professed his love for her , said he wanted to have sex with her and noted the security measures at her home . ' there is two large impervious gates that no one can open but you , ' carlozzi said , reading from the writings found on corbett . ' i hope one day you open them to me . ' bullock is not expected to testify during corbett 's preliminary hearing , during which a judge will determine whether there is enough evidence for corbett to stand trial . corbett also is charged with having an arsenal of illegal weapons , including assault weapons , tracer ammunition and machine guns , that were found when authorities searched his home . corbett was not armed when he was arrested at bullock 's residence , police have said . corbett , 39 , has pleaded not guilty to all charges . bullock told police she was not armed and her son was not home at the time . she tried to navigate police through security at her home , which included a gate at her driveway . the actress attempted to open the gate from her cellphone , but it did n't work . ' now my phone is not working so maybe they know how to override my system , ' bullock told the dispatcher . bullock gave officers instructions on how to find her bedroom . when officers got there , bullock , who sounded like she was in tears , thanked the dispatcher . in the call , bullock says she locked herself in her closet which has a ' safe door ' . it 's unclear whether bullock was in a panic room or a room with a reinforced locking door - similar to that of an actual safe . some celebrities and wealthy persons have so-called panic rooms built into their homes , which they can retreat to for security . these structures ca n't be broken through from any side and are usually stocked with the necessities to survive for days or weeks at a time . however , a closet with a safe door would likely not have reinforced walls on all sides . while a safe door protects against easy entry to a sealed off room , a panic room 's steel structure can keep out fire and has even been built into tornado alley homes as shelter . above , sandra bullock 's los angeles home where the incident happened last june . corbett was reportedly caught on surveillance footage outside the gates of the home each of the three days leading up to his arrest .