bryony hibbert ( pictured ) , 25 , the girlfriend of the footballer caught having drunken sex in the dugout , has slammed those responsible for the clip . this is the first picture of the girlfriend of the semi-professional footballer caught having drunken sex with a female supporter in the dugout after his team 's 4-1 defeat . striker jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs . he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside was shared on social media and has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend bryony hibbert 's forgiveness . the 73rd minute substitute for non-league clitheroe fc , in lancashire , today admitted he had no idea who the woman was and reached out to wayne rooney on twitter for advice . speaking for the first time since he was caught in the act , he said : ' all i want say is that i regret doing what i did . ' i was drunk , i 'd had more than a few drinks , and i want to say i 'm sorry to my family and everyone involved at clitheroe . ' i regret that i did it , not that i got caught . ' i 've spoken and tried to sort things out with bryony . ' everyone in the world knows about it , i just want to get my apology out there . ' i have n't seen the girl since , i do n't have a clue who she is , do n't have a clue . ' his team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at mossley 's seel park stadium in the final game of the season which was billed as a ' ladies day ' to attract more female supporters . the face of the blonde fan can not be seen in the close-up footage . hart was sacked by the club , which play in evo-stik division 1 north , within hours of the footage being shared to fans . his girlfriend bryony hibbert , from oswaldtwistle , lancashire , who has two young children , slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip . writing on the clitheroe football club facebook page , she said : ' have a bit of decency for the people it 's affected . thank god my kids are too young to read . it 's disgusting . i bet their families are far from perfect . ' striker jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs . one person who saw the film , which was shared on twitter and instagram , said mr hart was unaware he was being filmed at first . he said : ' the camera came round the dugout and there was a blonde female with her head down . the man could n't see the camera because his eyes were closed . ' after a few seconds , he opened his eyes and laughed and the camera panned away again . i 've been to mossley afc a few times and it 's clearly their ground . the whole clip is only 10 to 15 seconds . ' mr hart said he thinks of ms hibbert 's children as his own and has n't seen them since the incident . his mother , dawn hart 46 , also revealed jay 's younger sisters have been targeted by trolls , with someone sending the video to the youngest , aged nine . ' i know he 's done wrong , but at the end of the day , he 's my son and to see what people are saying about him , it 's not nice , ' she said . mr hart could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde . ' people have done a lot worse . someone sent the video to my girls as well . ' they know something 's gone on but they do n't know what exactly , and to have to explain it to them when someone sends them something like that is horrible . ' it 's had a knock on effect on his girls as well . ' clitheroe chairwoman anne barker said the player had ' brought the club into disrepute ' . she said : ' i ca n't have somebody wearing the clitheroe fc tracksuit bringing us down . ' it has brought the club into disrepute and it 's not proper for him to scupper our reputation . i expect our players to act professionally . ' it was brought to my attention on saturday night and dealt with through the management . i did offer to speak to him myself but simon ( garner , the manager ) said he would take care of it . ' mr hart previously played for colne fc and padiham fc before joining clitheroe , who currently sit 14th in the evo-stik league first division north . first team manager simon garner , who signed mr hart , said : ' at the time of this unfortunate occurrence on saturday , i was n't there . i had already left the ground . ' i found out later on when i saw how it played out in twitter . i 'm disappointed but we ca n't control what the players do outside the time we are with them . ' they choose what they want to do . unfortunately , jason was wearing the club tracksuit and he knows he has let the club down , so the club has done what it has done . ' he 's disappointed it has gone this far . it 's going to have consequences for him beyond leaving this football club ; with his family and possibly beyond that . ' football is only a small part of it . if he had thought about what would have happened when he did it , he would n't have done it . he will pay for it . ' when i spoke to him , he sounded very apologetic about it . i 'm disappointed for him . he will regret what he did and it was totally wrong . ' no-one from mossley afc was available for comment yesterday . if you know the identity of the blonde , email : jenny.awford @ dailymail.co.uk or call 02036154835 . he was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside was shared on social media and has now begged for his 25-year-old girlfriend bryony hibbert 's forgiveness . his team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at mossley 's seel park stadium ( pictured ) in the final game of the season which was billed as a ' ladies day ' . clitheroe chairwoman anne barker said the player had ' brought the club into disrepute ' , pictured is the club 's official statement . 