injury-ravaged bayern munich beat hoffenheim 2-0 on saturday , shrugging off a string of absences and their midweek champions league defeat at porto to close in on the bundesliga title . sebastian rode scored in the 38th minute and hoffenheim 's andreas beck added an own goal in stoppage time as bayern , with youngsters mitchell weiser and gianluca gaudino in the lineup , opened a 13-point lead over second-placed vfl wolfsburg , in action against schalke 04 on sunday , with five matches left . the german champions , who host porto on tuesday in the champions league quarter-final second leg after wednesday 's 3-1 loss , were without half a dozen starters , including philipp lahm , arjen robben , franck ribery and bastian schweinsteiger . thomas muller celebrates after hoffenheim 's andreas beck scored a stoppage time own goal . but goalkeeper manuel neuer was in top form , spectacularly denying anthony modeste at point blank range after a defensive blunder by brazilian dante . rode then made the most of bayern 's second chance of the game , curling his shot from the edge of the box past keeper oliver baumann . rode was lucky not to be penalised for bringing down eugen polanski in the area a minute later but there was no denying the dominance of bayern , who came close again when robert lewandowski scraped the bar at the start of the second-half . they did get a second goal when thomas mueller charged into the box and cut the ball back to the unfortunate hoffenheim captain beck who slipped the ball into his own net . bayern 's sebastian rode ( eft ) scores the opening goal from close range against hoffenheim on saturday . bayern munich 's players surround sebastian rode after he opened the scoring for the bundesliga leaders . bayer leverkusen crushed relegation-threatened visitors hanover 96 4-0 to jump into third spot on goal difference after borussia moenchengladbach , also on 54 points , drew 0-0 at eintracht frankfurt on friday . borussia dortmund eased past visiting paderborn 3-0 , in their first game since the announcement that coach juergen klopp would leave at the end of the season , to keep their hopes of a europa league place alive . last season 's bundesliga runners-up dortmund climbed to 36 points , in eighth , three off sixth-placed augsburg . bayern munich manager pep guardiola celebrates in front of the away bench as his side went 2-0 up .