a gun-wielding mother has been arrested after allegedly firing into a crowd of people outside an apartment complex in a bid to break up a fight - only for the bullet to hit and kill her teenage son . latoya tilson , 33 , took out a .25-caliber handgun and fired several times into the feuding crowd in college park , georgia , on saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone , police said . but while one bullet struck a 17-year-old boy in the buttocks , another hit tilson 's 15-year-old son , pierre , in the head . pierre had apparently been trying to protect his sister , 13 , from the other boy . when first responders arrived at the scene , the teenager was lying unconscious on the floor . he was not breathing and a bullet was lodged in his head . his mother had fled the scene , it is alleged . scroll down for video . suspect : mother latoya tilson ( pictured ) , 33 , has been arrested after allegedly firing into a crowd of people outside an apartment complex in a bid to break up a fight - only for the bullet to hit and kill her teenage son . victim : tilson fired several times into the feuding crowd in college park , georgia , on saturday night after she was hit in the face by someone , police said . one of the shots killed her 17-year-old son , pierre ( pictured ) . pierre was rushed to grady memorial hospital with a gunshot wound to the back of his head . he remained in intensive care for two days , but despite medics ' best efforts , he died on monday . on saturday night , tilson was arrested on several charges , including aggravated assault and cruelty to children , after shocked witnesses told police she had seemingly accidentally shot her son . she is now expected to face upgraded charges following pierre 's death . the other shooting victim , who has not been named , is believed to have been successfully treated in hospital for his injury . during the incident outside the godby road apartment complex , where tilson lived , pierre was allegedly trying to protect his younger sister from the other boy when the situation escalated . ' the mother went out there allegedly to break it up , ' master sergeant jeff hightower told the atlanta journal-constitution on monday , adding : ' during the altercation , someone hit her in the face . ' tilson then reportedly took out her small-caliber handgun and fired several shots into the crowd , accidentally striking pierre , a freshman at southwest dekalb high school and a keen drummer . scene : when first responders arrived at the scene , pierre was lying unconscious on the floor . he was not breathing and a bullet was lodged in his head . his mother had fled , it is alleged . above , police at the scene . shooting '' the teenager was rushed to grady memorial hospital with a gunshot wound to the back of his head . he remained in intensive care for two days , but despite medics ' best efforts , he died on monday afternoon . first responders arrived at the scene in the 3100 block of godby road at around 8pm . they performed chest compressions on pierre until ems arrived and transported him to hospital . speaking to wsb-tv before pierre 's death at 1.30pm on monday , the victim 's father , wayne jones , said he forgave tilson for ' accidentally ' shooting their son , adding that she was on suicide watch . ' she 's very distraught at this point , ' jones said . ' if she 's looking or listening , i forgive you . ' pierre and his sister reportedly lived with their father , but had been visiting their mother for the easter weekend . neighbors who heard the gunshots were shocked to hear tilson had allegedly shot and killed her son , with many believing the mother should have reacted to the fight differently . one neighbor , leslie brooks , said : ' i just think its really sad . i just think there 's another way that the situation could have been handled . maybe the police could have been called a little sooner . ' it shocked the whole community . because there are a lot of children out . there are a lot of parents . ' i 'm a mother , so i can only imagine the devastation that she is feeling as well . ' she added : ' but to pull out a gun , as a mother into a children 's situation , i just think it 's really sad . ' another , stacey marshall , who was at south hampton estates when the dispute broke out , told 11alive : ' it was n't on purpose at all . it was a mother trying to protect her kids , it just went wrong . ' ' it shocked the whole community ' : neighbors who heard the gunshots were shocked to hear tilson had allegedly shot and killed her son . above , neighbor leslie brooks said tilson could have reacted differently . apartment complex : first responders arrived at the scene ( pictured ) in the 3100 block of godby road at about 8pm . they performed chest compressions on pierre until ems arrived and transported the teen to hospital . southwest dekalb high school band director , james seda , who taught pierre , said he was heartbroken when he heard the news of the shooting - and drove to the hospital to visit the teen . he reportedly played one of the victim 's drum solos in a bid to get him to respond , but to no avail . tilson also faces charges of family violence , reckless conduct and the use of a firearm during the commission of a felony , cbs reported . and she will likely face a number of upgraded charges . she waived her first court appearance on monday . her next hearing will take place on april 20 . fulton county district’s attorney office is dealing with the case . an investigation is ongoing .