dear lord hall , my jeans are too tight , my hairstyle is an exercise in holding back the years , my friends are all incredibly right-wing and i’ve got hog-whimperingly drunk in the presence of david cameron on more than one occasion . but none of these are the reasons why i want you to give me jeremy clarkson’s job . i know many men may baulk at the suggestion that a woman can take jeremy’s place . just look at what happened to sue perkins this week , who received a barrage of abuse on twitter when her name was mentioned for the role , along the lines of : ‘ men do cars , women do cake . ’ but i think i’m perfect for the job , and my principal qualification is entirely basic . i love cars . scroll down for video . sarah vine says the bbc need to look further than just men when it comes to finding a tv presenter to replace jeremy clarkson on top gear . why ? because women love cars just as much men ! i like the big ones with leather seats and walnut dashboards . i like the mad ones with three types of suspension . i like the small , nippy ones with exciting turning circles . i like the old-fashioned ones with manual chokes . i even like those weird french ones with the hydraulic suspension that feel and handle like ocean-liners . all the most memorable moments in my life feature the internal combustion engine . as a baby , the only way my parents could get me to go to sleep was to drive me round the block in their mini cooper . several times . once i’d nodded off , they’d reward themselves with a pint and a packet of crisps , leaving me happily slumbering in the pub car park . those were more laissez-faire times . when i was four , we emigrated to italy and the mini was sold . i clung on to the bumper for dear life , as though they had come to take away my favourite teddy . in the end it was all right , though , because it was soon replaced by a far more exciting prospect : an orange alfasud — an alfa romeo for poor people — in which we would whizz around rome at breakneck speed . it wasn’t until my father landed a job with fiat , however , that the motor car really became central to my life . we headed north to the car capital of the world , turin . back then , it was a frantic place of endless smog and honking horns . just like clarkson , ' my jeans are too tight and my hairstyle is an exercise in holding back the years , ' says sarah vine , but that 's not the reason she believes she 'd be perfect for the vacant role on top gear . here they made everything you can possibly imagine on wheels , from the great iveco trucks to flashy ferraris . cars were the lifeblood of the city . every year , when the time came to make the pilgrimage home to britain to visit relatives , my parents would take turns driving , never stopping ( they didn’t want to have to pay for a hotel room ) , as we children sat in the back eating our way through the vast supply of my mother’s tiny chicken sandwiches . my father , meanwhile , would smoke cigarillos , drink beer ( he kept a coolbox in the front ) , burp loudly ( much to my mother’s horror and our delight ) and listen obsessively , over and over again , to whichever new music tape was grabbing his attention at the time . these trips gave me my musical education — and also instilled in me a great love of long-distance driving — not to mention an obsession with road movies : thelma & louise , easy rider , the motorcycle diaries , mad max , disney’s cars . top gear is definitely not just for male petrolheads — 40 per cent of the show’s audience is female . so you see , dear lord tony , to me , the motor car is so much more than a set of gears and an engine . it is freedom , possibility , adventure . and i’m no car snob either : over the years i owned cars of all pedigrees and prices , from my first , a burgundy mini van bought for £500 , through various follies to a 1967 karmann ghia that burnt more oil than it ever did petrol . but perhaps my favourite was the old irish-reg vw beetle which stalled in front of the houses of parliament ( the accelerator cable had snapped ) . by the time i returned from calling the aa from the phone booth — this was before mobile phones — the square had been closed off , the car surrounded by police cars and bomb disposal experts were preparing to carry out a controlled explosion on it . oops . now i drive a rather more reliable sky blue fiat 500 — the new model . we have a family car , too : a tragically dull nissan . but the fiat is mine , and mine alone . despite being the size of a peanut , it has six gears ( i hate point-and-press automatics , they take all the fun out of driving ) and a special button that says ‘sport’ on it . if i press it , the exhaust makes a pleasing ‘ vroom , vroom’ noise , and my right foot itches to go all the way to the floor . you see , i like to be in control when i’m behind the wheel . i’m not one of those women who pootles along at a constant 70 in the middle lane of a motorway , rummaging around in her bag for lipstick , or surreptitiously checking her texts . when i drive a car , i really drive it . sue perkins ( pictured ) received a barrage of abuse on twitter this week after her name was mentioned in association with presenting top gear . perhaps it’s the fact that i learnt to drive in italy , where every other driver is either a drunk or a lunatic , but i never take my eyes off the road . driving for me is not just a means for getting from a to b , it’s a destination in itself , an exercise in judgment and quick-thinking . on the morning school run , i take great delight in achieving just the right degree of acceleration at just the right time , so that i catch a run of green lights and never end up trapped in the wrong lane . i scoff at those who drive with their eyes on the satnav instead of on the tarmac . on motorways , i check my wing and rear view mirrors every few seconds , to make sure i am at all times aware of other vehicles around me . i switch lanes constantly for speed and safety — and yes , i am one of those people who drives up behind you as you’re cruising half asleep in the fast lane and flashes their lights . it’s the fast lane , guys , the clue is in the name . as for parking — well , suffice to say , i loathe parking sensors . they’re far too jittery , and they seem to misunderstand the fundamental principle of bumpers , which is that they are for bumping . gently , of course . jeremy clarkson ( pictured ) did not have his contract renewed with the bbc show after an incident with a member of the production staff . as for the idea of a self-parking car , it fills me with horror . i’m extremely proud of my ability to parallel park in the tiniest of places . there is huge intellectual satisfaction to be gained from judging the space just so . all this , as you can imagine , makes me the most intolerable car bore . as well as an infuriating person to have in the back seat . which is why my poor husband , who went to immense lengths to obtain his licence after the children were born , never gets a look in . i pretend it’s because i don’t trust his driving ( it took him seven attempts to pass his test ) . but actually his driving is fine . it’s just that i relish every and any opportunity to get behind the wheel . to feel the power beneath the pedals , to be mistress of the open road , to be in charge of the radio setting — these are some of the things that make me happiest in life . i drive , therefore i am . yours hopefully , sarah . ( aka mrs toad ) ps . i have a full , clean driving licence .