a spanish woman found dead alongside her british partner and two children in gibraltar is believed to have killed her family before taking her own life . anarda de la caridad perez friman , 37 , is said to have been ' suffering from post-natal depression ' when she allegedly stabbed john joseph shannon , 31 , the couple 's six-week-old baby and her daughter , four . mr shannon , from liverpool , had initially been accused of killing his partner and the two children , but police now believe perez friman , a spanish national of cuban descent , to be the culprit . scene : john joseph shannon , from liverpool , was found dead alongside his partner anarda de la caridad perez friman , 37 , their six-week-old baby eve and perez friman 's daughter . the couple and the two children , identified as eve shannon perez , and amanda kristoffersen perez , perez friman 's daughter from a previous relationship , were found dead earlier this week . according to police , the scene was so horrific that the officers who found their bodies were offered counselling . the family , who lived in estepona , spain , had arrived in gibraltar on march 25 , and were staying in an apartment in the boschetti steps area owned by a family friend . perez friman is said to have suffered a ' psychotic incident ' as a result of post-natal depression , and stabbed her partner and the two children before taking her own life , the sunday express reports . according to the newspaper , mr shannon 's body was found with defensive wounds which suggest that he has been trying to protect the children before being killed . accusations : initial reports indicated that mr shannon was responsible for the gruesome killings , but police now believe that perez friman suffered a ' psychotic incident ' as a result of post-natal depression . acting superintendent wayne tunbridge , who is leading the investigation , said : ' we are not looking for anyone outside of the family at this stage but we have numerous lines of enquiry . ' we are in communication with the family members of the four deceased who now must come to gibraltar before we release any details about the individuals . the family were found in the rented flat in the boschetti 's steps area at 11.35am on monday . royal gibraltar police said the family had been living in estepona , malaga before arriving in gibraltar and ' it is understood that it was their intention to travel to the united kingdom ' . gibraltar police is now awaiting the results of postmortem examinations conducted by home office pathologists .