the duchess of cambridge 's baby is due as early as today , it has been revealed . according to one well-placed source , kate 's real due date is today or tomorrow - which would tie in with comments made by the duchess herself . speaking during an engagement in london last month , she said that her second child is due ' mid to late april ' . scroll down for video . due today ? the duchess of cambridge revealed her baby is due ' mid to late april ' during a visit last month . kate , 33 , who was touring the stephen lawrence centre in deptford with prince william , added : ' not long to go now . ' although april 25 is widely thought to be the duchess ' due date , royal sources point out that it has never been officially confirmed as such . ' we have n't ever confirmed a due date , ' a kensington palace source told mailonline . ' the duchess herself said mid to late april and there have been plenty of dates bandied around in the media but we 've never confirmed anything and we never will . ' however , the 25th remains a favourite with punters according to bookmakers ladbrokes , although tomorrow and friday are also popular and are priced at just 6/1 . the duchess is currently thought to be staying at kensington palace , a short drive from the lindo wing at st. mary 's hospital where she is due to give birth . popular : the 25th is the favourite but the palace says neither that date or any other has been confirmed . preparations : the police were seen making final checks ahead of the birth outside the lindo wing yesterday . yesterday , police could be seen searching the area in preparation for the duchess ' arrival and were seen peering under traffic cones and taking lamp posts apart . according to a statement released by kensington palace the same day , the new baby 's father , prince william , has finished his air ambulance training early and will now avoid the two-hour dash from norfolk that some had predicted . ' the duke of cambridge has completed the first phase of his in-work air ambulance helicopter pilot training with bond air services earlier than anticipated , ' the statement read . ' this is due to a combination of the duke performing well in the various modules and having very good flying conditions that allowed flight training and assessment to progress more quickly than had been planned . ' as he now will not have any further training to complete after returning from paternity leave , he will not return to duties with bond until that time , and will remain on unpaid leave until then . ' fans : royal fans have also set up camp outside the hospital , among them terry hut , 71 . ready to go : the scenes outside the hospital are reminiscent of those seen for prince george in 2013 . back in town : the palace has said prince harry will be in london this weekend before returning to australia . but concerns have been raised about the possibility of the royal birth clashing with official events to mark the centenary of the dardanelles campaign , with prince william due to attend a wreath-laying service at the cenotaph on saturday . the ceremony , which is also being held to mark anzac day , will be mirrored by another taking place in turkey which is due to be attended by the prince of wales and prince harry . kensington palace have also said that rather than return directly to australia , where he is currently taking part in training exercises with the australian defence force , harry will briefly travel back to london instead . harry will attend sunday 's london marathon , which , according to palace sources , is a long-standing commitment but one that could be confirmed only after his australian army schedule had been firmed up . 