a texas state trooper who did what millions of hip-hop fans would love to do and posed for a picture with snoop dogg was told he has ''deficiencies indicating need for counseling ' . department of public safety trooper billy spears posed for the photograph with snoop at south by southwest in austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech . spears , who is based out of the state 's gilmer office , posed for the photo at the rapper 's request . scroll down for video . department of public safety trooper billy spears ( left ) was disciplined last week for posing with snoop dogg . snoop requested the photo at south by southwest in austin after the rap icon delivered his keynote speech . spears ' bosses called snoop a figure who has a ' criminal background including numerous drug charges ' . after his publicist took the photo , snoop - whose real name is calvin broadus - posted it to instagram with the caption : ' me n my deputy dogg ' . spears ' bosses at dps saw the posting and then cited him , according to the dallas morning news . the official reprimand read : ' while working a secondary employment job , trooper spears took a photo with a public figure who has a well-known criminal background including numerous drug charges . ' the public figure posted the photo on social media and it reflects poorly on the agency . ' the counseling advised spears to say no when people ask for a picture with him . snoop has convictions for drug possession and stood trial for murder in 1993 before being acquitted . since spears was only reprimanded with counseling , dps does not view the penalty as a formal disciplinary action and the trooper can not appeal . dps spokesman tom vinger said on wednesday : ' dps does not typically discuss or release specifics of personnel issues unless they result in disciplinary action as outlined in government code 411.00755 and 411.0072 . ' supervisors counsel and coach employees on a regular basis , and these efforts do not constitute formal discipline by the department . ' the counseling advised spears to say no when people ask for a picture with him but that 's about it . attorney ty clevenger is representing spears and covering the case on his blog . he wrote : ' dps claims that the counseling forms are not really discipline , therefore the employee has no right to appeal . ' yet those counseling incidents can block a trooper’s chances for promotion or advancement . ' so it appears that dps commanders are papering billy’s file with counseling incidents because they can’t prove that he violated any law , order , or policy , and they know that he will beat them with the law and the facts if he is given an opportunity to appeal . ' clevenger is calling public attention to the situation and has written letters to officials at dps . it seems the department of public safety has a problem with snoop but austin police seem okay with him .