kansas has become the first state to ban a common second-trimester abortion procedure that critics describe as dismembering a fetus . republican gov . sam brownback , a strong abortion opponent , signed the ' kansas unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act on tuesday . it takes effect july 1 . the law bans the so-called ' dilation and evacuation ' procedure and redefines it as ' dismemberment abortion . ' sam brownback , the governor of kansas , tweeted a photo on tuesday showing him signing the abortion-ban bill into law . kansas abortion opponents have spent years pushing their state to the right on the contentious issue , including this 2013 rally at the steps of the kansas statehouse in topeka . drafted by the national right to life committee , the measure also has been introduced in missouri , oklahoma and south carolina , though only kansas lawmakers have passed it . ' the unborn child protection from dismemberment abortion act is the first of what we hope will be many state laws banning dismemberment abortions , ' national right to life president carol tobias told the new york times . ' this law has the power to transform the landscape of abortion policy in the united states , ' she said . julie burkhart , the chief executive of the trust women foundation , predicted that her group would challenge the law in court . ' we call it the `` physician intimidation and criminalization act '' , ' burkhart told the times . ' this is unconstitutional . ' planned parenthood of kansas and mid-missouri is also considering a lawsuit . but the governor is holding firm . brownback has presided over one of the nation 's most aggressive pushes to limit abortions , resulting in at least 20 laws restricting the practice of medically terminating pregnancies . ' this is a horrific procedure , ' brownback spokesman eileen hawley said . ' he hopes the nation follows suit . ' brownback , a popular conservative governor , won a second term in november despite a bruising campaign largely centered on the state 's economy – not social issues . kansas state rep. john wilson , a democratic lawmaker from lawrence , kansas , is an abortion-right proponent ; he asked during a march debate why pro-life groups do n't spend more time trying to prevent unwanted pregnancies . the procedure is banned except when necessary to save a woman 's life or prevent irreversible damage to her physical health . there is no exception in the law for incest or victims of rape . the new kansas law specifically explains in graphic language the procedure it bans : doctors can not use forceps , clamps , scissors or similar instruments on a fetus to remove it from the womb in pieces . abortion rights supporters said the procedure is often the safest for women seeking to terminate pregnancies during the second trimester . the procedure accounted for about 9 percent of abortions last year in kansas , where most pregnancies are terminated in the first trimester and the state already bans most abortions at or after the 22nd week . ' this dangerous law dictates to qualified physicians how they can practice medicine and treat their patients , ' julie burkhart , founder and ceo of trust women , said in a statement . brownback signed the bill in a private ceremony at his official residence . his office said he would re-enact it at multiple public events later this month . a photo from tuesday 's ceremony tweeted by the governor 's office showed brownback flanked by anti-abortion leaders and two large photos of fetuses .