a woman who already has four children is set to become a mother of seven after falling pregnant with triplets . nadine crooks , 33 , who lives in smethwick , west midlands , was stunned to discover she was expecting again as doctors told her she was infertile after she had her fourth child . she stopped taking contraceptives after learning she had polycystic ovary syndrome following the birth of her son joshua 18 months ago . set to become seven siblings : nadine crooks who is expecting triplets pictured with her four children , from left , trae ( 13 ) , roxanne ( 18 ) , zion ( 9 ) and joshua ( 1 ) . the 33-year-old was stunned to fall pregnant again after being told she was infertile . doctors said she would never be able to conceive naturally again after cysts were found on both her swollen ovaries . she stopped taking the pill and was stunned when she fell pregnant for a fifth time last november . she said : ' i was shocked when i found out i was pregnant . when they told me i was going to have three , i could n't believe it at all . ' they had told me i had polycystic ovaries shortly after joshua was born . ' i decided to stop taking contraceptives and thought that was that . i was content with my four children so the idea of almost doubling my family has taken some getting used to . ' nadine was told polycystic ovary syndrome would prevent her becoming pregnant again following the birth of her fourth child , joshua , pictured . nadine has been told she is now expecting two boys and a girl with her 35-year-old partner , who did not want to be named . the triplets will be siblings to roxanne , 18 , trae , 13 , and zion , nine , and joshua , 18 months . the mother , who was born in jamaica , said : ' i thought i was finished with babies . it is incredible . ' she found out she was expecting triplets , who are due in july , at her 12-week scan at birmingham women 's hospital . ' i 'm thrilled about it now but at the time i thought it must be some kind of joke . i knew i was pregnant though because i obviously know the signs by now , ' nadine said . ' i have no history of twins or triplets in my family and neither does my partner but we feel blessed to be having more children . ' nadine with her four children said they are all amazed that she 's set to have three more . her unplanned pregnancy meant she had to give up a college course in hairdressing so she can remain a full-time mother . ' i had planned to go to college but then i found i was pregnant . i wanted to further my career . i had been a hairdresser for some time but wanted to take the hairdressing course at college . ' so it has had an effect on my career . i really wanted to carry on working but had to stop , ' she explained . the mother-of-four admits her whole family were amazed when she announced she would be adding another three to her brood . the expectant mother had been due to start a course in hairdressing but her career plans are now on hold . nadine 's scans , pictured left and right , have revealed she is expecting two boys and a girl due in july . she said : ' my family were shocked but i am only coming to terms with it now myself . my mum was not very happy . she thought four children was enough . ' when their father found out , he put his head in hands . he was quite shocked . ' i used to watch these programmes on tv about people with triplets and quadruplets and think i could n't cope with that but i 've got lots of family to help me when they arrive . ' nadine 's pregnancy has also baffled doctors . she said : ' after the babies are born they are going to have a look to see what is going on . they will do some tests . i do n't have a clue what has happened . i just do n't know . '