a pennsylvania math teacher was called ' dangling candy ' by the judge who sentenced her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student . erica ann ginneti , 35 , a married mother of three from philadelphia , pleaded guilty in december to institutional sexual assault and disseminating sexually explicit materials to a minor . during her sentencing , montgomery county court judge garrett d. page reportedly asked ' what young man would not jump on that candy ? ' erica ginnetti , 35 , was referred to as ' dangling candy ' by montgomery county court judge garrett d. page , who also reportedly asked ' what young man would not jump on that candy ? ' before sentencing her to 30 days in jail for having sex with a 17-year-old student . page made the ' dangling candy ' comment as he chastised ginneti for sending the student explicit photos and videos of herself , according to huffington post . the former math and calculus teacher at lower moreland township school district had been facing seven to 14 years in prison , but on friday judge page sentenced her to 3-23 months , including the first 30 days in jail and the next 60 on house arrest . page 's comments drew criticism from many people , who were also outraged at what they said was a lenient sentencing . ginnetti , pictured above with her husband , first approached her victim in may 2013 when she chaperoned the senior prom and invited him to come work out at her gym . ginneti will also face three years’ probation , 100 hours of community service and will have to register as a sex offender for the next 25 years , according to the intelligencer . in court friday , ginneti wept as she read a letter of apology in hopes of offering the victim ' closure for this nightmare . ' prosecutors said the boy had seen his grades drop in his senior year and has been struggling with social interactions . the former educator described for the court how she has reconciled with her family and embarked on a new career as a fitness instructor . in her time off , she volunteers at a church , reported philadelphia inquirer . page told ginneti he was certain she would continue to turn her life around , but he reminded her that her ill-thought actions had had devastating consequences . ' one bad day because of sexual hunger has resulted in all this avalanche of harm , ' page stated . two months after ginnetti first met her 17-year-old victim at his prom in may 2013 they drove to an industrial park and had sex in her car . the judge later clarified that he does not think the defendant is a ' bad human being , ' but stated she must be punished for her ‘ bad act . ’ ginneti 's attorney asked the judge to spare her jail time so she could care for her small children . she was fired by lower moreland township school district after her arrest in january . according to investigators , the teacher first approached the victim in may 2013 when she chaperoned the senior prom and invited him to come work out at her gym . a few days later the 17-year-old responded to ginnetti with a text message , and the two began communicating on a daily basis . the criminal complaint against ginnetti says that over the next several months , she sent the minor sexually explicit text messages , photos depicting her wearing bikini , a thong and other underwear , and videos showing the woman undressing suggestively and performing a sexual act on herself , according to the bucks county courier times . according to officials , the illicit relationship culminated in july 2013 when ginnetti and the student met for coffee in starbucks and then drove to an industrial park to have sex in her car . she then allegedly dropped her paramour back at the coffee shop and told him not to tell anyone about the encounter . the 35-year-old , pictured above after her arrest in january 2014 , will have to perform community service and register as a sex offender . as part of her $ 50,000 bail condition in january , ginnetti was forbidden from having unsupervised contact with any minors except for her own children - aged 8 , 11 and 14 . authorities say the investigation began after they received a tip-off that students had been overheard discussing x-rated pictures showing a minor and ginnetti doing ' sexual things . ' when police questioned the 17-year-old boy , he came clean about the affair and ginnetti then also confessed to having a relationship with the student , police said . ‘ i would say that she treated her relationship with this student as she would have treated a relationship with an adult with whom she was involved , ’ montgomery county district attorney risa vetri ferman told the mercury news in january . police said they found several texts the lovers had exchanged discussing their july outing and one mentioning ‘ a used condom that had been left in ginnetti’s vehicle , ’ according to the criminal complaint . on the night of the alleged tryst , after he returned home , the student told police he got a text from ginnetti asking him to ‘ do it again . ’ as part of her $ 50,000 bail condition in january , ginnetti was forbidden from having unsupervised contact with any minors except for her own children , ages 8 , 11 and 14 . she also had to surrender her passport , and the authorities have been keeping track of her using a gps device .