he could have put it anywhere really . stuck it away simply , without too much fuss . yes , there was a goalkeeper still to beat but running straight on to the target , not a blue shirt in range , the odds were most certainly with luis suarez . yet every great player has a showman inside and the uruguayan is no exception . his finish — curled into the top corner , right-footed , inch perfect , yet explosive — was a moment of pure pleasure , a flourish that will not be forgotten . it was also barcelona’s third — probably the goal that puts this tie beyond reach . here was a goal-scorer at the top of his game , playing for a club that now brings the best out of him . if there ever was a battle of egos at barcelona , it is over and football has won . luis suarez scores his second goal , sending paris saint-germain keeper salvatore sirigu the wrong way , to make it 3-0 to barcelona . suarez nutmegs david luiz for the second time as he eases past the brazilian defender on his way to another stunning strike . former chelsea defender luiz is left dejected after being embarrassed by suarez for the second time on wednesday evening . suarez ( centre ) celebrates his goal as psg 's players are left dejected after being unable to stop the uruguayan . psg ( 4-3-3 ) : sirigu 6 ; van der wiel 5.5 , marquinhos 6.5 , silva 5.5 ( luiz 21 , 5.5 ) , maxwell 6 ; rabiot 6 ( lucas 65 , 5 ) , cabaye 5 , matuidi 7 ; lavezzi 5.5 , cavani 5.5 , pastore 6 . subs not used : douchez , camara , bahebeck , digne , kimpembe . goals : neymar 18 , suarez 67 , 79 . bookings : cabaye , 36 . manager : laurent blanc 6 . barcelona ( 4-3-3 ) : ter stegen 6 ; montoya 6 ( montoya 80 ) , pique 6.5 , mascherano 8 , alba 6.5 ; busquets 7 , rakitic 5.5 ( mathieu 74 , 5 ) , iniesta 6 ( xavi 53 , 6 ) ; suarez 8.5 , messi 6.5 , neymar 7.5 . subs not used : bravo , pedro , rafinha , bartra . bookings : pique , messi . manager : luis enrique 7 . man of the match : luis suarez . referee : mark clattenburg ( england ) 7 . stadium : parc de princes . by adam crafton . lionel messi is playing with joy again , and bringing the best out of neymar and suarez , too . the catalans have scored more goals than any champions league team away from home this season — and all have come from their forward trio . suarez has 11 goals in his last 11 games for barcelona , and six in six in the champions league . liverpool fans will not enjoy hearing this , but he seems at home . so maybe it has something to do with the players after all . suarez wasn’t schooled in tiki-taka or the barcelona way , but the combination of an energetic high pressing game married to quite gorgeous technique and invention fits him like a glove . as barcelona’s old boss , pep guardiola , struggled with his new group against porto , barcelona marched on , their philosophy enduring beyond coaches or academies . they buy great players , and these players often do great things . that is the barcelona way too . paris st-germain got a late and lucky consolation goal that some will feel keeps this tie competitive , but for those of a more earthbound persuasion it is hard to see it as anything but over . suarez killed it with his two goals leaving psg to seek a 3-0 win at the nou camp inside 90 minutes to progress . and they haven’t got nil in them — not against this trio . david luiz was suarez’s victim here , and he took chunks out of his reputation , without so much as a baring of teeth . for once , though , sympathy was with the brazilian . a hamstring injury was due to keep him out for a month — and that was just 10 days ago . shorn of key individuals by injury and suspension , laurent blanc started with luiz on the bench — and was forced to promote him to the action after 21 minutes when thiago silva limped out of the game . barcelona were already ahead by then and instantly one feared for luiz against opponents with such flair and movement . it took a while , but eventually those fears were realised . luiz , to his credit , was up for it — he just wasn’t up to it , which is different entirely . suarez would have known that , and known luiz’s defensive frailties even when fit from his time in the premier league , and the way the goals were scored suggested he had no compunction capitalising on it either . suarez scores his first goal of the night to make it 2-0 to barcelona after bustling past three psg defenders . suarez nutmegs luiz wide on the right touchline on his way to scoring barcelona 's second goal of the evening . suarez runs away to celebrate his goal as he joined by his ecstatic team-mate neymar , who had earlier made it 1-0 to barcelona . suarez is mobbed by his jubilant barcelona team-mates after his first goal as they enjoy their trip to france . basically , to get nut-megged once is unfortunate ; to have it happen twice suggests someone is trying to make you look a twit . this was street football — and not for the first time luiz was cast as the plaything of a hapless gamer . what skill by suarez , though . collecting the ball on the right flank , he turned and put it through luiz’s legs , leaving him helpless and unable to recover . suarez then held off two psg players as he darted through the tightest of gaps into the penalty area , finishing past an equally defeated keeper salvatore sirigu . his next was even better . through the middle , charging directly at luiz , embarrassing him with a nutmeg again , before finishing in style , an absolute gem of a goal . it is hard to imagine how , even with the fillip of gregory van der wiel’s deflected shot , psg can claw this back . blanc’s team have enormous spirit as chelsea discovered and held their end up here , too , but barcelona simply have too much class . they took their chances and psg did not — a fatal flaw with the odds already stacked against them . neymar ( centre ) opens the scoring for barcelona after just 18 minutes with a side-foot shot into the bottom right hand corner of the goal . neymar celebrates his fourth champions league goal in eight matches this season by putting the ball under his shirt . neymar is mobbed by barcelona team-mate messi , who provided the assist for the brazilian 's goal . barcelona worked the ball well for neymar to open the scoring - click here to read our brilliant match zone from the game . edinson cavani was the prime culprit and he had a night of clumsy control and missed opportunity when it mattered most . javier pastore , too . eric cantona says that he is the best player in the world , better than messi or cristiano ronaldo — but not all of eric’s statements are shot through with wisdom . pastore set the tone for psg in front of goal , by making a hash of their first chance of the night . when they did finally score it was only because a tame shot by van der wiel took a spiteful deflection off substitute jeremy mathieu . barcelona started well and could have gone ahead when messi hit a post with a curling 20-yard shot after 14 minutes . it served as a warning and four minutes later barcelona went ahead . the move began , as so many do , with sergio busquets breaking up play . from there , barcelona countered with terrifying speed , messi feeding neymar , who finished astutely with only sirigu to beat . he could have had another after 26 minutes when a fine jinking run forced a good save . javier pastore fluffs his lines as he misses a brilliant chance to put psg 1-0 up against the run of play . gregory van der wiel 's ( left ) late deflected effort gave psg a glimmer of hope ahead of the second leg next week . shortly before half-time the italian was needed again , when luiz took on too much sweeping up at the back and was caught in possession by suarez . he curled a shot which sirigu plucked out of the air , the last time he would get the better of their exchanges . not everything barcelona does is beautiful , however . jordi alba’s dive under pressure from thiago silva after five minutes was deeply unimpressive and deserved a booking . mark clattenburg , the referee , ducked out of that one , although he did later book messi . one to tell the grandkids , no doubt , although they might be more interested in a retelling of suarez’s goals . edison cavani ( centre ) sees his diving header fly wide of the target as barcelona keeper marc-andre ter stegen is left helpless . laurent blanc and his coaching staff react after seeing psg struggle to contain barcelona in the parc de princes . england manager roy hodgson ( left ) poses for a picture with a fan at the parc des princes before kick off . french prime minister manuel valls ( left ) speaks with former president nicolas sarkozy in the stands . 