siem de jong is on track to play a part in newcastle 's barclays premier league clash with swansea after taking another step towards ending his eight-month injury nightmare . the 26-year-old holland international midfielder played 72 minutes for the club 's under-21s and set up striker adam armstrong for the decisive goal in a 2-1 victory at aston villa on monday evening . it was his second appearance for peter beardsley 's side since recovering from surgery to repair a collapsed lung and while he admits he is still short of match fitness , he is in contention for a seat on the bench at st james ' park on saturday if head coach john carver requires him . siem de jong , pictured in newcastle training last week , played 72 minutes for the u21s on tuesday . de jong has only made one league start this season but hopes to be involved in first-team again soon . de jong told nufctv : ' the plan always was to be part of that game , to be on the bench . i played 72 , 73 minutes and hopefully i can be part of the team next week . ' we will see what happens . i do n't think i could play 90 minutes yet , especially not on a level higher , so we will have to build it up and see how it goes . ' de jong , a £6million summer signing from ajax , has made only three senior appearances and just a single league start for the club after first suffering a serious thigh injury and then being laid low by a recurrence of a lung problem . his battle for fitness has proved both gruelling and frustrating , and he is already looking forward to the start of the new campaign and launching his magpies career in earnest . he said : ' it 's getting a little bit better . i still feel that it just improves every day , but i still need to keep on improving . i feel it in the power training , but also on the field and in the game . ' i just need to get a few more games in , and i think that will hopefully be a couple of games his season , otherwise start again good next season from pre-season on . ' the dutchman was a £6m summer signing from ajax but has struggled with injuries . de jong was signed to help provide a link between midfield and attack and the kind of invention he provides has been sadly lacking for much of the campaign , particularly in recent weeks as a run of six successive league defeats has left newcastle too close for comfort to the relegation zone . victory - something they have not tasted since february 28 - over the swans on saturday would go a long way towards erasing any fears of being sucked into trouble , although with many fans in open rebellion over owner mike ashley 's stewardship , it may do little to ease the tension on tyneside . 