as the anniversary of their daughter 's suicide approaches , michael and jane cleland have spoken of their battle to have the two teenage boys , who they say bullied their daughter to death , held accountable for their actions under cyber bullying laws . jessica cleland , from wallan , victoria , was 19 when she took her own life on easter saturday last year , after receiving facebook messages from two teenage boys she considered friends saying that they hated her , and that she was a 'f***ing sook ' . her parents said that jessica 's social media accounts were flooded with horrible sentiments the night before she died , and are now desperate to see a change within victoria’s government and the state 's police so that those found guilty of cyber bullying face serious consequences . the parents of jessica cleland ( pictured ) are campaigning for anti-bullying laws to be taken more seriously . ' what we would like to see happen is that if someone is cyber bullying somebody and they cause something like this , then they should be held ­accountable for it , ' said jessica 's father michael . on easter saturday last year , jessica told her her mother that she was going for a run . her sister amy became concerned after seeing an instagram photo jessica uploaded with the caption ' i love this place and i am never going to leave ' . jessica 's father found her body on the sunday in the same place where the photo had been taken . the cleland 's said that jessica was a vibrant and and outgoing girl , who was looking forward to her gap year and had never exhibited symptoms of depression or mental illness before the two former friends began bullying her online . coroner jacqui hawkins said in the report she released in october that jessica 's death highlighted the impact that social media could have on the lives on young people , and that both facebook and text messaging was ' problematic ' for the teenager . ' easy access to the internet on her phone meant that she was exposed to potentially upsetting communications 24 hours a day ; and she was able to return to , and re-read , the upsetting messages at a later time and therefore appears to have continued to ruminate about them , ' the coroners report said . ' although it is not possible to identify , with any degree of certainty , the factors contributing to a person 's decision to take their own life , it is evident that messages received by jessica online proximate to her death ... were precipitating factors , ' reported the abc . jessica ( pictured right , with her sister amy , left ) committed suicide after she was bullied over facebook . following the release of the coroners report , the cleland 's are now campaigning to see cyber bullying taken more seriously in victoria and around australia . victoria already has anti-bullying legislation known as brodie 's law , which was introduced in 2011 after the death of brodie panlock , who committed suicide after being subject to relentless bullying in her workplace . the crime is punishable by ten years in jail , and applies to cyber bullying as well as physical , verbal and psychological bullying . despite these laws , and the finding of the coroner who named the two teenage boys , there has been no charges and no inquest into jessica 's death , which the cleland 's labelled as a failure . police also failed to produce a warrant to obtain communication between jessica and her bullies from facebook and snapchat . the cleland 's said that they were disappointed with the victorian police for failing to investigate and want to see the teenagers held accountable for their actions . ' if you accidentally hit someone in your car you can get manslaughter . what’s the difference if you bully someone and cause them to take their own life ? ' , jessica 's mother jane told the herald-sun . ' they keep saying they’re going to have a big push on cyber bullying and try to knock it on the head , but it seems like it’s too much hard work . ' jessica 's grandmother wrote of the impact of the 19-year-old 's death on the family , and called for harsher enforcement of the anti-bullying legislation . ' it seems there is a law in victoria that criminalises cyber bullying , but it does n't get enforced because of the police paperwork ... cyber bullying is a silent killer of too many of our young ones , ' she wrote . ' we have the evidence ... but where 's the justice ? ' if you or someone you know is struggling with mental illness or depression , please contact lifeline on 13 11 14 .