a year after he launched his own app and made headlines , leo grand is still homeless . on the night he launched his first app , a homeless man predicted that his life was going to change . ' i can work at google , i can work at spacex , ' leo grand gleefully stated minutes after his carpooling app trees for cars went live . ' this will change my life in a magnificent way . ' it 's been a year and a half since that moment led to grand and his mentor , patrick mcconlogue , becoming media sensations . but trees for cars is no longer available , and grand is still homeless , mashable reported . in august 2013 mcconlogue offered grand , the homeless man he saw every day on his walk to work in new york city , a deal : he would either give him $ 100 , or he would teach him how to code . grand realized he could go through ' $ 100 in a few days ' and instead jumped at the opportunity to learn something new that he could then ' turn into something more , ' he told business insider in 2013 . mcconlogue provided grand with daily lessons , as well as a laptop , wireless hot spot , coding books , a solar charger and office space at the start-up where he worked once it got too cold to type outside . grand , who once said he was n't ' the average homeless person ' and that he considered himself 'eco-friendly ' , came up with an app designed to get more cars off the road . ' when i first launched my app it was good , ' grand told mashable this week . ' i was excited , the press was excited , it was just a great moment . ' grand and mcconlogue appeared on tv shows , and he says people loved him everywhere and gave him free coffee at restaurants . being on nbc , he said , was the highlight of his year . ' we got to stay in a nice hotel at rockefeller plaza . a nice , swanky hotel . we got the red carpet rolled out in front of us ! ' he said . but grand is still living on the streets , and he said the number one question people ask him is why he 's still homeless . grand created trees and cars after patrick mcconlogue offered him a deal : $ 100 in cash on the spot or daily coding lessons . grand picked the latter , and was also provided a laptop , office space and coding books . but grand is still living on the streets . he said the number one question people ask him is why he 's still homeless . trees for cars only made grand between $ 10,000 to 15,000 dollars , he said . and mcconlogue has since taken a job in san francisco , although he still meets up with grand every time he 's back in new york . the app is no longer in online stores because grand does not want to pay for its server space . grand instead uses the money he made from the app to pay for his storage space . he also keeps some possessions in a shopping cart . he insists that he likes living outdoors , although he said he plans to move into an apartment after he makes his second app . grand said if he could do it all over again , he would have made a different app the first time around . ' i would 've probably come up with a better idea for a mobile application that can generate a ton of revenue , ' he told mashable . for now , grand said he does not code everyday anymore . he said ' life ' is the reason for that . ' i 've got the books , i 've got the laptop , i 've got the office space . i just have n't been able to get over there recently . ' grand , who gets by with welding jobs and worked for metlife until he lost his job in 2011 , once said the most hurtful thing someone could say to him was that he was dumb or not intelligent . ' homelessness is not a feature of someone or a condition , ' mcconlogue said . ' it is something that people put a lot of people - in a lot of different situations - into one giant box . ' grand said if he could do it all over again , he would have ' come up with a better ideal ' that would have generated more revenue . he said he only made around $ 10-15,000 with trees for cars .