the manchester derby will be more like el clasico , with 14 native spanish-speaking players due to be involved . eight of united’s first-team squad and six from city are from spain or spanish-speaking countries . they are david de gea , victor valdes , juan mata , ander herrera ( all spain ) , marcos rojo , angel di maria ( both argentina ) , antonio valencia ( ecuador ) and falcao ( colombia ) at united , and willy caballero , pablo zabaleta , martin demichelis , sergio aguero ( all argentina ) , jesus navas and david silva ( both spain ) at city . sergio aguero will be one of 14 native spanish-speaking players to feature in the manchester derby on sunday . united captain wayne rooney ( centre ) is likely to be just one of nine english-speakers to feature on sunday . nine english-speakers are expected to be in the two sides’ respective 18-man squads including england internationals phil jones , michael carrick , ashley young , wayne rooney , joe hart , james milner as well as frank lampard . both clubs pride themselves on bringing through their own products . however , when sir alex arrived at old trafford he was disgusted to learn that city scooped the cream of manchester 's talent and quickly ( and successfully ) set about putting that right . a generation such as the class of '92 is unlikely to be seen again , but the derby could see no mancunians in either squad for the second time in a row . sir alex ferguson was disgusted that city 's youth academy was more profitable on arrival at united . along with ferguson , eric harrison ( left ) brought through the class of 92 , to include ryan giggs , nicky butt , david beckham , gary neville , phil neville , paul scholes and terry cooke . for three years , after the departure of wes brown to sunderland , danny welbeck flew the manchester flag . but following the longsight lad 's move to arsenal , november 's first instalment at the etihad stadium saw not one hometown native in either squad for the first time in living memory . rooney was only born 30 miles down the road but he may as well be from another planet as far as many from this neck of the woods are concerned . unless tyler blackett can stun the football world and force his way into louis van gaal 's united line-up , it will be a manc-free derby . unless tyler blackett ( centre ) makes a comeback for united there wo n't be any local lads in the two xis .