at 12 , she became the youngest player to appear in the u.s women 's open . now 20 , lexi thompson can boast six professional championships and most recently , a provocative magazine cover . the lpga player , who has career earnings of almost $ 3million , will appear topless on the front of the may edition of golf digest - using only a towel to cover her torso . professional golfer lexi thompson , 20 , will appear on the front of may 's edition of golf digest . she appeared in the women 's u.s. open when she was just 12 . at the time she was the youngest player ever to have appeared in the major tournament . she celebrated the shoot by tweeting : ' i landed on the may cover of @ golfdigest ! so pumped to represent fitness & power . ' the decision has sparked a mixed response from readers . pga teaching pro chance scheffing told cbs new york : ' i wasn’t sure if it was a playboy ad , or if it was a golf digest ad . ' golfer morella carta added : ' i just think that this is a detriment to women , because i’d like to be recognized by being a good golfer ; not about how my body looks like in the front page of a magazine . ' i think that if we allow this to happen , we will never get to the place where we should be . ' it is the first time a pro-golfer has appeared on a ' fitness and power ' issue cover - with past choices embroiling the publication in controversy . thompson ( pictured in 2014 ) turned professional in june 2010 at age 15 and in september 2011 , she set a new record as the youngest-ever winner of an lpga tournament - 16 years , seven months , and eight days . fox sports golf reporter holly sonders , who was with the golf channel at the time , appeared on the cover and in a photo spread in 2013 . the next year , the magazine featured paulina gretzky , who was only connected to the sport as pga tour professional dustin johnson 's fiancee . lpga tour commissioner mike whan said he was ' disappointed ' in golf digest 's position to put gretzky on the cover . lorena ochoa was the last female golfer to appear on the cover back in 2008 . editor-in-chief jerry tarde said in a publisher 's note : ' we 've come a long way from a year ago when the lpga condemned our choice of paulina gretzky ( and holly sonders in 2013 ) as the cover images for golf digest 's annual fitness issue . mea culpa , ladies . ' you can have stunning beauty and the highest level of golf performance at the same time , as demonstrated this year by lexi , stacy lewis , cheyenne woods and michelle wie . ' thompson celebrated the shoot by tweeting : ' i landed on the may cover of @ golfdigest ! so pumped to represent fitness & power ' . he added : ' lpga players not only outdrive the average guy by 20-plus yards , but they do it with the same clubhead speed we have . we can learn more from them not because they swing like us , but because we should swing like them . ' they do n't just muscle the ball and make up for swing flaws with strength . ' the publication also confirmed that the shoot took place in a closed set and thompson 's mother was in attendance so she could discard any shots . thompson made the news last year after jumping into poppie 's pond , a tradition for tournament winners at the mission hills country club in rancho mirage , california . she has just completed a faultless win in the kraft nabisco championship . she turned professional in june 2010 at age 15 and in september 2011 , she set a new record as the youngest-ever winner of an lpga tournament - 16 years , seven months , and eight days - when she won the navistar lpga classic . thompson was the youngest player to play in the women 's u.s. open in 2007 when she was just 12 . however her record was beaten last year when 11-year-old lucy li qualified . in 2014 the magazine featured paulina gretzky , who was only connected to the sport as pga tour professional dustin johnson 's fiancee .   