german legend franz beckenbauer has accused bayern munich stars of playing as if they had taken ' sleeping pills ' in their midweek defeat by porto . the bundesliga champions conceded twice in the opening 10minutes before losing 3-1 to the portuguese in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final on wednesday . der kaiser may be a brand ambassador for the club but he could n't hide his feelings after the game , when he criticised defender dante for playing as if he were wearing ' ski boots ' before turning on the entire team . franz beckenbauer was speaking in new york as part of bayern munich's media agreement with msn . new york cosmos legends beckenbauer and pele pose together after launching the team 's spring season . ricardo quaresma scored the opening goal from the spot in porto 's 3-1 defeat of the germans . beckenbauer accused brazilian defender dante ( left ) of playing as if he were wearing ' ski boots ' . speaking to reporters in new york to mark the club 's new media agreement with msn , beckenbauer said : ' it was one of those days , all the players did n't show their real performance . ' after 10 minutes you are 2-0 down in the quarter-final in the champions league , so many mistakes . i never saw this before . i thought they took sleeping pills ! porto were much faster , real power . it made me angry . quaresma celebrates with porto team-mates after netting his second goal inside the first 10minutes . bayern munich head coach pep guardiola goes crazy at his team 's performance . bayern players trudge off after defeat knowing they will have to vastly improve to reach the semi-finals . ' if they played like that again , no chance [ they can go through ] . but they can win 2-0 or go to extra-time . they have a chance . last year we had the same problem , playing excellent in the bundesliga and then we had two bad days and were out of the competition . ' the 69-year-old did attempt to play down his comments over dante 's performance , he said : ' at half-time , i have to give a comment and that was my reaction . and i 'm sorry to give him the ski boots ... but he 's brazilian , and brazilian to me means for me , technique and pele and ... brazil . but not this . ' ' if you want to win the champions league you need a strong league with a lot of players . internationally , bayern munich belongs to the top teams but to win the champions league… you saw the game probably two days ago , we are far , far away . with this performance , you do n't win anything , ' he added .  