a church of scientology-backed organization is facing a bizarre land use battle over its plans to turn a patch of secluded in woods near the presidential retreat camp david into a drug rehab center . lawyers hired by drug rehab network narcocon have argued that trout run , a property in frederick county , maryland , has historic significance because president herbert hoover once caught a fish at the site . opponents view the proposed designation as a trick to circumvent current zoning laws for the 40-acre plot of land and create a drug rehabilitation program that some call dangerous . narcocon , a church of scientology-affiliated drug rehab network , is trying to prove that a patch of land near camp david is historic enough so that they can build a center for twelve patients . a scientology-back real estate company bought trout run for $ 4.85million in 2013 , and has been trying to change its land designation so that it can build a center that uses saunas and vitamin therapy for addicts . narcocon , which uses sauna sessions and the teachings of scientology founder l. ron hubbard , has been sued in the past for wrongful deaths . it has denied wrongdoing . the group 's treatment program claims that megadoses of the vitamin niacin and spending five hours a day in a sauna for a month eliminates addiction cravings that are stored in the body 's fat cells . treatments at the center can cost more than $ 30,000 per month and typically last for as long as six months . narcocon officials , who run more than 120 centers around the world , deny that the program tries to convert addicts to scientology , though the group prominently features a quote from hubbard on its website . the organization says that is focused on a secular approach to helping people overcome addiction . its maryland center would house 12 patients , with eight staff living there and eight living off-site . however , the current zoning laws for trout run , which includes a collection of stone cottages , classify it for resource conservation and do not permit any medical purpose for the site , according to the washington post . though narcocon says that it is non-religious and does not try to convert people to scientology , its website features the religion 's founder l ron hubbard ( pictured ) prominently . placing the property on the county register of historic places would allow narconon to conduct its program . the rehabilitation program was founded in 1966 and is based on the teachings of scientology 's founder l. ron hubbard . narconon claims it is a non-religious , non-profit , non-medical rehabilitation program with patients around the world . its methods include spending up to five hours a day in a sauna for 30 days straight and mega doses of the vitamin niacin . the hypothesis underlying the program is that drugs and their metabolites are stored in the body 's fatty tissues for years , causing the addict 's cravings when partially released later on . but these can be flushed out through a regimen comprising elements such as exercise , sauna and intake of high doses of vitamins , according to the facility 's methods . this hypothesis does not enjoy mainstream acceptance , and researchers and practitioners tend to discount narconon due to its connection with scientology . no independent study that has not been funded by the center exist to confirm the supposed efficacy of its treatment , which has repeatedly been cited as curing 75 per cent of addicts . since its establishment , it has faced considerable controversy over the safety and effectiveness of its rehabilitation methods and the organization 's links to the church of scientology . fees can sometimes reach more than $ 30,000 per month and centers bring in millions of dollars a year from patients . an aide of herbert hoover bought the property in the late 1920s and the president went on fishing trips there , the frederick news post reported . narcocon hired a consultant whose history of trout run said that hoover ' reeled in a fine one-and-one-half pound trout ' during a visit . ' no president was born or died there . no epic battles were won or lost , no proclamations penned , no foreign dignitaries lodged and feted , ' local drug counselor kristin milne-glasser wrote in opposition to the historic designation . she said that the area merits a roadside plaque at most . president dwight eisenhower and other washington elites also fished at trout run during his time in office . frederick county 's historic preservation commission ruled that the site is eligible to be voted onto the register because of its early 20th century architecture . social betterment properties international , a real estate company tied to scientology , bought the land in 2013 for $ 4.85million from a government official who had long been trying to sell it . narconon has been working on building its center since . county councilors delayed voting on the measure two weeks ago so they could have more time to review the proposal and plan to grant or deny approval on tuesday . beyond questions of history , opponents to the rehab center have cited safety concerns about the mysterious organization being so close to camp david and narcocon 's alleged checkered past . celebrity scientologists such as john travolta and tom cruise have repeated narconon 's message about how it saves 75 per cent of addicts . trout run was first built and developed by an aide of president herbert hoover ( right ) in the late 1920s . it is located in a woods several miles from presidential retreat camp david ( left during g8 summit in 2012 ) . trout run in maryland was used for fishing by president hoover ( right ) and president dwight eisenhower ( left ) during their times in office ( file photo , colorado , 1954 ) . however , the organization previously lost its license in georgia after the death of 28-year-old former marine patrick desmond , who was being treated for alcoholism but died after allegedly trying heroin for the first time while in treatment . previous deaths at narcocon include three young people who died within a year at a flagship oklahoma facility , according to nbc . hilary holten , 21 , was found dead in her bed at the center in april 2012 of unknown causes . stacy murphy , 20 , died of an oxymorphone overdose in july . gabriel graves , a 32-year-old father of two , died of unknown causes in october 2011 . narconon denied responsibility for any patient deaths . the group 's arrowhead in oklahoma was estimated to have brought in $ 10.88million in revenue in 2011 . the group has already approached the maryland department of health and mental hygiene about acquiring a license for its facility but has not filed an application . its website says it currently runs 16 centers in the united states , though the only one on the east coast is in massachusetts . narcocon and its rehab network have attracted criticism from residents in western maryland for its checkered past , though celebrities such as tom cruise ( pictured , 2004 ) endorse it . a narcocon center in oklahoma became the center of widespread scrutiny after the death of three people within a year , including 21-year-old hilary holten ( right ) and 20-year-old stacy murphy ( left ) .