it seems like an idyllic smattering , with nothing more to worry about than sun , sea , sand and where the next cocktail is coming from . but one organisation is asking tourists to investigate before heading to the exclusive holiday destination to ensure they are not visiting a resort associated with human rights abuses . known for pristine beaches and crystal clear water , the maldives has recently come under scrutiny after the country 's former president , mohammad nasheed , was found guilty of terrorism charges earlier this year . ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to boycott ' high risk ' resorts linked to human rights abuses . now , the ethical maldives alliance is encouraging tourists to consider the instability in the region when booking their accommodation . the alliance has crafted a list of over 100 well-known hotels and is urging visitors to consult the guide before travelling . although very little detail is provided when it comes to the alliance 's rationale for dubbing certain resorts to be ' high risk , ' it has colour-coded the hotels into three categories . those to be avoided are labelled red , those coded as green are considered to be ' low risk ' and orange hued businesses are ' under consideration . ' ' while okay to visit in the short term , there is a possibility that they will be on the ' to avoid ' list in the longer term , ' the website reads . ' therefore , early reservations for visits later in the year should be avoided . ' the group claims that the ' red ' or ' orange ' resorts are directly or indirectly linked to human rights abuses . hotels are coded as ' low risk , ' ' high risk , or ' under consideration ' depending on their ties to corruption . by boycotting , the alliance hopes that tourists will help to make a difference in protecting and promoting democracy , while not adversely effecting the maldivian economy . ' with a long and sad history of corruption , political oppression and human rights abuses , maldives ' first attempts at democratic reform are now faltering , ' a statement on the alliance 's website reads . crime is reportedly on the rise as a result of support for ' extreme gangs , ' which are supported by police to suppress any dissent . ' uncontrolled corruption starting at the very top of all branches of government filters down through all levels of society , making life very difficult for the average maldivian . ' though most resorts are categorised as ' low risk , ' conrad maldives rangali island is listed as one to avoid . while most resorts are categorised as ' low risk , ' several top name hotels have been included on the alliance 's list of those to avoid . among them , the conrad maldives rangali island . ' ethical maldives evaluates resorts and other businesses on ethics-based criteria , ' the website reads . ' these include owners ' support for governments that perpetuate corruption , intimidation and oppression , measures relevant to the environment and social responsibility . ' in response to allegations presented by the ethical maldives association , the high commission of the maldives told mailonline travel : ' resorts appear to be categorised not on the basis of any practices in their resorts , but on the basis of alleged links of their owners to the government of the maldives . ' with only two resort groups targeted and very little information about the identities of those behind ' the ethical maldives alliance , ' it is difficult to discern the true intentions and objectives of the website . ' over the past months , the maldives ' young democratic institutions have proven themselves in challenging circumstances , while the government of the maldives has maintained a positive , engagement-first approach with international stakeholders . ' the government of the maldives will always remain committed to promoting development , human rights and the ethical values that we all hold dear . ' mailonline has reached out to both the ethical maldives alliance and a spokesperson for the conrad maldives rangali island resort for comment . 