disgraced teacher mary kay letourneau and her student-turned-lover are set to talk about their controversial relationship in a tell-all interview on the eve of their 10th wedding anniversary . letourneau , 53 , and her husband , vili fualaau , 31 , will talk about her rape trial and their married life in an interview with barbara walters on '20/20 ' , which will air on friday . the former seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with fualaau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child when he was just 13 . after she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship , they married and now have two children together . she also has four children from a previous marriage . scroll down for video . speaking out : mary kay letourneau fualaau and her husband vili fualaau have spoken to barbara walters in an interview that will air on 20/20 on friday - nearly 20 years after letourneau 's arrest for the relationship . family : the couple 's two teenage daughters , georgia and audrey , will join their parents for the interview . their two daughters , audrey and georgia , who are now both teenagers , will join their parents for the interview , abc news said . while speaking with walters , letourneau will discuss her plans to get her status as a registered sex offender lifted , as well as her hopes to teach again one day . she will also talk out about how they make their marriage work despite the 21-year age gap , abc news reported . fualaau will discuss his struggle with alcoholism and depression and how he believes he was failed by the system as a minor . after his teacher was convicted , his family filed a lawsuit against the police department and the school district for failing to protect him from sexual exploitation . no damages were awarded . relationship : the duo first met when fualaau ( pictured in 1998 ) was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and letourneau ( right in a 1996 school photo ) was his teacher . in court : she is pictured listening to testimony in 1998 ; she went to prison for seven and a half years . proud : she is pictured showing off her pregnancy bump in a photo released in 1998 . she fell pregnant with their first daughter before she was arrested and with their second after she was released . reunited : letourneau is pictured with her daughter audrey during a prison visit in 2003 . the pair originally met when he was in her second grade class and then she taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 . as she taught him , their relationship turned sexual and a friend of her husband 's ultimately went to the police with his suspicions . but before she was arrested , she fell pregnant with the boy 's child and gave birth to his first daughter , audrey , while she was on bail in may 1997 while waiting for the outcome of her trial . she was sentenced to six months in county jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with the boy . but weeks after he release , she was found having sexual relations with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter . family : she was married and had four children before the affair . she is pictured , right , with one of her sons . back together : the couple is pictured during a photo shoot at their normandy park , washington home in 2006 . she was released from jail in 2004 and they got married a year later . at home : the couple is pictured with their daughters as they drive near their home near seattle in 2005 . going strong : the couple will talk about how they 've stayed together despite the 21-year age gap . letourneau gave birth to the baby while she was in jail after being sentenced to an additional seven-and-a-half years behind bars . she was released from jail in august 2004 and fualaau , who was then 21 , asked the court to have the no-contact order overturned , which it was . the couple got married a year later at a washington winery - when she was 43 and he was 22 . they have been together ever since . letourneau also made headlines last year after she was booked into washington 's king county jail for failing to go to court following a 2013 third-degree charge of driving on a suspended license .