sunday 's trip to loftus road marks chelsea’s 700th game under the ownership of roman abramovich , a period jose mourinho says has been positive not only for the club but for english football as a whole . some would quibble with the second part of that statement , but mourinho says that too will change . if the first 699 games under russian rule has established chelsea at the top of english and european football , mourinho believes the next 700 will see them supply more players for the english national team as they implement abramovich’s demand to follow financial fair play ( ffp ) rules . sunday 's trip to loftus road marks chelsea’s 700th game under the ownership of roman abramovich . abramovich ( right ) celebrates with frank lampard ( centre ) and john terry after chelsea clinch their first premier league title under his ownership in 2005 . the russian finally got his hands on the champions league trophy following chelsea 's success in 2012 . mourinho also believes chelsea’s adherence to ffp — ‘ compared with other clubs and owners who didn’t want to play under the rules’ , he pointed out in a thinly veiled dig at manchester city — positions them as standard bearers for the english game . there can certainly be no doubt chelsea are in a far stronger position than when abramovich bought the club from ken bates for £140m on june 1 , 2003 . in the intervening 12 years he has spent in the region of £842.9m on transfer fees , winning three premier leagues , four fa cups , three league cups , one europa league and one champions league , but now , mourinho says , abramovich’s rule will benefit england as well as chelsea . jose mourinho , seen here with abramovich in 2004 , has has been in charge of chelsea for almost five of the russian 's 12 seasons at stamford bridge . the blues have won three premier leagues , four fa cups , three league cups , one europa league and one champions league since 2004 . ‘ he has been good for chelsea , good for english football , good for european football , ’ said mourinho , who has been in charge for almost five of those 12 seasons . ‘ chelsea after him became strong , a top club in the country and a top club in europe . i think that’s very , very good . i think it’s important and i think it’s also important the message mr abramovich and this club are passing now . ‘ the decision to accept the [ financial fair play ] rules and play under the rules i think is a big decision compared with other clubs and other owners that didn’t accept the rules and didn’t want to play under the rules . chelsea are in a far stronger position than when abramovich bought the club from ken bates in 2003 . ‘ will the next 700 games under him be good for the english national side ? i believe so . in the first team , we had some important players in the national team . ' john terry , ashley cole , joe cole , frank lampard , wayne bridge , shaun wright-phillips . we had a nucleus of four , five players that were always in the national team . ‘ now we are going through a period where it’s just about gary cahill . but we have some young boys coming into the first-team . ruben [ loftus-cheek ] is already here . normally , in a few years they should be there [ in the national side ] . ’ gary cahill ( above ) is now chelsea 's only senior england international in the current first team squad . mourinho believes the likes of ruben loftus-cheek ( left ) and dominic solanke will represent chelsea and england for years to come . mourinho did not name them , but dominic solanke , patrick bamford , lewis baker and isaiah brown are thought to be highly-rated at chelsea , who supply many of the players in england’s age-group teams . the question is whether their young english players will be given the chance in the first team at a club who can take a huge step towards the title by winning at qpr today . it is a game chelsea go into mindful of decisive slips in last season’s title race but with the title firmly in their own hands now , mourinho is confident no mistakes will be made . chelsea are on the verge of a domestic double after picking up the capital one cup in march . mourinho has won seven major trophies while in charge of the west london club . he added : ‘don’t make me remember the game against sunderland because that was the game which stopped us fighting for the title . i don’t want to speak again about that game . ‘ last season we were depending on others . we needed this team to lose a couple of points here , a couple of points there . this situation is different . ‘ now we are in a position where we can be isolated of everything . we don’t have to be watching man city against man united . we don’t have to be waiting for what they are going to do . it’s just us . ’ fabio borini celebrates scoring the winning goal during sunderland 's 2-1 win against chelsea last season . mourinho believes last season 's defeat against sunderland ' stopped ' chelsea from fighting for the title .