a fiery stoush has erupted between the chief executive of rupert murdoch 's media empire in australia and a senator who questioned why the company runs a national newspaper at a multi-million dollar loss . during a tumultuous day of proceedings at a corporate tax inquiry in sydney today , news corp australia ceo julian clarke was peppered with questions from greens senator and party leader christine milne about why the australian newspaper operates as a business when it is not profitable . when mr clarke defended the newspaper as the ' finest national newspaper operating in australia ' , ms milne flatly told the inquiry , ' you and i wo n't agree on that ' . ' you 're a minority , ' mr clarke fired back . ' not from the number of people who buy your newspaper , ' ms milne responded . scroll down for video . a fiery stoush erupted news corp australia ceo julian clarke and a senator who questioned why the company runs a national newspaper at a multi-million dollar loss . clarke was peppered with questions from greens senator christine milne about why the australian newspaper continued to when it is not profitable . as christine milne made her opinion about the australian newspaper clear , news corp australia ceo julian clarke fired back : ' you 're a minority ' . ' not according to sales , ' greens senator christine milne responded . ' i 'm sorry ? ' mr clarke asked . ' how many do we sell a day ? ' you sell a very small number , ' ms milne responded . mr clarke also rejected allegations recently published by fairfax media alleging $ 4.5 billion had been siphoned from mr murdoch 's australian operations to the united states virtually tax free . he told the hearing the report was ' hopelessly wrong ' , arguing the stories were ' either deliberately misleading or no idea ; looking at the author ( business correspondent michael west ) , i would say both ' . in her questioning , ms milne also alleged the australian was run for ideological purposes . mr clarke , who argued the paper examined policy , accepted her contention . it has been previously reported that the national broadsheet lost $ 30 million in the 2012/13 financial year . the paper was reportedly hoping to half that loss in the 2013/14 financial year . also at wednesday 's hearing , the inquiry panel heard that the australian arms of technology giants google , apple and microsoft are being audited by the australian tax office . google australia 's managing director maile carnegie ( centre ) , microsoft 's bill semple and apple australia vice president tony king are pictured fronting today 's inquiry . google australia 's managing director maile carnegie ( left ) , apple australia vice president tony king and microsoft 's bill semple appear at the inquiry . committee chair sam dastyari is pictured listening on as the three tech giants argued their case before the inquiry . executives from the three major companies confirmed that they were being investigated . google australia managing director maile carnegie said the company made $ 58 million in revenue in 2013 , and profits of just more than $ 46 million , but paid $ 7.1 million in tax . earlier , tax commissioner chris jordan continued to refuse to reveal the identities of a number of companies suspected of avoiding tax by shifting billions of dollars offshore . committee chairman sam dastyari had written to mr jordan on tuesday requesting he reveal the names . but mr jordan refused , and in a response sent to senator dastyari and tabled at the hearing on wednesday , defended the decision on the grounds that naming the companies would undermine public confidence in the tax system . ' the treasurer has been consulted about making these pii ( public interest immunity ) claims , and has endorsed them being made by me as an independent statutory office holder . the grounds of the pii claim are as follows , ' the letter said . ' disclosure of the information will have a substantial adverse effect on the proper and efficient operations of the ato , contrary to the public interest . ' 