stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of asmir begovic as the goalkeeper approaches the final year of his contract . the bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium , and although his current deal has just over 12 months to run , scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old 's ambitions . ' clearly asmir is a terrific goalkeeper and we are very keen to keep him at the club , ' he told the sentinel . ' i think when you 've got extremely good players it is only natural that there will be speculation about their future . stoke city are hopeful they can keep hold of goalkeeper asmir begovic as he enters the final of his contract . begovic has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the britannia stadium with stoke . ' these players are also very ambitious and i include asmir in that . he is a very focused , very talented and very ambitious young man . ' he wants to make sure he can play at the very best levels his abilities will enable him to and to have a very good and successful career in the game . we hope that we can fulfil all of those things at stoke city . ' begovic 's deputy jack butland recently extended his contract until 2019 while manager mark hughes also agreed new terms on an extension . scholes said that , and the recruitment which has taken place since they opted to change their manager for the start of last season , highlighted how they were planning for the future . ' if you look at the deals we have done since mark hughes arrived then almost without exception they have been good deals and very good footballers , ' he said . liverpool 's glen johnson sees his shot saved by stoke goalkeeper begovic at anfield previously . stoke chief executive tony scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of begovic despite his contract ending . ' it 's about making sure you are adding to the quality and improving all of the time , but we have also got a strong eye on making sure that we have got a depth of squad . ' we have to make sure that when we have injuries to the incredible scale we have had this year that the players are able to come in and do a good job - and the players who have come in this season have done an exceptional job . ' you also have to make sure that you are planning for next year and the years beyond . ' signing jack butland to an extended contract is a statement that we are in the premier league for the long term . '