there were scenes of jubilation in the dutch city of dordrecht today , as flag-waving locals turned out to welcome king willem-alexander and his glamorous wife maxima today . the visit , which kicked off with a pageant aboard a flotilla of boats on the local canal , was part of willem-alexander 's 48th birthday celebrations . koningsdag - or king 's day - is a public holiday in the netherlands and is traditionally marked with a royal procession either in the capital amsterdam or in one of the country 's major cities . happy family : the dutch royals celebrated king willem-alexander 's birthday in dordrecht . warm welcome : the dutch royal couple were all smiles as they meet well-wishers in the trading city . today , it was the turn of dordrecht , a city in the south-west of the country , which was once a major trading port , as well as a military hub . signs of its martial past were thin on the ground today , however , with the streets filled with a sea of joyful humanity , most of whom cheered and waved as the royals floated past . taking centre stage was argentina-born queen maxima , who opted for a typically eye-catching ensemble of a raspberry pink coat and hat enlivened with a pair of chunky crystal earrings . also aboard the royal barge , the dordtevaar , were the couple 's three daughters : catharina-amalia , princess of orange , 11 , princess alexia , nine , and princess ariane , eight . willem-alexander 's brother prince constantijn , 45 , was also aboard , as was his 48-year-old wife , princess laurentien , who opted for a tailored dress in patriotic bright orange . is that it ? eldest daughter princess catharina-amalia , 11 , cuddles up to her mother during the event . round of applause : the queen and the princesses join in with a round of applause for willem-alexander . big arrival : the couple and their three daughters travelled through the city by barge . family affair : the couple was joined by prince constantijn and his wife laurentien who wore bright orange . looking good : maxima looked wonderful in her summery raspberry pink get-up . matching : the dutch queen completed her look with a slick of bright pink lipstick and chunky earrings . all smiles : the 43-year-old appeared to be enjoying the occasion and smiled brightly throughout . echoing their parents and uncle , all three girls smiled and waved at the crowds , most of whom seemed to be enjoying the bright spring sunshine while watching the procession go past . others used the royal day off to make some extra money , with one enterprising soul setting up a stand that offered selfies with cardboard versions of the dutch royals for €1 apiece . koningsdag is a long-standing dutch tradition that began in 1890 with queen wilhelmina who celebrated her birthday on the 31st august . when her daughter juliana became queen , the date was moved to the 30th april - a tradition maintained by her daughter beatrix , even though her real birthday is the 31st january . since april 2013 , when willem-alexander took the throne following his mother 's abdication , the holiday has taken place his birthday , the 27th april . the celebrations , which kick off the night before with king 's parties , also include vrijmarkts - flea markets - in most towns and mass consumption of a delicious orange pastry called the tompouce . a right royal selfie ! a well-wisher snaps a selfie with the dutch king and queen . royal wave : king willem-alexander waves at the crowds during a walk through the city with his children . enjoying the sunshine : both royals and revellers made the most of the beautiful sunshine . big hug : queen maxima hugs her two youngest daughters , princesses ariane and alexia . speech ! king willem-alexander talks to the crowds during his visit to dordrecht . enterprising : this little girl decided to add to her pocket money by selling selfies for €1 apiece . on the water : the canal pageant was swelled by orange-clad well-wishers on their own boats . turn out : willem-alexander 's birthday is a public holiday which meant everyone had the day off . throng : huge crowds turned out to see the royal barge drift past . patriotic : dutch flags were flying all over the town while many revellers came dressed in patriotic orange .