it has been a key part school chemistry lessons for more than a century , but now the periodic table may need to be redrawn after scientists found a rare element may be very different from originally thought . researchers have for the first time been able to test how much energy is required to strip an electron from an atom of the radioactive element lawrencium . the rare metal currently sits at the very bottom of the periodic table at the end of a group of elements known as the actinides , which sit in a separate block from the main table . but the results of new research suggest the element may have properties similar to sodium and potassium , which may fuel arguments that it would be better placed in the main body the periodic table . lawrencium , marked as lr on the periodic table above , currently sits in a separate block from the main table . if it is redraw , it means that chemistry students could have to relearn the order of how the elements appear . lawrencium , which was first discovered in 1961 by the nuclear scientist ernest lawrence , is notoriously difficult to make and only exists for a few seconds at a time . this has made the element , which can only be generated in particle accelerators , extremely difficult to study . there are several newly discovered atoms that currently do not appear on the periodic table . two years ago scientists claimed to have discovered the existence of a new atom with an atomic number of 115 . this makes it one of the heaviest chemical elements detected to date and does not occur naturally . instead scientists had to synthesis it in the laboratory by bombarding a film of another heavy element known as americium with calcium ions . the resulting element lasted for just a fraction of a second before it decaying into more commonly found elements . although still to be officially named , it has been given the temporary name of ununpentium . the international union of pure and applied chemistry has also recently announced that nineteen elements have had their atomic weights reassessed . among those to have had their standard atomic weights adjusted are elements like aluminium , fluorine , arsenic , caesium , cadmium and selenium . while some of the atoms were found to have an average weight that was a tiny fraction greater than previously calculated , others decreased . overall the total atomic weight displayed on the periodic table increased by 0.003640021 as a result of the changes . but now researchers at the japan atomic energy agency have been able to create enough to measured the ionisation potential of lawrencium for the first time . speaking to chemistry world , yuichiro nagame , a researcher at the japan atomic engery agency who took part in the study , said : ‘ [ lutetium and lawrencium ] – the last column of lanthanides and actinides – could be put into the group iii column of the periodic table , under scandium and yttrium . ’ the current structure of the periodic table was drawn up in 1945 after the nobel-prize winning chemist glenn seaborg suggested the actinides - rare radioactive elements - belonged in a separate part of the table which is known as 'f-block ' . however , some chemists have argued that placing lawrencium at the end of this block was incorrect and they should be put in the 'd-block ' of the main table . dr william jensen , a chemist at the university of cincinnati , argues that along with lutetium , lawrencium is misplaced in the f-block . in a paper published in the journal foundations of chemistry last month , he said : ' though there are many misconceptions concerning the nature and function of the periodic law and table , perhaps the most prevalent among modern chemists is the belief that the periodic table is nothing more than an electron configuration table . ' while there is certainly a significant correlation between electron configurations and chemical periodicity , the correlation is far from perfect . ' lutetium and lawrencium , rather than lanthanum and actinium , should be assigned to the d-block as the heavier analogs of scandium and yttrium , whereas lanthanum and actinium should be considered as the first members of the f-block with irregular configurations . ' lawrencium , represented by the diagram left , was discovered by nuclear scientist ernest lawrence ( right ) . lawrencium was first generated by ernest lawrence by bombarding californium atoms with boron atoms to create the new superheavy element . however , scientists have only ever been able to produce minuscule amounts of the substance and it has a half life of 27 seconds . the new study , which is published in the journal nature , used the same approach as lawrence to create the element that bears his name but captured it in a helium and cadmium iodide gas . this was passed through a heated tantalum surface giving the short-lived lawrencium enough energy to shed its outer electron - the ionisation potential . the researchers found this matched a recent prediction of 4.96ev - giving it the lowest ionisation potential of all elements in the f-block . this representation of the periodic table shows the ionisation potential of elements following the new results . however , in a statement , the japan atomic energy agency said it did not feel it affected the structure of the periodic table . they said : ' since the introduction of the ' actinide concept ' as the most dramatic modern revision of the periodic table of the elements by glenn seaborg in the 1940s , the element with atomic number 103 , lawrencium ( lr ) , played a crucial role as the last element in the actinide series . ' we show that removing the outermost electron requires least energy in lr among all actinides , as was expected . t . ' this validates the position of lr as the last actinide element and confirms the architecture of the periodic table . ' however , dr eric scerri , a chemist and historian at the university of california los angeles , said the results supported the push to move lawrencium into the min part of the table . he said : ' if the periodic table is presented in the more correct 32-column or long-format , and if one maintains the order of increasing atomic numbers throughout the table , one is inevitably led to the conclusion that lu and lr belong to group 3 and that la and ac should be placed at the start of the f-block elements . ' despite the debate the result is likely to now generate , professor andreas türler , a chemist at the albert einstein centre for fundamental physics at the university of bern , switzerland , described the experiment as ' spectacular ' . the researchers were able to study lawrencium for the first time using an ionizer cavity ( left ) which revealed that the element has one of the lowest ionisation potentials of any of the atoms in the f-block ( right ) .