millions of americans avoid inviting people round because they are embarrassed about the state of their homes . according to new research , 61 per cent of us adults have admitted that they do n't extend invitations to friends and family because of their ' home shame ' . general mess , dated carpets and kitchens , unfinished diy projects and the small size of their property rank highest on the list of embarrassments - which awful color schemes , shabby furniture and poor location also proved to be particularly shameful for homeowners . shame : more than 60 per cent of americans have admitted to being ashamed of their own homes . in a study of 1,000 people for sugru , makers of moldable glue , 48 per cent said their embarrassment about their home is usually confined to just a few rooms or areas , however 33 per cent acknowledge they are ashamed of their whole house . 1.mess . 2 . dated carpets . 3 . dated kitchen . 4 . dirty/stained carpets . 5 . diy jobs that have n't been started . 6 . bad smells . 7 . size . 8 . cracked walls/ceilings . 9 . badly decorated . 10 . faded or peeling paint . 11 . old/broken furniture . 12 . patchy lawn . 13 . too much clutter or trash . 14 . incomplete diy jobs . 15 . bad/anti-social neighbors . 16 . dated/shabby wall paper . 17 . overgrown yard . 18 . mold or mildew patches . 19 . bad location . 20 . bold/garish color schemes . more than half have n't let visitors in to certain rooms , and 36 per cent steer people away from coming to visit altogether . interestingly , more than half of the participants ( 54 per cent ) admitted that it is their friends whom they try to avoid inviting over , while 38 per cent were more concerned about having strangers visit their humble abodes ; 33 per cent on the other hand are most concerned about work colleagues taking a peek at their home . top on the list of cringe-worthy rooms is the living room , followed by the kitchen , bedrooms and bathrooms . what 's worse , 62 per cent worry they will never get their home to the point where they are no longer ashamed by it . sugru spokeswoman jane ni dhulchaointigh said of the survey : ' when you first move into a house , most people have ideas about how they want to make it their ideal home . ' but a lack of time , money and even basic diy skills can mean many struggle to see all , or even any of these plans through . ' sometimes all it takes are a few minor changes here and there . start small with a diy project that you 're going to actually enjoy , with simple tools that you 're confident using and focus on one room at a time . ' the pride that you 'll get from one successful project will help spur you straight on to the next . ' according to the survey , a whopping 30 per cent of people have actually pretended to be out when someone they knew knocked on their door , and 14 per cent admit that they have had someone drop them off elsewhere rather than allowing them to see their home . a further 39 per cent , at one point or another , have avoided hosting an event at their home . nearly a quarter of people surveyed ( 21 per cent ) also admit to ending a date early rather than inviting their date back to their home . envy : many americans confessed that they would love the chance to take a look inside the obama family 's private living area . lifestyle guru : martha stewart 's home topped the list of celebrities houses people would most like to see inside . the study found that 63 per cent have plans to improve their home , with 18 per cent saying the motivation for getting it done is based on pure embarrassment . other motivators for wanting to work on their home include time off from work , upcoming visits from family and friends and looking at homes on tv . 1 . martha stewart . 2 . the obamas ' living quarters in the white house . 3 . brad pitt and angelina jolie . 4 . jennifer aniston . 5 . oprah winfrey . 6 . george clooney/lake como . 7 . taylor swift . 8 . ellen degeneres and portia de rossi . 9 . the playboy mansion . 10 . madonna . and when it comes to celebrity home envy , it was lifestyle guru martha stewart 's home that topped the list of houses the participants would most like to see , while the obamas ' living area in the white house and brad pitt and angelina jolie 's home placed second and third respectively . perhaps unsurprisingly , 46 per cent of respondents admitted that they are struggling to make the changes they would like to their home because it costs too much money , while 23 per cent say they 're not making improvements because they are planning to move soon . 16 per cent admit they do n't know how to fix or repair what needs to be fixed to make their homes look presentable . an overwhelming 88 per cent would feel less embarrassed about the state of their home if they could redecorate all or part of their home , or at least get those pesky diy jobs done . ms ni dhulchaointigh adds , ' we are all busy , which often leaves less time to pay attention to those small home improvement jobs . ' that 's why we 've created something that makes quick fixes , repairs and improvements easy . it 's all about making people 's lives simpler and getting that home pride back .