a chameleon balances carefully on a branch , waiting calmly for its prey ... except that if you look closely , you will see that this picture is not all that it seems . for the ' creature ' poised to pounce is not a colourful species of lizard but something altogether more human . featuring two carefully painted female models , it is a clever piece of sculpture designed to create an amazing illusion . it is the work of italian artist johannes stoetter . scroll down for video . can you see us ? italian artist johannes stoetter has painted two naked women to look like a chameleon . the 37-year-old has previously transformed his models into frogs and parrots but this may be his most intricate and impressive piece to date . stoetter daubed water-based body paint on the naked models to create the multicoloured effect , then intertwined them to form the shape of a chameleon . to complete the deception , the models rested on a bench painted to match their skin and held the green branch in the air beneath them . stoetter can take weeks to plan one of his pieces and hours to paint it . speaking about the chameleon , he said : ' i worked about four days to design the motif bigger and paint it with colours . ' the body painting took me about six hours with the help of an assistant . ' i covered the hair with natural clay to make the heads look bald . camouflage job : a few finishing touches are applied to the two naked models to complete the transformation . ' there are different difficulties on different levels as in every work , but i think that my passion and love to my work is so big , that i figure out a way to deal with difficulties . ' my main inspirations are nature , my personal life-philosophy , every-day-life and people themselves . however , the finished result existed only briefly before the models were able to get up and wash the paint off – with just a video and some photographs to record it . the artist added : ' i think that body painting is a good way to learn to let something go , to separate from something . that happens again and again in life and it is good to be able to handle with it . ' also the fast end of the artwork makes us perceive it in a much more intensive way . ' but there is one way in which the chameleon can still claim to be the unchallenged master of disguise . unlike the real thing , stoetter 's models ca n't change their colour – unless he gets his paintbrush out . 