a woman was caught on camera sobbing with blood on her face as she was being arrested for the stabbing death of her husband in san diego sunday . sandra mathis , 52 , surrendered to police just after 4.45pm in the 1800 block of commercial street after police say she repeatedly plunged a knife into her husband 's upper torso . the 48-year-old victim was discovered lying on the ground unresponsive with blood gushing from a wound in his neck . he was taken to ucsd medical center , where he was pronounced dead from his injuries two hours later . scroll down for video . bloody sunday : sandra mathis , 52 , was charged with murder after police say she stabbed her 48-year-old husband multiple times in the upper torso after an argument . the woman was caught on camera weeping with blood on her face during her arrest sunday . in broad daylight : mathis ' 48-year-old husband was found bleeding from a wound in his neck under a bridge in the 1800 block of commercial street in san diego sunday afternoon . according to police , the victim and his wife were homeless and living in a makeshift tent camp under a bridge in the barrio logan section of san diego . police officers who responded to the scene found sandra mathis trying to revive her mortally wounded husband , but to no avail , according to the station cbs8 . news cameras were rolling as the dishevelled , blood-spattered woman missing several teeth was placed in handcuffs . mrs mathis was charged with murder and taken to the los colinas detention facility . responding officers seized a knife believed to be the murder weapon from the scene . first aid : officers found sandra mathis trying to revive her mortally wounded husband . strained marriage : mathis and her husband were homeless and suffering from alcohol problems . police said there was no history of domestic violence between the couple down-on-their-luck couple , but their friends said they both had a drinking problem . investigators say the stabbing was sparked by an argument between the husband and wife . carmen chambers , who knew mathis and her spouse , said they appeared to be devoted to one another , but their difficult circumstances may have put a strain on their relationship . 