the days of the weather man could be numbered . researchers from london and edinburgh are developing a computer that can collate meteorological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human . useing a process known as ' natural language generation ' ( nlg ) , it has the potential to one day be used in humanoid robots on our tv screens . the days of weather presenters ( stock image ) could be numbered .researchers from london and edinburgh have developed a computer that can collate meterological information and then produce forecasts as if they were written by a human . it uses a process known as ' natural language generation ' ( nlg ) . these computer-generated weather updates are being being tested by scientists at heriot-watt university and university college london . using met office data , the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating detailed reports . if the project is successful , a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the bbc 's website . currently , the bbc website features 10 reports written by meteorologists . each of these forecasts cover a large area of the country , such as london and south east england , but there are more than 20,000 individual locations that need tailored reports . using met office data , the researchers are developing new algorithms for automatically generating weather reports . if the project is successful a prototype system will be tested by generating local weather reports on the mailonline 's website ( shown ) , which currently features just 10 reports for large areas of the country . nlg is the process of producing readable texts in english , or other languages , automatically on a computer . typically , the program starts with statistics and figures , or any information that is n't written in language . this includes tables of numerical data or a collection of entries in a database . nlg is the process of producing readable texts in english , or other languages , automatically on a computer . typically , the program starts with statistics and figures , or any information that is n't written in language . these includes tables of numerical data or a collection of entries in a database . alternatively , nlg will rephrase a block of texts to make it easier to read and understand . it is often referred to as a translator that converts computer speak into natural language , which is tricky for computers due to variances in tone and grammar . alternatively , nlg will rephrase a block of text to make it easier to read and understand . it is often referred to as a translator that converts computer speak into natural language , which is tricky for computers due to variances in tone and grammar . the project is called domain-independent language generation ( diligent ) and is being run by dr verena rieser from heriot-watt university 's school of mathematical and computer science , with dr andreas vlachos and dr sebastian riedel from the computer science department at university college london . ' machine learning for natural language processing ( nlp ) is what diligent is all about , ' said dr rieser . ' large companies such as microsoft , amazon and yahoo are making substantial new investments in this field and there are start-up opportunities emerging . ' the uk is a world leader in this kind of research but we are under-represented in using machine learning approaches for nlg . this project will help to strengthen this research strand . ' these developments could also help overcome problems with apple 's siri or google voice which often offer repetitive responses to questions or directions .