fighter ace : douglas bader 's story is to be told in a hollywood film dubbed ‘ the first great escape’ . the story of how douglas bader recovered from having both legs amputated to become one of britain’s greatest fighter aces is remarkable enough . but now another astonishing but little-known chapter of his war career is to be told in a hollywood film being dubbed ‘ the first great escape’ . bader – who lost his legs in a flying accident in 1931 – was shot down over france in august 1941 and ended up in a german prison camp in warburg . it was there that the officer , who always made light of his disability and refused to even use a stick , was involved in a mass break-out that pre-dated the break in 1944 immortalised in the great escape starring steve mcqueen and richard attenborough . bader’s life story has already been the subject of the successful film reach for the sky in 1956 starring kenneth more . this latest look at his exploits is based on a book on the warburg escape by historian mark felton called zero night . it was a plot hatched by scottish lieutenant jock hamilton-baillie , 23 , and involved build folding ladders to escape over the wire . major tom stallard , of the durham light infantry , teamed up with bader on the planning . the fighter ace went on to describe it as ‘ the most brilliant escape conception of this war’ . the ladders were made from wood from a wrecked hut and crafted in the camp’s music room , where the sawing and hammering was drowned out by the sound of instruments . they were disguised as bookshelves . on the night of the break – august 30 , 1942 – the prisoners managed to fuse the camp’s search lights and 41 men carrying four 12ft scaling ladders rushed the fence . one ladder collapsed , so only 28 made it over the wire , of which three made a ‘ home run’ back to freedom . the great escape : bader 's story predates the break in 1944 immortalised in the film starring steve mcqueen and richard attenborough ( pictured ) . bader was among those recaptured but was such a nuisance to the germans that he ended up in the ‘escape-proof’ colditz castle and remained in captivity until the end of the war . more than 40 allied prisoners put their lives on the line in a plot to escape from oflag vi-b camp near warburg , germany , in 1942 . major tom stallard , a larger than life 37-year-old from somerset captured while serving in the durham light infantry , teamed up with bader on the planning . while the great escape relied on its famous tunnels , the warburg mass break out saw the men boldly leap over the huge perimeter fences using wooden ladders . bader described what happened as ' the most brilliant escape conception of this war ' . months of meticulous planning and secret training went into the three minute charge of the camp 's double perimeter fences . bader’s life story has been the subject of 1956 film reach for the sky starring kenneth more ( pictured ) . a series of makeshift ladders propped against the prison camp 's perimeter fence were made from wood plundered from a wrecked hut . they were crafted in the camp 's music room , where the sawing and hammering was drowned out by the sound of instruments . the escape was codenamed operation olympian because it involved troops from across the commonwealth - britain , australia , new zealand and south africa . the rights to dr felton’s book ( pictured ) have been bought by production firm essential 11 usa . as the night of the breakout loomed , the ladders were disguised as bookshelves to fool the guards . after the prisoners fused the perimeter search lights , 41 of them carrying four 12-foot scaling ladders made from bed slats rushed to the barbed-wire fence and clambered over . one ladder collapsed , so only 28 made it over the barbed wire , of which three made a ' home run ' back to freedom . bader later ended up in colditz and had his tin legs taken away to ensure he remained in captivity until the end of the war . major stallard and another leading light of the escape major johnnie cousens , also of the durham light infantry , survived the war and lived into their 70s . both were too modest to breathe hardly a word about what had happened on august 30 1942 . but now their story could trump the great escape after hollywood bosses snapped up the rights to turn military historian mark felton 's book about the escape zero night into a blockbuster . the rights to dr felton’s book have been bought by the makers of 2013’s saving mr banks with tom hanks . production firm essential 11 usa , the makers of the 2013 tom hanks and emma thompson hit saving mr banks , is now working on a script . dr felton said a number of 'a-list ' hollywood stars were queuing up for roles and essential 11 had invited him to help cast the leads , although he could not reveal who was interested . he said : ' i 'm very , very pleased . it 's very , very exciting . essential 11 did a fantastic job with saving mr banks and to have that same team working on this is very pleasing . '