the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes . barred from bringing their cell phones on to the georgia course , fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them . but a quick refresher course is all they 're allowed . when play begins on thursday , fans will have to put them back on the shelves . a masters patron uses her camera to take photos of the action during the player practice rounds ahead of the 2015 masters at augusta national golf course in augusta , georgia , which starts on thursday . ' actually , the last time i had this out was easter , ' wayne watson said about the large black nikon hanging around his neck . and the time before that ? ' no idea , ' he said . ' probably the easter before . ' more than a few of the fans lugging around similar equipment were , like watson — who made the two-hour drive from macon — experiencing augusta national in person for the first time . most just planned to mosey around until something caught their fancy . some had general targets in mind — a favorite player or two , the trio of back-nine holes reverentially dubbed ' amen corner , ' or the gigantic manual scoreboard alongside the first fairway . then there was the occasional experienced big-game hunter , decked out with camera bags and an array of lenses . ' i 'm after phil mickelson , ' said kim mcneeley of nearby aiken , south carolina . ' i got a great shot of him the last time i was here — 18 years ago . ' but there are plenty of guys more serious than i am , ' she added . the cell phone ban at the augusta national golf club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes like tiger woods . ' i had to borrow this from a friend who just had a baby . a few minutes ago , i saw a guy actually loading film into his camera . film . now that 's old school . ' stepping back in time produced more than a few comical moments . parked in lawn chairs behind the first tee , two pals leaned in close as one tried to figure out how to take a ' selfie ' with a point-and-shoot camera — never mind that the term had n't even been coined when the camera was originally manufactured . behind the seventh tee , kevin davis of gibson city , illinois , recounted the preparations he went through to make sure his 4-year-old digital camera was ready to roll . first , he had to find it — ' it took me awhile to remember where i left it , ' he said , finally remembering it was in a desk drawer — and then make sure it was charged . ' i 've got a big camera , but i did n't want to lug that around , ' davis added . ' that 's usually for family events . ' fans photograph tiger woods on their cell phones during a practice round for the world golf championships-bridgestone invitational at firestone country club south course in akron , ohio , last july . but he might have had second thoughts when his twin 5-year-olds saw the camera and realized it was n't a phone . ' they were scratching their heads , ' he recalled . ' they said , ' daddy , why is it so big ? '' the fact that so many wound up opting for the big camera likely had to do with the number of serious hobbyists . while many planned to share their photos with friends on social media , a few planned to commemorate the trip with a photo album — talk about old-school — and in the case of wes rackley , make quality 8x10 framed prints and give them as presents . few people , though , seemed as comfortable carrying around all the serious gear as brett pavel of atlanta . he was at augusta national for the 20th time — ' i think that 's right , ' he said , ' because i 've got at least 18 shirts — and said he has a camera around his neck at least once a week . ' my wife calls it my `` pacifier , '' ' he laughed , ' because our youngest son plays competitive soccer and she says taking pictures is the only thing that keeps me from cussing and yelling at the refs and everybody else . ' 