frustration was clear in the voices of peter moores and alastair cook as they fended off repeated enquiries about kevin pietersen 's future more than a year after he had seemingly been banished from international cricket for good . well , there is only one person to blame — and that is colin graves . the incoming ecb chairman has been responsible for the mixed messages that leave the england team in as big a state of turmoil and internal rebellion as ever . graves has forged an excellent reputation in english cricket as chairman of yorkshire for the way he bankrolled and transformed the club , but his initial forays into the international game have been little short of an embarrassment . colin graves has made a habit of talking before thinking since being announced as ecb chairman . he has become the loose cannon of english cricket — and he has yet to take up office . it all started on march 1 when he gave an interview to garry richardson of the bbc , who is known for his persistence and admirable success in coaxing ear-catching sound bites from interviewees . so when graves said that pietersen — exiled for valid reasons after the last ashes debacle before producing a nasty autobiography that only supported the ecb 's decision — had to be playing county cricket to earn an england recall , it was put down to yorkshire straight-talking . yet subsequently , most importantly in a phone conversation with pietersen , graves has done little to play down the 34-year-old 's chances — even if privately the chairman is said to be perplexed at the media 's ' spin ' on his apparent opening of the england door . if graves , who has apparently assured senior figures that he does not want pietersen back , really had no intention of encouraging the maverick , then he has made a right old mess of it . for he has created a soap opera that will run and run now pietersen has rejoined surrey and put huge pressure on a fledgling england middle order who made significant test progress last summer . england head coach peter moores ( left ) and alastair cook answer questions at a press conference . not to mention completely undermining managing director paul downton and national selector james whitaker , who have repeatedly clarified england 's stance on the batsman over the last 14 months . and if graves disagreed with the original decision to axe pietersen , then he had a duty as deputy chairman of the ecb to say so then , not wait until he had taken over from giles clarke . that is not all . since his pietersen outburst , graves has said that there will be an inquiry if england do not beat a ' mediocre ' west indies in the upcoming three-test series . this prompted the respected barbadian commentator tony cozier to liken the comments to tony greig 's infamous intention in 1976 to make the west indies ' grovel ' . then graves came out with the ridiculous notion of reducing test matches to four days . this would be achieved by introducing the unrealistic target of playing 105 overs a day — a move that would destroy the primacy of the ultimate game . former england batsman kevin pietersen has been linked with a return to the national side recently . if graves wants to make himself useful , then he should concentrate on his supposed main aim of introducing a 10-team english premier league franchise twenty20 competition . everybody bar a few myopic counties wants that . he could also do something about a crippling fixture list that will see england play 17 tests in the next 10 months — a key factor in why they have fallen so far behind in the 50-over game and just endured the worst world cup in their history . there is much for the ecb 's new regime — which includes new chief executive tom harrison and communications director chris haynes — to do , but all the new chairman has done so far is make things worse . colin graves should think very carefully in future before he speaks . 