celtic retained their seven-point lead at the top of the scottish premiership with an easy 2-0 win over 10-man partick at parkhead . the home side laid siege to the thistle defence at the start of the match but had to rely on a kris commons penalty a minute before the break to give them the interval lead . thistle midfielder james craigen had been shown a straight red card by referee willie collum for a ' last man ' foul on hoops midfielder stuart armstrong to concede the spot-kick . leaving the visitors a player down for the second half . stuart armstrong is brought down by partick thistle 's james craigen leading to a penalty . referee willie collum shows craigen a read card for his ' last man ' challenge on armstrong . celtic striker kris commons steps up to convert the penalty to give his side a 1-0 lead before the break . commons ( right ) races away to celebrates his 45th minute penalty strike . midfielder stefan johansen , stand-in skipper in the absence of suspended scott brown , added a second in the 63rd minute as the encounter turned into a hoops procession . with second-placed aberdeen beating inverness 1-0 , ronny deila 's side maintained the gap over the dons but also have a game in hand as the title race draws closer to conclusion . with a heavy schedule in mind , the hoops boss returned midfielder nir bitton , gary mackay-steven and striker john guidetti his starting line-up . thistle manager alan archibald was forced into one change with forward kallum higginbotham coming in for the injured kris doolan but he was mostly a spectator as the firhill defence was forced to withstand an early hoops ' barrage . celtic came close twice before two minutes had elapsed . stefan johansen doubles celtic 's advantage in the 63rd minute with left-footed shot into the bottom corner . johansen is mobbed by his team-mates following his second-half strike . parkhead defender virgil van dijk , up for a corner , flicked an armstrong cross against the crossbar at the near post before a desperate blocking tackle by maryhill defender conrad balatoni prevented an almost certain goal from johansen 's drive . balatoni again came to thistle rescue in the ninth minute , beating guidetti to a header in front of an empty goal , after left-back emilio izaguirre had troubled fox after surging into the penalty area . moments later , mackay-steven was set up johansen but his goalbound drive from 12 yards was deflected away by thistle defender callum booth . yet , in the 21st minute , in a rare attack , the visitors almost snatched the lead but higginbotham 's spectacular volley from 14 yards was saved by craig gordon - but only on the stretch . commons ' long-distance drive in the 28th minute just cleared the bar but a minute before the break he was more accurate from the spot , firing the penalty low into the corner giving the despairing fox no chance . leigh griffiths spurns a glorious opportunity to put celtic 3-0 ahead late in the match . the goal came as some relief to the home fans who had grown slightly irritated as the first half wore on . two minutes after the break commons forced fox into a decent save with a powerful 25-yard drive and while the maryhill defence cleared their lines from rebound it looked ominous . thistle continued to defend stoutly and desperately in equal measures but were undone again when johansen took a clever guidetti pass before rolling the ball into the corner of the net from 10 yards . two minutes after replacing guidetti , leigh griffiths somehow turned a mackay-steven cross past the far post from two yards out but it was inconsequential . in the 79th minute , with the game drifting , gordon made another good save , this time from thistle substitute gary fraser , on for stuart bannigan . johansen came close at the other end with a chip which fox tipped over the bar , after the norwegian had weaved his way through the jags defence . 