are you partial to a prawn mayo sandwich , drawn by the lure of a shrimp cocktail on a menu ? once only enjoyed by the affluent , prawns are now a healthy , cheap option filling supermarkets , sandwich bars and restaurants across the world . but have you ever stopped to think about where the ones you 're eating have come from ? forget sun-kissed seas and a lone fisherman casting his nets into the indian ocean to haul in his catch . for a new report shows that idyllic picture could not be further from the truth . a new study by experts at consumer reports in the us has found 60 per cent of packaged prawns tested were found to contain traces of harmful bacteria . experts in the us found the majority of the shrimp sold on supermarket shelves arrive there after starting life on vast prawn farms in south east asia . many prawns sold in the uk also come from places such as thailand and indonesia . they tested 342 packages of frozen shrimp - 284 raw and 58 cooked samples - from large , chain supermarkets and natural food stores in 27 cities across the us . and their investigation revealed 60 per cent of the prawns were found to have traces of harmful bacteria , including e.coli , which can cause violent food poisoning . furthermore , in 11 samples researchers detected antibiotics , and seven samples tested positive for mrsa - an infection that is resistant to a number of antibiotics . other traces of bacteria included salmonella and vibrio , both of which can cause serious food poisoning . dr urvashi rangan , executive director of consumer reports food safety and sustainability centre , warned : ' bacteria and algae can begin to grow and disease can set in , prompting farmers to use drugs and other chemicals that can remain on the shrimp and seep into the surrounding environment . ' vibrio is the most common cause of food poisoning from eating raw oysters . ' and even though most bacteria on shrimp would be killed during the cooking process , our test results raise real questions about how shrimp is raised , processed , and regulated . ' scientists found traces of e.coli , mrsa , salmonella and vibrio - a major cause of food poisoning . responding to the discovery of mrsa , dr michael crupain , director of the consumer reports food safety and sustainability centre , said : ' it 's spread through contact , so if mrsa gets on your skin while you 're preparing raw shrimp , it can potentially cause an infection , especially if you have an abrasion or cut . ' a medium-sized shrimp farm in south-east asia can produced close to a million pounds of prawns every year , a ' powerful incentive for farmers to maximse production ' , the report notes . the vast majority of prawns eaten on these shores come from such farms in india , indonesia and thailand . there , prawns are ' farmed ' in huge industrial tanks , or shallow , man-made ponds that can stretch for acres . in some cases , 150 shrimp can occupy a single square metre . they are typically fed commercial pellets , some of which contain antibiotics to ward off disease . if the ponds are not carefully managed , ' a sludge of faecal matter , chemicals and excess food can build up and decay ' . and wastewater can be ' periodically discharged ' into nearby waterways . the experts advise wild shrimp , a number of samples of which were also tested , appear to be worth the higher prices . the report reveals : ' of all the shrimp we tested , they were among the least likely to harbour any kind of bacteria or contain chemicals . ' but , it is worth considering the effects on the environment , marine scientists warn . amanda keledjian , from the not-for-profit conservation group , oceana , said : ' nets dragged along the ocean floor can severely damage the sea bottom and anything that lives there . ' the report goes on to state , that while estimates vary , between one and three pounds of other species , including endangered sea turtles , can be killed for every pound of shrimp caught in the wild . a large number of the prawns available on supermarket started life in vast prawn farms in thailand , india and indonesia . they are farmed in huge industrial tanks , or in shallow ponds , like those pictured in krabi , above . if the ponds are not carefully managed , ' a sludge of faecal matter , chemicals and excess food can build up ' . experts said on the face of their findings it is better to opt for wild prawns over their farmed cousins . so faced with the facts , how can consumers make the right choices when it comes to which shrimp to put in their cocktail ? marianne cufone , an environmental solicitor and executive director at recirculating farms coalition , explains how you can spot a farmed prawn from their wild cousins . ' wild shrimp often vary in size , shape , and colour because they do n't all have identical genetics , ' she said . ' batches of farmed shrimp often all hatch at the same time , eat the same food and live in the same environment , so they 're more likely to look the same . ' and her second tip , is to look for evidence of prawn faeces . ' look for poop , or what is politely called a ' vein ' , ' she added . ' frequently , shrimp farmers stop feeding shrimp before harvesting them so that the vein empties . ' if you see a dark line there 's a better chance it 's a real wild shrimp . '