graffiti artists are hoping to raise a smile with stressed-out beijing residents – by painting neglected phone booths so that they look like the lovable robot baymax from the disney movie big hero 6 . an eight-strong team have transformed more than 30 telephone booths in china’s capital city into a representation of baymax , who has attracted a cult following in the country . xiao wang told the people’s daily online that he and his fellow graffiti artists – most of them design students – worked through the night to complete project ‘ beijing warmth’ . phone booths in beijing have been painted in the style of disney character baymax by graffiti artists . the team of artists painted 30 phonebooths in five hours overnight , calling the project ' beijing warmth ' . the loveable character baymax appears in the movie big hero 6 about a young boy with a talent for robotics . starting at midnight , they hit the streets in teams of four to spend five hours working on the phone boxes , using a total of 24 cans of paint . the 28-year-old said that living and working in beijing is ‘ very stressful’ — adding that he himself had witnessed three people take their own lives in just one month . ‘ we chose this area due to the higher population of young people’ , he said , adding he thinks the team’s work has improved the road . however their work may soon be removed , after a spokesman from the haidan municipal committee said the phone booths - usually red - should not have been painted a different colour . artist xiao wang said they wanted to raise a smile with burnt-out beijing residents who live stressful lives . as the baymax craze sweeps china , a flight school even has their teacher dressing up as the robot . an official from the beijing municipal government said there were no set rules on how to deal with graffiti , and the response was different depending on the content . if the artwork was not offensive and colouring matched the surroundings then it could be allowed to stay , he added . ' big hero 6 ' won the oscar for the best animated feature in february this year , and its popular character baymax has a won big following in china after it was released in february . the film became the highest grossing disney film in china , taking in more than $ 51 million . trainee flight attendants at the sichuan southwest vocational college have began dressing like the robot during their lessons , while another craze has seen parents making dumplings in the shape of baymax to encourage their children to eat . ' big hero 6 ' is the highest grossing disney films of all time in china , taking in more than $ 51 million .