to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the hubble space telescope tomorrow , nasa has released an image of a fantastic tapestry of stars snapped by the orbiting observatory . the image shows a giant distant cluster of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 inside a stellar ' breeding ground ' called gum 29 , 20,000 light-years from earth . in the image massive young stars can be seen feeding a nearby region with the fuel it needs to form new stars . scroll down for video . a stellar nursery of about 3,000 stars called westerlund 2 located about 20,000 light-years from the planet earth in the constellation carina is shown in this image taken by the hubble space telescope , released today to celebrate the silver anniversary of hubble 's launch . hubble was launched on 24 april 1990 aboard space shuttle discovery . despite a shaky start , when its primary mirror was ground to the wrong shape , hubble soon began returning fantastic images of the distant universe , to the delight of scientists and the public alike on earth . and this latest image is no exception , revealing a fascinating cluster of stars in the constellation carina . the telescope , when it was first devised , was ambitious to say the least - it is 43ft ( 12.3 metres ) long and 14ft ( 4.2 metres wide ) . it orbits earth at a height of about 345 miles ( 555km ) at a speed of 16,000 mph ( 27,750km/h ) , with its instruments finely tuned to account for its movement . it is able to image the universe in near-infrared , visible light and ultraviolet . it’s estimated that the telescope can continue operating until 2020 , when it will overlap with the james webb space telescope , which is set to launch in 2018 . ' hubble has completely transformed our view of the universe , ' said john grunsfeld , astronaut and associate administrator of nasa 's science mission directorate . ' this vista of starry fireworks and glowing gas is a fitting image for our celebration of 25 years of amazing hubble science . ' hubble captured the image using its wide field camera 3 , which pierced through the dusty veil of dust and gas around the stellar nursery using near-infrared light . the cluster is between six and 13 light-years across but only two million years old , and thus contains some of the hottest , brightest and most massive stars in the galaxy . some of the biggest stars in the cluster unleash torrents of ultraviolet light and hurricane-force winds of charged particles that disrupt the surrounding cloud of hydrogen gas . inside the nebula is a fantasy landscape of pillars , ridges and valleys made of gas - the fuel for new stars . some of the pillars are several light-years tall and point towards the centre of the cluster , while other dense regions surround the pillars . as the clusters is very young in astronomical terms , it has not had time to disperse its stars into deep space , so it provides astronomers an opportunity to gather information on how clusters like this form . hubble 's near-infrared imaging camera pierces through the dusty veil enshrouding the stellar nursery , giving astronomers a clear view of the dense concentration of stars in the central cluster , shown . westerlund 2 is surrounded by the star-forming region gum 29 . the heaviest cluster stars are unleashing a torrent of ultraviolet radiation and hurricane-force winds streaming with charged particles , etching away the enveloping hydrogen gas cloud from where the cluster formed . the red dots scattered throughout the landscape around westerlund 2 are a rich population of newly forming stars still wrapped in their gas-and-dust cocoons . these tiny , faint stars are between 1 million and 2 million years old and have not yet ignited the hydrogen in their cores . hubble 's near-infrared vision allows astronomers to identify these fledgling stars . the pillars in the star-forming region surrounding westerlund 2 , composed of dense gas , are a few light-years tall and point to the central cluster . they are thought to be incubators for new stars . besides sculpting the gaseous terrain , intense radiation from the most brilliant of the cluster stars is creating a successive generation of baby stars . the bluish haze is an indicator of oxygen gas in the nebula . the image is part of a week of celebrations by nasa to commemorate what is widely regarded as the most important space telescope of all . ' this is really an exciting week for astronomers and people who love astronomy all over the world , ' said hubble scientist jennifer wiseman at a televised anniversary celebration at the newseum in washington , dc . learning about the life cycle of stars was one of the reasons hubble was built . by operating above distortions and blocking effects of earth 's atmosphere , astronomers hoped to look farther back in time , at generations of stars and galaxies that formed closer to the big bang , some 13.7 billion years ago . but the mission almost start in disaster , when nasa discovered a manufacturing flaw in the telescope 's 7.9ft ( 2.4-meter ) diameter mirror . corrective optics , installed by space-walking astronauts , saved the day in 1993 , the first of five servicing calls by space shuttle crews . ' we never thought it would last this long , ' said nasa administrator and former astronaut charlie bolden , the pilot on the mission that launched hubble . nasa is celebrating the hubble space telescope 's ( pictured ) 25th anniversary with a variety of events highlighting its groundbreaking achievements and scientific contributions with activities running april 20-26 . in its quarter-century in orbit , the observatory has transformed our understanding of our solar system and beyond , and helped us find our place among the stars . this is one of hubble 's most iconic images : the eagle nebula 's pillars of creation . it shows the pillars as seen in visible light , capturing the multi-coloured glow of gas clouds , wispy tendrils of dark cosmic dust , and the rust-coloured elephants trunks of the nebulas famous pillars . the dust and gas in the pillars is seared by the intense radiation from young stars and eroded by strong winds . here we see one of the universe 's most stately and photogenic galaxies , the sombrero galaxy , messier 104 ( m104 ) . the galaxy 's hallmark is a brilliant white , bulbous core encircled by the thick dust lanes comprising the spiral structure of the galaxy . as seen from earth , the galaxy is tilted nearly edge-on . this dramatic image offers a peek inside a cavern of roiling dust and gas where thousands of stars are forming . the image , taken by the advanced camera for surveys ( acs ) aboard hubble , represents the sharpest view ever taken of this region , called the orion nebula . more than 3,000 stars of various sizes appear in this image . some of them have never been seen in visible light . many of the telescope 's most important discoveries turned out to be in areas that did n't even exist when it was launched . hubble 's observations of a particular kind of exploded star helped astronomers realise that the pace of the universe 's expansion is ramping up , propelled by some unknown force referred to as ' dark energy . ' hubble also has imaged a planet beyond the solar system and scanned other planets ' atmospheres for telltale chemical fingerprints . the first so-called exoplanet was discovered in 1992 , two years after hubble 's launch . ' hubble has fundamentally changed our human understanding of our universe , ' bolden said . nasa hopes to keep hubble operating through 2020 to overlap with its successor , the james webb space telescope , due to launch in october 2018 .