kevin de bruyne 's agent expects to go ' around the world ' discussing his client as interest in the wolfsburg midfielder increases ahead of the summer transfer window . patrick de koster , who has confirmed that he held talks with manchester city earlier this season , admits that he could receive 20 phone calls a day about the belgium international as clubs prepare to strengthen their squads before the start of next season . city are keen to sign the ex-chelsea midfielder as they look to reshape their squad but de koster insists no decision has been made and that the 23-year-old could even remain at the volkswagen arena . wolfsburg midfielder has attracted interest from manchester city , bayern munich and paris saint-germain . de bruyne tussles with schalke 's sead kolasinac during wolfsburg 's 1-1 draw at the volkswagen arena . speaking to the guardian , de koster said : ' for the moment , there are no formal discussions . of course in the next few weeks i will be going around the world to talk about the situation with kevin but this is just informal information . ' i will talk to everybody but kevin is very , very happy with wolfsburg and the way they have treated him since he arrived from chelsea last year . ' there are still five games to play and hopefully they can make sure of a place in the champions league next season so it is a little bit too early to be making any decisions . he has a four-year contract at wolfsburg so we will have to see what they want to do . ' i have met the people from manchester city and we know each other . i 've never spoken to anyone from manchester united but a lot of other clubs have been in touch to find out some general information . ' bundesliga champions bayern munich and ligue 1 giants paris saint-germain are both interested in de bruyne , who is expected to cost around £40million after joining wolfsburg from chelsea for £18m in january last year . de bruyne has scored 10 league goals and registered 17 assists so far this season , helping dieter hecking 's side to second place in the bundesliga table . ivan perisic celebrates with de bruyne after the belgian 's equaliser against schalke on sunday . de bruyne has been in superb form this season , scoring 10 goals and providing 17 assists in the bundesliga .    