as a wealth management consultant for a prestigious london firm , craig lister is used to keeping his cool . but lately , that 's become rather more difficult . craig , 54 , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer , which starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body - and has the side-effect of hot flushes . ' i have about ten to 12 flushes a day , and six to eight at night , ' says craig , a yorkshireman who lives in watford , hertfordshire , with wife sue , a teacher , 52 , and their three children , george , 22 , evie , 20 , and joseph , 18 . craig , 54 , was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2012 . he is now well and his tumours have shrunk . ' i know when one 's coming . the feeling suddenly builds up as if you 've gone into a sauna . within minutes i 'm in full sweat . five or ten minutes later , it 's gone . ' craig has taken to carrying a spare shirt in his briefcase when he goes to meet clients . ' i 'll turn up to a lunch and suddenly have a hot sweat and my shirt will be soaked , ' he says . ' i nip off to the loos and have a wash and change . ' hormone therapy , usually given in the form of regular injections or implants , is the first treatment offered to men with advanced prostate cancer - where the cancer has spread beyond the prostate . it ca n't cure the cancer , but can help keep it under control . hormone therapy is also given alongside radiotherapy to some men with localised prostate cancer to shrink the cancer and make it easier to treat . the jabs typically contain drugs called luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone ( lhrh ) blockers . these act on the pituitary gland in the brain , to stop the production of hormones which are released into the bloodstream and bind with cells in the testicles to make testosterone . even though the cancer is now microscopic he is still taking hormone treatment . the majority of prostate cancers rely on the hormone to grow . lowering the amount in the body means it 's less able to spread . in england alone , 13,000 men receive the treatment every year - in the form of jabs given monthly or every three months according to the charity prostate cancer uk . however , blocking testosterone can cause a variety of side-effects , explains ali rooke , a specialist nurse at the charity . ' testosterone is a man 's natural source of energy , so along with hot flushes we often see fatigue . it also has an important role in sexual function , so there can be a loss of libido , ' she says . ' there can be mood swings and depression ; some men also report breast swelling , nipple tenderness and weight gain around the middle . all of these are similar to what women go through during the menopause , when levels of their equivalent hormone , oestrogen , start to fall . ' hormone therapy also raises the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes , and can cause bone thinning , because testosterone is important for bone density . studies by prostate cancer uk have found that 80 per cent of men having hormone therapy will suffer hot flushes , and 27 per cent of these say it is the side-effect that troubles them the most . this rings true for craig . ' people do n't tell you much about hormone therapy at the beginning , ' he says . ' i am basically a menopausal man . i have mood swings and i 've put on two-and-a-half stone . but the worst thing has been the hot sweats . i 'm up a few times a night , sometimes having to change the sheets and it 's tiring . ' of course , this wakes sue up , too , and then she 's worrying . ' she used to have hot flushes and so she 's very sympathetic . the difference with me is that i do n't know if they will ever end . ' men with advanced prostate cancer could be on hormone therapy for the rest of their life , says ali rooke . ' but men who are on it along with radiotherapy tend to only have it for up to three years until the cancer has been treated . ' she says the charity receives hundreds of calls every year from men struggling with hot flushes and side-effects of hormone therapy . ' men are warned about side-effects , but clinic appointment times are not long , so doctors ca n't realistically talk through them all in detail . it 's also hard to predict what side-effects a man will have and how he will respond . ' there are treatments to alleviate hot flushes , such as drugs based on the female hormone progesterone , which has an effect like testosterone but does n't fuel the growth of cancer cells . some men find that complementary therapies , such as acupuncture , or herbal supplements , such as sage tea or black cohosh , help , but the benefits are yet to be proven clinically . but now new research suggests that cognitive behavioural therapy , or cbt , a psychological technique and talking therapy , could help . this causes hot flushes and night sweats . a trial on prostate cancer patients at king 's college london , published in march , has shown such impressive results that it is likely to be offered nationally . cbt works by helping people understand the links between their beliefs , thoughts and behaviour . it 's a recognised treatment for anxiety and other mental health conditions . myra hunter , professor of clinical health psychology at king 's , has previously found that cbt reduces hot flushes in menopausal women , and breast cancer patients who are experiencing them as a result of treatments that reduce levels of oestrogen . ' beliefs about hot flushes can exacerbate the symptoms , ' she says . professor hunter believes that by replacing overly negative thoughts about hot flushes with more helpful , positive ones , they will have less of an impact . her latest study recruited 68 men receiving hormone therapy for prostate cancer , all of whom were experiencing at least ten hot flushes and night sweats a week . half the group were given treatment as usual ( access to doctors and information about the problem ) and the other half received a self-help cbt booklet , a cd and two sessions with a psychologist . the men were taught breathing exercises , advised on lifestyle changes and sleep management , and encouraged to challenge negative beliefs and presumptions . ' women feel hot flushes are a signifier of their age and reproductive status , ' says professor hunter . ' in our interviews with men , we found the hot flushes signified a threat to their masculinity . ' they felt the hot flushes had social consequences - people would think that there was something wrong with them . and they catastrophised , so if they had one in the night they assumed they 'd feel terrible the next day . ' after six weeks , the cbt group 's hot flushes were 40 per cent less problematic and 36 per cent less frequent , compared with 12 per cent and 16 per cent reductions in the control group . cbt is not always easily available on the nhs . professor hunter is hoping to offer her self-help audio guide and booklet for hot flushes free through prostate cancer uk , but this has not yet been confirmed . craig was diagnosed with advanced prostate cancer three years ago , at the age of 50 , so quality of life is important to him . by the time of his diagnosis , the cancer had spread beyond the prostate to his lungs and to the lymph nodes in his pelvis and abdomen , so surgery was not an option . while the hormone treatment has been helpful , the hot flushes have been hard to deal with . he is about to try a new type of radiotherapy , but expects to be on hormone therapy indefinitely . however , he says taking the right attitude to hot flushes has helped him hugely . ' from the beginning i 've been open about my condition , so all my friends and clients know why i have hot flushes . ' it 's nothing to be embarrassed about . my family and i have learned to live in the now and be grateful for what we 've got . ' prostatecanceruk.org . 