what we may be witnessing in these opening jousts of the season is the mental disintegration of nico rosberg as a racing driver . his reaction to losing to lewis hamilton – blaming the brit for slowing down and bunching him up as the attacking ferrari of sebastian vettel closed on him – told us more about his own state of mind than it offered fair criticism of hamilton . rosberg was , i thought , disgruntled by his failure to match his team-mate during a run of eight wins in the last 10 races . in those emotionally charged minutes after the chinese grand prix nothing seemed to make sense to him , rational thought was fuzzy and hamilton appeared in his mind as a blurry figure of hate . nico rosberg ( left ) looks less than impressed after finishing second to mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton . the german driver blamed hamilton for slowing down and bunching him up as sebastian vettel closed in . rosberg ( left ) , hamilton ( second right ) and ferrari driver sebastian vettel celebrate on the podium in china . it was all the more remarkable given that rosberg was for so much of last season the ultimate expression of focus , coolness , intelligence and calculation . there was no chink in his well-tailored shell of composure . that changed in the aftermath of spa last august , when rosberg was punished by the team ( he was made to pay for the damage caused rather than fined as such , contrary to everyone’s interpretation at the time ) for his part in an early crash with hamilton . rosberg 's attitude seems to have changed in the aftermath of his crash with hamilton in spa last august . it was my view then and remains so that rosberg was marginally more to blame for the collision , but that it was no more than a racing incident . the stewards agreed . they did not penalise either man . yet , mercedes made rosberg a very public scapegoat , denting his confidence at a crucial moment in the season . he shrunk . hamilton immediately seized the initiative , which he has never ceded in the slightest measure from that day to this . when on form , hamilton is an extraordinary racer , maybe utterly unbeatable . and he is on form now , perhaps more so than ever in his life . that must eat at rosberg’s heart . i am not writing off the german quite yet . i believe he is far tougher than his nickname britney , as in spears , suggests . he can be ‘nasty’ as niki lauda said of him . we can all recall examples of his cunning . but he is at a fork in his career , it seems . for if he can not find a way to beat hamilton soon , he could ebb away as mark webber did at red bull . webber , a feisty competitor and a talented driver , was a genuine threat to vettel in their first season fighting for the title , as rosberg was to hamilton in their intitial championship contest . but that was it for webber . vettel soon took total command , and his one-time rival was left to complain about his supposedly unfair treatment by the team , before fading into the distance and finally into retirement from formula one . the 17-year-old scuderia toro rosso driver max verstappen showed he has what it takes . my highlight of the chinese grand prix was the pure , instinctive racing of max verstappen . his ability to go on the inside of his prey and brake at precisely the last moment was remarkable craftsmanship from a boy of 17 . it reminded me of john arlott’s tribute when a young , floppy haired david gower began his england test career with a nonchalant four . ‘ oh , what a princely entry , ’ he growled . bernie ecclestone recently highlighted that commentators 'don’t fully understand ' technical terms . formula one has a greater than average obsession with its own navel . it never stops asking where it can improve itself to an extent that must bore any outsider to distraction . over complicating the whole sport is an associated abomination that has increased in recent years through saturation coverage on television and the internet . every smart aleck wants to show just how clever he is , however slight his underlying knowledge of the sport may be . bernie ecclestone recently picked up on this phenomenon , saying : ‘ commentators explain for an expert audience and not for people wanting to have an entertaining afternoon in front of their tellies . ‘ and many times these commentators hide behind technical terms because they themselves don’t fully understand what is going on . there you have it . ’ the nadir of this nerdy jargon is surely the description of tyres as ‘prime’ and ‘option’ , terms that even the suppliers , pirelli , wanted discontinued . so , to clarify : super soft tyres are always known as the ‘option’ tyres , when they are in use , which they are not always ; softs can be ‘prime’ or ‘option’ , so can mediums , though hards are ‘prime’ whenever they are available , which they are not always . it couldn’t be clearer , could it ? 