he loves fast cars , big houses and flash clothes so floyd mayweather is n't one to hold back in the kitchen either , given that he pays up to $ 1,000 per plate when the food is cooked by chef q . the boxer invited compatriot adrien broner for a feast at his mansion , as he continues his preparation for the $ 300million mega-fight against manny pacquiao . broner , a three-time world champion , took to instagram to show off the food on show . floyd mayweather is willing to splash the cash in the food department by paying over $ 1,000 per dish . chef q , also known as quiana jeffries , has helped the 38-year-old with his strict organic food diet . adrien broner posted this photo of the feast on offer as he labelled mayweather as his ' big bro ' . chef q has been cooking for floyd mayweather since his fight for manny pacquaio was announced . bbq chicken was on offer as she cooked one of her famous southern dishes . cajun tilapia is a very spicy fish dish and another one of chef q 's specialities from the south . mayweather faces manny pacquiao at the mgm in las vegas in the biggest fight in boxing history . quiana jefferies , born in la but had a grandmother from louisiana who taught her how to cook southern dishes . graduated from the culinary arts le cordon bleu in pasadena , was part of the reality show guy 's grocery games by restaurateur guy fieri and then cooked for celebrity life coach tony gaskins . he said : ' came to big bro @ floydmayweather house to get a great meal from @ chefism ' . chef q was also keen to show off her work and posted a video captioned : ' this is why i 'm called the # kitchenbeast no it 's not # thanksgiving but it feels like it @ floydmayweather wanted all this so i gave it to him # 1000plate # 2000plate # addup # beinspired # bbqchicken # cajuntilapia # potatoes # mac # candyyams # redbeans and # rice # braisedcabbage # grilledbroccoli # checkmate # oprah # tmt . ' his personal cook was born in la but was taught to make southern delicacies - as seen in the video - and labels herself as the ' kitchen beast , ' who also cooks to tv legend oprah winfrey . jeffries , is keen to show off her friendship and partnership with the undefeated fighter , with a series of instagram posts showing her followers all the dishes that she cooks for him . potatoes and vegetables are also an important part of mayweather 's fight preparation diet . red beans and rice were cooked by the pan load as both boxers feasted on the expensive dishes . this steak dished was cooked by chef q and would have cost the boxer $ 1,000 per plate . fried turkey dogs are another specialty southern dish of chef q 's that mayweather loves to indulge on . ' holy molly is that # steak ... now you know why it 's a # 1000plate # checkmate # bars # aboutlastnight @ floydmayweather # oprah # callme # beinspired , ' she added to one caption . with the fight just eight days away , mayweather was obviously keen to get as much protein in his system as possible and was happy to pay thousands of dollars for the dishes . the fight is at the welterweight limit of 66.7 kg , with the 38-year-old adopting an all-organic diet to be in the best shape of his life . adrien broner and mayweather are known to be close friends with both training at the same gym . with the fight tickets selling out in under 60 seconds , it 's poised to be one of the most memorable and iconic clashes in the history of sport . the mgm arena in las vegas is the chosen venue , where ' money ' knows if he wins , then he would have created a legacy like no other . keen boxing fan , gordon ramsay is another chef who seems to be reaping the benefits of mayweather 's big appetite - with the prospect of a ringside seat available in exchange for a meal . ' money ' told world boxing news : ' i can sort that out for him , not a problem . if gordon wants ringside tickets , then gordon has ringside tickets . ' all i want in return , after i win the fight , is to go a little way down the strip to his grill at caesars palace and have the best chef in the world cook me up chicken wings , a burger and cheesecake . ' english chef gordon ramsay has been offered ringside seats in exchange for cooking a post-match meal . disappointed by his decision to take his diet to the next level , las vegas-based restaurant fatburger created their very organic ' floyd burger ' to keep their favourite customer happy . owner darin feinstein told tmz : ' the meat is from the sunfed ranch , highest quality beef . the lettuce , tomato , onion , relish , even the special sauce is all organic . ' the boxer made headlines inside the establishment back in may 2014 , when he was involved in a huge brawl with rapper t.i . the filipino has been training hard with his coach freddie roach ahead of the $ 300million mega-fight . with his undefeated record on the line , mayweather appears to be taking this fight more seriously than others .