the collapse in roberto mancini 's relationship with manchester city was rooted in his dismay at the quality of english players signed by the club . when names like scott sinclair , jack rodwell and to a lesser extent adam johnson were signed , he could barely disguise his contempt , feeling none of them would help him take on barcelona and real madrid in the champions league . ' ask marwood , ' he would spit out when asked about the club 's transfer policy , referring to the club 's then-football administrator brian marwood who was responsible at the time for buying players . tottenham defender danny rose has been linked with a move to manchester city . mancini was sacked in 2013 and nearly two years on , marwood has a new role at the academy with a spaniard , txiki begiristain , in his old job with the title director of football . and yet the dilemma remains the same : how do city buy enough top english players to fulfil quotas for homegrown players without breaking fpp ( financial fair play ) regulations again ? it wo n't be easy and could explain why city – who have slumped to fourth in the league – are being linked with less glamorous names like danny rose and aaron cresswell . good players certainly , but good enough ? probably not . it 's a sobering thought that rodwell made only seven premier league starts in two seasons for city after a £12million move from everton . sinclair started just twice after signing from swansea and is currently on loan at aston villa . plenty of things at city have been carefully planned and executed well since the club 's owners from abu dhabi took over in 2008 . ( from left ) manchester city director of football txiki begiristain , assistant manager brian kidd , manager manuel pellegrini and former football administrator brian marwood . the etihad campus is a glittering monument to football development and helping the community , while two premier league titles , the fa cup and capital one cup is an excellent trophy haul considering where the club have come from . but one weakness has been in their approach to having enough homegrown players , lagging behind most of their rivals . arsenal manager arsene wenger signed theo walcott , alex oxlade-chamberlain and calum chambers and manchester united bought wayne rooney , phil jones and luke shaw as teenagers . most spectacularly , liverpool bought players like jordan henderson , daniel sturridge and raheem sterling and invested in making them better . spurs have brought through harry kane and ryan mason from their academy . only chelsea face similar issues to city . homegrown rules are complicated and differ slightly between competitions . scott sinclair ( left ) and jack rodwell are two english players who were bought by manchester city . in the premier league , you must have eight homegrown players if you fill your squad of 25 . homegrown players can be born overseas as long as they have been at a club 's academy three years before the age of 21 . if clubs ca n't find eight , they have to reduce their squad accordingly , as chelsea have had to this season . under 21 players can be named in the squad in addition to the 25 . city 's six premier league homegrown players are : joe hart , richard wright , dedryck boyata , gael clichy , frank lampard and james milner and there lies a major problem for next season . lampard is definitely off and milner is out of contract too . clichy has endured a poor season and city will want a new left-back while boyata , a belgian who has been at city since he was 16 , is not good enough to win a regular first-team place . the feeling is he was only offered his latest contract because he filled one of the homegrown slots . ditto , third-choice goalkeeper wright . manchester united signed both wayne rooney ( left ) and luke shaw as teenagers . the champions league squads of 25 also require eight players to have been trained in england , but four of those must have come through the ranks at city . boyata was their only club-trained player named this season . it will be a major problem for the club next season as their one-season punishment ( for breaching ffp rules ) to name a squad of 21 is lifted and they can name 25 again . these will be issues exercising the minds at the very top of the club . but whichever way they look at it , city have three options which carry a downside : 1 ) spend big on the best english players 2 ) find their own from their academy or 3 ) buy cheaper english players who might not be good enough . daniel sturridge ( left ) and jordan henderson are two players liverpool bought to boost their english quota . for option one , supply and demand is a problem . there are probably only three england players most people would call good international-class and therefore worthy of a place in the city team should they want to win titles at home and abroad . hart is already there , wayne rooney is at manchester united and presumably unattainable while raheem sterling would be a premium price . ' can you get sterling ? maybe if you go to liverpool with £100million you can , ' complained manuel pellegrini recently . no wonder city appear ready to open negotiations at £50m . kean bryan is one of the young players at manchester city who is tipped to go on to big things . midfielder kean bryan ticks all the boxes for what manchester city hope to achieve in the future . a box-to-box midfielder from manchester , he joined city at the age of 11 and has gone on to be an england youth international at different age levels . aged 18 , he has played for patrick vieira 's under-21 elite development squad this season , and played five matches in city 's run to the quarter-finals of the uefa youth league , a champions league equivalent for under-20s . been compared to steven gerrard . the last mancunian to play regularly for city was michael johnson and he had to retire early after injury problems . of the next generation , £60m has been quoted for everton 's ross barkley , a huge price for unproven talent . harry kane would be an interesting target as would everton 's under21 defender john stones , who might represent the best value-for-money . jack wilshere has had injury problems . city 's academy cost £200m but so far none has broken into the first-team squad regularly . marcos lopes is on loan at lille and may move there permanently . karim rekik has played champions league football for psv . city will hope starlets like jose pozo , thierry ambrose , mathias bossaerts , seko fofana , jason denayer and kean bryan will become their homegrown first-teamers of the future , but they are unlikely to make a major contribution next season . bryan is novel and interesting , he is from manchester and has been likened to steven gerrard . ross barkley is one of the most hotly tipped players in england and worth in the region of £60m . the third option is to try and sign any english premier league player who is available . it might not be the best idea for the players themselves , johnson said after he was sold to sunderland that the move to city can turn sour for young players . ' it is a lot different when you do n't play . the novelty wears off , definitely , ' he said . rodwell is now at sunderland too , while sinclair will make his loan move to aston villa permanent provided they stay up . rose and cresswell be warned . making up the numbers at manchester city does n't necessarily help the player or club . premier league . eight players in the 25-man squads must be homegrown . a player counts as homegrown if they have spent three years at an english club up to the age of 21 . squads can be supplemented by as many under 21 players as clubs want . champions league . eight of the 25-man squad must be homegrown , four of whom must be club-trained ie have come through the ranks of the actual club they are playing for . squads can be supplemented by under-21 players provided they have been with the club for at least two years . serie a . from 2016 , squads will be limited to 25 players ( not counting under 21s ) , four of whom have to have grown up in italy and four of whom have to be products of their club 's academy , similar to champions league rules . clubs are not allowed to sign more than two non-eu players in a season . la liga . clubs are not allowed more than three non-eu players in their squads of 25 , or in matches . however , after five years , you can apply for spanish citizenship and become an eu player , as lionel messi has done . there are no additional homegrown rules for eu players . bundesliga . clubs need to include eight homegrown players , including four from their own youth academy , in their squad . but unlike the premier league , squads are n't restricted to 25 players so they can still sign as many non-homegrown players as they like . there are no restrictions on signing non-eu players . manchester city . association-trained homegrown players : joe hart , richard wright , gael clichy , james milner , frank lampard . club-trained homegrown player : dedryck boyata . 