scientists from the university of wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all . the contraceptive is made with hydrogel , a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue . the groundbreaking design will eventually offer functions like self-lubrication , topical drug delivery , and even electric conductivity , dramatically changing the capacity of male contraception , reports science alert . scientists from the university of wollongong are designing ultra-durable condoms they claim could feel even better than nothing at all . the contraceptive is made with hydrogel , a strong and flexible solid which can be made to feel and act like human tissue . the australian team behind the design , led by materials scientist robert gorkin , won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013 , giving them access to us $ 100,000 to use on research . ' our original idea was just to try to prove that an original material could replace latex , ' mr gorkin said . ' we were starting from scratch , we had an idea that these new materials would have the same properties as rubber with a nicer feel , but we were n't sure if they had the right properties for a condom . ' ' the early indications are that the materials are strong enough and actually do prevent against the transfer of small biological molecules , ' he said . robert gorkin , the leader of the research team responsible for the design , said : ' if you make them so pleasurable that people ca n't wait to put them on , then more people will use them ' . the team won a grant for a next generation condom in 2013 , giving them access to us $ 100,000 to use on research . hydrogel has been around for decades , but it has risen to prominence in recent years , after being used in prosthetics for the likes of eye implants and blood vessels . the researchers now plan to partner with swinburne university of technology in melbourne to conduct biometric testing to measure the bodies response to the material . ' we 'll be able to look at brain activity to see whether it really feels better than latex , ' said gorkin . ' if you make them so pleasurable that people ca n't wait to put them on , then more people will use them , and we can hopefully stop the spread of disease . it 's as simple as that . ' hydrogel ( pictured ) has been around for decades , but it has risen to prominence in recent years , after being used in prosthetics for the likes of eye implants and blood vessels . the researchers plan to conduct biometric testing to measure the bodies response to the material . gorkin is hoping to design the product to accommodate for the around the cultural and social needs for birth control . ' it 's a branding exercise as much as a scientific one , ' said gorkin . ' a material alone ca n't change the way we look at sex , but we believe it can definitely help . ' 