for many people there is nothing worse than wasting food , especially when it comes to that half eaten loaf of bread . but now bon apetit has come up with a genius way to revive your stale loaf and it involves running it under the tap . and whilst it might sound like an unusual move , they promise that this trick will revive your crusty old bread before dinner time . bon apetit have revealed that the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread is to run it under water before baking it in the oven . the first step they suggest is to take your stale bread and run it under your tap . it does n't matter if the water is hot or cold but you should try to keep the cut edge away from the direct flow of water . then turn your oven on to a warm temperature - around 150 degrees - and stick the bread inside . for a small loaf you need to allow around 6-7 minutes and for a large , or particularly wet one , around 12 to 13 minutes . the experts say it works because : ' the water turns to steam , which rehydrates the bread’s crumb , or interior , while the heat of the oven firms up the crust . ' when you have wet your bread put it in the oven for between 6 and 13 minutes depending on how large and how wet the loaf is . femail spoke to lifesum nutritionist luvisa nilsson who said that the water trick does actually work , but you must make sure to eat the bread that same day . ' whilst there might not be any obvious health risks whilst using the water/heat method , it is beneficial not to waste food , ' she said . ' ' once you have put your ‘watered’ bread in the oven or microwave , make sure you eat it within the day , as the warmth and damp may potentially harbour bacteria . nutritionist luvisa nillson says that you should be careful to check that your bread is not mouldy and make sure to eat it within one day . she continued : ' there is however a difference between stale and mouldy bread , and you must watch out for mould . ' bread should be disposed off if it has orange , green , yellow or black spots as these can be harmful to your gut and cause severe discomfort and stomach ache . ' when bread goes stale it is usually a good sign that it is about to go mouldy , so give the bread a thorough check before consuming . ' 