skyfaring . by mark vanhoenacker . ( chatto & windus £16.99 ) our fascination with aeroplanes , and the men who fly them ( it is still overwhelmingly men ) , has acquired a morbid flavour since germanwings flight 9525 was deliberately crashed into the french alps by its troubled co-pilot andreas lubitz . the tragedy ignited an ongoing debate about stress and depression among pilots , and airline vetting procedures , in which just about all of us have a vested interest . this makes mark vanhoenacker’s book , unwittingly , very timely indeed . when he was writing it he had never heard of lubitz , of course , but nor does he dwell on the horrors of 9/11 or any other plane crashes either accidental or premeditated . vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with british airways , who wants us simply to understand his passion for his job , and to share with us many of its more beguiling secrets . like me , he was still a child when he was first invited into an aeroplane cockpit , and like me , he regarded it as one of the transcendent treats of his young life . but for him , the mystique endured . it is reassuring , now more than ever , to be reminded that even for experienced pilots air travel can still be an exhilarating , almost magical experience . mark vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with british airways and he wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job . vanhoenacker , an american , worked as a management consultant before rekindling that childhood obsession . he learned to fly in britain , tempted by our ‘ historic relationship with aviation’ . coincidentally , his first job was to pilot the airbus 320 on medium-distance european flights — exactly what lubitz was doing on that catastrophically fateful day . but vanhoenacker moved on to boeing 747s , and they are his great love . he admires the 747 like a sculptor might a perfect human torso , observing how pleasing they are to the eye . vanhoenacker recalls a wildlife writer once describing virginia’s great blue heron as ‘ the 747 of the swamp’ and notes how this would delight the aircraft’s chief designer , joseph sutter , who was greatly influenced by the anatomy of birds . but sutter ( now in his mid-90s ) once stated that the 747 is more ‘ a place’ than a conveyance . pilots like flying 747s for all kinds of reasons , vanhoenacker tells us , but not the least of them is one of the most prosaic : unlike the airbus , in which pilots usually wear heavy socks , they have foot heaters . and the ‘ frozen surface of the arctic ocean looks better — everything looks better — when your feet are warm’ . he writes elegantly about his pilot’s eye view of the world and explains that he has come to measure countries in jet time , ie how long they take to cross . thus , russia is a seven-hour country and belgium , with a tailwind , is merely a 15-minute country . noting the vast , desolate regions he routinely flies over , it does not surprise him that , according to one calculation , the portion of the earth’s surface on which an unclothed human could survive for 24 hours is just 15 per cent . but of even more interest , certainly to those of us who occasionally fly long-haul , are the nuts and bolts of those journeys . vanhoenacker will get to the airport 90 minutes before he pilots his 747 to los angeles or tokyo , and there will meet the rest of the crew , 20 or so strong . and ‘meet’ really means ‘meet’ : air crews do not move as a pack , and are usually strangers to each other . as he puts it , ‘ our nametags are not worn only for passengers ... there is a reasonable chance we may never speak to each other again in our lives . ’ before boarding , he will brief the cabin crew on what kind of flight time and weather to expect , while they will tell him if there’s anything noteworthy about the passenger roster , and whether any of the ba staff on board have friends or family on the flight , people known , splendidly , as ‘klingons’ . unsurprisingly , life on a 747 is full of jargon : a second co-pilot on longer flights is known as ‘ the heavy’ , one acting as ‘ heavy out’ , the other as ‘ heavy home’ . and for a pilot , the sky is full of aerial milestones called waypoints , with names usually comprising five capital letters . these often relate directly to the place below , so above boston in vanhoenacker’s home state , there is the waypoint lbsta , referring to the region’s prized shellfish , and another , nimoy , after one of the city’s more notable sons , the late actor leonard nimoy , who played mr spock in star trek . but other names are harder to explain . above st louis , missouri , are the waypoints annii and lenxx . vanhoenacker’s best guess is that an air-traffic controller there was a fan of eurythmics’ singer annie lennox . who would have thought that the mysteries of flying would embrace mr spock , klingons and annie lennox ? skyfaring is crammed with these revelations and more , while the acknowledgments end on a plaintive note . maybe one day , vanhoenacker hopes , wide-eyed children will again be allowed in the cockpit during a flight . in the meantime , he does a very good job of telling us what happens in there , and why we should still trust the men at the controls . 