if you ever wanted to go to the mad hatter 's tea party or follow the white rabbit round a strange world , then you had best head to the south coast of england . brighton holds the ultimate fantasy for fans of the lewis carroll classic , with not one but two alice in wonderland themed houses to stay in . the wonderland house in brighton sleeps up to 24 , with tea party sets , queen of heart themed bunk beds , or alternatively try the snug looking glass cottage with décor inspired by the fantasy story . scroll down for video . perfect tea party ! the large dining room table comes complete with engraved quotes from the book , with them mirrored on the other side and if you are looking at them through a looking glass . quirky design ! popular with guests is the french vintage bottle rack , which holds all of the cups . the chairs are shaped like teacups with plush cushions for comfort . the guest of honour can see in the elaborate head seat . jacqueline martin , 37 , said she sourced the wallpaper online by getting inspiration from sites like pinterest . every inch of the wonderland house is creatively designed to reflect the fantastical story . the dining room comes ready prepared with teapots , cups and saucers - thankfully without the addition of a dormouse inside . enjoy a delicious tea party with multiple cake stands , and chairs designed in the shape of teacups . the mum of three said the property is extremely popular with parties and hen dos , and weekends have to be booked far in advance . choose to spend the night as the sassy queen of hearts in themed bunk beds , or in a separate room as heroine alice . guests will feel like they have stepped into the pages of the popular book , as no detail in has been overlooked in bringing the story to life . from themed flamingo wallpaper and feather light fittings in one bedroom , to crown wallpaper and elaborate mirrors in the queen of hearts bedroom each room takes you through the magical story . the kitchen even has a chequerboard floor , reminiscent of carroll 's second book where the characters represent chess pieces with alice starting out as a pawn . jacqueline martin designed the incredible house in less than a year , sourcing the materials online from other countries on ebay and pinterest , finding trinkets in junk sales , or getting her family to help make bespoke items . she said : ' i have always been mad about the story and it was my favourite disney film . ' ' i completed the project while i was pregnant , and the whole family helped out . ' my teenage daughter helped by making holes in saucers to make chandeliers , and my husband transformed a teapot and server into a bathroom sink . ' the flamingo room has bespoke fluffy lampshades to denote bird feathers , and themed wallpaper . purrfect sleep ! alice 's room features smiling cheshire cats and multiple mirrors , in a nod to the second book in lewis carroll 's series . the kitchen area has a chequerboard floor , similar to theme of the second novel where the action features around chess moves . jacqueline said her and her family went round junk yards to collect unique details for the house , and created the house in december 2014 . the plush lounge features playing card wallpaper and a kettle lamp , reminiscent of the mad hatter . there is also champagne available labelled of course with the ' drink me ' tag . creatively , in the bathroom guests will find teapots instead of regular taps . the location of this quirky hideaway is perfect , being located right by the seafront in the area of town known as kemptown . famous quotes from the book are featured around the house for guests to spot , such as ' drink me ' on the champagne , ( left ) . the white rabbit also makes an appearance , ( right ) . the house currently holds a perfect 5/5 score on tripadvisor with many customers singing its praises . hannahb861 gave it five points and said : ' we had an amazing time here for my hen do-everyone loved the house and we were all continually spotting little details here and there that just added to the specialness of the house . ' a lot of my friends asked if we could just move in and never have to leave ! ' the five-floor seafront house costs from £450 per night on holiday lettings and more details can be found on the website . jacqueline 's husband made the incredible teapot and server sink and taps from items found at a junk yard . each corner of this themed house has been lovingly designed and researched by jacqueline . for guests requiring a smaller property looking glass cottage could be the perfect themed stay . this property sleeps up to eight people and is spread out over three floors . also owned and created by jacqueline , this was the first of the properties to be created three years ago . following the success of this snug cottage , the mum-of-three branched out to a second larger house in order to create the mad hatter 's tea party room . looking glass cottage , also in brighton is a smaller but charming property , which brought jacqueline 's love of the book to life . the cosy bedrooms feature items like a stack of teacups as a lampshade , flamingo wallpaper , a white rabbit light and vintage mirrors . looking glass cottage costs from £253 per night and guests are advised to book in advance as weekend slots get filled very quickly . ' there has been such a great reaction to the house , ' jacqueline said . ' i get numerous enquiries daily and i am very lucky as there is hardly any damage as people love the house as much as i do . ' book on holiday lettings or find out more on the website . the cosy lounge has a deck of cards for wallpaper , and of course comes with a chequerboard so you can play your own game of chess . one of jacqueline 's favourite items in the house are the spoon and knife door handles , which were found on ebay . she admits she has been looking but ca n't find any more !