a mother , father and their eight-month old baby boy were killed on monday when a concrete barrier fell onto their truck as they were driving under an overpass in washington state . the tragic accident claimed the lives of josh and vanessa ellis and baby hudson , who were crushed when the 50-foot-long concrete slab slammed down on top of them , according to bonney lake police . the barrier weighed ' tons ' according to investigators and the damage to the family 's pickup truck was so great that it took them hours to extract the bodies . scroll down for video . tragic accident : josh and vanessa had been married for five years and their baby boy hudson was only eight months old at the time of the crash . community : josh and vanessa were both youth pastors at the eastpointe foursquare church in bonney lake . demolished : this picture show the complete devastation the concrete block wrought on the family pickup truck . clean-up : a car drives on angeline road under the state route 410 overpass , tuesday , april 14 , 2015 , the day after a young couple and their son were killed when a concrete slab fell from the overpass . poignant : a cross , a stuffed animal and flowers are shown at a makeshift memorial for josh and vanessa ellis and baby hudson who were killed on . scene : josh , vanessa and baby hudson were crushed to death after a concrete slab fell from a construction site on a washington state bridge and landed on their truck . above , the crushed vehicle . fatal : the married couple and their baby were driving underneath the state 's route 410 overpass in bonney lake - where workers were installing a sidewalk - on monday morning . above , the scene . shockingly , authorities thought that only one person had been killed by the impact , but discovered to their horror that an entire family had been crushed to death according to kiro tv . while america once had the world 's best road and transportation network system , but now it is crumbling . indeed , according to a former us transport secretary , ray lahood said there are 70,000 bridges that have been deemed structurally deficient across the nation . lahood made this damning statistic abundantly clear when he told cbs news , ' i do n't want to say they 're unsafe . but they 're dangerous . i would agree with that . ' moreso , every four years , the american society of civil engineers ( asce ) releases its comprehensive assessment of the state of us infrastructure . in its most recent one , from 2013 , it gave the nation a grading of d+ . across the united states there are 607,380 bridges according to the asce and they have an average lifespan of 42 years . out of those bridges , one in nine is considered to be structurally problematic . chief among those are the storrow drive bridge in boston , which has cement too thick for its steel structure to continue supporting and the us route 1/9 bridge over the passaic river in new jersey , which is rusted . one of the reasons why things have got so bad is due of course to dwindling investment . from 1950 to the 1990s , the investment in infrastructure across the nation stood at two percent of gdp . that fell to 1.5 percent in 2012 . as a comparison china spends seven percent of its gdp on infrastructure and india , five percent . so large is the problem , that experts have said that either an upsurge in money to rebuilding the nation is needed , or the country will begin to suffer huge problems over the next generation . source : the week/cbs . bonney lake police officer todd green told the new york daily news that the ellis family would likely have died on impact and not known much about the accident . he said he was confident about this assessment because they found no break marks under the bridge , leading him to believe they had no warning . ' this is a very unfortunate and sad circumstance , especially in a town this size , ' green said . ' this is something that will hit our community big time . ' the couple celebrated their five year wedding anniversary in early march and were pastors at their local church . at the time of the incident , construction crews were working on the sidewalk installation project , it is reported . when they finally managed to reach the damaged truck , they found the victims inside . ' we were just heading down the street ... and i could hear three snaps and down it went on top of the truck , ' witness dawn nelson , who was riding in a car behind the pickup , told king-tv . she added : ' there was nothing anyone could do . it was just surreal . ' it remains unknown what caused the ' very heavy ' concrete structure to fall , king 5 reported . city spokesman woody edvalson said the material that fell in bonney lake - situated around 30 mile southeast of seattle , washington - was part of the original span , which was built in 1992 . it has a sufficiency rating of 95.3 out of 100 , according to the news tribune . investigation : a worker takes photographs under the state route 410 overpass on tuesday , the day after a young couple and their son were killed . workers on-site : as the family drove under the overpass , a chunk of concrete fell onto the roadway , crushing their pickup truck . above , workers are pictured at the scene , shortly after the family of three were killed . press conference : above , todd green , center , of bonney lake police department , is seen talking to reporters on monday . construction for a $ 1.8 million city sidewalk project to improve pedestrian access along the highway started about a month ago . the contractor whh nisqually had crews on the scene on monday . ' the project was to add a pedestrian walkway along that overpass on sr 410 , ' mr edvalson told reporters following monday 's tragedy , adding : ' this accident occurred as a result of that effort . ' the project included rebuilding the north side of the bridge , adding a sewer line , widening sr 410 between the bridge and 192nd avenue , and adding bases for future street lights , it is reported . bonney lake police , the state department of transportation and whh nisqually are investigating . bridge : construction for a $ 1.8 million city sidewalk project to improve pedestrian access along the highway ( pictured in 2012 ) started about a month ago . the contractor whh nisqually had crews on the scene monday .