vincent nogueira scored in stoppage time and philadelphia beat new york city fc 2-1 for the union 's first major league soccer victory of the season on saturday . nyc goalkeeper josh saunders collided with conor casey inside the 6-yard box defending a cross and nogueira toe-poked it home in the 92nd minute . zach pfeffer started the scoring in the 27th minute for philadelphia . sebastien le toux beat his defender , dribbled to the goal-line and fed it across to pfeffer . david villa scores from close range to round off a classy new york city goal , but could n't prevent a defeat . villa started the move with a back-heel before tapping in the rebound after his team-mate 's shot was saved . former spain international david villa equalized in the 55th minute for city , reacting first to a rebound off debutant goalkeeper john mccarthy to tap the ball into an empty net . new york 's lloyd sam scored in the 90th minute to rescue a 2-2 draw for the red bulls at high-flying dc united . goalkeeper bill hamid blocked sacha kljestan 's free kick , but the ball squirted away and sam beat his defender to the loose ball for the equalizer . perry kitchen gave united a 1-0 lead after heading taylor kemp 's 26th-minute corner kick off the post and into the net . in the 67th minute , chris rolfe navigated through new york 's defense and found kitchen , who took one touch and drilled a shot for a 2-0 lead for the eastern conference leaders . new york answered a minute later when damien perrinelle headed in felipe 's corner kick for his first mls goal . sanna nyassi scored in the 75th minute as san jose beat mls-leading vancouver in a tempestuous match that saw both teams finish with 10 men . san jose earthquakes midfielder sanna nyassi scores the only goal in his team 's win over vancouver . vancouver blocked the first two shot attempts of the sequence , and then nyassi smashed the left-footed strike from near the penalty spot into the left corner of the goal for his first career goal with the earthquakes . pedro morales and adam jahn both received red cards in the 88th minute for a brief altercation . jahn went down , and morales kicked at the ball near jahn 's midsection after the whistle . jahn kicked back at morales ' shins in retaliation . giles barnes headed home brad davis ' free kick in the 15th minute , ending houston 's 274-minute scoring drought , as the dynamo beat the montreal impact 3-0 . ricardo clark doubled the lead for houston in the 72nd minute and rob lovejoy capped the scoring in the 80th as the dynamo won for the first time in 5 games , despite montreal controlling possession for most of the contest . elsewhere , new england played to a scoreless draw with columbus , as did real salt lake at sporting kansas city . the houston dynamo players celebrate with giles barnes after he scored in a 3-0 win over montreal impact . 