arnold schwarzenegger has unleashed a tirade against indiana 's polarizing religious freedom restoration act , saying the new laws are ' distracting and divisive ' for the republican party . while the legislation has sparked a nationwide outcry , with many claiming it legalizes discrimination against lesbians and gays and causing boycotts of the state , the actor and former california governor has a different take on the controversy . writing an op-ed for the washington post , schwarzenegger says he believes the defining problem is that republicans are focusing on the wrong issues , in a move that will only hurt the gop and further alienate voters . he wrote in the piece friday : ' as an american , i’m incredibly concerned about what happened in indiana this week and the threat of similar laws being passed in other states . ' ( but ) as a republican , i’m furious . ' blast : former california governor arnold schwarzenegger became the latest celebrity to speak out against indiana’s religious freedom restoration act , calling it a ' distracting ' law that only hurts the republican party . schwarzenegger continued : ' i know plenty of republicans who are sensible and driven to solve problems for america … this message isn’t for them … it is for republicans who choose the politics of division over policies that improve the lives of all of us . ' it is for republicans who have decided to neglect the next generation of voters . it is for republicans who are fighting for laws that fly in the face of equality and freedom . ' if we want our party to grow and last , we must be focused on real solutions to problems americans are facing . ' but distracting , divisive laws like the one indiana passed are n't just bad for the country , they’re also bad for our party . ' polls show that laws like this are not supported by independents , women , minorities or americans between 18 and 29 . outcry : protesters hold signs protesting indiana 's controversial religious freedom restoration act , which has made the state the target of a boycott by businesses , local governments and individuals across the us . angered : demonstrators gather in indianapolis to protest a controversial religious freedom bill recently signed by indiana governor mike pence during a rally last weekend . march : thousands of opponents of indiana senate bill 101 , the religious freedom restoration act , gather for a protest on the lawn of the indiana state house on march 28 . ' if the republican party wants the next generation of voters to listen to our ideas and solutions to real problems , we must be an inclusive and open party , not a party of divisions . ' we must be the party of limited government , not the party that legislates love . ' we must be the party that stands for equality and against discrimination in any form . ' schwarzenegger was the governor of california between 2003 and 2011 . in 2008 he opposed california’s controversial prop 8 in favor of lgbt rights . however the bill , which made gay marriage illegal in california , was still passed while he was governor . the religious freedom restoration act , brought in by indiana governor mike pence , with a near-identical bill brought in in arkansas , were supposed to satisfy evangelicals by ' upholding religious freedom ' , but subsequently sparked boycotts of both states . the republican governors of both states signed off thursday on changes approved by the legislatures aimed at clarifying the intent behind the legislation . to a large extent , the measures were modeled after a federal law enacted in 1993 with broad bipartisan support . but critics of the new measures said they were designed with a different motive — to shield businesses and individuals who do not want to serve gays and lesbians , such as florists or caterers who might be hired for a same-sex wedding . 