ricky gervais has led an online charge against ' trophy hunters ' after posting a picture of an extreme huntress winner lying next to a dead giraffe and smiling . the comedian was outraged when he came across the picture of american grandmother-of-nine rebecca francis , who won the reality tv show extreme huntress in 2010 . ' what must 've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling ? ' a furious gervais tweeted . trophy : ricky gervais posted this picture of extreme huntress winner rebecca francis on his twitter feed . disgust : the animal-lover sent it out with this message - which got retweeted thousands of times . proud : francis , a grandmother-of-nine , is passionate about hunting - and regularly posts pictures of her kills . francis then found herself at the centre of a social media storm , as 14,543 people retweeted it - with some even tweeting they hoped she dies ' a lonely , painful death ' . jason arnopp ( ‏ @ jasonarnopp ) tweeted : ' it 's a special kind of psychopathy , it really is . ' the doom ‏ ( @ jamesvondoom ) added : ' why the **** are they shooting giraffes ? a standing giraffe is probably easier to hit than a `` sitting duck '' . ' despite the outcry , francis , a mother of eight in her mid-40s , is far from alone in her passion for hunting down animals for sport . tens of thousands of tourists travel to africa every year to collect ' trophies ' , from warthogs to elephants . those wanting to hunt down giraffes to add to their collections can do so quite easily , with entire tour companies dedicated to the ' sport ' . killing a giraffe will cost somewhere in the region of $ 3,000 , or £2,037 , with the cost of the day 's hunting on top - about $ 440 ( £298 ) . extreme : francis ' biography reveals she hopes to inspire more women to get involved with hunting . global : she has travelled all over the world to hunt - shooting dead zebra , lion and giraffes . record : francis has recently achieved the ' grand slam of north america ' - hunting down all the species of sheep native to the continent with her bow . she is only the second woman to achieve the feat . but while those like gervais are horrified by the idea , francis is a proud advocate for the sport - which has seen her travel the world in search of the latest ' trophy ' . indeed , a biography for francis on sheepshape - a 'documentary/reality ' programme which follows four hunters trying to overcome a set of personal problems by hunting north american sheep - says : ' rebecca loves to share her passion for hunting with her kids and other women . ' she hopes to help more women get out there and pursue their interest . ' her own website boasts of becoming the second american woman to get the ' grand slam of north america ' with her bow - which means she has killed all four species native to north america . ' achieving the full curl with a bow is like reaching the top of that mountain and crossing that finish line , which was my dream that began 18 years ago when i came home from my first rifle sheep hunt , ' she told the unita county herald . the mailonline has contacted francis for a comment .  