this is the dramatic moment two traffic police officers were almost decapitated after a caravan sped past at speed with a window wide open . the motorway officers had been standing on the hard shoulder on the m5 in gloucesteshire at night after pulling over a driver , who they suspected was speeding . they then spotted a caravan heading towards them in the dark and at the last minute spotted the nearside back window was open . the caravan , which sped past the two traffic police officers with its back window open , circled , and almost decapitated them . the two officers spotted that the caravan 's window was open with just seconds to spare and managed to dive out of the way . the pair were forced to dive out of the way with just seconds to spare before they were severely injured . the caravan also narrowly missed a workman standing further along the carriageway and the two officers got into their patrol car to give chase . they then quickly caught up with the driver towing the caravan and stopped him between junctions 11 and 11a near cheltenham . he told the officers that he was unaware that the window had become loose and opened and was made to close it securely . the near-miss came to light after gloucestershire constabulary 's road policing unit tweeted about sunday night 's incident . they posted : ' if you look very closely , top left above the road sign you will just make out the caravan nearside window open , which we didn’t notice until we stopped the car that was in lane 2 for speeding . ' we were seconds away from being beheaded on m5 . the near-miss came to light after gloucestershire constabulary 's road policing unit tweeted about sunday night 's incident . ' it was the car drivers lucky night as we had to go after and stop the caravan . the window had worked it’s way loose and was open ! ' and here’s the nearside view of the caravan window open , just as we closed the police car door and looked behind m5 . ' a workman had a close escape as well at jtn 11 to 11a . driver was unaware , brackets worked loose . ' the car driver was spoken to but knowing road works ahead we needed to stop the caravan . window was then secured . ” the two policemen were not the only lucky people on the night as the speeding driver they had stopped also escaped further punishment because they could not deal with him . 