premier league clubs looking for players at barcelona and real madrid this summer will find a team’s worth . bara want limited departures from the first team this summer because they can’t sign players until january but they also want to blood young players from their b-team out on loan at higher leagues because their second string is likely to be playing third division football . at real madrid the need for a clear-out could make the exodus bigger than in most other seasons and boy wonder martin odegaard will need a loan club . sportsmail look at 10 potential clasico exports . martin odegaard ( right ) is expected to go out on loan from real madrid to gain experience next season . pedro . he will probably stay for another year but there will be no shortage of suitors for the 27-year-old if he does decide he’s had enough . much may depend on the part he plays in the end of the season at the camp nou as luis suarez 's arrival has seen his opportunities restricted this year . pedro could be on his way out of barcelona after falling down the pecking order since luis suarez 's arrival . if real madrid step up their interest in david de gea , it could mark the end of iker casillas 's time at the club . iker casillas . iker casillas doesn’t want to leave but if real madrid sign david de gea he may be more tempted . arsenal have been interested in the past and london would suit the spain international . martin montoya . martin montoya played in midweek against psg because dani alves was suspended but there is little faith in his ability to be the brazilian’s long-term successor . liverpool have looked at the defender before . not for nothing was he called up to the spain squad aged 19 . at the right club the 24-year-old would thrive . martin montoya is not considered to be the long-term replacement for dani alves at barcelona . fabio coentrao . fabio coentrao remains one of the biggest mysteries of real madrid’s transfer policy in recent years . jose mourinho requested the player in his second season at the club and he was brought in for £22million . he has played less than 40 percent of possible minutes and will be sold in the summer . inexplicably , he always looks a good player for portugal and his ability to play left back or left midfield is an added plus . fabio coentrao ( right ) has struggled to impress at madrid and could be offloaded in the summer . munir el haddadi ( left ) could be loaned out next season with attacking opportunities limited at the nou camp . munir el haddadi . another already called up by spain because vicente del bosque did not want to lose him to morocco . the 19-year-old was brilliant for barcelona earlier in the season , often starting ahead of pedro as everyone waited for suarez’s return . he was impressive but now barça are at full strength and he could be loaned out . asier illarramendi . asier illaramendi , 25 , is beyond the point of being able to grow as a player with the occasional first team start . he is another in the same ‘ strange signing’ bracket as coentrao . the midfielder cost £27million from real sociedad two years ago and has never looked good enough to play for madrid . liverpool have looked at him but real sociedad are keen to take him back . asier illarramendi has had his progress hindered by a lack of starting opportunities at real madrid . somewhere between the two he will find his level . jese . jese can play anywhere across the front and looked like being the late entry in vicente del bosque’s spain squad last season until he tore his cruciate ligament . it’s been a long way back and as ever at madrid holding down a first team place in the forward line is next to impossible . jese will only be sent on loan to gain experience as madrid see him as a first team regular one day . jese ( left ) has endured a long recovery from injury after tearing his cruciate ligament last year . real will only loan him , because they do see the 22-year-old graduating to the first team one day . a season’s experience in england would work wonders . sergi samper . spurs were keen on 20-year-old sergi samper when andre villas-boas was at the club . barça believe he will be the long-term successor to sergio busquets . the problem for samper is that busquets has years ahead of him . midfielder sergi samper ( left ) has been earmarked as barcelona 's next sergio busquets . a loan will be sought if barça b are relegated but luis enrique might also consider making samper a first-team player next season . sami khedira . are you still here ? the 28-year-old german hardly played last season because of injury and this season has been no different thanks to a lack of form and many at madrid would say , application . germany midfielder sami khedira ( left ) is expected to depart madrid after a minor role at the club this year . khedira ( right ) pictured in action against schalke , the club that could be his next destination . schalke are the favourites to sign him . arsenal have looked before but huge wages are a major hurdle . martin odegaard . he has brought nothing but bad luck to real madrid’s b-team ‘castilla’ and it’s no surprise team-mates would prefer he didn’t play , such is the team’s improved form when he is off the pitch . the 16-year-old odegaard has struggled to fit in the real madrid b-team and may depart on loan next season . that’s more a reflection of how he hasn’t fitted in than any problems with his ability . the 16-year-old prodigy will go out on loan next season but english suitors will find it tough to persuade madrid that the loan club should not be a la liga side .  