rafael nadal eased past spanish compatriot nicolas almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the barcelona open third round on wednesday as he began his bid for a ninth title on the clay in the catalan capital . watched by barcelona forward neymar in the crowd , the world no 4 and second seed comfortably dismissed the unseeded almagro - who is battling back after foot surgery that sidelined him for the second half of last year and has dropped out of the top 100 . the pair met in the 2013 barcelona final , when nadal claimed his eighth title , before 2015 top seed kei nishikori of japan won last year 's event after almagro surprised nadal in the quarter-finals . neymar ( left ) poses for a photo with rafael nadal at the barcelona open on wednesday . rafael nadal beat spanish compatriot nicolas almagro 6-3 6-1 to reach the barcelona open third round . world no 4 swept past almagro on wednesday as looks for his ninth career title on the catalan clay court . the tournament 's second seed was watched by barcelona star neymar - fresh from his two-goal salvo vs psg . almagro could n't produce a repeat performance of his win vs nadal in the tournament like he did last year . nadal is looking to rediscover his best form on the red dust ahead of the french open next month . nadal , whose 2014 season was wrecked by illness and injury , is looking to rediscover his best form on the red dust before he makes a bid for a record-extending 10th french open crown starting at the end of next month . the majorca native lost to world no 1 novak djokovic in the semi-finals of last week 's monte carlo masters and many are tipping the serb to end his spanish rival 's stranglehold at roland garros . nadal said he was happy with the way he has been playing the past couple of weeks . ' i had today 's match more or less under control and i think i made very few errors , ' he told spanish television . ' it was the first match of the week against someone who beat me last year and for whom i have maximum respect , ' added the 28-year-old , who is chasing a 66th career title . nadal will play 13th seed fabio fognini of italy or russian qualifier andrey rublev on thursday for a place in friday 's quarter-finals . nadal will play 13th seed fabio fognini of italy or russian qualifier andrey rublev on thursday .