teenagers across america got a very realistic simulation of a prom night drinking and driving crash and from the looks of their aghast faces it seems as though they learned their lesson . the glasford school in illinois hosted one of several simulations put on by the american red cross to educate students on the dangers of drunk driving . the staged event on thursday used student actors playing accident victims and used real local police , fire and rescue personnel responding to the scene , reports the journal star . scroll down for video . hit close to home : illini bluffs high school senior moriah nau , center right , embraces classmate jordan lowe thursday as they are both affected by the intensity of a simulated prom night fatal automobile accident . playing dead : illini bluffs high school senior alanni young stands thursday as american red cross central illinois chapter employee lisa maynard adds a touch of realism before a simulated prom night accident . in attendance at the event and clearly troubled was an illini bluffs high school senior named moriah nau who wiped her tears away as she was embraced by her friend . nau 's brother , austin , died at age 17 in a 2011 non-alcohol-related automobile accident . playing one of the injured students was alanni young who was sprayed with makeup that realistically looked like blood . playing the drunk driver in a tuxedo was illini bluffs high school senior sam giftos who stumbled out of the vehicle with fake blood dripping down his face as beer cans lined the street . in the simulation , actual firefighters removed one of the injured passengers , senior jule hemp , in a stretcher and a neck brace . the illinois high school was not the only one to host a drunken driving accident simulation this week . very real : beer cans litter the ground as illini bluffs high school senior sam giftos acts the role of the drunken driver involved in a fatal prom night accident thursday in glasford . bloodied : alanni young prepares to simulate a fatal car crash on thursday evening in illinois . in a graphic staged performance on wednesday at massapequa high school in long island , students showed other students just what kinds of things could happen if a driver decides to drink before getting behind the wheel . a young man ran to the windshield of a crashed car where a ' dead ' woman was slumped over and covered in blood . the man in the tuxedo was playing the role of a drunk driver who rammed his car into another vehicle , injuring six others including his prom date . realistic rescue : firefighters remove senior jule hemp , playing the role of an injured passenger , from the simulated prom night fatal automobile accident at before high school students on thursday . ' thank god it’s not real , ' said kelly hastings , who played the dead woman , told cbs . ' i couldn’t imagine seeing a scene like that , although i couldn’t see it because i was participating in it . i just pray to god it never happens to anyone else . ' the drunken driving crash simulation did n't end at the collision . real first-responders came to the scene with their sirens blasting . fire trucks , ambulances , and even medevac helicopters took the actors playing victims away as though they were truly hurt . 'we’re actually showing first-hand what a motor vehicle accident looks like from start to finish , ' said massapequa fire fighter stuart paolino . injured victim : ' thank god it’s not real , ' said kelly hastings , who played the dead woman , told cbs . the simulation was paolino 's idea and he hopes it will scare teenagers out of drinking and driving . the man who played the drunk driver , brian bernhard , was escorted off the scene in handcuffs . bernhard told cbs even though it was just a simulation , he felt absolutely terrified and hopes that no one has to go through a drunken driving arrest . ' it felt like the real thing , ' he said . ' it certainly , certainly was no joke ; very real . ' students who witnessed the gruesome play acting were left with stunned expressions on their faces . it was a little scary to see what could actually happen , and it hit me , ' said massapequa high school junior jacob liese . ' this simulation , along with consistent reinforcement of the importance of healthy choices , is an invaluable opportunity to positively impact our students in our fight against dwi and other destructive decisions , ' said lucille f. iconis , superintendent of massapequa school district . ' we thank the massapequa fire department , the nassau county police department and our student actors for driving home such a powerful , life-saving message . ' real responders : actual rescue personnel take the teenage actors into ambulances and fire trucks . 