a man charged with assassinating russian opposition leader boris nemstov has told a court he was beaten and pressured into confessing to the murder . zaur dadaev is accused of being involved in the shooting of the politician in moscow on february 27 , along with four other chechan men . now russian news agencies have quoted him as telling the court that he had been abducted , beaten and pressured into confessing to nemstov 's murder . zaur dadaev spoken to the court in moscow via a video link from his prison cell . dadaev had previously confessed to boris nemstov 's murder but now says he was beaten and pressured into make that statement . dadaev is one of five chechan men who have been accused of killing the opposition leader . nemstov was shot in the back four times on a bridge close to the kremlin in february , sparking a huge protest march in moscow . dadaev was the only one , according to a judge and investigators , who confessed to the killing . when he appeared in court in march , dadaev did n't admit his guilt for the murder , and later retracted his confession . human rights activist andrei babushkin , who visited the suspect in jail last month , said he had seen signs of torture on dadaev 's body . zaur dadaev retracted his confession for the murder of nemstov last month . a human rights activist said when he visited him in prison he had abrasions on his body and had suffered multiple injuries . boris nemstov was an outspoken critic of russian president vladimir putin . it is understood at the time of his death he was working on a report examining russia 's military involvement in the east of ukraine . but the russian state-funded television network russia today claimed human rights activists had found no signs of torture on dadaev 's body when they visited him in custody . dadaev is being held with his cousins , anzor and shagid gubahsev . khamzat bakhayev and tamerlan eskerkhanov have also been accused of involvement in nemstov 's murder . the outspoken politician was shot in the back four times as he crossed a bridge near the kremlin and red square in moscow . more than 20,000 people marched through the capital city in protest of his murder , holding posters of his face and signs saying : ' i am not afraid ' . an outspoken critic of putin , investigators say they are still trying to work out who ordered nemstov to be killed .