stuart mccall on sunday night admitted the finest performance of his short ibrox reign left him with ‘goosebumps’ and a growing belief that he can steer revitalised rangers up to the premiership . on a day which ended with ibrox captain lee mcculloch publicly apologising for a reckless red card , first-half goals from kenny miller and haris vuckic were enough to ensure the captain’s 44th-minute folly did not prevent rangers securing an important three points against championship title winners hearts . genero zeefuik pulled back a late consolation for robbie neilson’s men but rangers closed out the game to make it three wins in a row as mccall’s improving side leapfrogged hibs into second place with six games remaining . kenny miller ( left ) celebrates scoring for rangers against championship winners hearts on sunday . and last night the delighted ibrox caretaker boss admitted he is starting to trust that his players can take charge of their own destiny in the end-of-season play-offs . ‘i’m beginning to trust the players the more and more i work with them , ’ said mccall . ‘i’m very proud of the team and the fans . hearts had won nine on the bounce before today and they are champions for a reason . they’ve won 26 out of 30 games . ‘ but we scored two terrific goals and the tempo and passing in the first half in particular was outstanding . haris vuckic ( centre ) scored the decisive goal for rangers in the 2-1 victory that moved them into second . ‘ the second half was about guts and desire and being a good team-mate . ‘ it was a hard shift and there were a lot of tired boys at full-time — but it was a deserved win in the end . ‘i’ve got to say that was probably the first time for a long , long , long time — probably since i was playing — that i have been out there and got goosebumps . i thought the boys deserved their applause at the end . ‘ hibs have lost three on the bounce now and we’ve won three on the bounce , so that shows how things can change quickly in football . rangers were reduced to 10 men when captain lee mcculloch was dismissed from the pitch . staurt mccall says the gers captain apologised to him as well as the players after the incident . ‘we’ve got a tough game at queen of the south on thursday and all we want is to keep improving . ‘ but we can take belief , confidence and momentum forward from this . ’ after the match , mcculloch made a brief appearance on bt sport to apologise for his red card for an elbow on osman sow . he said : ‘ i felt as though i was caught in no-man’s land , if he won the header there would have been a runner in . genero zeefuik tapped in from close range as hearts scored a consolation against rangers . ‘ there was no intent whatsoever , i can say that honestly , but obviously i’m disappointed . ‘i’ve apologised to all the management , all my team-mates , i feel as if i’ve let myself down . ’ mcculloch is out of contract at the end of this season and when asked if he would like to remain at ibrox , he said : ‘ of course i want to stay here . i’ve got a part to play i feel for the run-in and get the club back to where we want to be . ’ mccall plans to watch the incident again before deciding what action , if any , to take against his captain , who now misses thursday night’s match at queen of the south . victory for rangers moves them into second and continues their resurgence under stuart mccall . he said : ‘ i missed the challenge but the referee said he’s caught the boy with an elbow . ‘jig’s come in and apologised to me and the team afterwards , so it must have merited a red card . ‘ am i disappointed that such an experienced player would do that at such an important time of the season ? that’s a good question but i’ve not had time to think about it . i’ll look at it then speak to him . ’ mcculloch walks off the pitch after he was shown the red card on easter sunday . but mccall praised the attitude of the players who remained on the park and won three points . ‘ attitude and desire has got to be a gim me if you want to play here at rangers , ’ he added . ‘it’s easy to buckle and go into your shell when things aren’t going well but we saw today people puffed out their chests . ‘ they are enjoying themselves because of the way we are playing and results . but they know if they don’t perform like that every week they will be out of the team . ’