the eighth wonder of the world is nearing completion in the seventh tier of english football . in a park in the middle of a working-class suburb east of the city centre , builders are putting the finishing touches to fc united of manchester 's broadhurst park . there are no pyramids , hanging gardens or light houses but there is a sweeping terrace , a series of football pitches and floodlight pylons . fc united of manchester 's new 5,000-capacity stadium broadhurst park is nearing completion . general manager andy walsh outside the new ground , which cost the democratic club a whopping £6.5m . this a symbol that there is another way . another way a million miles away from billion-pound tv deals , fat-cat owners , sanitised stadia and all that many will tell you is wrong with modern football . set to host benfica for the official opening on may 29 , the 5,000-capacity stadium will finally end a nomadic decade on the road for the breakaway outfit set up in may 2005 by manchester united fans sick of being exploited by the club they loved , for whom the arrival of the glazer family was a step too far . broadhurst ( some mischievous souls voted for fcum hall in the naming poll ) , dismissed by many as an impossible dream , cost around £6.5m . of that colossal sum around half came from the pockets of the democratic club 's 4,000 members . the rest came from grants with around £500,000 loaned by the council . it is a ground for the fans , paid for by the fans . the function room at the new ground is part of a stadium that will also serve the local community . broadhurst park is a far cry from the glamour and glitz of old trafford , seven miles away across the city . but is it two fingers up at the debt-burdening americans still in charge seven miles across the city ? ' that 's a daft question , ' says general manager andy walsh . ' establishing this football ground is a statement of what football supporters can achieve if they are given the opportunity , ' he adds . they are strong words from a man who believes in standing up for what he believes in . far from marching proudly into a new stadium , 25 years ago andy , now 52 , was nervously stepping into a prison cell for non-payment of poll tax . it was those principles that saw him leave behind a steady job as a driving instructor ( with a wife and two kids to support ) to take his current role leading the rebels with a cause in 2006 and , with a heavy heart , vow never to set foot inside his beloved old trafford again until the glazers were gone . broadhurst , with its view of the bright lights of oldham across the valley , is a far cry from today 's old trafford . it is also not your identikit , breeze-blocked modern stadium . behind one goal is a 2,500-capacity terrace , salvaged from northwich victoria . the changing rooms at the new ground are simple , but walsh says the club are ambitious for progress . on matchdays one of the stands will house a food market , with local businesses from indian takeaways to vegan cafes offering fans their fayre . in the clubhouse supporters will not drink budweiser , or aperol spritz but cask ale from manchester brewers joseph holt . the local brew of the day 's opposition will also be imported for each match while the club is planning to install a microbrewery . dozens of volunteers have helped to build it . one fan donated a lift . fruit trees will make it the first pollinator-friendly football ground in the country . discussions , however , are ongoing over the pies . ' we have to get that one right , ' says andy , but the provider will be a local firm in line with the club 's policy . the physio room will turn into a medical suite for the community on non-match days and there is a classroom for the club 's academy and for the use of those from the surrounding area . on the back of the main stand there is wooden cladding – a nod to the wooden sleepers of the lancashire and yorkshire railway company which spawned the first incarnation of manchester united just down the road in newton heath 136 years ago . walsh explains the plans for the stadium to sportsmail 's mike keegan ( right ) at the new ground . ' we 're a mile away from northampton road ( newton heath 's first ground ) , ' says andy . ' we wanted to be within the m60 ring road . that we are so close to where it began is a happy coincidence . ' andy , born and raised a stone 's throw from the stretford end , is expecting a 20 per cent rise on the club 's already impressive average attendances of 2,000 as they seek to end four years of play-off heartbreak and gain promotion to the conference north . it sounds conservative , but he does admit to having one eye on the future and what feels like an inevitable progression to the football league . ' we 've got an opportunity to use the revenue we generate to invest in our club , ' he says . ' this is not just a ground that has been built for the level we are at . we want promotion this year and we will continue to press our way up the leagues as resources allow . ' so will andy , whose side need a maximum of five points from their remaining three matches to secure the title , be sat in the director 's box when the dream is finally realised and the teams run out ? ' no , ' he says . ' i will be stood on the 18-yard line of the end we are attacking . that 's my preferred spot . ' the club 's badge features a ship , to showcase the city 's canal-building past , explains walsh . the club was formed when manchester united were bought by the american malcolm glazer in 2005 . he , like the club , does things differently . fc fans call it punk football . for andy , however , it is an extension of a longstanding mancunian tradition . ' there 's a spirit in manchester of radicalism and creative thinking , ' he says . ' of challenging the norm and looking at different ways of doing things . everything from electoral reform – the establishment of the suffragette movement to innovation in industry . ' the first ever computer , the first ever public library and the first ever public park . our crest itself speaks of that . the ship is because we built the canal . we brought the sea into the centre of manchester . that 's symbolic . it 's on our city crest , it 's on our club crest . ' unfortunately , andy has to leave to try and push the project over the line . the fc united of manchester team in 2005 , when they played as a nomadic club without a ground . the club 's fans turned their back on the commercialism of old trafford and started a democratic club . time for one last question . sir alex ferguson famously had little time for fc united and having the audacity to mention them at a press conference destroyed the relationship one local reporter enjoyed with the scot . the latest incumbent , however , is a son of amsterdam , where they know all about challenging authority and doing things a little differently . so will louis van gaal find a ticket to a match at broadhurst park on his doormat ? ' that 's a good question , ' andy says . ' we have no plans to invite anybody form manchester united to a game . ' after a long pause he adds : ' we would , however , have no objections if they wanted to attend . ' if they do they will have to join the queue . 