jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is still the right man to lead liverpool forward after a season with no trophies and a likely finish outside the top four . rodgers ' future at anfield has been questioned after a third straight season without a trophy , but the former liverpool defender backed the reds manager . speaking after collecting a beacon award for his community work on merseyside on tuesday , carragher said : ' i do n't think your whole future should be determined by one game . jamie carragher shared this image on instagram after collecting a beacon award on tuesday . ' it was difficult with the players that came in and i still do n't think many of them have bedded in yet . ' liverpool are seven points behind fourth placed manchester city with a game in hand and look set to miss out on champions league qualification for next season . carragher added : ' brendan , the players and the staff will be looking to next season and thinking they will go one step further , winning a trophy maybe and getting back into the top four . ' that 's his job . he has to identify where in the team they need to improve ; the squad is there and they did a lot of that last summer . brendan rodgers is under pressure at liverpool after a third straight season without a trophy . liverpool were knocked out of the fa cup by aston villa in a disappointing semi-final performance . ' the signings have to be right , and if they are it will make a massive difference . if they 're not they 'll be back to where they are this season . ' carragher received a beacon award at a ceremony in london on tuesday night for his community work on merseyside . the 37-year-old , who played 737 games for liverpool , has provided coaching in eight schools in deprived areas of merseyside through his 23 foundation . carragher , pictured at the 26th anniversary of the hillsborough disaster , backed rodgers to stay at anfield . the former liverpool defender added : ' i hope that i can give youngsters a lift and that extra push to realise their goals . liverpool is a place that likes to see its own do well . it is a tight-knit community and growing up i got a lot of help and encouragement from people around me . ' i 'm from an under-privileged area – bootle in liverpool . if i ever got the chance to help that area and the wider community i 've always felt i would . ' there are plenty of philanthropists around the world who do great work and i am one of the many trying to do my little bit that will hopefully help people in my area . ' 