nick clegg has been accused of blaming ' everyone but himself ' after making a series of excuses for the party 's disastrous poll ratings . in an interview , the lib dem leader listed a range of reasons why different groups of former supporters are 'p***** off ' and have deserted the party since 2010 . and he said all those reasons were more important than any policy decisions he made including on tuition fees . scroll down for video . collapse : nick clegg has told the economist there was a range of reasons why different groups left . pictures : the lib dem leader on the campaign trail in north west england on tuesday , april 7 . blame game : but mr clegg has said none of them were to do with his policy making decisions . he was asked in an interview with the economist magazine why lib dem support had ' collapsed ' in the last five years . he blamed protest voters who supported the party but deserted it after it entered coalition because they did n't want to take any ' responsibility ' . he also blamed the fact the lib dems had entered into coalition with one of the major parties . he said going in with tories meant it was ' inevitable ' that support would fall in 'anti-conservative ' parts of britain . and he said public sector workers had left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts . mr clegg said there was ' clearly a section of the support we had in 2010 that was virulently anti-conservative ' . coallition : mr clegg said going in with the tories meant they would lose ' virulently anti-conservative ' voters . cuts : public sector workers had left because their pensions were hit and some faced job cuts , he claimed . he said : ' they 're the ones who still scream and shout blue murder and have done so without pause for breath for half a decade . and they 're loud and they 're noisy and they 're angry . ' and that was a significant chunk of support that basically wanted to be associated with any party that did n't have the remotest sniff of power . ' there just is a constituency out there that wants to be entirely bereft of any responsibility . so they 're clearly also very pissed off . it was ' wholly predictable and totally unsurprising ' that public sector workers were at risk of being ' disenchanted ' . he added that those factors are ' probably more important explanations than tuition fees , or this decision or that decision , although those obviously play a part ' . mr clegg said some areas of country are a lib dem ' desert ' and the party is now running a ' defensive ' campaign focusing on winning where it retains support . ' petulant ' : a tory source has told the daily mail : ' this sums nick clegg . its everyone 's fault but his own ' . he admitted there are ' great parts of the country now where there is just no liberal democrat presence ' citing the north of england and areas where they are fighting against labour . he added : ' we 're not going to waste any time , any effort , any money , any energy on places where we 're not going to win—which , by the way , is the vast majority of the country . ' in 2010 the lib dems won 23 per cent of the vote but national polls in recent months have put them on single digits . a tory source said : ' this sums nick clegg . its everyone 's fault but his own . he is like a petulant child . ' despite his party facing the prospect of losing dozens of seats , mr clegg used the interview to stake a claim for a particular government department his party would like to run if he is back in coalition after may 7 . he said he would call for the lib dems to be given control of education , and criticised the ' fruitless and fruitcakey ' policy ' spasms ' under former education secretary michael gove . 