an ohio middle school is being criticized after it decided to remove the word ' feminist ' from a t-shirt an eighth grade girl wore in her class photo . sophie thomas wore the black shirt in march when she was having her picture taken at clermont northeastern middle school in batavia . when the students got their class photos this week , she saw the word had been removed from her shirt with photoshop . sophie thomas ( center ) wore a shirt with the word ' feminist ' on it for class photo day at her middle school . administrators at clermont northeastern middle school in batavia , ohio , had word removed from her shirt . thomas had worn the shirt to school in the past without any problems , fox19 now reported . school principal kendra young said the word was removed to ' prevent any unintended controversies ' . thomas , an eighth grader at the school , had worn the shirt in the past without having any problems . the school claimed it told thomas the word was going to be removed from her shirt , but she said that is not the case , as does her mother , according to today.com . christine thomas said her daughter only met with school officials after the doctored photo was released . thomas said : ' i was upset . ' i went to the principal 's office and she told me she blacked it out because it 's offensive to some people . ' ralph shell , the superintendent of the clermont northeastern school district , said the situation was ' blown out of proportion ' , buzzfeed news reported . he added : ' we took the photo and she was in the front row with the t-shirt on , and it was just not a flattering picture . ' on april 17 , thomas asked people to post photos using the # ideservefreedomofexpression hashtag . on friday , april 17 , thomas asked people who found the school 's decision distasteful to wear a shirt showing their support for feminism or freedom of expression and post photos with the hashtag # ideservefreedomofexpression . the photos were collected on instagram . she said : ' people around here misconstrue the word [ feminism ] . ' ' like , ' oh , you 're a feminist so you hate men . ' ' i just want to spread equality , and a lot of people here do n't agree with me . '