the world 's youngest dj who is just two years old has a dedicated following of thousands of fans thanks to his ability to work the decks . oratilwe hlongwane , whose dj name is aj , is still learning to put together words but the toddler is already able to select and play music from a laptop and has become a phenomenon in south africa . his capabilities have even earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear his bass-heavy house music . two-year-old oratilwe hlongwane , from johannesburg , south africa , whose dj name is aj , is still learning to put together words but is already able to play music from a laptop , making him a worldwide phenomenon . the youngster , who still wears nappies and does not yet go to school , plays bass-heavy house music on dj decks after teaching himself how to select and play music with an disc jockey app on his father 's ipad . his capabilities have earned him special appearances and sponsorship deals with fans desperate to hear him . his recent performance at a shopping mall in his home of johannesburg gathered a large crowd as he bopped his head to the beat , with large headphones slung around his neck . his mother , refiloe marumo , credits his astounding success on the decks to his father glen hlongwane 's decision to buy an ipad for his then unborn son . mr hlongwane , a gymnastics coach and aspiring dj , had planned to download educational apps to speed up his child 's education but also downloaded a disc jockeying app for himself . when he was just one-year-old , little oratilwe learned how to use the gadget and started fiddling about with his father 's dj app . his parents were blown away when their son , who still wears nappies , repeated what he had learned on the app on actual dj equipment , playing with sound effects and bouncing between songs . a mobile phone recording of him playing music was shared online and the youngster now has nearly 25,000 facebook fans . the youngster 's recent performance at a shopping mall in his home of johannesburg , south africa , gathered a large crowd from fans as he bopped his head to the beat , with large headphones slung around his neck . his parents have insisted that they will not force their son to be a dj when he grows up but said he may want to . the youngster , who still wears nappies and can not yet talk fully , already has nearly 25,000 facebook fans . however , as well as a legion of fans , his newfound fame has also brought criticism , with some people accusing his parents of abuse and profiting from their child 's precocious ability . mr hlongwane said he would not ' exploit his kid ' and said the youngster was n't allowed to play in clubs or at parties due to his age . his parents also insisted that they will not force their son to be a dj when he grows up , but say they believe his affinity for electronic equipment will probably decide his future . mr hlongwane added : ' i can see a future bill gates here . '