a massive , fast-moving wildfire in southern california has forced residents of 300 homes to flee their homes in the middle of the night . the raging blaze , reported shortly after 6pm saturday , was sparked by a cooking stove . the fire along the border of cities norco and corona , 35 miles southeast of downtown los angeles , resulted in hundreds of people to being told to evacuate the are area over the weekend . by midday , sunday , fire officials said they had contained 35 percent of the fire , which had ravaged the area and grown to 1.6 square miles . scroll down for video . engulfed : smoke and flames loom over the prado dam flood control basin behind homes on cheyenne road in corona , california . damage : the fire threatened hundreds of homes near the southern california dam . rescue efforts were helped by cooperative weather combined with hundreds of firefighters who beat back the flames sunday . captain mike mohler of the california department of forestry and fire protection said the fire burned in the prado dam flood control basin , where vegetation has not burned in decades . as a result , the area that is burning has up to 3 feet of ' duff ' — needles , leaves and other combustible plant debris . at the same time , california 's drought means the basin has not held much water recently , mohler said . because the smoke was not blowing away , area residents were urged to stay indoors . but the evacuation orders were lifted just before dawn sunday . calfire captain liz brown confirmed that about 500 firefighters worked on the front lines . they were backed up by two helicopters , though fixed-wing aircraft were not being used . and despite the ferocity of the fire , no property damage or injuries were reported . fire : the brush fire that broke out on saturday evening , april 18 , 2015 is seen here as it burns in the dam prado dam flood control basin north of the city of corona , california . fire officials said some trees caught fire in the forested basin and grew to at least 75 acres . firefighters were hampered by rough terrain in the area .