it is perhaps the most iconic ship of all time , but the closest most people will get to the titanic is a visit to the museum in belfast , or a viewing of the leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet blockbuster . not so for those with endless funds . one company is offering the chance to dive 12,500ft below the surface of the sea to explore the ship at the bottom of the atlantic . the tour takes in sights like the famous grand staircase , the ship 's huge anchors and the marconi room , from which the world 's very first sos was broadcast . the once-in-a-lifetime privilege is being offered by luxury concierge service , bluefish , and does not come cheap , setting you back a whopping £41,000 ( $ 60,000 ) . unique experience : travel to the depths of the atlantic ocean to the wreck of the titanic with concierge service bluefish . haunting : beams of light illuminate the features of the tragic ship , which sank on april 14 , 1912 . a port side forward expansion joint on the boat deck of the bow section of the shipwreck . travellers will learn about the ship in a series of lectures in addition to the dive . the hefty price may seem like a lot but more than 40 people have so far booked the trip to the atlantic ocean depths . director of bluefish , steve sims said : ' we have sent over 40 people down and they have been housewives to technology billionaires , the titanic really does capture the minds of a wide crowd . ' bluefish is known for providing the amazing and rare and the titanic fits both those criteria . ' more people have been into space than set eyes on the titanic . ' guests will stay aboard the akademik keldysh ship at sea and wait for suitable conditions to see the titanic up close . the transport to the ocean floor is a mir i or ii submersible which are capable of reaching ocean depths of 20,000 ft ( 98 per cent of the ocean floor worldwide ) and withstanding intense pressure . the submersible is constructed of nickel steel and can hold one pilot and two passengers , providing a personal encounter of the vessel . the unique dive takes 11 or 12 hours in total and once you reach the ocean floor powerful lights let you see the main features of ship . as well as this divers can spot harrowing personal items such as shoes or bags caught between the metal rust , which serve as a poignant reminder of the tragic human loss . the starboard railing near the bow of the titanic . expeditions take place in a mir i or ii submersible , which is able to withstand the water pressure 12500ft below the surface . the wreck of the titanic is situated around 676 kilometres from newfoundland , almost four kilometres below the surface . not only does the trip offer a truly unique ocean expedition , but it also offers the chance to learn about the majestic vessel in depth . you will take part in a series of lectures and briefings , revealing latest findings about the 269 metre-long liner . there will also be a ceremony commemorating the tragic events and remembering all those who lost their lives on april 14 , 1912 . meals , accommodation and personal video are also included in the somewhat hefty price tag . the rv keldysh and mirs have made over 15 expeditions to the site of the wreck and have made over a hundred dives . the unique dive takes 11 or 12 hours in total and once you reach the ocean floor powerful lights let you see the main features of ship . once-in-a-lifetime opportunity ! more people have been to space than have explored the titanic , and the dives aim to collect data for scientific experiments . the aim of the dives is not just tourism , but also obtaining imagery from the site , data and physical samples from the wreck to further research and be used in ongoing scientific experiments being conducted by worldwide scientists . since deep ocean expeditions began dives to the wreck in 1998 no artefacts have been removed from the site . however it has n't been plain sailing for bluefish trips to see the famous ship . only eight people took the voyage between 2002 and 2006 and after the recession put a strain on luxury spending . ' the recession hit and everything went to pot , ' simms told cnn money . after years of fruitless searching by many organisations the wreck of the rms titanic was found by dr robert ballard in 1986 . since that time multiple dives have been conducted by some of the world’s five deep diving submersibles , representing france , usa and russia . now the service has picked back up and guests can experience the whole package , or opt to have everything apart from the dive to the wreck , for £6,820 ( $ 10,000 ) . the bespoke concierge service offers a range of elaborate services , besides the titanic expedition . whether it is racing half a million dollars mercedes in the mojave desert , a virgin galactic flight into space , or having a james bond experience in monaco with bond girls and being rescued by american navy seals , simms sees no challenge as impossible for the right clients . the luxury does not come cheap , with membership to the club being £3,414 ( $ 5,000 ) per annum before you have forked out for any experience . star-crossed lovers ! many were captivated by the james cameron film , released in 1997 , which saw the affluent rose ( played by kate winslet ) fall in love with poor jack ( leonardo dicaprio ) on the titanic 's fateful voyage .  