a handwritten note delivered to the pilots by a plane passenger thanking them for ' taking her home safely ' has gone viral , just a week after the germanwings tragedy that claimed 150 lives . a screenshot of the letter was shared on twitter , and in a matter of minutes amassed more than 2,000 shares . the heartfelt message was posted by airline pilot jai dillon , who was shown the a4 by a colleague in the industry . a heartfelt letter left by passenger ' bethanie ' to the pilot who ' got her home safely , ' has been shared on twitter . he wrote on twitter : ' a letter given to a colleague from a passenger onboard his aircraft.. providing proof that we 're all in this together , ' alongside the touching note . in it , a passenger known only as ' bethanie ' writes how , in light of the recent alps plane crash , she feels the need to ' reach out ' and ' extend a compassionate hand . ' the woman thanks the pilot and the airline , which is not mentioned , for ' allowing her ' to live her life in spain , while splitting the time with family in england too . there was an outpouring of emotion on twitter after the letter was posted by pilot jai dillon . the terrible scene of the germanwings plane crash in the french alps , where pilot andreas lubitz deliberately crashed the plane . she writes that she hopes the letter can create ' a ripple effect and spread some compassion and understanding , ' among those who have such responsibilities . she signs off by saying : ' you 're making a massive difference and you 're the reason i can smile tonight . ' take care and spread love . ' the photo currently has over 3,700 shares and has been favourited almost 3,000 times . mr dillon did take to twitter to say that he was not able to reveal the airline or flight number due to security reasons . the role of the pilot was praised by many on twitter following the letter being posted . cheshire-based mr dillon said he happy to share the ' positive message , ' according to the evening standard . investigations are continuing in the events of that fateful day last week over the french alps . german prosecutors said andreas lubitz , 27 , who they believe deliberately caused the crash , had therapy for suicidal tendencies some time before getting his pilot 's licence . the sharing of the letter led to thousands of shares and ' favourites ' on twitter . and he was being treated by a psychotherapist , dusseldorf prosecutor 's office spokesman christoph kumpa said . cockpit voice recorder evidence has indicated that lubitz deliberately put the airbus a320 into a descent after locking out the captain . all 150 people on board , including three britons , were killed in the crash last tuesday .  