a writer and victim of date rape has revealed why she is pushing for ' yes means yes ' sex contracts to become mandatory on college campuses across the country . new yorker amanda chatel explained in her essay for your tango that adoption of the ' yes means yes ' law , which defines consent as ' affirmative , conscious , and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity ' from each partner , is just one step in combating society 's prevalent rape culture . ' as a victim of date rape , when it comes to consent i strongly feel there is no grey area , ' she wrote . ' unfortunately , at the time , i was too young and naive to realize that because i never actually said , “ no , ” i was a willing participant . ' inciting change : new yorker amanda chatel explained in an essay that she is a victim of rape who is advocating for ' yes means yes ' laws to be passed in states across the country . the ' yes means yes ' law , which was first passed in california in 2014 , is a spin on the old sexual assault mantra ' no means no ' . the legislation declares that all colleges and universities taking financial aid funding from california must adhere to the standard for consent outlined by the law , which reiterates that a lack of resistance or objection does not imply consent - a concept that amanda struggled with years following her sexual assault . amanda explained for a long time she blamed herself because he ' came on strong ' and she was a ' bit inebriated ' . ' but now , several years later , i know , more than ever , that my consent was not given , and it was rape . end of story , ' she wrote . amanda even noted that she was unable to attach the word ' rape ' to what had happened to her and instead referred the assault as ' sex i didn’t want ' . at the time , she said that like many women , she did n't even consider going to the police after she was raped , a mistake that she noted she will ' never make again ' . according to statistics , an estimated one out of five women will be sexually assaulted during their college careers . no shame : the new yorker wrote that she blamed herself for years after her sexual assault because never actually said ' no ' , even though she was n't a willing participant . 'it’s both disheartening and disgusting that we even need a law that stipulates that a woman must be able to give consent or else it’s rape , ' amanda said of today 's rape culture . in connecticut , state officials are now considering the adoption of a similar ' yes means yes ' bill . and while amanda said the law is ' great in theory ' , she explained that ' we need to change the way people think of rape ' before the law will prove to be effective . ' i believe more than anything is that we need to teach boys and men not to rape , ' she said . ' we need to make them see that women and girls are not their personal playthings , that we were not put on this earth for their pleasure , and if we drink too much at a party , that we sure as hell are n't `` asking for it '' , ' she added . and at least two california lawmakers agree with her . last month , senate president kevin de leon and assemblywoman hannah-beth jackson announced that they were introducing legislation that would call for school districts with mandatory health education requirements for graduation to include sexual violence prevention as a mandatory part of the curriculum , including instruction on the recently approved ' yes means yes ' law . ' if we want to prevent sexual assault , it’s important that we start early , ' ms jackson explained in march . she continued : ' this bill will ensure that discussions about healthy relationships and consent are taking place in high school , with young women and young men , so we can help establish boundaries of acceptable behavior . '