pope francis urged the international community not to ' look the other way ' and act over the killings of christians around the globe , during his easter monday address . speaking to tourists and catholic pilgrims in st peter 's square , the pontiff asked for ' tangible help ' from communities all over the world for christians persecuted because of their faith - but stopped short of suggesting what actions should be taken . the pope , aged 78 , has been increasingly vocal about the fate of christians being targeted by islamic extremists in parts of the middle east , africa and asia . a gust of wind blows as pope francis gives his easter monday address . he urged the international community not to ' look the other way ' as christians across the world face violence and attacks because of their religion . hundreds of catholic pilgrims and tourists stood in st peter 's square in vatican city to listen to the pope speak on easter monday . he urged for ' tangible help ' to christians being persecuted around the globe . the latest address follows his speech on easter sunday , where he said he was praying for the victims of armed conflict , including the students massacred by somali gunmen at a university in kenya . he was also building on his good friday denunciation of what he then called ' complicit silence ' about the targeting of christians . ' they are our martyrs of today , and they are many . we can say that they are more numerous than in the first centuries ' , pope francis said . during his address on monday he praised those who were ' sensitizing public opinion about the persecution of christians in the world ' . pope francis reaches out to bless the crowd gathered below . he said the international community must not stand ' mute ' as christians having their basic human rights taken away because of their faith . the reflection of the vatican , where pope francis gave his speech , can bee seen in this woman 's sunglasses as she films the event . hundreds flocked to the holy see of the catholic church in rome for the address . speaking from the window of the apostolic palace in the vatican , pope francis asked for ' concrete participation and tangible help in defense and protection of our brothers and our sisters , who are persecuted , exiled , slain , beheaded , solely for being christian . ' he added : ' i hope that the international community does n't stand mute and inert before such unacceptable crimes , which constitute a worrisome erosion of the most elementary human rights . i truly hope that the international community does n't look the other way . ' on thursday militant islamist group al-shabab attacked the garissa university , killing 148 people . survivors said the militants spared muslim students but taunted christian and jewish students before killing them . pope francis has used his easter addresses to urge greater protection for christian communities , after christian students were killed in an attack on a kenyan university by militant islamist group al-shabab . in iraq and syria , the advance of islamic state group fighters has forced members of ancient christian communities to flee their homes . statistics from the international society for human rights show christians are the victims of 80 per cent of all acts of religious discrimination in the world today . the archbishop of canterbury justin welby hailed the victims of the kenyan university massacre during his easter sunday sermon , adding that christians must resist without violence the persecution they suffer . this is pope francis ' third easter since he was elected in 2011 as the head of the catholic church , which has 1.2 billion members worldwide .