ronald koeman called for southampton 's players to show maturity , nous and respect after victor wanyama 's future came under question . this weekend brings with it arguably saints ' biggest match of the season , with the visit of tottenham likely to be key in the fight for european qualification . mauricio pochettino 's first return to st mary 's adds extra spice to a match , ahead of which his successor felt the need to hold a team meeting to refocus his players ' minds . ronald koeman says his southampton players must remain focused on european qualification . koeman spoke to victor wanyama and his other players to refocus them on the last five league games . wanyama 's claims that arsenal were interested in his services were the catalyst and , while defending the 23-year-old by saying the story was 'bull**** ' , koeman called for his players to show more common sense . ' you know always in the last part of the season there are rumours talking about interest in players , ' the saints boss said . ' i do n't like to say every time it 's true or it 's not true . ' it 's important that everybody knows his position in the club . they have contracts - you ca n't talk about moving because you have a contract . that 's not respectful to the club . ' we spoke about that , that we need that focus . if we do n't have really that focus , we ca n't bring the level what we normally bring this season . ' such speculation about the likes of wanyama , nathaniel clyne and morgan schneidelin brings back memories of last summer 's talent drain from st mary 's . wanyama 's future came under question after an interview where he seemed to hint at a move to arsenal . koeman has repeatedly insisted a similar situation will not arise this time around , although he is wise enough to know the south-coast club 's place in the food chain . ' on one side it 's normal because , okay , we are southampton , ' koeman said . ' we are not man united , because they are always talking about new players , and normally in teams like southampton , a little bit more down , they are talking about interest in players of southampton . ' we know that , but it 's up to the press . they can write and they can say what they want , but no problem . ' we have to keep that spirit together and that was my message to the players . ' we ca n't do anything about that . you have to look out if they ask you that kind of questions . that 's your job . there has also been speculation about the futures of morgan schneiderlin ( left ) and nathaniel clyne . southampton come up against former boss mauricio pochettino on saturday in the race for the europa league . ' you 're not a young kid . you have to respond , and if you respond you have to know what you respond . ' koeman says he will not be enforcing a media ban to keep his players out of trouble - something he accepts is more difficult now given the power held by agents . the former holland international also understands the ambitions his players may well harbour , admitting he spoke out of turn a few times when he was younger . ' of course , when i played in holland , okay , i was looking to play in a bigger team - that 's normal , ' koeman said . ' if you are not really in the highest level and you get opportunities to play in a higher level , okay , you like it , of course . everybody likes the best . ' everybody likes to play champions league football - that 's normal . i 'm not surprised about that . ' 