manchester united are to introduce the living wage at old trafford in july . at a recent premier league meeting clubs agreed to adopt the policy , which sees in-house staff paid £7.85 an hour ( or £9.15 an hour should they be based in london ) , from the 2016-17 season . but united officials have decided to implement the salary a year early . staff at old trafford will be paid at least £7.85 an hour after man united decided to introduce living wage . a spokesman said : ' during last month 's premier league shareholders ' meeting , the clubs agreed to adopt the living wage for all full-time employees by the start of the 2016-17 season . ' manchester united is fully supportive of this initiative and will be implementing this policy from july 1 2015 , a year earlier than agreed . ' a group of united and city supporters had planned to demonstrate about the issue at sunday 's manchester derby . chelsea became the first professional club in england to pay a living wage to all their staff while supporter-owned fc united of manchester were the first club in britain . all premier league clubs have agreed to pay the living wage from the start of the 2016-17 season . city are also committed to paying their full-time staff the living wage . ' since may 2013 manchester city football club has paid the living wage to all directly employed staff , ' a spokesperson said . ' the club also has a robust sustainable procurement policy for capital works that includes a requirement that suppliers already pay the living wage or are working towards it , and whether suppliers pay the living wage is part of the selection process for all new contracts . ' city engages employment and procurement practices that are robust and socially aware . these take into account of the need for affordable living , best care in welfare , training and skills development , and local opportunity including apprenticeships and new skills programmes . ' there is a huge amount being undertaken to ensure there is a positive impact of any club investment for local people and the local economy overall , with sustainable outputs and outcomes . ' 