celebrities would n't be anywhere without their fans , but for some unlucky stars adoration can tip over into something far more sinister . californian joshua corbett faces charges of stalking and burglary this week after allegedly breaking into actress sandra bullock 's home last summer . terrified sandra , 50 , who was in her property at the time , was forced to make a desperate call to the police having locked herself in a cupboard . scroll down for video . sandra bullock was horrified when she discovered that joshua corbett had broken into her house last summer . in the disturbing voice clip released bytmz - which was played to the court as corbett stands trail - the audibly panicked oscar winner is heard telling the police that she is hiding in her closet . she is heard saying : ' i 'm in my closet . i have a safe door . i 'm locked in the closet right now . ' corbett has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him . corbett broke into the house on 8 june last year brandishing a love letter for the actress . in the clip sandra can be heard saying that she had seen him making his way up to her attic . the judge read out a section of the note which corbett had been carrying in a black notepad which said : ' you are so hot and intelligent and lithesome and taut . ' corbett , who was found in sandra 's home clutching a love letter for the actress , has pleaded not guilty to the charges bought against him . corbett 's defense lawyer paul takakijan said : ' the love letter that corbett carried with him professed nothing but love and admiration . ' there is nothing in there about harming her . the people are trying to make more of the case than there is . ' corbett also is charged with having an arsenal of illegal weapons , including assault weapons , tracer ammunition and machine guns , that were found when authorities searched his home in montrose , california . corbett was not armed when he was arrested at bullock 's residence , police have said . unfortunately sandra is not the first person to experience a celebrity stalker . a-listers such as madonna , kim kardashian and justin bieber have also been plagued by the experience . here femail lists some of the worst offenders ... kim was stalked by a man named dennis shaun bowman who would show up to events with a jokers mask painted on his face . kim kardashian : dennis shaun bowman . in 2010 kim took out a restraining order on dennis shaun bowman a stalker who claimed that the pair were in love . kim wrote in court papers at the time : ' i am extremely frightened by mr bowman because he appears to be obsessed with me and is extremely delusional . ' kim took out a restraining order on dennis shaun bowman who would use twitter to find out which events kim would be attending . creepy bowman came to kim 's attention after he started showing up at events or public appearances , often with the joker mask painted onto his face . it is thought that dennis would discover kim 's whereabouts through her twitter page and even though he was often asked to leave he was never put off . kim was also said to be disturbed by ranting messages that bowman would post on twitter . he reportedly contacted kim 's then boyfriend miles austin and her sister khloe on the social networking site . madonna 's stalker was shot after he scaled the fence of her property , he is now in a mental health institution . madonna : robert dewey hoskins . madonna 's stalker has to be one of the most terrifying of all time . robert dewey hoskins was a ' psychotic ' stalker who scaled the walls of her house and threatened to slit her throat . he was sentenced to 10 years in prison in 1996 after he climbed the fence of madonna 's home and was shot twice by her personal security . after breaking into her house on several occasions robert handed madonna 's staff a note which said he wanted to slit her throat . he had invaded madonna 's property on several occasions even giving her staff a note containing his threats . robert , who was said to have ' violent tendencies ' also stalked actress halle berry . in 2012 he escaped the mental health institution he had been committed to after his release from prison but was found and returning to the institution . justin bieber was the subject of a murder plot by two convicted criminals until one of them turned himself in . justin bieber : dana martin . justin 's terrifying stalker dana martin was already a convicted rapist and killer when he decided to target the pop star . along with his fellow inmate at the las cruces state prison in new mexico , mark staake , he plotted to kill justin , enlisting the help of staake 's nephew to carry out the plot . dana martin - who was already a convicted rapist and murderer - planned to kill justin bieber but he turned himself in before going through with the plan . the plan was that he would travel to new york to murder justin but dana turned himself in before they went through with it . it is thought the inmate was fanatically obsessed with the young singer and even had a tattoo of him on his leg . nicole kidman 's stalker matthew hooker claimed that she had previously flirted with him , and he then called her house repeatedly asking her to go to the ballet with him . nicole kidman : matthew hooker . in 2001 nicole kidman won a stalking case against matthew hooker who claimed that the actress had flirted with him when they met . he was said to have ' seriously annoyed ' nicole after sending her a love poem and repeatedly calling her house to invite her to the ballet . nicole said she was ' fearful for her safety and security . ' hooker said the whole thing had been very damaging to him as he had planned to run for us president . catherine zeta jones was stalked by a woman who claimed that she was having an affair with her husband michael douglas . catherine zeta jones : dawnette knight . catherine zeta jones found herself being stalked by a woman named dawnette knight between 2003 and 2004 . dawnette was obsessed with catherine 's husband michael douglas and was convinced that they were having an affair . dawnette knight sent catherine a letter saying she wanted to cut her up and feed her to her dogs . knight would send catherine vile letters telling her that she planned to cut her up and feed her to her dogs . she was eventually jailed , pleading no contest to the charges of stalking levied against her and was sentenced to three years in prison . uma thurman 's stalker jack jordan trailed the actress for three years but was jailed in 2008 after he sent her cards with sexually suggestive messages in them . uma thurman : jack jordan . uma thurman 's stalker jack jordan trailed the actress for three years before he was eventually jailed in 2008 . jack tried to woo uma by sending her cards and drawings with sexually suggestive messages - he also sent her a picture of an open grave with a man standing over it with a razor blade in his hand . jordan was eventually released but was jailed again in 2010 for violating his probation and again in 2011 for refusing to take his anti-psychotic drugs . gwyneth 's stalker david michael soiu would send the actress five letters a day as well as boxes of pornography . gwyneth paltrow : david michael soiu . gwyneth 's stalker david michael soiu struck in 2000 and would send the actress up to five letters a day as well as boxes of pornography . one of his most terrifying moves was showing up at her parents ' house , reportedly claiming that he wanted to take ' god 's scalpel ' and ' cut the sin ' out of gwyneth . he also sent gwyneth a vibrator with the words ' because i love you ' written on it . he was eventually hospitalised after being declared legally insane . justin timberlake 's stalker karen mcneil would turn up at his house and saying that she knew the singer and that they were destined to rule the world together . justin timberlake : karen mcneil . in 2009 justin timberlake won a restraining order against a woman named karen mcneil after he reported that that her 'ever-increasing aggressive and harassing conduct ' was causing him to fear for his personal safety . karen had turned up at the singer 's home on a number of occasions , trespassed on his property and claimed to be a friend of the singer . justin told the court at the time : ' i do not personally know , nor have any relationship with a karen mcneil , nor do i desire any interaction with her whatsoever . ' i have never invited her to my property , nor has she ever been given permission to enter my property or home . ' mcneil had once showed up at justin 's house with bags full of belongings claiming that the pair would rule the world together .