meet the woman who 's given elizabeth taylor a run for her money when it comes to walking down the aisle . 39-year-old lianna barrientos married ten men in eleven years - and married six of them in one year alone , it 's been revealed . barrientos , however , was nabbed by authorities after saying her 2010 marriage - the tenth time she tied the knot - was actually her first , the new york post reported . according to reports , all of barrientos ' marriages took place in new york state . bride : liana barrientos , pictured , has been married ten times . her first marriage took place in 1999 , with most recent being in 2010 . barrientos ' marriage took place in 1999 to mohamed gerbril . the bride and her grooms : this map shows barrientos ' marriages from 1999 to 2010 . barrientos ' first marriage took place in 1999 to mohamed gerbril , followed by a 2001 marriage to ahmed allam , then a second 2001 marriage to habibur rahman , the post reported . according to the newspaper , barrientos married six men in 2002 - namely davit koridze , duran goktepe , aliaksandr paharelau , vakhtang dzneladze , rashid rajput , and kakhaber khorbaladze - and her last marriage was in 2010 to salle keita . authorities reportedly slapped her with offering a false instrument for filing felony charges in november 2014 . quoting court documents , the new york daily news said ' [ barrientos ] ... stated in sum and substance that she did marry mr. keita and that was her first and only marriage . ' the newspaper reported that barrientos could be sentenced to a total of eight years stemming from her two charges . barrientos has been arrested multiple times , including for loitering , drug possession , and jumping a turnstile and trespassing , according to the daily news . wedding bells ? barrientos ' facebook says she became engaged in july 2013 . mystery : the department of homeland security was ' involved ' in barrientos ' case , the bronx district attorney 's office told the new york times . according to the new york times , ' [ barrientos ] has divorced at least four times , from husbands nos . 1 , 2 , 5 and 7 , but long after marrying husbands 3 through 9 . ' the times reported that for her first three 2002 marriages , barrientos wed koridze on valentine 's day , before she went on to marry goktepe approximately two weeks later , then soon tied the knot with paharelau . the department of homeland security was ' involved ' in barrientos ' case , the bronx district attorney 's office revealed to the times . barrientos ' facebook profile says she hails from the dominican republic and lives in manhattan . it also says she became engaged in july 2013 . a bronx building superintendent , ruben george , told the new york post ' she was arrested ... and [ her baby daddy carlos garcia ] does n't want her back . ' they have a kid together . she has one with him and one with somebody else . ' george also told the newspaper garcia booted barrientos out of his apartment . according to the post , barrientos and garcia are parents to a baby girl . barrientos did not immediately respond to a request for comment from daily mail online .