jose mourinho hailed his ‘phenomenal’ side after john terry’s scrappy goal put chelsea on the brink of the premier league title . but the chelsea manager was forced to give his players a half-time rollicking after falling behind to relegation-threatened leicester . victory at home to crystal palace on sunday will now hand chelsea their first league crown since 2010 . john terry ( right ) flicks home from close range after a scramble in the leicester box following a corner . terry turns and celebrates after making it 2-1 to chelsea with a close-range finish against leicester city . ‘ it is phenomenal what my team are doing , ’ said mourinho . ‘ being top of the league since day one is not easy ; i think we are what every team would like to be . ‘ stamford bridge is ready to celebrate but if i can ask something from them it is to not celebrate . we all want to win on sunday but it will be a difficult game . stamford bridge must be ready to push us . ‘ the april month , where everybody expected chelsea to drop points playing difficult matches against teams fighting not to be relegated as well as arsenal and man united , was exactly the month where we destroy opponents . ‘ it was a month without diego ( costa ) , without ( loic ) remy , with didier ( drogba ) and oscar playing striker , no other solutions , just this small group of players we have . we were tactically phenomenal , team spirit , team ethic , the way we defended , the way we were clinical with our goals , the stability we showed in every game . ‘ in this moment we are 13 points ahead of second . we won every game except the draw against arsenal . the boys , when the pressure was on , were even stronger . ‘ the old and the young . petr cech , great performance , john , didier , branislav ( ivanovic ) , but other giants on the pitch , ( nemanja ) matic , ( cesc ) fabregas , ramires . a great team . so i 'm so , so happy . i just need three more points to celebrate . ’ ramires ( right ) struck his effort with such power that he had both feet off the ground at one point . jose mourinho watches on with muddy shoes just as his side scored against leicester city . jose mourinho must feel like he is walking on water as his chelsea side edged another step closer to the title . leicester , on a run of four successive wins , led at the break through marc albrighton’s goal . but didier drogba equalised , terry put chelsea ahead , and ramires added a late screamer . ‘ if i tell you what i said it will be ' peep peep peep ' . too many peeps ! ’ laughed mourinho . terry added : ‘ they were a tough side and they kept fighting . we got a telling off at half-time and we came out and played excellently in the second half . it was n't good enough in the first half but listen , we got the three points . drogba looks on as his effort from inside the box drifts in to the far corner past goalkeeper schmeichel . ‘ we 've been the best side all season . we deserve a lot of respect , we 've been very good all year . let 's hope we win it on sunday . we are almost there . ’ drogba said : ‘ we do n't get enough credit . we are top of the league , we have the most points and people find us boring because we 've been top since day one . ’ leicester lost andy king and robert huth to injury in the first 25 minutes and manager nigel pearson rued the double loss , while praising chelsea 's champion qualities . ‘ it was difficult tonight because we 've had to make substitutions which in normal circumstances we would n't have done - but that 's life , ’ he said . drogba ( right ) wheels away in celebration as his team-mates eden hazard and willian congratulate him . ‘ i do n't think our players deserved being on the end of a 3-1 defeat because it was a tighter game than that . `` i 've heard criticisms of chelsea in recent weeks and i find it very bemusing . the best sides are able to win games in different ways and they 've illustrated that tonight . ‘ i think they 're a really good side and have some great players . i 'm not oblivious to the views that were spouted at the weekend in terms of style of football but i 'm a big believer in winning games and that 's it . ‘ chelsea are worthy champions . ’ drogba ( centre ) was the star of the show for chelsea - and he was leading his team-mates in celebrations . 