daniel sturridge faces a fight to be fit for liverpool 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday after being left out of their game against newcastle united with an injury problem . liverpool striker sturridge was left out of the squad entirely for monday night 's barclays premier league clash at anfield after picking up a knock against blackburn rovers last week . and now manager brendan rodgers has admitted that his star striker , who has missed much of the season through injury , will have his fitness monitored ahead of the wembley clash on sunday . daniel sturridge faces a fight to be fit for liverpool 's fa cup semi-final against aston villa on sunday . liverpool striker sturridge was left out of the squad entirely on monday after being taken off at blackburn . when asked about why sturridge was absent from his squad , rodgers said : ' he got injured at blackburn . ' ( he is ) obviously unavailable fitness-wise for tonight , so we 'll see how he goes for the rest of the week for the semi-final at the weekend . ' the cup provides liverpool 's last hope of silverware in steven gerrard 's final season at anfield , and the reds captain could return at wembley after seeing out the last game of his suspension against newcastle . manager brendan rodgers said that his star striker would be monitored ahead of the semi-final at wembley . steven gerrard could return at wembley after seeing out the last game of his suspension against newcastle . liverpool are already without mamadou sakho , adam lallana and mario balotelli through injury and illness but retain hopes of a top four spot in the premier league with manchester city having suffered a recent slump . sunday 's 4-2 defeat for city by manchester united put liverpool in a position to move within four points of the fourth-placed side , and rodgers said his side can still make it into next season 's champions league . 'there’s still 21 points to work hard for and get , ' he said on sky sports . 'it’s clear that it’s still open but there’s a lot of work to do and ahead of us , obviously , is a difficult game tonight . ' marouane fellaini scored as manchester city were crushed 4-2 on sunday , and now liverpool can close in .