ufc women 's champion ronda rousey reinforced her support for manny pacquiao in his may 2 megafight with floyd mayweather as she paid a visit to the filipino 's los angeles training camp . rousey , the undefeated ufc bantamweight title holder , has made it clear she is in underdog pacquiao 's camp in the the lead up to the fight . ' truly honored to meet such a humble and genuine person . thank you @ mannypacquiao for welcoming us into your home , ' rousey posted on twitter . ronda rousey said she was ' truly honoured to meet such a humble and genuine person ' in manny pacquiao . pacquiao posted this image with rousey on his twitter page after a visit in los angeles . and it 's appreciated by the pacman , who posted an image of the pair expressing his gratitude to the fast and furious 7 star on his twitter page . ' thank you for visiting me @ rondarousey and for your support . god bless ! ' he wrote . back in february rousey , 28 , who has signed a multi-fight deal with the ufc but is also keen to get in the boxing ring , told tmz sports why she was in camp pacquiao for the richest fight in history . pacquiao is preparing for his may 2 megafight against floyd mayweather in las vegas . rousey , the ufc women 's bantamweight champion , recently starred in the film fast and furious 7 . ' pacquiao 's been very , very nice me , so i 'm going to root for him , ' rousey said . she follows a host of other celebrities to back pacquiao , including the fighter star mark wahlberg , nfl quarterback tim teebow , basketball legend robert jaworski and actor robert duvall who have met with the boxer at his camp . but none of them have the distinction , as rousey does , of being the only person promised a free ticket to pacquiao-mayweather at the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas . pacquiao and his trainer freddie roach laugh at a speedball with mayweather 's face on it , which was given as a gift by lawyer robert shapiro . pacquiao is put through his paces at wild card boxing ahead of the richest fight in history . promoter bob arum was taken by rousey 's comments that she would spend her combined career fight winnings to get a seat as close to the ring as possible for the fight . arum said he was a huge fan of rousey 's and said he wanted to show his support by offering her a prized seat . rousey is by far the biggest draw in women 's ufc and her star has risen further of late with a spectacular fight scene with michelle rodriguez in the latest fast and furious film and a cameo as herself in the entourage movie . it 's no distraction from her day job though as rousey continues to dominate her division . her 11th win came as the headline act in ufc184 on february 28 with a record-breaking 14 second arm-bar finish on cat zingano , who was previously unbeaten to that point . mayweather has plenty of celebrity friends of his own with pop singer justin bieber regularly walking with him . pacquiao himself has been showing his versatility by recording and releasing his own walkout music for his bout with mayweather , which was released this week . the born-again christian also spoke on sunday at the non-denominational shepherd church westside in los angeles about his rocky past and how he 's a changed man . ' there was a problem in our family because the fame goes to my head , ' pacquiao admitted to . pastor dudley rutherford . ' i know how to gamble , i know how to drink , a lot of girls , womanizing , like that . you know i accept that because that 's the old manny pacquiao . '