barcelona forward pedro 's decision to consider his camp nou future at the end of the season could see him end up at anfield if liverpool sell raheem sterling . the 27-year-old world cup winner would command £90,000-a-week wages – £10,000 less than liverpool have offered their 20-year-old winger . pedro would also cost considerably less than sterling – understood to be available for £50million - would sell for . barcelona forward pedro could join liverpool this summer if raheem sterling leaves anfield . sterling , pictured in action against arsenal , has rejected a new £100,000-a-week deal with liverpool . pedro , pictured celebrating a goal against elche , would command wages of £90,000-a-week . if that price does not deter manchester city , chelsea , arsenal or real madrid then pedro , who has been looked at before by brendan rodgers , would become a realistic target for liverpool . the two-times champions league winner is set to start for barcelona on wednesday night against almeria but only so that neymar or luis suarez can be rested ahead of a vital away trip to sevilla at the weekend . pedro is believed to be tired of being the fourth man in barcelona 's all-star three-man attack and inter milan and bayern munich have also shown an interest in him . joining his former manager pep guardiola at bayern would leave pedro with the same difficulty when it came to getting into the first team that he encounters at barcelona , while inter would not be able to match liverpool in terms of wages . sterling has attracted interest from arsenal , chelsea , manchester city , real madrid and bayern munich . pedro has spent much of the season on the bench with lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez starting games . liverpool boss brendan rodgers has scouted pedro and could make a move for the spain international . rodgers admitted at the weekend that finishing outside the champions league creates a problem when trying to sign top players but a regular starting place in liverpool 's xi could be just as important for pedro . barcelona can not sign players until january 2016 but that will not stop them selling this summer if the price is right . alex song will also be allowed to leave the club . two men the catalans want to keep are xavi hernandez and dani alves . xavi looks set to move to qatar where he was pictured recently meeting representatives of al saad and touring the aspire academy . he does however want to delay a formal announcement until the end of the season . alves has offers from several big european clubs but has not ruled out staying at barcelona if they improve on the one-year contract extension they have so far offered him . dani alves has been offered a new one-year contract at barcelona but he is hoping for a longer deal . 