taronga zoo 's elephants had a special treat for breakfast on friday – a record sized 728kg pumpkin . the prodigious pumpkins displayed at this year 's show were cleverly recycled by being served to the asian elephants at the popular sydney zoo . the prize-winning pumpkins - including a 728kg monster that was the biggest pumpkin to ever grace a sydney royal easter show - were presented to the elephants on friday morning . baby elephant tukta feeds on a giant pumpkin from the sydney royal easter show on friday morning . taronga 's asian elephant herd , including 3300kg pak boon and calves pathi harn and tukta , were quick to swoop on the record-breaking pumpkin . ' we 're always looking for new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate our extraordinary animals . the adult elephants were no strangers to pumpkins , but keepers were keen to see what they would make of the supersized variety . ' elephants have many remarkable skills and environmental enrichment is a great way to encourage these skills and arouse their natural curiosity , ' said elephant keeper , steve westnedge . the novelty sized pumpkins displayed at this year 's show were served to the asian elephants at the popular sydney zoo . keepers introduce new foods and enrichment items to challenge and stimulate the extraudinary animals . taronga 's elephants are served a medley of different food items , particularly relishing fibrous palm logs and tough pineapple plant tops . they can eat between 60kg and 100kg in one day . ' when we saw the giant pumpkin in the news , we thought it was a fun opportunity to bring a taste of the easter show to taronga and offer a nutritious and challenging treat to the zoo 's largest animals , ' said steve . the 728 monster , the work of grower dale oliver , was the largest pumpkin ever seen in australasia . the record-holder had enjoyed pride of place at the great backyard pumpkin challenge in the flower and garden pavilion at the show , among 50,000 other pieces of fruit and vegetables . the pumpkins would normally be recycled as green waste after the show , but organisers were happy to see them served to some mammoth diners instead . this year grower dale oliver produced the largest pumpkin ever seen in australasia . taronga 's elephants are served a medley of different food items , particularly relishing fibrous palm logs and tough pineapple plant tops .