police are investigating the theft of about $ 70,000 worth of bull semen from a farm in southern minnesota . mower county sheriff terese amazi said farmer daniel weness , of leroy , reported on tuesday that a storage canister with vials of bull semen was taken from his unlocked barn . the canister was worth about $ 500 , and the vials of semen were worth from $ 300 to $ 1,500 apiece . scroll down for video . about $ 70,000 worth of bull semen was stolen from a farm in southern minnesota sometime between april 1 and april 7 . the semen , stolen from daniel weness 's farm ( pictured ) was taken from an unlocked barn . a $ 500 canister held vials of semen worth between $ 300 and $ 1,500 each . the theft happened sometime between april 1 and 7 . the man said the only time he and his hired hand were away from the farm was on easter sunday , according to the austin daily herald . police have no suspects . chief deputy mark may said that there is a market for bull semen because it helps farmers on transportation costs of putting a bull and a cow in the same pen to breed . ' a lot of people purchase bid on it or purchase it instead of transporting their animals to and from a site , ' he said . ' they can just purchase a vial of bull semen and inseminate their cow and i guess it 's just more reliable that way . ' mark may , chief deputy of the mower county sheriff 's office said that there is a market for bull semen because it helps farmers reduce transportation costs of animals . frozen semen can live for many years , often outliving the bull it originally came from , according to the washington post . ' a lot of farmers these days use artificial insemination to increase genetic diversity within their herds , ' linnay yarger , an agriculture teacher at austin high school told kaal . ' the range in value depends on the bull it comes from , ' she added . ' some genetic qualities are more highly sought after than others , so the higher priced semen is coming from maybe an award winning bull or a quality that is sought after . ' welness said he has about 80 animals on his farm .