forget chicken fingers and fries — neil patrick harris and david burtka 's twins prefer much more foodie-approved fare than the average four-year-old . in a recent interview , david , 39 , explained how being a personal chef and graduate of the famed le cordon bleu cooking school has helped him to influence his children 's culinary tastes . ' i cook for them a ton ! ' he told the new potato . ' my kids are crazy eaters . they have incredible palates . ' scroll down for video . say cheese : neil patrick harris and david burtka 's adorable twins love food and have unusually refined palates for four-year-olds , including a love for seafood and spices . shared duties : chef david does most of the cooking in the harris-burtka house , but neil serves as bartender for company and helps david create the perfect presentation . while david said he most often serves grilled fish , ceviche , and quesadillas , he noted that his children each have their own personal favorites as well . son gideon eats everything that is put in front of him , said david , but favors clams , sushi , octopus , grilled pork , steak , parmesan cheese , coconut , and spices like ginger , mint , and cinnamon . daughter harper , meanwhile , prefers ' very strong and briny flavors ' including oysters , sardines , prosciutto , capers , duck liver , miso , and — not so unusually — chocolate . foodie feast : neil commented on this instagram picture that his kids were ' devouring oysters at eataly ' in new york city ; the seafood pick is one of daughter harper 's favorite foods . impressive tastes : though the twins eat regular ' kid food ' like popcorn , shown here , they also love a lot of dishes that most children their age would n't touch , like ceviche and sardines . though david said that he and husband neil , 41 , do n't usually cook as a couple , with david himself taking the reins in the kitchen , neil does serve as ' more of the bartender ' when they have company at their new york home . the how i met your mother star serves cocktails and pairs wine with david 's food , but is also ' a great sous chef ' who david can rely on to plate food and ice cupcakes . it 's natural that david emerged as the parent who prepares most of the meals in the family ; besides being an established actor , he also trained under star chef mario batali and runs a catering company called gourmet m.d. , which boasts a long list of celebrity clients including christina hendricks , john hamm , zackary quinto , and jesse tyler ferguson . couture kids : harper and gideon know how to dress up — and strike a pose to show off their fabulous outfits . designer darlings : in the caption for this instagram photo , neil says his kids are ' giving model poses ' . perfect pose : gideon smiles big while papa neil says harper is ' a girl , girl , girl ' who likes to be announced like a debutante when she comes down the stairs . cuisine is n't the only thing for which gideon and harper have discerning tastes , either — though the pair only turned four in october , they 've already developed and eye for fashion . dubbing them 'fashionis-tots , ' neil explained on inside the actors studio that harper in particular has a flair for dressing up : ' harper is a girl , girl , girl . she wears mermaid outfits and has falls in her hair and you have to announce her when she comes down the staircase . ' both of the twins seem happy to get decked out for their dads , as neil regularly posts photos of the adorable duo in impeccably-styled outfits on his instagram account .