unbeaten floyd mayweather faces more pressure than manny pacquiao when the pair meet in las vegas on may 2 but he will still be victorious , says joe calzaghe . it is being billed as the fight of the century , and is worth at least $ 180million and $ 120m to mayweather and pacquiao respectively , but former undefeated world super-middleweight and light-heavyweight boxing champion calzaghe is confident he can predict the outcome . ' there will be a lot more pressure on mayweather than there will be on pacquiao , ' he told bbc sport . ' pacquiao has been beaten so he 'll be more relaxed than mayweather . the `` zero '' is a massive burden . floyd mayweather works out with his uncle roger at the mayweather boxing club ahead of the fight . mayweather holds an impressive undefeated professional boxing record going into the fight on may 2 . mayweather faces manny pacquiao in a bout in las vegas that has been billed ' the fight of the century ' . ' i do n't think mayweather was that impressive in his last two defences against marcos maidana . he made hard work of those fights . but you ca n't overlook a guy that 's never lost . mayweather is a fantastic fighter who always finds a way to win so he will be ready for this fight . ' mayweather has an impressive record , winning all of his previous 47 professional career fights , 26 by knockout . his opponent pacquiao goes into the bout having lost five times in his career , with 57 wins and two draws overall , but welshman calzaghe warns mayweather can not underestimate his challenger . the welshman , who is now 43 , retired with an undefeated record of 46 wins and zero defeats . ' pacquiao can fight and there 's always one great fight left in somebody , ' calzaghe added . ' but i think the win will go to mayweather . ' tickets for the much-anticipated fight finally go on sale on thursday night after months of speculation , and are expected to fetch between $ 1,500 ( £1,000 ) and $ 7,500 ( £5,000 ) apiece . calzaghe takes part in a training session alongside his coach and friend freddie roach in los angeles . pacquaio is watched by a crowd as he trains in los angeles , but joe calzaghe has backed his opponent . calzaghe , who himself retired undefeated , believes mayweather will overcome the challenge of pacquiao .