arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny admits he feels sorry for adam federici , insisting the reading stopper was ' the best player on the pitch ' despite his costly error in saturday 's fa cup semi-final . federici allowed alexis sanchez 's driven shot to slip through his body in extra-time as arsenal ran out 2-1 winners at wembley to reach their second consecutive final , having beaten hull to lift the trophy last year . the mistake overshadowed a number of strong saves federici had made to keep his side in the game and szczesny had only kind words for his opposite number . wojciech szczesny ( left ) says he feels sorry for adam federici after his mistake in the fa cup semi-final . ' he can be very proud . it only went to extra-time because the goalkeeper was magnificent , ' szczesny told arsenal 's official website . ' we 're very happy to go through but personally i do feel for the goalkeeper . ' it 's a difficult moment for him . he was the best player on the pitch and in his dreams last night he was probably hoping he would get them through to the final . ' he did everything to do so but got very unlucky in extra-time . the australian let an alexis sanchez effort slip through his hands and sneak over the line in extra-time . ' it was a really good performance from him and he 's shown what a good keeper he is . ' arsenal looked like they might enjoy a comfortable afternoon when sanchez opened the scoring in the first half , but garath mccleary 's equaliser galvanised the championship outfit . ' you know what to expect when you play championship sides , ' szczesny said . federici was inconsolable at the final whistle despite his team-mates and staff trying to help . ' they 're very solid defensively , they 're not scared to put their foot or head in and they defend very well . ' today they did that with a great performance by their goalkeeper . it was a difficult game but we just got over the line . ' arsenal are now just one win away from defending the crown they secured last year , with either liverpool or aston villa lying in wait in the final . szczesny was also at fault for the reading goal when he let gareth mccleary 's shot find a way into the net . victory would also see the gunners become the most successful fa cup team of all time as they currently sit level on 11 titles with manchester united . ' we want to win for the fans , ' arsenal midfielder santi cazorla added . ' it 's always special to play at wembley and we have a good opportunity to get the title . ' now we have to wait for the other team - liverpool or aston villa . '