crucible thoroughbreds john higgins and graeme dott led the scottish charge on sunday at the betfred world championship . four-time winner higgins impressed with a 10-5 first-round victory over robert milkins , and looked to be approaching the form that last saw him take the title four years ago . the 39-year-old fired breaks of 77 , 75 , 69 and a clinching 106 in the second session as he coasted home against gloucester potter milkins , who took the match beyond its evening interval but was thoroughly outplayed . john higgins plays a shot during his match against robert milkins during the betfred world championships . milkins said of his conqueror : ' it 's going to take a good man to beat him on that form . ' he 's playing really good stuff . i think i did well to get five frames . ' dott , unseeded this year but a proven crucible class act and champion in 2006 , was a 10-8 winner earlier as he ousted ricky walden . higgins has sprung back to competitive form level this year , notably in taking the welsh open title in february to end a two-and-a-half-year major trophy drought . he had openly expressed fears his days as a winner were over , but higgins is daring to dream of a fifth world title . he said : ' i 'm feeling relief and pride to beat robert because he 's a dangerous player . i knew i 'd lost my last four matches to him . ' i thought i hit the ball well . i missed a few but i felt good in amongst them . ' asked directly whether he was a potential champion , higgins initially said : ' nah . there 's more and more contenders out there . i probably know what it takes to win it but there 's more favoured players than me . ' but the desire is there , and unmistakably he does have one eye on the trophy . higgins added : ' it would be amazing if i could win it and go level with somebody like ronnie o'sullivan on five titles . that would be beyond my wildest dreams . the fire is still there . ' i 've had a few sleepless nights thinking i 'd never get back into the winners ' circle . luckily it happened at the welsh open and that 's given me a bit of a boost . ' you doubt yourself definitely , especially in dark times , but now hopefully there 's some good times . ' just to win this again would be incredible . ronnie has probably outstripped me , winning more tournaments and making more century breaks , and he 's obviously chasing stephen hendry 's records . ' but there 's perhaps hendry , ronnie and ( steve ) davis before me winning most . if it 's just those three ahead of me i ca n't complain . it 's not a bad three to have in front of you . ' graeme dott plays a shot during his match against ricky walden during the betfred world championships . 