will hatton has n't been able to keep his feet firmly in one place since the age of 18 . the 26-year-old british backpacker has only once tried to conform to a regular nine-to-five desk job at a travel agency - an endeavour that failed within six months . instead , mr hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker , recording his adventures in his blog , making money through any random odd job he can find in foreign lands and spending only $ 100 each week on all of his expenses . will hatton has made a career out of travelling the globe as the broke backpacker while spending only us $ 100 a week . ' when i first started travelling seven years ago i really did n't have any money whatsoever , so i became a bit of a whizz at hitching , couch surfing and dumpster-diving , ' he said . ' venezuela is definitely one of the cheapest countries i have ever been to . you can fill up a car for under 2 cents and get 12 beers for a dollar ! ' for just $ 100 mr hatton received a stack of money totalling over 1000 bills . ' when i first started travelling seven years ago i really did n't have any money whatsoever , so i became a bit of a whizz at hitching , couch surfing and dumpster-diving . all of this helped me save money and spend my budget on what really mattered - having a good time , ' mr hatton told daily mail australia . ' now i tend to purposefully pick extremely cheap countries such as nepal , venezuela or cambodia in order to help stretch my money as far a possible . ' venezuela is definitely one of the cheapest countries i have ever been to . you can fill up a car for under 2 cents and get 12 beers for a dollar ! ' sometimes , i pick up casual work on the road . i 've herded goats in the middle east , run beer-pong tables in laos and done more than my fair share of flyering in cambodia . in general , i 'm very good at budgeting and i am now making enough money from my travel writing to help fund my lifestyle . pictured laying a water pipe , the 26-year-old picks up odd jobs wherever he travels . ' i 've herded goats in the middle east , run beer-pong tables in laos and done more than my fair share of flyering in cambodia ' . pictured : mr hatton at the highest mountina pass in the world at annapurna himal , central nepal . ' i 've shared smokes with wandering holy men in india ( pictured ) and drank tea with rebels in myanmar , ' he said . ' i 'm still very proud to be british , but ultimately i 'm not sure if i will end up in the uk or not because i can afford a much better standard of living whilst travelling and eventually i hope to open a string of hostels . ' the keen traveller , who is currently making his way through the philippines , has visited nearly 50 countries over the last seven years and aims to reach 100 by the time he turns 30 . ' i spent over a year travelling in india before heading to nepal and then onwards to myanmar and the rest of the classic banana pancake trail . i 've hitched all over europe and even to africa and more recently i 've been spending time in venezuela and colombia , ' mr hatton said . but his adventures have left him with a scar or two and lead him into plenty of disastrous situations . mr hatton said he has been robbed on three separate occasions , once at knife point , crashed motorbikes , had to be evacuated from a jungle in costa rica after developing a serious leg infection that left permanent damage to his limb and was strip-searched at gun point while crossing into israel from palestine . in jordan , he hitched a ride from a rastafarian bedouin ( pictured ) who let him spend a week living in his cave , cooking on the fire and helping to herd his goats while jordan 's star-filled desert sky left him in awe each night . camel riding in jordan : ' get on with it , just go and do n't look back : if you spend your whole life waiting for the perfect time , the perfect companion or the perfect destination to go travelling then you may never end up going , ' mr hatton says . he admitted that he found himself well and truly out of money on a number of occasions , often leading him to search for work at a bar for a few days or a farm in exchange for food and board . indian tug of war : ' after a year in india , i was totally skint and ended up couchsurfing with an elephant handler for a couple of weeks whilst i figured out my next move ' . ' to this day , i do not know why i was singled out , but i was separated from everybody else in the queue and taken into a james bond-esque building complete with blast doors , ' he recounted . get on with it , just go and do n't look back : if you spend your whole life waiting for the perfect time , the perfect companion or the perfect destination to go travelling then you may never end up going . make sure you have the right gear : if you 're planning on hitching , take a tent - who knows where you may end up at night . one of the most useful pieces of equipment that i take absolutely everywhere is my head torch - it 's gotten me out of a tight spot on more than one occasion . try not to worry too much : if you 're travelling for the first time and nervous about being lonely , us vagabonds are a friendly bunch and all you need to do is check in to a hostel dorm in order to make plenty of friends . via will hatton . ' i was instructed through a loud speaker to remove all of my clothes . i stripped down to my boxers and was then made to take them off as well by two guards who came in with assault rifles . ' luckily they released me without anything else happening , but i still have no idea why i was made to take off all my clothes . a practical joke maybe ? ' he has also found himself in the sticky situation of well and truly running out of money on a number of occasions , often leading him to search for work at a bar for a few days or a farm in exchange for food and board . ' after a year in india , i was totally skint and ended up couchsurfing with an elephant handler for a couple of weeks whilst i figured out my next move . ' in the end , i sold a load of my stuff on ebay and my mum had to deal with posting stuff out all over the uk for me . luckily i had a couple of hundred action figures from my school-days and selling them helped me keep travelling for another year . however the trips have also left him with invaluable experiences that he 'll never forget , including hitching a ride from a rastafarian bedouin who let him spend a week living in his cave , cooking on the fire and helping to herd his goats while jordan 's star-filled desert sky left him in awe each night . samurai lessons in japan : mr hatton said he has been robbed on three separate occasions , once at knife point . himalayan treking : mr hatton ( pictured right ) : he also had to be evacuated from a jungle in costa rica after developing a serious leg infection that left permanent damage to his limb . snow leopard tracks in the himalayas : at one point , his travels led him to be strip-searched at gun point while crossing into israel from palestine . mr hatton , pictured canyoning ( right ) also snapped these colourful people celebrating the holi festival in kathmandu ( left ) . ' i always befriend as many locals as i can and i 've met some truly incredible people . i 've shared smokes with wandering holy men in india and drank tea with rebels in myanmar , ' he said . ' next week i plan to meet the fascinating whang od - a 95 year old kalinga tattoo artist who is the last person left alive that still practises batuk tribal tattooing . she has agreed to tattoo me . ' for his next lengthy trip , planned for march next year , mr hatton said he will travel to australia without boarding a single flight . ' i will catch trains as far as southern turkey before crossing into iran , up into pakistan and afghanistan and then across china and down through vietnam and south east asia , ' he said . ' once i hit malaysia , i plan on hitching rides on sailing boats across indonesia and onwards to papau new guinea ; finally , i will end my trip in australia . ' volcano boarding in leon , nicaragua : he is currently travelling through the philippines . ' next week i plan to meet the fascinating whang od - a 95 year old kalinga tattoo artist who is the last person left alive that still practises batuk tribal tattooing . she has agreed to tattoo me , ' he said . for his next lengthy trip , planned for march next year , mr hatton said he will travel to australia without boarding a single flight . he advised others who are keen to follow in his footsteps , not to worry too much : ' if you 're travelling for the first time and nervous about being lonely , us vagabonds are a friendly bunch and all you need to do is check in to a hostel dorm in order to make plenty of friends ' .