a writer has revealed why she stopped washing her hair six years ago after embarking on a quest to try and control her greasy , limp locks - by avoiding shampoo . new yorker sarah theeboom was inspired to give up using products on her hair after she ran into an old friend whose once dry , frizzy locks were smooth and shiny . when sarah asked for her secret , her friend explained that she had simply stopped shampooing , opting to partake in the apparently-popular ' no poo ' movement , which sarah had never heard of until that moment . ' i wasn’t in love with it , and i just didn’t really know what to do , ' she told seventeen . ' i wanted to try my friend’s trick and stop shampooing . ' scroll down for video . natural beauty : sarah theeboom ( pictured ) has n't washed her hair in six years after a friend told her that giving up shampoo was the secret to gorgeous locks . although her friend warned her that her scalp and hair would go through a nasty adjustment period , sarah was n't prepared for the dandruff and excessive amounts of grease that she first experienced after she first started shunning shampoo during a three-week vacation to thailand . sarah recalled that during those first few weeks her hair was the ' greasiest ' it had ever been . ' i was so embarrassed that i didn’t want to show my head to anyone , ' she explained . despite the fact that she ' almost cracked ' and went back to shampoo , she forged on with her mission . after vacation she started wrapping her hair with headbands every day . when she showered she would wet her hair and scrub her scalp with her fingers . and even though her boyfriend was critical of the idea , sarah explained that , by this point , she ' felt committed ' to her cause . new woman : the writer from new york city said her hair is now silkier and ' totally frizz-free ' since she gave up using shampoo . it took six weeks for her hair to feel somewhat normal again and then another six weeks of her hair looking 'so-so ' before the ' magic happened ' . ' i started to see what my natural hair was like when i wasn’t constantly doing stuff to manipulate it , ' sarah explained . ' it was silky and wavier and totally frizz-free . ' the ' no poo ' movement has gained popularity over recent years because of celebrities such as kim kardashian , shailene woodley , adele and jessica simpson who have revealed that that they avoid washing their hair for days - and sometimes months - on end . because it is no longer considered a ludicrous concept , sarah said that she typically does n't have a problem sharing her hair secret , but she did note that sometimes she will come across someone who just does n't get it - including one hair stylist who did n't understand why she could n't shampoo her hair . sarah explained that her although her current regimen sounds like a ' beauty philosophy ' , she was really just experimenting to see what worked for her . ' i don’t think shampoo is evil or bad for your hair ... ' she said . ' i still have good hair days and bad hair days , but overall , my hair looks and feels so much healthier . '