a mother says she must quit her job after her daughter was refused a place at a junior school 150 yards from their front door - and sent to one more than two miles away instead . seven-year-old charlotte briggs was told she can not attend lydgate junior school in sheffield even though she can see it from her bedroom window . her mother lynne , 49 , who has two other children , claims taking her daughter to school and back every day would require four hours of travelling on the bus and force her to quit her job . unhappy : charlotte briggs , seven , was refused a place at a school 150 yards from her home and offered one two miles away , so her mother lynne , pictured together , must quit her job to ensure she gets there and back . decision : the schoolgirl leaves across the street from her preferred school but instead will have to head to shooters grove primary , which is around two miles away . mrs briggs had believed broomhill infants school in sheffield , where charlotte is a student , was a feeder school to lydgate junior , so only put one school on charlotte 's admission form . the mother - who works in it for sheffield city council and is married to financial planner simon , 55 , - also believed the short distance from her home to the school would also be a deciding factor . but the council said the school charlotte attends has never been a feeder school and advised parents to always submit three preferences when applying . charlotte is in the catchment area but the school is oversubscribed , so children who also live in the area but go to the correct feeder school were given a place above her . mrs briggs is now planning to appeal the decision made by the authority after charlotte was given a spot at shooters grove primary - more than two miles away . she said : ' i know that lots of parents are in similar positions but what is different here is that not only are we in catchment , we live about as close to the school as possible . rejected : charlotte briggs was refused a place at lydgate junior school ( above ) in sheffield , even though she can see it from her bedroom window . ' parents park outside our house when dropping their children off at lydgate juniors . ' the council uses an `` as the crow flies '' criteria for working out who lives nearer in the event of over subscription within catchment and if i look out of my landing window , all that stands between us and the school are the kings court oap flats and a couple of houses . ' i 've been told broomhill is no longer a feeder school and all the places have been allocated at other infant schools . ' i have looked at bus timetables . i would n't be able to drop charlotte off at school and get into town for work . it would take an hour and five minutes each way twice a day . i simply would n't be able to do it . ' jayne ludlam , the council 's executive director of children , young people and families said : ' we do understand that it is difficult if a child can not be offered a place at their preferred school . ' we always encourage parents to submit three preferences in case their first preference can not be accommodated . alternative : the seven-year-old was instead offered a place at shooters grove - more than two miles away . ' broomhill infant school is not and has never been a linked feeder school to lydgate junior school and a member of the admissions team attended broomhill in october 2014 to offer help and advice to parents before applying . ' if only one preference is submitted and can not be accommodated , a place may have to be offered at the nearest school with available places . this may be a school outside the catchment area , if no other preferences were requested . ' if a family has specific reasons for seeking a place at an oversubscribed school they can submit an appeal to the independent appeals panel , which will convene in june and july . ' mrs briggs said she has contacted her local prospective parliamentary candidates in deputy prime minister nick clegg 's constituency of sheffield hallam - but has yet to receive a reply . she added : ‘ the school she has been allocated is down into one valley and down the other side . it 's ridiculous . if we were to go by bus it would be a bus into town and then another one out . ‘ it would take an hour and five minutes to get to school . we are appealing the decision but we wo n't find out until july what the outcome is , which is very late for us to plan and buy uniforms . ’