from model rosie huntington-whiteley 's beloved wheatgrass-packed green juice to victoria beckham 's favourite bee pollen breakfasts , there are plenty of stars who are walking adverts for the power of superfoods . health bloggers and celebrities alike sing superfoods ' praises and scientists publish countless studies into their health benefits . each comes with its own promise . indeed , acai berries have been linked to weight loss and cancer prevention , flax seeds are thought to help lower blood pressure and reduce the risk of heart disease , while coconut oil has been hailed as a weight loss aid . but how do we know if they actually work when we 've only become aware of them in the past few years ? scroll down for video . tipper lewis , 43 , has been reaping the benefits of superfoods for twenty years and credits the likes of chia seeds , bee pollen and matcha green tea with her boundless energy and good health . one woman , who has been making use of superfoods her entire life , swears by the stuff - and her wrinkle-free skin , boundless energy and the fact that she does n't even have a doctor are surely testament to the power of superfoods . tipper lewis , 43 , from london , grew up on a farm and quickly became fascinated by the power of plants , chinese medicine and organic produce . a vegan since the age of 18 , she studied the power of herbs and plants at university and landed a job at neal 's yard remedies - the leading independent british retailer of organic natural health and beauty products . tipper 's wrinkle-free skin , boundless energy and the fact that she does n't even have a doctor are surely testament to the power of superfoods . tipper , left , aged 30 , and , right , aged 43 , studied herbs and plants in her teens and now she is the head herbalist at neal 's yard remedies where she keeps her finger on the pulse for up-and-coming superfoods and remedies . speaking to femail about her love of superfoods , she said : ' i was taking them twenty years ago and they definitely were n't as fashionable back then but i 've always loved them . ' people would laugh at me for having a bottle of green water on my desk at work but i just ca n't imagine living a different way . my healthy diet is definitely to thank for my energy levels . when i was eating badly as a student , i was grumpier and my mind did n't work as fast . ' tipper starts the day with a superfood-charged smoothie , packed with green powder , bee pollen and maca powder . for lunch , she grabs a healthy salad and dinner is often stir fry with hemp seeds . tipper starts the day with a superfood-charged smoothie , for lunch , she grabs a healthy salad and dinner is often stir fry with hemp seeds . ' people would laugh at me for having a bottle of green water on my desk at work but i just ca n't imagine living a different way , ' she says of her lifestyle . speaking to femail about her love of superfoods , tipper , pictured on her allotment , said : ' i was taking them twenty years ago and they definitely were n't as fashionable back then but i 've always loved them ' . she has also created countless healthy recipes , including her raw cacao chocolate , which is made using raw cacao powder . unlike cocoa powder , cacao is not refined so is packed with the antioxidants and minerals that cocoa has stripped away . she replaces coffee with a matcha green tea , which is high in antioxidants and particularly catechins - the most potent and beneficial antioxidant . thanks to her healthy diet , she rarely gets ill. ' i do n't even have a doctor , ' she admits . her boyfriend has also jumped on the superfood bandwagon and takes bee pollen ( the superfood loved by victoria beckham that contains almost all of the nutrients we need ) to beat his hayfever . tipper grew up on a farm and quickly became fascinated by the power of plants and chinese medicine after her parents , pictured , introduced her to organic produce . tipper works behind the scenes at the uk 's leading superfood supplier , so what big health trends can we look out for this year ? ' goldenberries are the new goji berries , ' she said . ' they are amazing for your beauty , rich in antioxidants , protect your body and regulate blood sugar levels . they also help with collagen production so are amazing for keeping wrinkles at bay . ' whilst tipper has quietly been consuming superfoods her whole life , she thinks celebrities such as miranda kerr and rosie huntington-whiteley have ' opened a door for the public ' by professing their love of all things clean and lean . ' celebrities have done so well in raising awareness that things that are good for you can also taste nice . i know this way of life is n't for everyone but i would love to see more people embracing it . ' i would love to see children eating superfoods . watching them eat sugary cereal bars on the way to school is soul destroying , ' she said . super feel-good golden berry cups . such a deliciously decadent treat without any guilt ! raw cacao , bursting with energising magnesium and mood-enhancing serotonin , is blended with creamy raw coconut oil and layered with juicy golden berries for a vitamin c burst . super feel-good golden berry cups . ingredients . golden berries – ¼ cup ( soak in water for 2-4 hours , save water ) . golden berry water – 10ml ( saved from soaking the berries ) . vanilla extract – ½ teaspoon . himalayan pink salt – ¼ teaspoon . organic virgin coconut oil – ½ cup . raw cacao powder – ½ cup . coconut palm sugar ( or other sweetener ) – 4 dessertspoons . vanilla extract . 2 teaspoons himalayan pink salt – to garnish . method . for the salted golden berry crush : drain soaked golden berries , and 10ml of the water . blitz all ingredients in a food processor or high-speed blender until you get a paste for the homemade raw chocolate . for the homemade raw chocolate : thoroughly mix all ingredients in a bowl ( if coconut oil is solid , place the jar in a bowl of hot water until it melts ) . to make cupcakes . spoon a little of the chocolate mix into the mini paper cups freeze until solid . once solid add a layer of the salted golden berry crush . add a final layer of the chocolate mix , filling to the top of the cups , then sprinkle with himalayan pink salt & freeze until solid for the salted golden berry crush .  super summer body boost . super summer body boost . we all have that moment when it’s time to take the bikini out and our body has been covered up for most of the year ! this juice helps to tone and trim with naturally diuretic ingredients and herbs , renowned for helping to combat cellulite and banish cravings . ingredients . organic carrots – 3 . betacarotene is an antioxidant which is responsible for skin health & repair , it may also help reduce sun sensitivity . organic celery – 2 stalks . a natural diuretic to reduce water retention & a potent antioxidant . organic apples – 3 . source of pectin that has been proven to help reduce cholesterol , reduce weight & balance blood sugar . ginger – half an inch . boosts the digestion & circulation to help the body detoxify . chia seeds – 2 heaped teaspoons . the seeds swell fi lling the stomach & satiating hunger . complex carbohydrates are turned slowly into sugar , preventing spikes in blood sugar which causes hunger pangs . spirulina – 2 teaspoons microalgae helps the body 's cleansing process , which may lessen the appearance of cellulite . green tea – 1 teaspoon green tea increases the rate at which we burn calories , it may also inhibit the enzymes responsible for storing fat . method . make a small cup of fresh green tea , infusing the leaves for 1-2 minutes – allow to cool . juice the carrots , celery , apples & ginger . combine all the ingredients in a jug , whisking thoroughly to disperse the spirulina . add the chia seeds just before serving with ice . pour a refreshing glass & enjoy . superfoods mentioned available in neal’s yard remedies stores & online at nealsyardremedies.com .  