memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united on wednesday as the club look to tie up a move for the psv eindhoven winger . depay , 21 , jetted to england with representatives including his agent kees ploegsma for a summit with a united delegation led by manager louis van gaal . united are leading the hunt for the pacy holland international but face opposition from paris saint- germain while liverpool have also expressed an interest . memphis depay had a secret meeting with manchester united as the club look to tie up a move . depay during a photo shoot back in october 2013 where he modelled the can-am three-wheeled bike . manchester united are hoping to leave their rivals behind in the race to sign the young winger . psv coach phillip cocu admitted : ' van gaal is a very good coach and the premier league is great ' . van gall refused to squash the reports in his weekly media briefing . when asked about the depay link , van gaal said : ' i don’t discuss it with the media , you know my answer . ' i have a lot of relationships with players . i can not buy all the players i 've coached already . ' van gaal , who worked with depay at the world cup , made inquiries over the player 's availability last summer but decided to keep track of his progress rather than make a move . that could prove to be a costly decision , with the dutch club looking for around £25m for his services after he scored 20 goals in 28 games . depay , who has ' dream chaser ' tattooed to his chest and is pictured here modelling a three-wheeled bike in october 2013 , could line up at old trafford next season . psv coach phillip cocu was unaware of the meeting when asked on friday . he said : ' van gaal is a very good coach with whom i have worked and he was always very pleasant and the premier league is a great league . ' i have contact with memphis on a daily basis about many things , but not on a specific club or league . ' united hold the upper hand in the hunt for depay thanks to van gaal , who worked with the player during his stint in charge of holland . psv appear to be resigned to losing their star man this summer . depay has become one of the hottest properties in european football after a blistering season . louis van gaal ( right ) was tempted to sign depay last summer and will have to fork out around £25m . depay , who often plays on the left wing despite being right-footed , has been compared with international team-mate arjen robben . however , ed van steijn , the man who scouted cristiano ronaldo for manchester united , believes depay is better than the real madrid star was at the same age . speaking to dutch daily newspaper algemeen dagblad , van steijn said : ' if i compare him to a young cristiano ronaldo at the time , then depay has more strings to his bow . i like him better . ' ronaldo did the same things wrong at manchester united as he did when he was 17 . '