taylor swift and rumored boyfriend calvin harris spotted together after watching the band haim perform at troubadour club in west hollywood . were a record company to write a job description for the next big thing in popular music , certain attributes would surely be high on the list . foremost among them , one suspects , would be a decent singing voice , the ability to dance and that elusive brand of charisma which draws crowds of infatuated fans . none of which calvin harris possesses . not that he will be the slightest bit concerned about it . because he has plenty of reasons for self-confidence . seventy million of them , in fact . that is the fortune the 31-year-old pop leviathan has amassed since bursting onto the scene eight years ago . no mean feat for an introspective and , by his own admission , curmudgeonly son of a biochemist from the scottish borders who less than a decade ago was stacking supermarket shelves to make ends meet . to put it into perspective , his £70 million nest egg eclipses the fortunes of household names such as kylie minogue and sir cliff richard . yet walk into your local pub and it’s a fair bet many people , unless they follow the charts , will never have heard of him . so how has a pasty-faced , gangly geek ( he’s 6ft 5in ) , who decided early in his career to eschew personal publicity altogether , turned into the biggest pop star in britain ? the numbers don’t lie . his earning power is nothing short of breathtaking . last year alone he earned £45 million . for one night’s work dj-ing at a party in puerto rico , he was reportedly paid $ 1million . the year before he grossed £30 million , making him comfortably the best paid dj on the planet , and in the same year his credibility was bolstered by an ivor novello award for songwriter of the year . all of this has led to him being named the 21st most powerful celebrity on forbes magazine’s celebrity 100 , beating the likes of gordon ramsay , simon cowell and even j.k. rowling . but the very word ‘celebrity’ flies in the face of everything calvin harris stands for . fans of the x factor might remember the occasion , in 2009 , when the scot invaded the show’s stage during a performance by the lovably hopeless irish twins , jedward . holding a pineapple on his head , he bent over and pointed at his buttocks — a bizarre performance which he later explained was a protest against the ‘ frightening stranglehold that simon cowell has got over the entire music chart in the uk at the moment’ . protesting about the x factor’s obsession with fame , he declared : ‘i’m not a celebrity . i make music . ’ this underdog mentality undoubtedly stems from his background . he was born adam wiles in 1984 in dumfries . his father , david , now 72 , was the lead biochemist at the local hospital and his mother , pamela , 65 , had been an occupational therapist but became a full-time housewife after adam was born . dj calvin harris performs onstage in east rutherford , new jersey . in 2008 he stormed the stage at an x factor stage performance to protest what he called the programme 's obsession with fame . two older siblings went on to become , respectively , an it expert and a marketing executive . adam , however , was cut from a different cloth . as a teenager , he underwent a dance music epiphany while listening to the radio in his bedroom . but instead of heading out to pursue the rock’n’roll cliche in pubs and clubs , the cerebral young man shut himself in his bedroom , where he built his own studio and spent the next eight years honing the production skills which would make his fortune . soon his music making had become an obsession . he has said that he so rarely left his room that he experienced a personality change , becoming an anti-social electronic music geek , chained to a keyboard . calvin harris at the 2013 ivor novello awards held at the grosvenor house hotel , london . there were stints in bands , but he made an awkward frontman , perpetually hiding behind an oversized pair of sunglasses and resolutely refusing to dance . nobody was surprised when he gave that up . there were some encouraging signs . an independent record label released a couple of his tunes on vinyl . but he earned more money from the job he took in a fish factory , as well as shelf stacking at marks & spencer and safeway . in 2003 , he took a leap of faith and moved to london in an attempt to ‘ make it’ . he didn’t , and was soon returning north with his tail between his legs . it was back in his bedroom studio that he recorded his first album , i created disco , by which time he had rechristened himself calvin harris . his salvation , as with so many recent stars , came in the form of social media . calvin rapidly built a following for his music on myspace , which brought him to the attention of emi publishing and later the sony bmg label . in the blink of an eye he was writing two of the tracks on kylie minogue’s comeback album , x . that same year , 2007 , he released his debut album , which went gold with more than 100,000 sales . almost by accident , calvin had found the solution to his problems : get somebody else , better looking , more famous and with a better voice , to sing his songs instead . so after i created disco , he packed up singing and retreated , gratefully , into the background . since that first collaboration he has worked with anyone and everyone in the business , from popstars rihanna ( their 2011 smash hit we found love won him a grammy ) and katy perry to the british superstar ellie goulding . even cheryl cole owes her biggest hit to calvin . along the way , he has released three more albums , all of which have been global smashes . two years ago , he surpassed michael jackson to become the first artist to score nine top-ten hits from a single album . after his i created disco album ( pictured ) , he packed up singing and retreated , gratefully , into the background . with such dizzying success it is impossible to keep a low profile for ever , and even calvin has been affected by the fame juggernaut . it began with a sequence of beautiful girlfriends . despite his ungainly appearance , he found himself squiring the russian-american swimwear model anne vyalitsyna . soon he was developing a reputation for becoming involved with his collaborators . ellie goulding was an on-off dalliance for years , and he had a year-long relationship with singer rita ora , which ended with a twitter argument . and while success had built calvin’s confidence , it did nothing to dampen his contrary nature . twitter spats ( he has 5.79 million followers ) have become his stock in trade . he has railed at unkind reviewers , ‘ rich kids’ ruining the record industry , his tracks being sold for what he regards as derisory prices , and singers whom , he feels , do not treat his creations with sufficient respect . calvin harris had made a career working with some of the hottest stars in pop music , including ellie goulding ( left ) and rihanna ( right ) . all of which paints a less than complimentary picture of a petulant star whose life has changed beyond recognition . earlier this year , he jettisoned another stunning model , the american aarika wolf , in favour of the biggest prize of his dating career , american pop princess taylor swift . miss swift , a 25-year-old global star who had the top-selling album of 2014 in the u.s. , fits the 2015 vintage calvin to perfection — for since 2013 he’s gone about reinventing himself from the ground up . no longer a the anorak-loving teenager from dumfries , harris owns an £11 million mansion in beverly hills . that was the year he signed a deal to dj at the american superclub hakkasan , taking up a residency in las vegas and buying an £11 million mansion in beverly hills . in less than a decade he has gone from a nondescript detached house on the georgetown housing estate just outside dumfries , to a mansion with ten bedrooms , 11 bathrooms , two swimming pools and a guesthouse so palatial it comes with its own private garage . such is his earning power , however , this is a drop in the ocean . last year , he became the first artist to have his music streamed over a billion times on the internet and , at the rate he is going , the dj will have £250 million in the bank before he hits 40 . the hakkasan gig alone earns him £200,000 a night , while he has been paid many millions more by brands who use his music in advertising campaigns . he has physically changed beyond recognition as well . his once pasty skin is tanned , while endless gym sessions have honed those spindly limbs to lean , muscled perfection . the chest is waxed , the hair and designer stubble coiffed daily by a personal groomer , the teeth whitened and straightened and his wardrobe overhauled by a stylist . the end result of all this has been a contract as the face and body of emporio armani . no longer the self-conscious wallflower , he now poses in nothing but a pair of briefs without missing a beat . he became the biggest thing in music by stealth , but the days of calvin harris flying under the radar are a thing of the past . 