luckless : huw davies , 34 , has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years . a geography graduate has applied for more than 500 jobs - but has not been called for a single interview . huw davies , 34 , has been searching for permanent employment for almost 13 years since graduating from the university of glamorgan in 2002 . as well as his bsc ( hons ) degree , mr davies , who lives in merthyr tydfil , also has three a-levels and 10 gcses on his cv . despite his strong academic background , he has been unable to secure a job and says he ' has n't got the foggiest ' about what he is doing wrong . although he has worked over the 13-year period , all the jobs have been on short , fixed-term contracts . he has also spent time teaching in south africa , kuwait and the desert kingdom of saudi arabia , but says he returned home as he wants to live in the uk . all this has meant he has been forced to dig deep into his savings to pay the rent and other bills . scroll down for video . he said : ' it 's unbelievable and no-one can understand it . ' everyone i 've spoken to - people in business , the job centre , my friends and family just do n't know why i do n't even get interviews . ' the sheer fact i have moved three times to work should imply i am eager to work . ' it 's hard to blame anyone without being able to put my finger on the issue in the first place . ' searching : mr davies has a geography degree and three a-levels , but has not even been called for interview . mr davies initially wanted to find a job related to his degree , specifically employment within the environmental or town planning sectors . but after his numerous setbacks , the 34-year-old is now willing to settle for almost anything . he has put his name forward for roles including office jobs , administration , factory work - and even a position as a train driver . mr davies , who spends his spare time writing and has published three poetry books and is currently working on two novels , has also registered with job agencies in cardiff and swansea . he says he is not fussed about where he is based . ' i drive , i am willing to travel a decent distance , ' he said . ' i have the will , i have the drive . i would understand if i had bad interview technique but i am not even getting calls back . ' my cv has been redone by three or four different people . ' all my friends can not believe it . they say i must be the most unfortunate person . ' i ca n't think of anyone else who would leave britain three times to find work . i even applied for a job as a train driver , just because it was there . ' i feel awful thinking i have a lot to offer but no one wants to use me . it 's frustrating , upsetting . if i was very blasé it would be a whole different story . ' he added : ' my job centre told me ages ago i was caught in a catch-22 , saying i was over-qualified for a factory-type job but under-experienced for the kind of job i wanted to do . ' struggle : the 34-year-old will work anywhere in britain , but despite his flexibility , he has not secured a job . mr davies is not the first luckless candidate to struggle finding a job . in 2011 , leanne shipley , 18 , from east yorkshire , applied for 300 jobs without hearing back from a single one . in the same year , 19-year-old bob jewers , from county durham , said he had been rejected from 400 jobs , only getting replies from four . a spokesman for the department for work and pensions said employment in wales went up in the last quarter by 24,000 people . the spokesman added : ' unemployment fell in the last three months by 13,000 so there are just 92,000 people out of work in wales . ' the number of people claiming jobseeker 's allowance in wales has also fallen by 17,000 in the last year . '