a woman who worked briefly for the president of a maine college has filed a discrimination lawsuit against the school , alleging she was expected to play tennis , jog and watch ' chick flicks ' with her female boss . sarah hulbert , of auburn , wrote in her complaint that she was treated differently from her male co-workers during her time as an executive assistant at bates college in lewiston and was fired for having ' no pizzazz . ' the sun journal reports that the 59-year-old hulbert worked for bates president a. clayton spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 . bates president : the ex-assistant to bates college president clayton a. spencer ( pictured ) claims that the president fired her because she would n't job with her or watch chick flicks . in the suit , hulbert wrote : ' plaintiff 's supervisor , the president of bates college , ( a. clayton spencer ) expected plaintiff , as a condition of her employment , to engage in activities with the president , such as running , tennis lessons and watching ' chick flicks , ' which the president did not require of similarly situated male employees . ' hulbert claimed she has suffered a financial loss and a human loss due to ' gender discrimination ' and seeks compensatory damages at a jury trial . hulbert alleges that she was mislead when she was for the job at spencer 's home in winchester , mass . ' during that interview , ms. spencer assured me that she highly valued the personal time that employees should have and would n't ... intrude upon that personal time , ' hulbert wrote in her complaint . hulbert says when she began employment that spencer expected her to jog with her at 5:30 a.m. but that she could not because she had surgery on her right foot in the past . when hulbert offered to find spencer a different running partner , ' she reluctantly suggested that i try , but left me feeling pressured to run with her if i wished to continue working for her , ' hulbert said . hulbert claims that spencer asked her to participate in tennis lessons but again she said she would ' reluctantly ' try because of the injury to her foot . the university : ex-assistant sarah hulbert , 59 , worked for bates president a. clayton spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012 . ' although i indicated a willingness to try playing tennis with ms. spencer , her reaction at all points was significant disappointment that i was not going to be running and possibly not playing tennis with her , ' hulbert wrote in her complaint to the agency . spencer allegedly fired hulbert on july 10 because she ' did not have pizzazz , ' hulbert claims . hulbert was allegedly informed that that if spencer had ' discarded ' her , then ' no one else will wish to take you ' for other positions at the college . hulbert claims that bates had ' ratified the gender and disability-based discrimination of its president in refusing to consider me for any other open position with the college . ' the sun journal reports that before her brief time at bates , she worked for the law firm berman and simmons in lewiston and before that was employed at hebron academy as the director of research and development . a bates spokesman said in a statement that ' the college strongly disagrees with the allegations ' and will defend itself in court . according to the bates website , from september 2005 until she joined bates in 2011 , spencer served as harvard’s vice president for policy . 