an aer lingus flight from dublin to vienna yesterday had to return after suffering from technical issues . the airline said that flight ei 660 had left dublin at 8.30am and was forced to land back at the same airport at 9.20am , with 120 passengers on board . it was confirmed that the landing was not an emergency , and the aircraft is undergoing an inspection to determine the cause . an aer lingus flight was forced to return to the dublin airport less than an hour into its journey after it had ' technical issues ' . the incident was the second one of the day for dublin airport , after two ryanair planes collided while taxiing on the runway causing part of one of the winglets to be ripped off . an aer lingus spokesperson told the irish independent : ' a short time [ after departure ] a technical issue arose and the captain made the decision to return to dublin . ' ' as part of normal precautionary procedure , emergency services were on standby . ' the aircraft will undergo inspection . ' according to airportwebcams.net , the pilot had detected fumes on board , which had been discovered after their checklist was completed . all passengers were accommodated on alternative aircraft and proceeded with their journey . airlive tweeted the change in plane direction to their followers on twitter . twitter user norah king was on the redirected flight and tweeted the update in her journey . the airline tweeted about the event , reassuring the public that the plane had landed safely back at dublin . plane tracking website airlive.net tweeted that it had turned around just as it had started over wales . the incident happened an hour after the two ryanair planes clipped each other on the ground at the same airport , resulting in part of one of the winglets hanging off . no passengers were injured when the collision occurred , shortly before 8am , but disruption occurred for hundreds of travellers . mailonline has contacted aer lingus for further comment . the incident was the second incident of the day at the airport , after two ryanair planes collided breaking one of the winglets . 