for more than 2,000 years , invaders have been fighting over glorious kefalonia . romans , the kingdom of naples , the venetian republic , the ottoman empire , the french , british and , during the second world war , the italians and germans have all left their mark . fortunately , the present settlers - the greeks themselves and the odd expat - have stoutly resisted the encroachment of mass tourism . so instead of fast-food restaurants you will find charming family-run tavernas that make this island a foodie heaven . great forests of pines , cypress and cedars still sweep down the steep hillsides , often ending in cliffs of chalk as white as those at dover , or in fine shingle and sand beaches , fringing a sea whose warm , sun-reflecting waters are of startling clarity . the famous curve of myrtos beach , as well as many little inland villages , are seen on the road to fiscardo . inland , the roads , winding around mountains whose accessible slopes are swathed in olive groves and vineyards are blessedly free of excessive traffic . we landed at the island 's only airport near the capital town of argostoli , took a five-minute walk to the car-rental office and were quickly on our way to the village of spartia on the southern coast - our first base of a two-centre holiday . richard johnson rejoices in unspoiled kefalonia . we were staying first at the superb villa hephaestus . the view from our shady veranda was wonderful - indeed , my american wife called it ' awesome ' . the sweep of lourdas bay , with its long sandy beaches , was spread out below us , while the neighbouring island of zakynthos could be seen in the misty distance . hephaestus is a modern villa with a well-equipped kitchen , and we love to cook . however , after a long day travelling , we decided we needed restorative cocktails , a carafe of white wine and a good fish dinner . not fancying driving along twisting lanes , we called a taxi to take us to the beautifully situated and highly regarded water way restaurant at spartia beach . the proprietor is a local fisherman , so the best of his catch goes to the kitchen , which is presided over by his wife , while his charming daughter tepsi is in charge of front of house . from lourdas bay you can see zakynthos island , where the beautiful shipwreck beach ( pictured ) is found . a sweeping view across the turquoise waters of lourdata bay and the white stands of lourdas beach . the island is replete with diverse things to see on day trips but the nightlife is virtually non-existent , so we decided to stay home in the evenings and explore during the day . we checked out the string of beaches around lourdas bay and found plenty of good restaurants . at the top of a flight of easy steps from lourdas beach , we found lorraine 's magic hill restaurant , with superb food lovingly prepared by the eponymous owner with ingredients from her husband 's organic farm . the portions are generous and there 's a great view across the bay to fellow ionian isle zakynthos . the popular skala beach is just at the end of the bay . the metaxa beach bar is a good place for coffee and the area is lined with tavernas . we shopped for supplies for our evening meals at argostoli 's port . one can buy catch-of-the-night fish straight from the boats that line the quay ( park where you like , for free ) . the popular golden skala beach is just at the end of the bay with the nearby metaxa beach bar good for coffee . the town of argostoli 's port is ideal for picking up supplies , including catch-of-the-night fish from the boats . enjoyable excursions to the countryside took us to the ruined hilltop castle of st george , near peratata , and the monastery of st ayos . at both places entrance is free , and do n't miss the castle cafe just outside the gates . its enthusiastic proprietors are greek/english and serve superior food in a shady garden . the monastery of saint geronimo is situated in a vine-clad valley north-east of the castle . it was rebuilt in byzantine-style in the 1960s , the original having been destroyed during a 1953 earthquake . the walls of the interior are decorated in exuberant style with biblical scenes , and a huge candelabra hangs from the ceiling . we loved our stay in the south , but for the second week of our stay it was time to take the 35-mile drive to fiscardo , on the island 's north cape . the trip afforded superb views of the coast - including the famous curve of myrtos beach - as well as many little inland villages . fiscardo , once a remote fishing port , has been transformed into a world-class yachting centre , with smart restaurants and boutiques jostling for every inch of the quayside . the second week of our stay was a 35-mile drive away in the fishing village of fiscardo , in the island 's north . ' it 's like st tropez in the old days , ' i mused . our villa , island view , is set on the hillside overlooking the port . from its verandas and infinity pool the neighbouring islands of ithaca - mythical home of odysseus - and lefkas could be seen through the shimmering sea mist . we found some attractive beaches a few minutes ' drive from fiscardo . our two favourites were agia jerusalem and alaties , both reached by turning right out of the village of maganos and following the signs . agia jerusalem is considered a ' secret ' place , peaceful even in august . when we visited ( in september ) , fewer than a dozen people were enjoying the sunbeds provided . agia jerusalem beach is considered a ' secret ' place , peaceful even in august , and a favourite of the writer . there 's an excellent taverna , with fresh fish and dishes from a menu that changes daily . alaties , on the other hand , is a tiny cove with a miniature beach . it 's lovely to swim there . among the fir trees above the beach is a modern restaurant where fresh prawns can be had . apart from one afternoon of rain ( we were on a boat trip to lefkas but 30 minutes out of fiscardo , an unexpected squall hit us and it rained for the remainder of the trip ) , the weather was perfect . we had a wonderful time with beautiful scenery , great food and fun when we wanted it . i can see why so many people have wanted to invade kefalonia !