edwin mee denies a series of sex offences which complainants claim took place when he worked as as an army recruitment sergeant in croydon . an army recruitment sergeant who served with the special forces in iraq has denied sex attacks on 11 female cadets - saying they ' never happened ' . edwin mee , 46 , is said to have abused his position of power to abuse or rape 11 alleged victims while working at an army careers centre in croydon , south london . the scottish officer - known as ' jock ' - allegedly carried out the attacks on women aged from 15 to their early twenties between october 2010 and september 2011 . taking to the witness box to give evidence at london 's southwark crown court today , mee told jurors about his military career , and firmly denied the allegations . he branded one alleged victim - who says she became pregnant after he raped her - a ' time waster ' and a liar . lisa wilding qc , defending , asked her client : ' the allegations against you are that in respect of two complainants , that you raped them , and in respect of the others that you touched them sexually , what do you say generally about those allegations ? ' mee replied : ' that never happened ma'am . ' mee joined the army aged 24 , and went on to serve tours of duty in iraq - where he was attached to the special forces , and afghanistan - where he was attached to a parachute regiment - and bosnia , jurors heard . by the time the allegations against him came to light he had acquired the rank of sergeant , and he was suspended in 2011 . the court was told that mee was medically discharged from the army in april 2014 . he explained that his father had been an engineer in the royal navy , his mother an army nurse , and that his step-brothers had also been in the army . lisa wilding qc , defending mee , asked him how he felt about his time in the army . he replied : ' everyone knows how i feel about the army . my family served in it - the army was my life , and if it was n't for all this mess , i would still be there . ' when arrested , mee gave a prepared statement to police denying the allegations against him . referring to one of the rape allegations , he said : ' i have never raped any person in my life . ' he went on to deny each of the sexual assault allegations saying ' i did not sexually assault any person ' , when talking about each individual incident . however , giving evidence , mee conceded that he would often swear in the recruitment office and shouted at recruits saying things like ' i 'll rip your head off and s*** down your throat ' . when asked why he was like this , he replied : ' if i felt they were trying to mess me about , if somebody missed an appointment . these are courses that are paid for by the british army . ' if someone missed an appointment i would get them on the phone and b****** them . at the time i just thought it was normal . it was just the way i spoke . ' mee said that the army , from which he is suspended , is ' his life ' and insisted the offences ' never happened ' . he further admitted that he would often make comments to ' threaten or intimidate ' recruits because the army is not a nine to five job and they needed to understand that they could lose their lives . but mee also told jurors that he was ' protective ' over his candidates and felt that he was in the best position to help them , occasionally ' cutting corners ' to help them progress . he had a total of 565 candidates on his books while working at the recruitment centre . the court has heard that mee targeted alleged victims by staying late at the careers centre to conduct after-hours interviews with applicants - in which he ' gauged their vulnerability ' . one of the women , who is originally from sierra leone , claims she became pregnant after mee raped her . he is accused of having threatened to halt her application at one point , telling her : ‘ i am from the army , i can do anything’ . but mee denied her claims . he said : ' she was a time waster and she lied to me with regards to her application and medical condition . ' ' she had a problem with her weight and i had to send her away , she was slightly overweight i believe , ' he said . giving evidence from behind a screen , the complainant told jurors mee raped her after pretending to ring the home office to help secure her visa . mee was working at an army careers centre in croydon , south london , when the alleged incidents took place . he dismissed her account that she believed he could influence her immigration status . ' i would say that is absolutely ludicrous and rubbish , ' mee told jurors . he further denied slapping her bottom , asking her to live with him and asking for sex on the telephone . ' did you ever say `` i will marry you if you do n't get a visa '' , ' asked ms wilding . ' no i did not , ' replied mee . another complainant , aged 16 at the time of the alleged offence , says mee asked to see the piercing in her stomach area the first time they met to discuss her application . she claims that he later slapped her bottom and , when she complained , told her : ' it 's you who needs the army . ' at the time of the alleged sex attacks , he was employed as a recruiting sergeant with the british army at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office ( acio ) in croydon . mee , of croydon , south london denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three rapes and one count of assault by penetration . southwark crown court heard mee was protective of his recruits and ' cut corners ' to help them in their careers . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .