just 8p in every £10 spent looking after dementia patients goes on research into the causes , shocking figures reveal . the outlay on stroke research is little better , with 19p allocated from each £10 spent on the health and social needs of patients . a study says the amount spent by the government and charities studying dementia and strokes is ‘ still way too low’ . just 11 per cent of research funding from he government and charities into the uk’s leading causes of death and disability was allocated to dementia , research has found . despite extra cash pumped into the two diseases recently by government bodies , they remain underfunded given the economic and personal impact felt by millions of sufferers and their families , say researchers . in comparison to cancer and coronary heart disease they are still poor relations , according to calculations by oxford university academics . the amount spent on cancer research is around 13 times higher than dementia , and almost six times more than stroke . the spend on heart disease is eight times that of dementia and triple the amount spent on stroke research , says the study published in the online journal bmj open . researchers assessed central government and charity research expenditure in 2012 into the uk’s leading causes of death and disability – cancer , coronary heart disease , dementia and stroke which together accounted for over half of all deaths . the combined amount of research funding allocated by the government and charities to the four conditions came to £856million in 2012 , almost two-thirds of which was allocated to cancer . around one-fifth was devoted to coronary heart disease , while just 11 per cent was allocated to dementia and 7 per cent to stroke research . the study found a significant shift in funding since 2008 , particularly after a commitment by the coalition to new money for dementia research . but the sums allocated by charities have scarcely budged since 2008 , possibly because they rely on public donations which may be affected by ‘ a form of ageism’ where dementia and stroke are seen as inevitable only in the elderly . research leader professor alastair gray , of the health economic research centre at the nuffield department of population health , oxford university , said overall research funding has not been cut but priorities had shifted . almost two-thirds of research funding allocated by to the four conditions was allocated to cancer . overall research spending by government bodies went up 20 per cent over the period , but there was a change in diseases that benefited . in 2012 , £157million was spent on cancer research by government bodies , down from £267million in 2008 . prof gray said : ‘ there was increasing recognition that expenditure on dementia should rise and this was reflected in the coalition agreement . ‘ as a consequence less was spent on cancer because of the increasing emphasis on dementia and stroke , but these areas remain underfunded when compared with the burden of disease . ’ he said research funding was ‘ still way too low’ in both diseases , especially for stroke . there are at least 800,000 dementia patients and 1.2million stroke victims needing health and social care each year in the uk , compared with 2.3million cases of cancer and the same number of heart disease cases . costs of healthcare were highest for cancer at £4.4billion and lowest for dementia at £1.4billion and stroke at £1.8billion . but social care costs of dementia outweighed social care costs of the other three conditions combined . health and social care for dementia cost £11.6billion in 2012 – more than double the equivalent bill for cancer . this means that for every £10 of health and social care costs attributable to each condition , £1.08 in research funding was spent on cancer , 65p on coronary heart disease , 19p on stroke , and just 8p on dementia , the researchers calculated . hilary evans , of alzheimer’s research uk , said the charity has more than doubled its annual commitment to research since 2008 . she added : ‘ it will be vital for the next government to make dementia research a priority if we are to defeat the condition . ’ dr doug brown , of alzheimer’s society , said : ‘alzheimer’s society has pledged to spend at least £100million on dementia research over the next decade – more than ever before – but if we’re going to improve the quality of care , develop better treatments and ultimately cure dementia we need politicians to pledge continued commitment and set out an ambition to create a step change in research funding . ’ dr dale webb , of the stroke association , said that if the ‘ wholly inadequate’ level of research funding into stroke remains the same , ‘ we will not be ready for the challenges a growing and ageing population will bring’ .