two british men have been fined $ 3,000 for threatening behaviour on board a thomson airways flight . one allegedly threw peanuts and a pound coin at cabin crew , with the other was accused of hitting himself on the head with clenched fists during the disturbance , which forced the flight from london to mexico to divert to bermuda . jamie richardson , 38 , from lancing , west sussex and daniel taylor , 37 , from worthing , west sussex , both pleaded guilty to using threatening behaviour in a bermuda court . scroll down for video . polcie were seen entering the grounded plane at lf wade international airport in bermuda . the two holidaymakers could also face a four-month jail term , with local sources claiming the pair are struggling to pay the fee as they have only $ 700 between them . the royal gazette reported that at the hearing the prosecutor reported the two men to be intoxicated at the point of boarding the the boeing 787-8 at london gatwick at around 9.40am on sunday morning . the court heard how , despite being seated apart , richardson and taylor pestered the cabin crew for drinks and caused havoc in the cabin . taylor is said to have stood on the foot of one member of staff , and both men were accused of shouting and swearing during the flight . after being told to stop , the two reportedly claimed ' we are drug dealers . ' taylor then threw his wallet to richardson , who wanted to buy some peanuts . on throwing back the wallet , a fellow passenger was hit on the head . bermuda police confirmed two men were taken into custody after reports of unruly behviour on a plane . richardson later the peanuts and a pound coin at staff , while taylor continued to act in an aggressive manner . taylor then refused a final written warning from cabin staff . the pilot was notified of the action in the cabin , and took the decision to make an unscheduled landing at lf wade international airport in bermuda , seven-and-a-half hours into the flight . the plane , carrying 278 passengers , was met by six police cars on landing , with officers seen entering the aircraft and removing the passengers . in their defence , both men said they had taken sleeping pills , and that these , when mixed with alcohol , forced them to behave irrationally . their attorney alexandra wheatley expressed the concern that the two men can not afford their respective fines and asked for the amount to be revised . but magistrate magistrate khamisi tokunbo dismissed this as a legitimate reason and believed the fine was fair . ' in these times it could be a lot harsher – you can’t mess around in the air these days , ' he said . a statement on the bermuda police website read : ' around 12:55pm on sunday , april 12 police officers responded to a report of two disruptive passengers on a diverted thomson airways flight landing at lf wade international airport . ' the two male passengers involved were subsequently escorted off the plane and taken into police custody . ' the thomson aircraft was apparently en route from london , u.k. to cancun , mexico . ' it is not known at this time as to the nationality or the exact actions of the two passengers arrested . a spokesperson for thomson airways told mailonline travel : ' thomson airways would like to apologise for any inconvenience experienced by passengers on board flight tom022 from london gatwick airport to cancun , which diverted to bermuda yesterday due to a customer incident on board . ' we operate a zero tolerance policy in relation to any disruptive behaviour . the passengers in question were removed from the aircraft and met by police . ' the flight departed within two hours to ensure the other customers could get away on their holiday as soon as possible . ' customer safety is our priority at all times and we would like to reassure passengers that incidents of this nature are extremely rare . ' 