andy murray and novak djokovic are on another collision course in miami after the serbian beat david ferrer to reach the semi-finals of the miami open . with murray set to face tomas berdych in his semi-final , the man who beat him to the australian open and then again in the semis of indian wells secured his own last-four spot with a 7-5 7-5 success . ferrer made a fast start taking the opening three matches as he dominated the world number one , but he was unable to keep the pace and was eventually hunted down on his 33rd birthday . novak djokovic celebrates reaching the miami open semi-finals after his 7-5 , 7-5 success over david ferrer . the world no 1 is likely to face briton andy murray in the miami final should he beat john isner . ferrer dominated the quarter-final early on but was unable to sustain the pace against the world no 1 . djokovic and birthday boy ferrer embrace at the conclusion of their match in miami . ' i was n't feeling the ball that great at the beginning , but i knew that i 'm going to have my chances if i stayed committed , if i kept on working , ' djokovic - looking an unbreakable force this season - said on the tournament 's official website . ' but i had to earn my points . i had to fight for everything that i got tonight on the court , because he was n't going to give it to me . i knew that coming onto the court . ' i knew that he 's a great competitor , that he grinds a lot , runs , and makes you play always an extra shot . that 's why he 's been top-10 player for so many years and he 's tough to beat . ' john isner is up next for djokovic after the american made it back-to-back wins over top-10 opponents . hot on the heels of tuesday 's gruelling three-set triumph over milos raonic , the world number 24 had a more straight forward evening against fourth seed kei nishikori , winning 6-4 6-3 . japanese star nishikori paid tribute to his opponent afterwards , telling the atp tour website : ' i think he play really well today . the sun sets over the crandon park tennis center in key biscayne , miami as djokovic and ferrer play . spectators at the quarter-final match were treated to a spectacular sunset as the players fought it out . john isner celebrates after defeating kei nishikori 6-4 , 6-3 in his quarter-final and will play djokovic next . american isner makes a return on his way to victory during the quarter-final tussle in miami . nishikori struggled to cope with isner 's serve and admitted he ' could n't really stop him ' . ' on the serve , i did n't have any chance . also , his forehand and backhand - he hit some winners from the back of the baseline . i could n't really stop him today . i do n't think i really played bad . maybe i could do a little better with everything , but i think he played well today . ' serena williams and carla suarez navarro will contest the women 's final after they both came through their semis on thursday . fresh from her 700th career success on wednesday , world number one williams saw off indian wells champion simona halep 6-2 4-6 7-5 . halep - who has won more games than anyone on tour this year - was broken twice in the first set but found a way to combat williams in the second , attacking her forehand and drawing 37 errors on it but , after winning the second set , she lost her serve in what proved to be the final game of the decider . serena williams celebrates after beating simona halep 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 in her semi-final match . williams was annoyed with the number of mistakes she made but still reached the final in miami . simona halep fought hard against williams but ultimately lost in three sets . ' i hit more errors than i did in my last match , which i thought was impossible , ' williams told the tournament 's official website . ' i 'm just not at my best level right now which is a little frustrating . ' williams has held top spot in the rankings for 110 weeks , though , and knows what improvements she has to make . ' i feel like the match was on my racquet and i really had opportunities in the second . i just did n't take them , ' williams added . ' that is something i ca n't do going into the grand slams coming up . ' carla suarez navarro celebrates after defeating andrea petkovic 6-3 , 6-3 to book her place in the final . andrea petkovic shows her frustration during the semi-final defeat to carla suarez navarro . navarro made fairly light work of andrea petkovic , who was seeded three places higher in ninth , and eased to a 6-3 6-3 victory . the spaniard did not face a single break point in nine service games , dropping just 13 points , while petkovic offered up 32 unforced errors to bow out with a whimper . ' i feel so happy . it 's so important for me , ' navarro told the wta website . ' i was practicing and working all year with my team for a moment like this . ' 