kelly osbourne did n't always want to grow up to be like her famous mom - but in a letter published in the new book a letter to my mom , the tv personality admitted that she is now proud to be sharon osbourne 's daughter . for author lisa erspamer 's third collection of tributes , celebrities such as melissa rivers , shania twain , will.i.am , christy turlington burns , and kristin chenoweth all composed messages of love and gratitude to the women who raised them . and the heartwarming epistolary book , which was published last week , has arrived just in time for mother 's day on may 10 . ' like all teenage girls i had this ridiculous fear of growing up and becoming just like you , ' kelly osbourne wrote in her letter , republished on yahoo parenting . ' i was so ignorant and adamant about creating my `` own '' identity . ' scroll down for video . mini-me : in lisa erspamer 's new book a letter to my mom , kelly osbourne ( r ) wrote a letter to her mother sharon ( l ) saying that she 's happy to have grown up to be just like her . she went on to say that one day she realized she was already just like sharon , and she should n't have been surprised by the fact . ' why had i been fighting the inevitable for so long ? ' she continued . ' you are the most beautiful , kind , generous , loving , and - let’s not forget - strongest person i have ever met and the best part is that you are my mum . i am so proud to be your daughter . ' kelly 's former co-star on e ! 's fashion police , joan rivers , was also paid tribute to by her daughter melissa rivers ; melissa said she read the letter to her mom before joan 's death last year . celebrity stories : duchess of york sarah ferguson ( r ) explained in her letter that she forgives her mom susan barrantes ( l ) for abandoning her at age 13 and thanked her for giving her a life lesson . loving mom : supermodel christy turlington burns , pictured with her mom maría elizabeth turlington , is one of many famous people to write a letter for the book . meanwhile , sarah ferguson , duchess of york , penned a letter to her mother , susan barrantes , who left sarah at age 13 to be raised by her father when she moved to argentina with another man . ' i am writing to you now , to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for the life lessons you have given me , ' she wrote . ' you gave me the strength to look at life differently . ' another contributor , dr. phil mcgraw , gratefully explained that because his mother geraldine mcgraw knew he would succeed , dr. phil ' began to believe it too . ' the book has been filled with loving letters from non-celebrities as well ; one woman , suzy unger , called her mother her hero , while another , tejal patel , thanked her mother for teaching her about parenting . funny lady feedback : melissa rivers ( lr ) wrote a letter to her mother joan ( l ) before she died and said she was able to get her mom 's thoughts on it . saying thanks : lisa erspamer 's new book is filled with letters of love and gratitude for the writers ' mothers . and despite her book already being published , lisa erspamer is still taking letter submissions on her website for a letter to my mom , where she publishes the tributes along with photos . khloe kardashian , nicole ' snooki ' polizzi and khloe kardashian are among the many who have written letters that have appeared on her site . ' people often say that mothers are the best teachers in the world , ' khloe wrote . ' i have come to know that it could n't be truer . thank you for being the best mother and teacher i could ever ask for . '