there’s nothing better than a succulent steak , sizzling from the hot plate , charred to perfection on the outside , bursting with juices within . people often get it wrong when cooking this cut of meat and end up with an overdone dish that’s bone dry , grey-hued and distinctly unappetising . so what is the best way to cook the perfect steak ? do you season before or after ? oil the pan or the meat ? and what are the best cuts ? scroll down for video . speak to your butcher when you 're shopping for a perfect steak and pay a little bit extra for the best meat . allow your meat to come to room temperature before you start cooking , mr mccarroll advised . according to jared mccarroll head chef at m restaurant and grill , the first step to a perfect steak starts when you are shopping ; when buying steaks purchase the best meat you can afford . he told femail : ‘it’s best to speak to your local butcher and pay a little bit extra and reap the rewards when eating it . ’ and while we all stress about the cooking times for steak , he advises in checking the temperature of the meat before you start preparing your meal . ' one of the most important steps in cooking the perfect steak that is often forgotten or never thought about , is to allow your meat to come to room temperature first . ' this will shorten the cooking time and help to prevent grey rings from happening , ' mr mccarroll continued . your steak should have a fine texture , be well marbled ( veins of fat running through the meat ) and firm to the touch . the shape and thickness of the steak is also important ; the best steaks are one to 1.5-inches thick as a thinner cut is likely to get dry quicker . ‘ the texture will depend on the quality of the beef and the cut ; fillet has the best texture but the least flavour , whereas ribeye has more flavour and more fat , less texture but more flavour , ' the chef said . ‘ when it comes to the shape of the steak , try and keep it flat and a decent thickness . ‘ too thin a steak will be easy to overcook . also try to keep the shape the same throughout the whole steak as this will help to keep the cooking consistent . a rib-eye ( pictured ) has more fat and more flavour but less texture . some people like theirs blue while others don’t want to see any pink in their meat . but what are the perfect timings to cook steak the way you like it ? if you are unsure , it 's best to speak to your butcher as they will be able to give you the best advice based on the thickness and cut of meat . the cooking times below are for a 2cm thick sirloin steak . blue : 1 minute each side . the steak should be just warm and fell spongy under your fingertips . meat should still be dark in colour . rare : 1.5 minutes per side . dark red with some juice . there will be some resistance when you press the meat but it should still feel soft and bouncy . medium rare : 2 minutes per side . pink meat with pink juice . springy , soft and spongy . medium : 2.5 mins per side . your meat will be mostly cooked with only pink in the middle . the steak will feel firm . well-done : 4 to 5 minutes . there will be hardly any pink and the meat should have a bouncy , firm feel . but which cuts are the best ? or do they all have their own strengths ? ' the cut depends on individual preference , ' he said . ' the most important thing is to look out for marbling . marbling is a great way to tell the quality of the meat . the more marbling a piece of steak has means the more moist it will be . marbling means your steak is full of mono saturated fatty acid , proven to reduce cholesterol levels . it also has a low melting point , thus giving you the melt-in-the-mouth effect . when seasoning , mr mccarroll advises using coarse salt . ‘ when seasoning the beef , i would place the beef on the grill and season the top with a coarse salt ; either rock salt or maldon is good . ‘ the steak will absorb the salt and when you flip it the excess salt will fall off , which means you can season the other side . cook your steak on a grill and only flip it over once , he said . ' for me the best way to cook a steak is straight on the grill . charcoal and wood will give you the most flavour and smokiness but if you have a gas bbq that will do as well . ' ideally you should only flip your steak once , ' he continued . and while we’ve all been told various cooking times for the perfect steak , mr mccarroll says there are too many variables to have anything set in stone . ‘ cooking times will vary depending on the size of the steak , whether it is room temperature , how hot your grill is . ' there are too many variables to give a specific cooking time , ’ he said . the t-bone ( left ) gets its name from the distinctive t-shaped bone . filet mignons are prized for their tender meat although they are the least flavourful cuts .  t-bone : this cut gets its name from its distinctive t-shaped bone t-shaped bone . a succulent piece of meat which is both a strip sirloin ( bone in ) and a tender filet mignon . also known as : short loin , porterhouse , club steak . filet mignon : a cut taken from the heart of the beef tenderloin . known for it’s tenderness and texture but is not the most flavourful cut . also known as tenderloin , tournedos , cheauteubriand , beef medallion . a new york strip has good marbling and a strong flavour . top sirloin comes from the rump and is tougher . new york strip : a cut taken from towards the rear-end of the steer from just behind the ribs , this has good marbling and strong beefy flavour . an excellent cut for grilling as it has less fat . also known as : strip lon , shell steak , kansas city strip , new york strip steak . top sirloin : sirloin meat is near the rump so this might take some chewing as its much tougher than meat taken from the loin or ribs . the top sirloin however is taken from the tender centre of the sirloin . grilling it quickly will bring out its flavours best . new york strip : a cut taken from towards the rear-end of the steer from just behind the ribs , this has good marbling and strong beefy flavour . an excellent cut for grilling as it has less fat . also known as : strip loin , shell steak , kansas city strip , new york strip steak . the classic rib eye is a well-marbled piece of meat . the porterhouse is a combination of two cuts of steak .  rib eye : a classic cut , rib-eye steaks are usually well-marbled which make them one of the juiciest , melt-in-the-mouth steaks . fat is what gives this steak its flavour . also known as : scotch fillet , delmonico steak . porterhouse : a combination of two cuts , the porterhouse is a very large steak comprised of a new york strip on one side and a tender filet on the other . also known as : t-bone , short loin .  