a debate between two oklahoma roommates about whether an iphone is better than an android ended in a violent brawl with a stabbing and assault using beer bottles . jiaro mendez and elias acevedo were both found to be ' highly intoxicated ' by tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment on april 14 around 1am . the men were arguing over which phone was better , police said . the pair , covered in blood , were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body , and acevedo , 21 , has since been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon , according to the police report . scroll down for video . oklahoma roommates jiaro mendez and elias acevedo were both found to be ' highly intoxicated ' by tulsa police following the fight that broke out in the parking lot of their shared apartment ( in both frames acevedo pictured ) . acevedo ( above ) , 21 , has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon following the incident . it was not revealed in the report which of the men was a fan of the iphone or the android . ' it was a petty argument over their cell phones which one was better than the other . there was alcohol involved and it turned violent and there were some assaults that occurred , ' tulsa police cpl . dave young told newson6 . police said they responded to a report of a stabbing and found the men covered in blood who were taken to hospital where they were treated for lacerations to their body ( above scenes following the fight ) . when officers arrived at the scene , they said they found a couple of beer bottles on the ground ( above scenes from the incident as police arrest acevedo ) . mendez told police that acevedo hit him in back of the head with a beer bottle ( above scenes following the incident outside of evergreen apartments ) . mendez told police , who responded to a report of a stabbing , that acevedo had allegedly hit him in the back of the head with a beer bottle following the debate and then stole his car . when officers arrived at evergreen apartments , there were a couple of broken beer bottles on the ground as mendez was found covered in blood and had lacerations to his head and body . he was then taken to hospital as officers then went to the apartment where they found acevedo , also covered in blood with lacerations on his body following the brawl . while investigators did not reveal which man was a fan of which smartphone , it would appear acevedo was the iphone user ( above a picture of a new iphone purchase he posted onto facebook ) . both men were treated for non-life threatening injuries . the car was found a short distance from the scene parked at the apartments with a significant amount of blood spatter on the rear of it , according to authorities . police said a third man was reportedly drinking with the men but he had left the scene before they arrived . jail records showed that acevedo is being held without bond and an immigration and customs enforcement hold has been placed on him , according to the smoking gun . tulsa police cpl . dave young said : ' it was a petty argument over their cell phones , which one was better than the other ' ( above an android phone left and apple iphones right ) .