louis van gaal said that is is a great time to be a manchester united supporter after they crushed manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday . united moved four points clear of their cross-city rivals in third place in the premier league and now look set for a return to the champions league . van gaal '' s side had looked out of position all season with a string of unconvincing displays , but in recent weeks they have blown away tottenham , liverpool and now manchester city . louis van gaal thanked manchester united supporters for their patience after sunday 's derby win . united thrashed manchester city 4-2 at old trafford to move four points clear of them in third place . the dutch manager thanked supporters for their patience when results were going against the team at the start of the season . he said : ' i was very pleased because the fans are pleased and we are playing for them . the fans have not always had a good time because it started very bad . ' but still they were supporting , and now the results are coming back . it 's great to be a supporter of manchester united right now . ' we are four points ahead of the fourth place in the table and i am very happy for the fans because i have seen what it meant to them when the results were not so good . ' the dutch manager said that it is a great time to be a manchester united supporter right now . van gaal was looking forward to toasting the biggest victory of his united career at his favourite chinese restaurant in manchester . ' i can go to mr wing 's ( restaurant ) tonight , because you can do that when you win , ' van gaal said . ' when you lose , the fans say what is mr louis doing because he loses and goes out to the best restaurant . this afternoon is maybe the best feeling ( since coming to united ) . ' it was not the best performance , because we started very badly , but we regained our confidence , scored the goals and the second half was fantastic . ' at the start of the season it was not fantastic to be a united man and the fans still have supported us . marouane fellaini heads manchester united in front during the first half having initially trailed . ' this week they can go on the streets , heads up and say : ' we are the better team because goal average ( over the two derbies ) is in our favour ' . ' van gaal called the victory a ' fantastic result ' but criticised himself for leaving his side with 10 men following michael carrick 's late injury . ' it is a fantastic result and i must bring carrick off the pitch at 4-1 because he was injured . ' it was a little bit stupid of me because i want to give all my players minutes who are working very hard . ' some of my players did not know we had 10 men because the crowd was yelling . ' wayne ( rooney ) did know because he was the holding midfielder as did ashley young , but the rest was difficult . ' van gaal 's side have now won their last four league matches - against tottenham , liverpool , aston villa and manchester city - since being knocked out of the fa cup to arsenal and a top-four spot and champions league qualification now looks within their grasp . michael carrick hobbles off late in the game on sunday at old trafford after picking up an injury . ' we have made big steps in the last six games but the defeat to arsenal was very difficult for my team to stand up and maintain our confidence in the philosophy , ' van gaal said . ' but all credit to the players because they have to do it under the expectation of the fans . ' we started very badly and we were not the manchester united we have seen in the last matches . ' i do n't know why we were nervous but we could not get pressure on the ball in the beginning , but then we scored and from that moment there was more confidence in my team . ' we started to develop our pace and game plan and the second half was much better than the first half , and until the moment michael goes off the pitch we were fantastic . ' manchester city manager manuel pellegrini fended off questions about his own future after an eighth defeat for his team in all competitions since the turn of the year . manchester city boss manuel pellegrini fended off questions about his future at the etihad . ' i do n't think what happens to me is the most important thing , ' pellegrini said . ' i will continue working and try to be as near as the top of the table as we can . ' we played very well for the first 20 minutes and had two or three more clear chances to score , but the moment they scored they grew and started playing better and we made mistakes for two of their goals . ' maybe the third goal was offside and something similar happened in the last game but i 'm not talking about referees . '