a toronto tower crane operator took pictures of a raccoon that climbed almost 700 feet up a metal ladder before taking a high-altitude poop . rob macfarlane captured photos of the raccoon on his crane after it climbed about 213 meters up . macfarlane shared his first picture of ' little mac ' on social media on thursday morning after the crapping critter presumably made the climb over the course of the night . rob macfarlane shared the picture of the brave raccoon , ' little mac ' , on social media on thursday morning . the little critter climbed almost 700 feet up macfarlane 's tower crane in toronto before being photographed . he wrote : ' this critter climbed over 700 ' to crap on my machine deck . ' in the shot , mac can been see holding on to the ladder for dear life with its eyes staring wide . according to macfarlane , the animal slowly climbed to the ground without being hurt and ' found somewhere else to sleep all day ' , the toronto star reported . macfarlane has n't documented prior appearances by raccoons , but he does often post photos from his crane . he said : ' they are the tortoise in the story . ' not so fast , but efficient . ' it 's not unusual . raccoons seem to like cranes . ' macfarlane has seen raccoons on his crane before and has also found ' evidence ' of their presence in the past . he has n't documented their previous appearances , but does post photos from the crane quite often . the crane operator said : ' it 's not unusual . raccoons seem to like cranes . ' he has found their ' evidence ' before . the crane macfarlane was working on thursday stands east of the rogers centre at yonge and the esplanade . the crane he was working on stands east of the rogers centre at yonge and the esplanade in downtown toronto . in addition to pooping on cranes , raccoons also have been getting into the city 's garbage bins . the toronto city council is considering a $ 31million investment in new compost bins featuring turn-dial locks that raccoons can not open . mayor john tory said : ' we have left no stone unturned in our fight against the raccoon nation . ' defeat is not an option . '