can a child recognise their mother simply through touch and scent ? in a heart-warming video that will have you reaching for the tissues , six real-life women and their children are gathered to find out the answer . the sweet youngsters are blindfolded and asked to pick their mum out of the group , while their mothers can be seen waiting anxiously to see whether their child would recognise them . a unique connection : a heart-warming new video poses the question - can children recognise their mothers without seeing them ? mummy , is that you ? six children were blindfolded and asked to pick out their mother from a group of six women just by touch and scent . found her ! the task was designed to understand the special bond between mother and child . touchingly , the women become quite emotional as they children move tentatively along the group one by one , taking the women 's hands , touching their hair and faces . each child eventually locates their own , throwing their arms around them in recognition . the video , called the unique connection , was created by pandora to celebrate mother 's day and the special bond between mother and child . trust your instincts : the sweet youngsters were blindfolded in turn . anxious : the six mothers line up in a row , and can be seen becoming emotional as they wait to see whether their child will be able to recognise them . now you see me : the children move tentatively along the row , taking hands and touching hair and faces until their recognise their own . touching : the video was released to celebrate australian and us mother 's day on may 10 . it has so far been viewed 2.8 million times , and has even attracted the attention of celebrities . ashton kutcher shared the video on his facebook page , and wrote : ' i could watch this all day . ' mother 's day 2015 is celebrated in australia and the us on may 10 . the uk already celebrated their holiday , also called mothering sunday , in march . viral : the heart-warming video has so far been viewed 2.8 million times . 