inxs guitarist kirk pingelly and his surfing champion wife layne beachly won their case against a disgruntled neighbour who wanted to stop the redevelopment of their northern beaches home . the couples queenscliff neighbour , wendy goyer , claimed her ' small but charming view ' would be obstructed if mr pengilly and ms beachley 's addition was built . the pair 's three bedroom home was purchased in 2007 for $ 2.6 million and features extensive views of freshwater and queenscliff beaches . scroll down for video . winners are grinners : the couple have been embroiled in a legal battle over additions they 'd planned to make to their home which their neighbour argues will ' destroy ' her views . warringah council approved plans for additions to be made to the 762 square metre home back in august 2013 , despite an assessment revealing ms goyer 's views would be ' destroyed ' . in a letter to the council ms goyer said the sea views were a major reason she invested in the property , adding it gives the home charm , fairfax reported . ' i simply fell in love with the view of the ocean complete with the occasional sailing boats and whales passing , ' she wrote . the council initially suggested the couple withdraw their plans and reconsider a way they could ' preserve the views ' of the neighbouring property . the council initially suggested the couple withdraw their development and reconsider their plans in a way that could ' preserve the views ' of ms goyer 's property . mr pengilly and ms beachley said there are no possible ' practical ' alternatives that would maintain the ' unique design integrity ' of the building while also giving them the room they require ' . the couple argued ms goyer 's views are ' at best only a glimpse ' from her bedroom . mr pengilly and ms beachley argued ms goyer 's views are ' at best only a glimpse ' from her bedroom . justice rachel pepper dismissed ms goyer 's case on wednesday . she said ms goyer 's views were not ' extensive or iconic ' and that they were already at risk of being built out because of the streets subdivision arrangement . while justice pepper said she had ' sympathy ' for ms goyer , she was not in a position to challenge the development approval . subsequently , ms goyer was ordered to pay the costs of the council as well as the couple 's legal fees . the judge ruled ms goyer 's views were not ' extensive or iconic ' and they were already at risk of being built out because of the streets subdivision . 