john hughes has revealed how he came within a heartbeat of stepping down from his job at inverness as the josh meekings controversy went into overdrive this week . the caley thistle boss says he felt so repulsed by the gut-wrenching predicament being endured by his young defender - before he was dramatically cleared - that he was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves , just weeks before an historic scottish cup final date . keen cyclist hughes set off on a lonely bike ride after hearing meekings had been cited for the handball missed by officials in the semi-final against celtic , and admits his head was in a spin over an affair that has dominated the back-page headlines since last sunday . inverness defender josh meekings will be allowed to appear in scottish cup final after his ban was dismissed . only messages of support awaiting him on his return from footballing friends brought him back from the brink of quitting . hughes , who lives in the black isle just north of inverness , said : ‘ i came in here this morning after a day off . i turned my phone off and was away myself , away out on the bike with plenty of thinking time : a great freedom of mind . ‘ i was that sick of what has been going on in scottish football i was seriously contemplating my own future . i’m serious when i say that . ‘ i had just had it up to here and was ready to just give it up . if it wasn’t for what happened when i turned my phone back on , with the phone calls and texts i received from people i really value in football , that my spirits picked up again . ‘ the calls and texts came in from all over the place , from some of the highest levels across the game . i’ve had phone calls that have really got me back on my feet . ‘ i wouldn’t like to name them all , but there were a lot of good people and a good few close friends in the football fraternity . meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as inverness went on to beat celtic 3-2 after extra-time . ‘ they were saying : “ you need to lead from the front , you need to fight it . ” that restored and galvanised that focus and drive in me . and , if that was how i was feeling , how was the boy josh meekings feeling ? it should never have come to this . ’ meekings was cleared to play in the final by the judicial panel yesterday , but hughes insists this ‘unprecedented’ sfa wrangle must be the catalyst for change in scottish football’s governance . although those who sit on the panel are drawn from many walks of life , ranging from former players and coaches to ex-refs and members of the legal profession , hughes said he wants ‘ real football people’ drafted in instead of the ‘suits’ he claims lack understanding of the nuances and spirit of the professional game . and he seemed to point a thinly-veiled finger of accusation at sfa chief executive stewart regan by alleging that compliance officer tony mcglennan was a mere ‘patsy’ in the process . overwhelmed by a huge upswell of support for meekings , he said : ‘ no disrespect to those sitting on [ the judicial panel ] , but you need football guys and that’s where it’s flawed . that’s why i promised myself i’d never go back down there until that gets sorted out . ‘ the last time i appeared was when i was down at livingston . it was quite galling . you have to be qualified in what you’re judging on . there’s no one better qualified than ex-players and ex-coaches . for some reason the sfa don’t want to go down that line . why ? ‘ i couldn’t tell you who i sat in front of while at livingston , but they weren’ t football people . i’m talking about playing the game , managing the game , coaching the game . john hughes was ready to walk away from his post and the games he loves . ‘ there are hundreds of these guys i’m quite sure would go in there and do it , for the sake of football . we need to use this to make sure the whole process work better . josh’s case was unprecedented . how was that ? somebody needs to explain that to me . ‘ i know the verdict has gone in our favour but i don’t think this is finished . we need to sit down and look at the judicial panel process . ‘ i don’t believe in the panel . i promised myself a couple of years ago i wouldn’ t walk back into hampden until it changes . i would never question their integrity but i want football people sitting in judgment . ‘ they are making a football decision and i want football people . look at what is at stake . here we were talking about a young player’s chance of playing in a scottish cup final . i’d be more confident with football people because they know the game . ‘ the compliance officer is damned if he does , damned if doesn’t . is he getting used as a patsy in all this ? i honestly don’t know . ‘ how far do you take it ? we’re opening a whole can of worms here . we had a strong claim for a penalty when the goalkeeper comes through the back of edward ofere . where do you draw the line ? ‘it’s unheard of , but i honestly think there’s a little bit more to it . we can use this whole episode to make it better . ’ hughes , who accepted meekings would have warranted a red card had the ref spotted the offence , refused to point a finger of blame at former club celtic for the letter of complaint they wrote to the sfa in the aftermath . ‘ celtic keep getting flung into it , but i came in here this morning and all kristine , our receptionist , says to me is that the phone had never stopped ringing with celtic supporters wishing josh all the best and hoping he plays in the final . ‘ i believe that comes right from the top at celtic . they conduct themselves in a great manner . i had the privilege to play for that club and everything they do is class . ‘ what i will say is , in scotland , we put people up on a pedestal . we love it . it’s our character . and we love knocking them down again . ‘ but see when there has been an injustice , one thing we do in scotland is show a real solidarity to make sure we get it right . ‘that’s what i’m finding about the whole of scottish football in the reaction to this . there’s a real coming together as they all recognise this is not right . ‘ i have to be the voice of inverness . i’m not really saying [ all ] that i really want to say . i’m trying to be calculated and honest . i think there’s more to say . there’s more to it . ’ 