england will not be playing in the under 19 european championships this summer after losing 2-1 to france in their decisive final qualifier . having beaten denmark and azerbaijan in their opening elite round qualifiers , the young lions had to beat france in saint-lo to advance to july 's finals in greece . but goals from sehrou guirassy and gnaly cornet put the hosts in command and a late response from fulham 's patrick roberts was n't enough to rescue sean o'driscoll 's team . patrick roberts was on target for england 's young lions against france but it was n't enough to qualify . boosted by the return of tottenham hotspur midfielder harry winks from suspension , o'driscoll reverted to the line-up that had beaten denmark 3-2 late last week . a swirling wind in normandy made playing conditions difficult , with any long balls ineffective , and consequently the first period saw very few chances . france managed to take one of theirs , however , just after the half-hour mark . neal maupay fired the ball into a crowded penalty area and guirassy had the presence of mind to divert it past england goalkeeper angus gunn . chelsea ' izzy brown came close to equalising shortly before half-time but sent demarai gray 's cross over the bar inside the six-yard box . sean o'driscoll 's team have missed out on this summer 's european championship finals in greece . france 's second goal , five minutes into the second half , left england with a mountain to climb . maupay again provided the assist , passing to cornet to drill the ball in off the near post . the home side were almost over the finish line but there was a flicker of hope for england when roberts halved the deficit from a ruben loftus-cheek cross 11 minutes from time . but england required a further two goals because of their inferior goal difference in the group and there was to be no late drama as their euro ambitions faded .  england ( 4-1-4-1 ) : angus gunn ( manchester city ) ; ashley smith-brown ( manchester city ) , joe gomez ( charlton athletic ) , brendan galloway ( everton ) , ben chilwell ( leicester city ) ; harry winks ( tottenham hotspur ) ; patrick roberts ( fulham ) , ruben loftus-cheek ( chelsea ) , charlie colkett ( chelsea ) , demarai gray ( birmingham city ) ; izzy brown ( c ; chelsea ) . substitutions : ola aina ( chelsea ) for smith-brown 76 ; bradley fewster ( middlesbrough ) for colkett 82 . substitutes not used : freddie woodman ( newcastle united ) , alex kiwomya ( chelsea ) , aaron kuhl ( reading ) , robert dickie ( reading ) . scorer : roberts 79 . booked : colkett 58 , aina 83 . head coach : sean o’driscoll . france : florian escales , angelo fulgini , mouctar diakhaby , abdou diallo , olivier kemen ( c ) , gnaly cornet , samed kilic , neal maupay , sehrou guirassy , alex blin , lucas . substitutions : lucas tousart for kilic 46 ; benjamin pavard for kemin 67 ; ulrich nnomo for guirassy 84 . substitutes not used : bingourou kamara , nicolas senzemba , kingsley coman , lyes houri . scorers : guirassy 31 ; cornet 50 . booked : maupay 25 , kemen 45 . head coach : patrick gonfalone . referee : marco guida ( ita ) . attendance : 3,372 .  