a giant turnip weighing a whopping 33lbs and measuring 4ft long across has been grown in china's yunnan province . the monster vegetable , which weighs more than a three-year-old child , is so big it had been nicknamed the ' fat little girl ' in the village where it was grown , the people 's daily online reported . mr li claimed the specimen , which had been grown naturally without the help of any fertilizers , had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral . the mammoth turnip which weighs 33lbs and measures 1.2 metres long is so large it hangs over the flower bed . it is not the first time these outsized vegetables have turned up in china but usually they are grown by farmers using commercial fertilizers . mr li , from eshan in yunnan , said he shocked with mammoth turnip which at 4ft ( 1.2m ) long was the length of his flower bed . he explained he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market and had not used any fertilizer but was careful to water it everyday . it was grown by keen gardener mr li who claimed the specimen had become a big attraction and pictures of it have even gone viral . he explained he had just picked up some ordinary seeds from the local market and had not used any fertilizer but was careful to water it everyday . after pictures of it were posted online , one commenter wrote : ' radish , have you grown so big to become the king of radish ? ' earlier this year another giant vegetable was found growing in china 's guangdong province in a shantou village . this radish was also 33lbs in weight and measured 2ft ( 60cm ) in length . when asked about his secret to growing his prized specimens the farmer , mr chen , said : ' the most important elements for big radish is good quality fertilizer , good soil and not to grow them too tightly together and plenty of water . ' many people like to buy radish to take home during the chinese spring festival as the mandarin pronunciation of the nickname of this vegetable is ' cai tou ' which sounds like ' good start ' . the worlds 's heaviest turnip was a mammoth purple top and weighed 17.7 kg ( 39 lbs 3 oz ) . it was grown by scott and mardie robb from the us who presented it the alaska state fair in 2004 . it is not the first time these outsized vegetables have turned up in china but usually they are grown by farmers using commercial fertilizers . 