volvo teamed up with a swedish start-up to make a light reflective spray for cyclists , called life paint . volvo is known for making cars packed with safety features but it’s a low-tech safety solution for cyclists that has proved a surprising success . the car manufacturer teamed up with a sweden-based start-up to make a temporary light reflective spray for cyclists , called life paint . the paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in london were snapped up in days . and some of these are now on sale on ebay for £45 ( $ 66 ) at the time of writing . volvo launched the paint to increase the visibility of cyclists on the road . it contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights , alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark . the paint is invisible in daylight , but in the dark it reflects light in the same direction as the light source to illuminate the objects it has been sprayed on . dispensed in a spray can , the paint can be washed off , so it can also be applied to clothes , helmets , pushchairs , dog leads and obviously , bikes . a trial began in london bike shops on 2 april to gauge public interest and 2,000 cans were given away free as word of the popular product spread . at the time , volvo said that if the paint proved a hit , the project ‘ will expand nationally and internationally’ . a spokesman told mailonline that the company is ‘ extremely pleased with the response’ and experts at volvo 's headquarters in stockholm are discussing whether the product could be sold , and is comparable with volvo 's auto offering . scroll down for videos . the paint contains powder-fine reflective particles designed to react to a car’s headlights , alerting drivers to the presence of cyclists in the dark . it washes off but can last for days on bike frames ( pictured ) . life paint is a reflective safety spray . it’s invisible by daylight but reflects light in the dark . designed to react to a car’s headlights , the spray reflects light in the same direction as the light source - shining brightly and alerting drivers to a cyclist’s presence . it washes off completely and won’t mark surfaces , so it can be used on clothing , helmets , metal frames and even pets’ collars . the paint lasts approximately one week after application , depending on surface it’s sprayed upon and how much a user applies . however , there are no immediate plans to sell the paint . consequently , information about how much it may retail for has not been revealed , but there is still a chance cyclists might be able to buy life paint in the future in cycling shops or even at volvo garages . the lack of concrete plans has led cyclists eager to try the paint to attempt to get hold of some on ebay , where cans are on currently on sale for £45 ( $ 66 ) . but in fact , savvy shoppers can try a similar spray for less than £18 . life paint is made by a swedish start-up called albedo 100 . it currently sells four different types of spray : a light-reflective spray for metal , wood and plastic , an invisible reflective spray for textiles , a pale grey version of the same kind , and even a light-reflective spray for pets on its website . all of them are temporary and can be washed off . the paint has proved so popular that the trial cans up for grabs at certain cycling shops in london were snapped up in days , some of which are now on sale on ebay ( pictured ) for £45 ( $ 66 ) at the time of writing . dispensed in a spray can , the paint can be washed off meaning it can be applied to clothes , helmets , pushchairs , dog leads and obviously , bikes ( pictured ) . the life paint project forms part of volvo’s aim to improve safety for drivers and those outside of its cars . the company’s xc90 model , which goes on sale in the uk in june , will feature a system called intellisafe . it uses a combination of radar sensors and cameras to identify other vehicles , pedestrians and cyclists . the life paint project forms part of volvo’s aim to improve safety on the roads . the company’s xc90 model ( pictured ) , which goes on sale in the uk in june , will feature a system called intellisafe that uses a combination of radar sensors and cameras to identify other vehicles , pedestrians and cyclists . life paint ( pictured on a bike 's chain and spokes ) is made by a swedish start-up called albedo 100 . the firm currently sells four different types of spray on its website . it automatically brakes if the driver fails to take the necessary action , while active bending headlights search around corners to provide drivers with better visibility to spot vulnerable cyclists at night . volvo said that intellisafe provided the inspiration for lifepaint . ‘ every year more than 19,000 cyclists are injured on the uk’s roads , ’ said nick connor , managing director at volvo car uk . ‘ at volvo , we believe that the best way to survive a crash is not to crash at all , and are committed to making the roads a safer place by reducing the number of accidents . ‘ volvo is a world-leader in safety technology , and we are proud to be extending our reach beyond just those driving our cars . ‘ by making cyclists increasingly visible as well as increasing the safety capabilities of our cars , we are doing our utmost to protect everyone on the road . ’ life paint is made by a swedish start-up called albedo 100 , which sells four different types of spray : a light-reflective spray for metal , wood and plastic , an invisible reflective spray for textiles , a pale grey version of the same kind , and even a light-reflective spray for pets ( shown in the video above ) . nissan has trialled technology that means cars could glow-in-the-dark on the roads to become more visible . the japanese car manufacturer has become the first to apply uv absorbing paint on a production car . the ‘ultraviolet-energised paint’ on the nissan leaf electric car is a demonstration of a secret paint formula made up of organic materials . nissan has become the first car to manufacturer to apply uv absorbing paint on a production car . the 'ultraviolet-energised paint ' on the nissan leaf electric car is a demonstration of a secret paint formula made up of organic materials . use the slider , above to see the car glow after dark . known as starpath , the paint is applied by spraying and absorbs uv energy from the sun throughout the day . it is able to glow for between eight and 10 hours when the sun goes down . the paint is the brainchild of surrey-based inventor hamish scott , who is already trialling glow-in-the-dark cycle paths in cambridge . it’s made from very rare earth materials , including strontium aluminate , which is solid , odourless and chemically and biologically inert . however , the paint option wo n't be a choice for future customers because the ingredients mean it is unlikely to be used on a large scale .