their chipotle lunch became a media storm . but that was just the start for hillary clinton 's most trusted aide huma abedin . and so , relishing her final taste of freedom before the presidential campaign kicks off , the notoriously low-profile staffer enjoyed a family day out in new york - with another mexican bite . the 38-year-old was spotted with her husband , disgraced former congressman anthony weiner , and two-year-old son jordan tucking into her second spicy menu of the week on saturday afternoon . scroll down for video . before the campaign heats up : hillary clinton 's aide huma abedin ( left ) was spotted grabbing a mexican lunch with husband anthony weiner and three-year-old son jordan at quaint tortaria in new york on saturday . low profile : weiner ( second left ) and adebin wore baseball caps as they enjoyed their lunch with their son . weiner had swung his cap backwards for the dining portion . skipping chipotle : their restaurant of choice was two doors down from the popular fast food mexican diner . abedin and clinton were seen ordering a burrito bowl and a salad in an iowa chipotle this week but came under fire after staff complained abedin did not put any change in the tip jar . chipotle does not always have tip jars . the family was pictured inside at a table , where weiner swung his new york mets baseball cap backwards while he ate . it is just a few days after abedin and clinton were spotted , sunglasses on , in an iowa branch of fast food favorite chipotle . grabbing a burrito bowl and a salad , the pair dashed back out to the ' scooby van ' - and failed to pay a tip . this time , with her boss out of sight , abedin side-stepped chipotle and opted instead for a more upmarket eatery next door : tortaría . weiner and abedin both wore baseball caps in the restaurant off union square , where tortas range from $ 7.50 to $ 11 . as well as food served at the table , customers can also buymexican fare to use at home . weiner , a former congressman , fell from grace after sending explicit images to women over twitter . he ordered the family 's food as his wife sat with headphones in listening to a conference call . abedin 's husband weiner is the disgraced former congressman who was caught sending explicit images to women over twitter 's private message system . the couple stayed together throughout the saga in 2011 . the family will no doubt have to ride out more storms with fierce republican campaigns against hillary . classy : the restaurant also doubles as a bodega , selling mexican-inspired pantry staples . keen to get going : abedin looks back as weiener brings up the rear , holding his son 's scooter and helmet in one hand . it was a quiet and relaxed day for the family as they embark on a doubtless hectic journey toward the 2016 election . rand paul quipped on saturday that the clinton campaign will require two planes wherever they go - ' one for her entourage , and one for her baggage ' . ' i 'm concerned that the plane with the baggage is really getting heavy and teetering , ' paul said . opinions were divided over whether the former secretary of state nailed her attempt to woo middle america with her tour of iowa . not the only one with a taste for mexican : marco rubio also dipped into chipotle for lunch the other day . in a bid to win over the everyman , she met with voters and laid out her vision for a campaign to be a champion for the average american . and , of course , visited chipotle . clinton is not the only presidential hopeful who has been seen tucking into mexican fast food on the trail as they each try to court hispanic and low-income voters . republican hopeful marco rubio has also grabbed a chipotle lunch . jeb bush , however , admits that is not on his to-do list - as he and his colombian wife cook ' authentic ' mexican food at home . 