margaret gretton has been banned from classrooms for labelling an asian job applicant ' taliban ' and calling special needs pupils ' roadkill ' . a primary school headteacher has been banned from classrooms for labelling an asian job applicant ' taliban ' after referring to special needs pupils as ' roadkill ' . margaret gretton , 46 , has been barred indefinitely from the profession after she referred to the applicant as a member of the terror group and talked of ' bombs and blowing up the school ' in an asian accent . a disciplinary panel of the national college for teaching and leadership in coventry ruled ms gretton ' exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability ' . the panel said she showed no remorse for ' deliberate ' and ' repeated ' actions while head of burton joyce primary school in nottingham . they heard that she had mocked special needs students by referring to them as ' cuckoo ' and said she did n't want to encourage children ' like that ' to come to the school . she even displayed a golly magnet in her office and made ' monkey noises ' on one occasion when talking about black people . her shocking behaviour continued over a ' sustained period of time ' while she was headteacher of the school from september 2007 until november 2013 . the panel concluded ms gretton ' displayed racist attitudes and behaviour in that - on one or more occasions you inappropriately commented in relation to a photograph of a male asian job applicant . ' it said her comments included ' would you hire me…i 'm in the taliban ' , or words to that effect , referring to the man as ' mohammed ' , or words to that effect , and referring to ' bombs and blowing up the school ' , or words to that effect , in an asian accent . a teacher at the school , named only as staff member e , told the panel that ms gretton said to her , unprompted : ' do you like black men ? ' the teacher said she was ' taken aback ' by the question , but added that it did not bother her , and her mother 's partner was black and from jamaica . she told the panel that ms gretton then ' burst out laughing and said words to the effect of ' does he have big lips ? ... does he look like a monkey ? ' and then went on to make monkey noises . ' the headteacher denied making the comments , but the panel said it was ' satisfied on the balance of probabilities that the comments , or words similar to them , were made by ms gretton . ' the panel also found that she ' expressed inappropriate and discriminatory attitudes towards sen [ special educational needs ] pupils in the presence of school staff . ' the panel said ' exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability ' while head of burton joyce primary school in nottingham ( pictured ) . they said she had used the word ' cuckoo ' or words to that affect and said ' we do n't want to encourage children like that to come here . ' she was also found to have ' deliberately tried to upset ' a special needs pupil , ' frightened him ' , and ' tried to make him cry . ' witness g gave evidence to the panel that on one occasion in 2010 a pupil would not come out from underneath a table and was disrupting the lesson so , as a teaching assistant , she asked ms gretton for assistance . she told the panel that ' ms gretton said ' it 's like something from one flew over the cuckoo 's nest ' and said ' cuckoo , cuckoo ' whilst twirling her finger at the side of her head . ' a special education needs co-ordinator , who also gave evidence to the panel , said that during a discussion in 2010 about creating a disabled parking space at the school car park she mentioned that ms gretton 's parking space was the obvious place to put it . however she said that ms gretton said : ' we do n't want to encourage people like that here . ' ms gretton was also found to have bullied members of staff which the panel described as ' wholly unacceptable . ' it concluded : ' the panel considered that ms gretton was not acting under duress , she lacked any insight into her behaviour and demonstrated no remorse . her shocking behaviour continued over a ' sustained period of time ' while she was headteacher of the school ( pictured ) from september 2007 until november 2013 . ' her actions towards staff and pupils were deliberate , repeated and over a sustained period of time . ms gretton seriously abused her position of power and trust within the school . ' after the panel made its recommendations paul heathcote , acting on behalf of the secretary of state , decided to prohibit ms gretton from teaching indefinitely . he said : ' this is a case where the teacher has exhibited clear intolerance on the grounds of race , as well as disability . ' he added : ' there has been no effort made by ms gretton to remedy the attitudinal deficiencies which have led her to behave in the way in which she did . ' describing his decision to prohibit the woman from teaching he said : ' this means that ms margaret leandra gretton is prohibited from teaching indefinitely and can not teach in any school , sixth form college , relevant youth accommodation or children 's home in england . ' furthermore , in view of the seriousness of the allegations found proved against her , i have decided that ms margaret leandra gretton shall not be entitled to apply for restoration of her eligibility to teach . ' ms gretton has right of appeal to the queen 's bench division of the high court , until 28 days after she was given notice of the order . 