a clock based on a design from 300 years ago has stunned experts by keeping accurate to a second for 100 days . the modern-day martin burgess clock b is based on john harrison 's 18th century clock , which he thought up to solve the problem of determining longitude at sea . it has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory , in greenwich , to see if the claim - that the clock would neither lose nor gain more than a second in 100 days - was true . the martin burgess clock b ( left ) , which is based on a design by carpenter john harrison ( right ) from 300 years ago , has stunned experts by keeping accurate to a second for 100 days . the clock , which was built using modern materials , was initially set ticking a year ago after being strapped to one of the observatory 's supporting pillars . but it quickly became apparent the trial would be a success and wax seals were placed on its case so its accuracy could be verified , the independent on sunday reported . the time was measured using a radio-controlled clock , which received the national time signal , and the bt speaking clock . jonathan betts , a member of the antiquarian horological society , said : ' as soon as we set the clock running it was clear that it was performing incredibly well , so then we got the case sealed because nobody was going to believe how well the clock was running . ' he added that the clock was not a replica of harrison 's , but used his design and concept . ' it is important to realise his design goes against everything the establishment has claimed is the best throughout history , ' mr betts added . the modern-day clock has since been certified by the guinness world records , which the national maritime museum confirmed on twitter . the martin burgess b clock has been part of a 100-day trial at the royal observatory ( above ) , in greenwich , to see if the claim - that the clock would neither lose nor gain more than a second in 100 days - was true . the clock has since been certified by the guinness world records . when it was measured it was reading utc time to within a quarter of a second . the national maritime museum confirmed the record on twitter yesterday . it wrote : ' our 100 day trail of `` clock b '' won @ gwr for `` most accurate mechanical clock with a pendulum swinging in free air '' ! ' rory mcevoy , the observatory’s curator of horology , added : ‘ what we’ve seen here is something approaching a perfect clock , but we are not there yet . ’ harrison died in 1776 . he has since been the subject of dava sobel 's bestselling book longitude , as well as a film with the same name starring michael gambon ( right ) and jeremy irons ( left ) . john harrison was a carpenter born in 1693 in lincolnshire . in the early 18th century a lot of royal navy ships were being lost at sea . although latitude was relatively easy to determine using the sun , longitude was harder . the problem was considered so important parliament offered financial rewards of up to £20,000 to anyone who solved it . clockmakers argued that a heavy pendulum bob and short swing would be the best . but harrison dismissed this theory and thought a clock with a lighter pendulum bob and wide swing would work better . he designed his first clock in 1713 aged 20 . his ' longitude ' clock , which was the basis of the martin burgess clock b , would solve the problem of determining longitude at sea , he claimed . by knowing the amount of time the ship had been at sea and the local time by using the sun , sailors would be able to determine longitude accurately . local time is one hour ahead for every 15 degrees of longitude east and one hour behind for every 15 degrees of longitude west . he was not taken seriously by any of his contemporaries and the possibilities of his clock were not explored until the 20th century . harrison died in 1776 . he has since been the subject of dava sobel 's bestselling book longitude , as well as a film with the same name starring michael gambon and jeremy irons .