a gun trafficker for convicted killer aaron hernandez said he was ' awed ' by the former new england patriots star when he sent him an assault rifle and a pair of handguns a month before odin lloyd’s killing . oscar ' papoo ' hernandez jr - no relation to the disgraced nfl player - has pleaded guilty to weapons charges in connection to his infamous namesake’s murder case . earlier this month , aaron hernandez , 25 , was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole for first-degree murder of the semi-professional football player in 2013 . scroll down for video . bad bro-mance : oscar hernandez jr ( left ) , 24 , said he was ' awed ' by new england patriots star aaron hernandez ( right ) and ' grateful to be noticed ' when the football player paid him $ 15,000 for three guns . unfortunate timing : oscar hernandez shipped his namesake a rifle and two handguns in april 2013 - a month before the nfl player shot dead odin lloyd ( pictured on screen in court ) . hernandez had been a rising star in the nfl with a $ 41million contract when he was arrested in june of that year . in a sentencing memo in oscar hernandez’s weapons case released this week to boston herald the 24-year-old florida man stated that he was blinded by the football player 's fame , ' grateful to be noticed [ by him ] , and had no way of anticipating the terrible events which would follow . ' although oscar hernandez was never called to testify against aaron hernandez during his trial earlier this month , his lawyer wrote in the memorandum to judge william young that his client was beaten by fellow inmates at the wyatt detention center ' after having been incorrectly listed as a government witness . ' following the attack , oscar hernandez spent some time in solitary confinement at the rhode island jail . mr hernandez , a father from belle glen , florida , is now facing up to 30 months in prison after pleading guilty in january to charges of transporting firearms across state lines ; obstruction of justice ; lying to a federal grand jury and witness tampering . justice for odin : the 25-year-old athlete ( left ) was found guilty april 15 of first-degree murder in the 2013 shooting death of the semi-professional football player ( right ) . the confessed gun smuggler was scheduled to be sentenced monday , but judge young has delayed the punishment phase until may 5 . public defender charles mcginty , who represents hernandez , is seeking a sentence of one year and one day for his client . investigators said the florida resident shipped three guns including feg 7.62x39 hungarian rifle , to aaron hernandez in the spring of 2013 . the weapons had been stashed inside a beat-up toyota camry that was found in the football player 's garage in north attleboro , massachusetts . a friend of oscar hernandez testified during the nfl star’s trial that the gun trafficker purchased the weapons april 16 , 2013 , five days after aaron transferred $ 15,000 into his account . oscar hernandez was arrested april 17 , 2014 , and indicted by a grand jury in massachusetts on gun trafficking charges . back behind bars : following the sentencing phase , hernandez was handcuffed and returned to jail . he has since been transferred to a maximum-security facility . the indictment stated that the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives had traced three guns that had been recovered during the investigation of odin lloyd 's killing . the atf determined that all three guns were purchased in florida in april 2013 . massachusetts officials said they have been unable to find the gun used to kill lloyd , which they 've identified as a .45-caliber glock . none of the three guns mentioned in oscar hernandez 's indictment is a .45-caliber glock . meanwhile , his notorious namesake was transferred last week to the maximum security state souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley to begin serving his life sentence . aaron hernandez is also awaiting a trial date for the 2012 homicides of daniel de abreu and safiro furtado .