a fugitive treasure hunter who took gold worth millions of dollars from a shipwreck before spending years on the run is finally facing jail . tommy thompson has agreed to go to prison rather than reveal details about the valuable haul he recovered from the ss central america . in 1988 the 62-year-old led an excursion to the vessel , known as the ship of gold , which sank off the carolina coast in 1857 laden with 21 tons of gold . tommy thompson , 62 , left , and girlfriend alison antekeier , 42 , have both admitted contempt of court in columbus , ohio . gold bars taken from the ss central america which sank during a hurricane in 1857 . around 400 people drowned in the 19th-century shipwreck . thompson , then an oceanic engineer at battelle memorial institute in columbus , and his crew brought up thousands of bars and coins , much of them later sold to a gold marketing group in 2000 for about $ 50 million . he was accused of cheating his 161 investors , who paid $ 12.7 million to find the ship , out of the proceeds . in civil proceedings brought by a number of the backers they claimed the find was worth up to $ 260 million . columbus attorney rick robol , who at one time defended thompson 's company , said there was no proof thompson stole anything . thompson and his girlfriend , alison antekeier , 42 , failed to appear in court in 2012 and abandoned their florida mansion . a man who had worked for the couple later discovered wads of cash hidden in the pipes and a book called how to be invisible at the property . thompson and antekeir were arrested in january after u.s. marshals tracked them down to the boco raton hotel in florida . they were said to have been staying there for more than a year and using fake names , according to u.s. marshals . ' thompson was smart — perhaps one of the smartest fugitives ever sought by the u.s . marshals , along with almost limitless resources and approximately a 10-year head start , ' u.s . marshal michael tobin said when the pair were found . the couple , both wearing orange jumpsuits and chains , admitted contempt of court at the federal courthouse in columbus , ohio , after reaching a plea bargains . ' this case started with willful disobedience of a judge 's order to appear in court and ended when the u.s . marshals service got their man and woman , ' prosecutors reportedly said , according to the columbus dispatch . an artists impression of the ss central america sinking off the carolina coast in 1857 . thompson is said to be facing no more than two years in custody after he agreed to hand over $ 435,380 in cash that was found with the couple , the newspaper reported . but under the deal he will not have to testify about the gold haul he discovered in the historic shipwreck . assistant u.s. attorney douglas squires recommended antekeier serve no prison time . thompson was remanded into custody ahead of sentencing , but his girlfriend was released on bail .