there was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week , as an honoree slipped off the stage and nearly crushed musicians in the orchestra pit . harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas , but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage . tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness . according to ktrk news , which was filming the event , poe fell into a net covering the orchestra pit and luckily no one was hurt below . scroll down for video . caught on camera : there was more drama than expected at a thespian awards ceremony this week , as an awardee slipped off the stage and nearly crushed musicians in the orchestra pit . going , going , gone : harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas , but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage . the young bow tie-wearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium . however , he appeared to be a little shaken up from his fall as he proceeded to give his acceptance speech . ' thank you ! at least i 'm alive , ' poe chuckled , while the packed auditorium continued to cheer . red-faced : the young bow tie-wearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium - ' thank you ! at least i 'm alive , ' poe chuckled . ' he 's just practicing to be jennifer lawrence one day , you know - tripping off the oscar stage , ' a news anchor later said of poe 's faux pas . ironically , poe was recognized for playing paul in his school 's production of a chorus line . in the musical , paul falls and suffers a knee injury during a tap dancing audition and is carried off to hospital . luckily , poe did not require medical treatment this time around . the 13th annual tommy tune awards will air on abc-13 on sunday , june 21 at 12pm .