fireman stephen hunt , 38 , died after he and a colleague got into difficulties battling a fire started at paul 's hair world in manchester 's northern quarter on july 13 , 2013 . a 16-year-old girl charged with arson after she discarded a cigarette causing a city centre shop blaze which claimed the life of a firefighter had the charge dropped today after a judge said she was ' guilty only of being careless ' . fireman stephen hunt , 38 , lost his life tackling the inferno which began at paul 's hair world in manchester 's northern quarter almost two years ago . the girl - who was just 15 at the time - is said to have dropped a cigarette to the floor while standing near the shop 's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight . she was originally charged with arson being reckless as to whether life was endangered , but was cleared having been due to stand trial on monday . after more than a year of legal wrangling , with scientists initially stating that the fire could not have been started accidentally , further investigation led to the conclusion a discarded cigarette could have been the cause . more than 60 firefighters battled the blaze , which erupted on july 13 , 2013 , as frightened passers-by watched on . father-of-two mr hunt , of whitefield , manchester , and another fireman , got into difficulties while tackling the fire and they were rushed to hospital where mr hunt was pronounced dead . at manchester crown court , prosecutor alexander leach said thin and damaged cardboard boxes and paper labels stored behind the fire door at the business may well have caught fire if a cigarette was discarded . he said : ' combined with the suggestion that boxes may have been on top of the smouldering cigarette , compressing and containing the heat , this made it more likely items would ignite . the salon was totally gutted when an inferno started by a discarded cigarette ripped through it . the 16-year-old girl who started the fire was today told she will not face trial for arson as she had only been ' careless ' . the family of stephen hunt visit the scene where he died . the girl who started the fire is said to have dropped a cigarette while standing near the shop 's fire exit which rolled underneath the door and set boxes alight . firefighters enter the remains of music venue nq live in manchester which was also destroyed by the fire ( left ) . dozens of floral tributes to fireman stephen hunt were left at the scene ( right ) . ' it was a hot day and there was a gap beneath the door and as a result experts were unable to exclude a chimney effect as air was drawn under the gap underneath the door and the fire began . ' the conclusion is the crown 's case , which had previously been based on scientific evidence which excluded accidental ignition , can no longer be sustained , so i offer no evidence . ' the teenager , who did not attend court , was initially arrested along with another 15-year-old girl but she was the only one charged . throwing the case out , judge michael henshell said : ' i spent some time reading the papers and reports and it is perfectly obvious this terrible and tragic case demonstrates the danger and potential danger from discarded cigarettes . a fireman patrols the scene in manchester 's northern quarter where his colleague was killed . more than 1,000 firefighters , emergency service staff and members of the public lined the streets of bury for mr hunt 's funeral . more than 60 firefighters battled the blaze , which erupted on july 13 , 2013 , as passers-by watched on . ' this was discarded without any thought and as a result a fire started in circumstances which were particular to the site in question , resulting in extensive damage and costing the life of a man who , as part of his employment , was there to protect life and property . ' it was a terrible consequence for a thoughtless act . the girl who had been charged and faced trial was , in fact , blameless so far as criminal law is concerned and guilty only of being careless . ' in september 2013 more than 1,000 firefighters , emergency service staff and members of the public lined the streets of bury for mr hunt 's funeral . in a tribute to him at his funeral , his son sam said : ' to me , he was n't just my dad but my hero , my role model and my best friend . ' following the hearing today , a spokesperson for greater manchester fire and rescue service said : ' we have made no comment on any aspect of the incident and are unlikely to do so until the coroner 's inquest into stephen 's death has concluded . ' safe to say we continue to work with everyone involved in various investigations to find the truth of what happened , not least for stephen 's family but for everyone involved and especially our firefighters . '