rotor volgograd , one of russia 's leading clubs in the 1990s and who famously beat manchester united in the uefa cup 20 years ago , have been wound up after going bankrupt . the team from the volga region of russia were competing in the second division in the southern zone , which is effectively russian football 's third tier . volgograd is one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 world cup although rotor did not play at the victory arena which will have a capacity of 45,000 spectators . rotor volgograd have been wound up after going bankrupt - picture shows the russian outfit take on david beckham ( pictured ) and his then manchester united team-mates in 1995 . rotor volgograd celebrate after their surprise uefa cup triumph against manchester united in 1995 . sir alex ferguson checks his watch during man united 's defeat on away goals against rotor volgograd . a manchester united side containing the likes of david beckham , paul scholes and roy keane were eliminated from the first round of the uefa cup in 1995 . manchester united drew 0-0 with rotor in russia before their elimination from europe 's second tier competition on away goals . the english side crashed out of europe despite paul scholes and peter schmeichel 's goals at old trafford . ' the volgograd region 's administration have signed an official document concerning the bankruptcy of rotor , ' the club 's website stated ( www.rotor-fc.com ) . in april a ' new ' amateur club , which will also be known as rotor volgograd , will take part in the russian third division . ' over time , the volgograd region 's administration plan to turn rotor volgograd into a legally binding structure , which will allow them to compete at a professional level , ' the club added . rotor , founded in 1929 , finished runners-up in the russian premier league in 1993 and 1997 . in september 1995 they knocked a united side containing the likes of david beckham , paul scholes and roy keane , out of the uefa cup at the first round stage . after a 0-0 draw in russia , rotor drew 2-2 at old trafford to go through on away goals . in 2005 rotor lost their professional status but were reformed a year later and have since been competing in the lower divisions . ex-red devils goalkeeper peter schmeichel scored in manchester united 's 2-2 draw with rotor volgograd .