claims by the country 's biggest food bank network that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday . after the labour party and trades union congress seized on the figure , with shadow work and pensions secretary rachel reeves describing it as ' shocking ' , the trussell trust admitted in a climbdown that ' these are not all unique users ' . it emerged last night that its true number of users is likely to be no more than half a million – and possibly lower still . scroll down for video . it emerged last night that the true number of food bank users is likely to be no more than half a million . file image used . the claim was widely reported by newspapers , while the bbc ran a headline on its website stating : ' food banks used by `` more than one million people '' . ' but the corporation also retreated yesterday , toning down its coverage as the one million figure unravelled . in the announcement of its food bank users , the trussell trust – which has 445 food banks run in its name – declared that ' more than one million people received three days ' food ' . however the trust has now acknowledged that the claim was based on the number of food parcels given out , and not the number of individuals asking for help . it admitted that fewer than half its claimants come forward only once , and 15 per cent make more than three visits to a food bank in a year . it said that the average claimant uses two of the vouchers that entitle them to a food parcel in a year . the trust , a charity which has expanded rapidly in recent years and which aspires to run a food bank in every town , found itself under fire from tories over its claims . claims by the trussell trust that it served a million hungry people in a year were exposed as false yesterday . charlie elphicke , the conservative candidate for dover and deal , said : ' their use of unverified figures is irresponsible and borders on scaremongering . food bank usage is a serious issue – not something that should be used and misused for pr purposes . what the trussell trust would do better to highlight is that the best route out of poverty is to get a good job that gives you a regular pay packet . ' one fact-checking think-tank , full fact , said last night : ' the claim that over a million people are using trussell trust food banks is inaccurate . ' it comes from confusing the number of different people using trussell trust food banks in a year with the number of times they use the food banks . ' full fact said that even trussell trust 's figures for the number of food parcels handed out – from 913,138 in the 2013/14 financial year to 1,084,604 in the financial year which ended in march – did not mean that demand for free food was going up . it said the increase may reflect that more people are becoming aware of food banks , or people who were already in need have taken advantage of the opening of a new food bank in their neighbourhood . trussell trust chairman chris mould said : ' the number of times people were given three days of emergency food rose over a million during the year . ' some of those people have eaten that food on more than one occasion during the year . we should not lose sight of the fact that a large and increasing number of people have been referred to food banks . ' mr mould added that the charity would review the way its publishes its figures in future .  