the snp will help make ed miliband prime minister even if labour finish 40 seats behind the tories at the general election , nicola sturgeon said last night . the scottish first minister said she would form an anti-tory alliance with labour and other smaller parties regardless of how many mps david cameron wins on may 7 . while mr miliband has ruled out going into coalition with the snp , ms sturgeon 's remarks raise the prospect of labour ruling as a minority government - despite winning fewer votes and seats than the tories . protesters wearing masks of snp leader nicola sturgeon hold placards outside chatham house , a foreign affairs think-tank , where labour leader ed miliband delivered a speech in london this morning . the snp could win as many as 50 mps in scotland - allowing mr miliband to become prime minister even if he falls far short of a majority . her comments came as labour slipped four points behind the tories in the latest polls - with david cameron 's tories moving to 36 per cent . however , the snp could win as many as 50 mps in scotland - allowing mr miliband to become prime minister even if he falls far short of a majority . ms sturgeon was asked on bbc2 's newsnight whether her party would be ready to prop up a labour government if the party had fewer seats than the conservatives . she replied : ' yes . even if the tories are the largest party , if there is an anti tory majority , my offer to labour is to work together to keep the tories out . ' asked if this would remain her position even if mr cameron had 30 more mps than mr miliband , she confirmed : ' if there is an anti tory majority , yes , that 's what i 've been saying all along - i 'm not sure why there 's any confusion about it - that we would work with labour to stop the tories getting into downing street . ' and if the margin was as wide as 40 mps , she said : ' if they ca n't command a majority they ca n't be a government , that 's the basic rule of how governments are formed i 'd have thought . ' the snp leader nicola sturgeon - campaigning in glasgow today - said she would help make ed miliband prime minister even if labour finish 40 seats behind the tories . ms sturgeon was pictured with three-year-old kitty macdonald and snp candidate for glasgow south stewart mcdonald during a visit to glazed , a ceramic painting studio in the city . ms sturgeon also rejected an independent study which said there was a ' significant disconnect ' between the snp 's claims to be an anti-austerity party and plans that implied it would be spending less than labour by 2019/20 . the institute for fiscal studies accused the major parties of keeping voters ' in the dark ' by spelling out only the ' broad outlines ' of their tax and spend plans following the may 7 poll , though it singled out the liberal democrats for being more transparent than their rivals about their intentions . ed miliband , pictured in chatham house , central london today , could become prime minister even if he wins fewer votes and mps than david cameron . the thinktank 's deputy director carl emmerson said : ' there are genuinely big differences between the main parties ' fiscal plans . ' the electorate has a real choice , although it can at best see only the broad outlines of that choice . ' conservatives say they would eliminate the deficit by 2017/18 and start to run a surplus while labour says it will reduce the deficit each year and balance the books ' as soon as possible ' during the five-year term . the ifs said the tory plans were ' predicated on substantial and almost entirely unspecified spending cuts and tax increases ' , and could involve ' further real cuts to unprotected departments of around £30 billion ' . labour 's plans were consistent with a pledge not to borrow for day-to-day spending but ' would leave borrowing at £26 billion a year in today 's terms ' , it said . the ifs said the liberal democrats had been more transparent about overall fiscal plans to 2017-18 , revealing that they are aiming for tightening more than labour but less than the conservatives . while the snp would ' cut less to start with ' , the implication of the plans spelt out in their manifesto would be that the ' period of austerity would be longer than under the other three parties we consider ' , it said . responding to the comments , liberal democrat leader nick clegg said ms sturgeon was going to ' ignore the will of the people ' , if she chose to support the smaller of the two main parties at westminster . he added : ' she 's going to ignore how people vote and she 's just going to insist on her personal preference . ' she told the bbc 's newsnight that ' if [ the conservatives ] ca n't command a majority , they ca n't be a government ' . ms sturgeon has repeatedly said she would work with labour to ' get rid of the tories ' if the snp had enough mps . the prime minister , speaking in lincoln with the foreign secretary william hague , has called that prospect on an snp-labour alliance ' frightening ' and claimed it would lead to ' economic ruin ' . conservative leader david cameron has called that prospect ' frightening ' and said it would lead to ' economic ruin ' . while the snp had only six mps at westminster in the last parliament , recent polls suggest they could win the majority of scotland 's 59 seats . that could leave the party holding the balance of power if the election resulted in a hung parliament .