ronan ghosh , 39 , stole £200 worth of meat and wine from a tesco store in birmingham , court heard . a millionaire company director was caught on cctv shoplifting £200 worth of meat and wine from a tesco supermarket . ronan ghosh , 39 , was filmed attempting to smuggle the goods out of the store in a bag after paying for other items at the checkout . the company boss heads a global recycling company with a turnover of £16million , lives in a £500,000 home in an exclusive neighbourhood and runs two bmws . but a court heard that he was caught shoplifting after heading to a tesco store following an argument with his girlfriend . his own barrister told the judge the offence ‘ beggars belief’ . ghosh initially elected trial by jury but he then pleaded guilty to theft . judge murray creed imposed a 12-month community order on ghosh and told him to complete 80 hours’ unpaid work and pay £575 costs . birmingham crown court heard on tuesday that ghosh visited the tesco store in stratford road , south birmingham , on february 21 and was captured on its security cameras selecting items , including meat and bottles of wine , which he put into a bag . lal amarasinghe , prosecuting , said he then went to the checkout and paid for shopping that was in his trolley , but not for what was in the bag . ghosh was detained by a security guard and police were called . in 2009 , the businessman set up rg recycling – based in solihull , west midlands – after more than a decade working in the plant and recycling industry . charnjit jutla , defending , told the court the firm supplies ‘high-value machinery for the recycling industry’ . he added : ‘ it is a global business . it has a yearly turnover of £16million . it beggars belief as to why he finds himself in this court . he accepts full responsibility for what he has done . ’ mr jutla said ghosh , who lives in a tree-lined road in solihull , was ‘ disappointed with himself and shocked and embarrassed’ . on the day of the theft , his father had told him his mother had been diagnosed with skin cancer and that had ‘ worried him a lot’ . mr jutla said there was also a will being discussed within the family which had put considerable strain on him . ghosh told police he had visited the tesco store after having an argument with his girlfriend . he claimed he had not intended to steal the goods . ghosh , who lives in a luxury £550,000 house in leafy solihull , initially elected trial by jury at birmingham crown court but then pleaded guilty to theft . he was given a 12-month community order and must pay £575 in costs . one neighbour of ghosh said yesterday : ‘ he has two really nice cars – bmws . it’s bizarre that he would do something like shoplifting . he seems really nice and pleasant . ’ a number of people in the public eye have been accused of shoplifting . in 2012 , celebrity chef antony worrall thompson was cautioned by police after being caught stealing cheese , onions and discounted coleslaw during five shoplifting episodes in 16 days at a tesco store in henley-on-thames , oxfordshire . the father-of-four later said counselling sessions had identified childhood abuse as a possible trigger for the shoplifting spree . sue terry , the mother of chelsea and former england football captain john terry , was cautioned along with his mother-in-law , sue poole , in 2009 after being caught with £800 of food and clothes from tesco and marks & spencer in weybridge , surrey . in 1990 , tv presenter richard madeley was accused of taking wines , spirits and soap powder from a tesco store in didsbury , south manchester . he was cleared the following year . 