saudi prince alwaleed bin talal has pledged to give 100 bentleys to saudi pilots who took part in air strikes against rebels advancing in yemen . a saudi prince has promised to give a free bentley to every pilot involved in the yemen air strikes , as bombing raids in the country appeared to resume despite a pledge that they would stop . saudi arabian forces launched air strikes on yemen a month ago to stop advances from the shiite houthi rebels , who are allied with iran and previously overthrew the saudi-backed government . prince alwaleed bin talal , the saudi king abdullah 's nephew , has reportedly promised to give each of the 100 fighter pilots involved in the month long raids in riyadh , the saudi arabian capital , a free bentley . prince talal , who owns $ 300 million stake in twitter , apparently made the pledge on social media but the post has since been deleted , the international business times reported . he wrote : ' to recognise the one hundred participating saudi pilots i am pleased to present them with 100 bentley cars , ' on tuesday the saudis said the bombing raids , which have killed at least 944 people and wounded around 3,480 , had been successful and they were to focus on finding a political solution instead . but the raids appeared to have resumed by wednesday , with fighting taking place in taez . dozens more people are said to have been wounded or killed . bin talal , 60 , is the grandson of saudi arabia 's founder ibn saud and one of the richest men ion the world . he has an estimated fortune of $ 23 billion and investments in london 's savoy hotel , apple , citigroup and news corp . he has previously gifted 25 bentleys to members of a saudi football team and in 2013 threatened to boycott forbes magazine for underestimating his wealth and saying he was only in 26th place in a list of the world 's richest . almost 1,000 people are thought to have been killed during four weeks of air strikes by saudi arabian forces . the prince , who is a billionaire , has pledged to give each of the pilots involved in the air strikes a bentley . his comments were met with criticism on twitter , as well as supporters of those in yemen who have been killed in the month long airstrikes . saudi forces began its military campaign , called operation decisive storm , on march 26 . they were launched to stop the advancement of shiite houthi rebels who had previously overthrown the saudi-backed government and ousted president abed rabbo mansour hadi . saudi arabian forces pledged that air strikes which destroyed areas of sanaa would stop on tuesday , but they appeared to resume again on wednesday following advances by rebels on the ground in yemen . after four weeks hadi had still not be reinstated and the rebels still retain control of the capital sanai . the saudis announced yesterday an end to the ' successful ' operation decisive storm and that they would be moving to a new operation , dubbed ' restoring hope . ' this is to focus on security and counter terrorism and was said to involve a downscaling of military activity . however the saudi-led coalition had warned it stood ready to counter against any advance by the rebels - and appeared to take action today as fighting resumed in the second city of aden as well as taez . in taez , the rebels took advantage of the lull in air strikes to overrun the headquarters of the 35th armoured brigade , loyal to hadi , an army officer said . the conflict has created severe shortages of food and other supplies by closing sea and airports .    