as if the news that tiger woods will be back at the masters next week was not encouraging enough for american golf , the sight of a resurgent phil mickelson at the shell houston open provided added lustre . the gifted leftie followed his opening 66 with a 67 to sit one shot behind leader andrew putnam going into the third round . while woods electrified the twittersphere with his announcement , his great rival thrilled the massive number of fans on the ground with a display that recalled all his great days . another to enjoy a good day was englishman justin rose , who provided further encouraging evidence he is now over his bleak march with a 68 that has left him just four shots off the pace and in contention going into the weekend . phil mickelson capped his resurgence in form at the houston open with rounds of 66 or 67 . mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round with the masters a week away . tiger woods confirmed his participation at the masters at augusta next week . as for woods , the news he will end his self-imposed exile next week was enthusiastically welcomed here in texas . padraig harrington had only to be told woods had played a practice round at augusta national on friday before pre-empting the official announcement . ‘ if tiger is fit and healthy there’s absolutely no way he will be sitting out the masters , ’ said harrington . ‘ it will be great to see him back . just by being there he will add to the intrigue and the fascination . ’ woods fuelled speculation he would return when he flew by private jet from florida to play a practice round last tuesday . he reportedly shot 74 with the dreaded chipping yips making an unwelcome return with a thinned shot across one green that finished in a bunker . it was those problems that caused him to take a break from the game in the first place . back in late january he skulled a number of chips in a horrific 82 at the waste management open , his worst score as a pro . woods said he wouldn’t return until he was satisfied he could compete . justin rose continued his upturn in form with an encouraging round of 68 . mickelson has struggled for form this year and carded an 82 at the waste management open . woods reportedly shot a round of 74 in practice at augusta on tuesday and had a return of the chipping yips . there will be considerable scepticism he can compete next week given it’s over a year now since he turned in a decent tournament . woods missed the masters last year owing to back surgery . as for harrington , his welcome revival continued after a second round 69 that took him to five under but lee westwood’s tournament is over . two rounds of 71 were not good enough for the english veteran to make it through to the weekend . 