march 30 , 2014 . the slip hasn’t happened and liverpool are looking strong . they are top of the league with six games to go and only manchester city are better placed , theoretically , with two games in hand to make up a four-point deficit . there will be a slip , there will be a surge and there will be tears . theory wins , romance loses . life at the top , as it was then . dejected manchester city players during their 4-2 derby defeat to manchester united on sunday . jubilant liverpool players celebrate raheem sterling 's opening goal against newcastle united on monday . man city currently have a four-point lead over liverpool in the race for the final champions league place . today , the last meaningful race among the top teams is between liverpool and city . but the context is different . manchester city lead liverpool by four points and each has played 32 games . the stakes are astonishing , but only because the champions league is an extremely big deal and they are currently in a pursuit for that last spot in the top four . times have changed . these days it is liverpool doing the chasing . they have had their own problems this season but the nitrous balloon has not burst . so , what of manchester city ? the numbers are woefully inadequate . some examples : city have nine points fewer than at this stage last season ; their 4-2 defeat against manchester united saw them concede four for the first time since 2009 ; they have lost four of their past six premier league games and five in 2015 , which is one more than in the whole of 2014 . they have gone from being champions to contenders to weak also-rans , a side that has amassed two wins , three defeats and three draws in eight games against the rest of the current top five . city profited from a liverpool collapse to claim the premier league title last season . steven gerrard 's infamous slip against chelsea was the moment the title pendulum swung towards city . liverpool 's surrender of a three-goal lead at crystal palace also cost them the title last season . april 19 west ham ( h ) . april 25 aston villa ( h ) . may 3 tottenham hotspur ( a ) . may 10 queens park rangers ( h ) . may 17 swansea city ( a ) . may 24 southampton ( h ) . april 25 west brom ( a ) . april 28 hull city ( a ) . may 2 queens park rangers ( h ) . may 10 chelsea ( a ) . may 16 crystal palace ( h ) . may 24 stoke city ( a ) . when they fell behind against manchester united they collapsed . that , perhaps more than the result , could be what crushes manuel pellegrini in the final analysis . they are a team seemingly without spirit or direction . yaya toure and samir nasri are free to leave in the summer , which would indicate an acceptance from the rulers above that major changes are needed . which brings us back to liverpool , a team that had far less of a choice in its major change to personnel last summer . luis suarez went and the void became a black hole , apparently sucking the energy out of the rest of them . liverpool fell , but liverpool climbed again and here they are . it says plenty about each side’s season that on december 28 the gap between them was 18 points . brendan rodgers faced heavy scrutiny and he still does – questions over the use of the suarez money not least among them . but it is a measure of the manager that they have kept their gloves up . they were poor in recent defeats against arsenal and manchester united and they were far from their best in the subsequent wins against blackburn and newcastle . but they found ways to win and , as such , will contest an fa cup semi-final and hold an outside chance of a top-four place in the league . certainly , and rightly , rodgers will face flak if success is not found on either front . manuel pellegrini has come under mounting pressure following a poor run of results . influential players such as yaya toure could be going through the etihad exit door in the summer . brendan rodgers has masterminded liverpool 's return to form at the perfect time . rodgers will hope the controversies over raheem sterling 's contract and hippy crack taking do not affect the youngster 's performances and liverpool 's run-in . but what he has proven again is that he can inspire this dressing room ; he can still generate motivation in a group that has had a mediocre season and among whom is a leading player unhappy with his contract situation . the longer serving among the squad at swansea still talk of a man who ‘ knows the name of every cousin’ . an exaggeration , certainly , but it is worth noting that almost two years after his departure , players and staff from swansea were still using his man-management as a reason to suggest life under michael laudrup , a cup winner at the club , was not as good . there are few such testimonies for pellegrini , whose job surely depends on the outcome of this run in . city face west ham , aston villa , tottenham , qpr , swansea and southampton . four of those are at home . liverpool play west brom , hull , qpr , chelsea , crystal palace and stoke , as well as an fa cup semi-final against aston villa . four of those league games are away from anfield , but like city , it is not a run-in that would have one cursing their luck . it is a shootout , then , between a side that still has a spark and another that appears desperate for the season to end . from this point last season , city took five wins and a draw from their last six games to take the title . they were storming towards the line . a year on , they look as if they would blow over in a decent breeze . 