as captain ross poldark , his brooding good looks and rippling muscles have sent women around the country into a frenzy . but aidan turner 's poldark co-star heida reed has claimed the obsession with his body is sexist , and is unintentionally undermining the bbc1 series . miss reed , 27 , who stars in the period drama as poldark 's former lover elizabeth , said turner , 31 , was being ' objectified ' in a way that would not be tolerated if he were female . poldark star heida reed has claimed audiences ' obsession with aidan turner 's ( pictured body is sexist . claiming it is evidence of reverse sexism , miss reed said : ' i think there should be the same standard for both sexes when it comes to things like this . ' of course it 's nice for everyone involved that he 's viewed as a sex symbol or very attractive man . but it 's getting a little bit ridiculous . i think it just undermines the rest of the show . ' i do n't think it should be any more allowed than if a woman was in the same situation . and if she was , the media would have a field day that she 's being objectified . ' reed said she knew ' for a fact that [ turner is ] completely baffled by the amount of interest ' in the popularity of images that show him scything in a field . ' the producers had no idea that was going to happen either , ' she explained . ' they never said ' let 's have his shirt taken off and everyone will go nuts ' . it was n't a strategy . ' the icelandic actress 's comments follow overwhelming interest in turner 's physique from poldark 's avid fans . hundreds of viewers have taken to twitter to marvel at his strapping form , as scenes showed him swimming naked in the sea and scything a field topless . one joked on twitter : ' if poldark gets any hotter we 'll have to call the fire brigade . ' another told mailonline : ' there is n't a single woman i know , who does n't think he 's absolutely gorgeous . ' and they even complained after last week 's episode failed to feature turner 's bare chest . one posted : ' all bad news on the poldark front tonight . @ aidan did n't get his shirt off once . ' however while fans ' interest might be taken for flattery , miss reed said turner , who is reportedly engaged to his girlfriend of four years , actress sarah greene , is ' completely baffled ' by the level of attention , which has included online marriage proposals . heida reed pictured with her popular co-star in a scene from the tv series poldark . miss reed , who is currently starring in a play about revenge porn called scarlet , in which she appears on stage in just her underwear was speaking to the daily telegraph . poldark , which is based on the books by winston graham , has followed ross poldark since he returned from the american war of independence only to find that his father has died and his former fiancée , elizabeth , has married another man . he rescues demelza , played by eleanor tomlinson , 22 , from life as a street urchin and takes her in as his maid . and their relationship develops from a working one to one of passion , climaxing with a steamy bedroom scene . the final instalment of poldark airs on bbc1 tomorrow at 9pm .