manchester united striker wayne rooney has revealed he gets annoyed when fans chant his name at him in the street in an interview with ant and dec 's ' little ' counterparts on saturday night takeaway . the england captain enjoyed a kick-around with neil overend and hayden reid - or little ant and dec as they are better known - for the entertainment show to be aired on itv at 7pm on saturday . and rooney admitted in the interview with the telly pranksters that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name when he is away from the football pitch , even if he does love the adulation he enjoys at old trafford and wembley . wayne rooney has been interviews by little ant and dec for itv 's saturday night takeaway programme . the england captain enjoyed a kick-around with neil overend and hayden reid , ant and dec 's ' littles ' . rooney admitted that he can find it a little tiresome to have supporters chanting his name in the streets . rooney is asked by little dec : ' does it get annoying when people say `` rooney , rooney , rooney '' ? ' ' it 's great when people say it in the stands , ' the united captain says . ' but if i 'm in the street and people are doing it then it is annoying . ' the pair , aged eight and seven and wearing full newcastle united kits , then chant rooney 's name at him and the 29-year-old jokes : ' just like this ! that 's the annoying part ! ' the light-hearted chat sees rooney get ambushed on the floor by little ant and dec mid-interview . the manchester united striker lifts little dec above his head as they joked around for the itv show . little ant and dec climb on top of rooney , and they asked him which of their ' bigs ' he would have in his team . rooney sprints away from the two youngsters , and you can watch the full interview on saturday at 7pm . the full interview is set to be screened this weekend , with rooney messing around with the ' little ' pair , showing them a few tricks and deciding to pair the real ant and dec upfront together when asked which one he would have in his team . before that , rooney leads united out against aston villa at old trafford as they look to consolidate their position in the barclays premier league 's top four . the england skipper missed a penalty on his last outing for united in their win over liverpool at anfield , although he did score the opening goal in his country 's 4-0 win over lithuania at wembley before a 1-1 draw with italy during the international break . rooney scored against lithuania for england to get over his penalty miss for united against liverpool . the united skipper will lead out his side against aston villa at old trafford on saturday afternoon .