she might be celebrating her 75th birthday , but an overjoyed queen margrethe of denmark looked far younger as she waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the amalienborg palace . the danish monarch was joined on the balcony by her sons , crown prince frederik , 46 , and prince joachim , 45 , who were with her again for a procession down copenhagen shopping street strøget to the københavns rådhus [ city hall ] for a slap-up lunch . and the two were by margrethe 's side once again in the evening when the danish royals welcomed royals from all corners of europe to fredensborg castle for a gala banquet followed by a magnificent fireworks display . early arrivals : crown princess mary and crown prince frederik of denmark were among the first guests to arrive for the gala dinner . cut-out : crown princess mary 's bell-sleeved dress featured a rather risque cutaway bar , showing off her ponytail . smart : denmark 's princess marie and prince joachim were next to arrive with prince joachim wearing a striking red velvet tuxedo . smart : denmark 's princess marie chose a floor-length ivory dress covered in delicate beads . joining them was frederik 's australian-born wife mary , 43 , who opted for a striking silver gown featuring a neat high neckline and dramatic blouson sleeves . margrethe 's other daughter-in-law , the french-born princess marie , 39 , was also at fredensborg and looked wonderful in a floor-length cream beaded gown . other members of the danish royal family to attend the event included margrethe 's sister princess benedikte , 70 , who chose a summery floral dress with a square neck and sheer train . as with wednesday night 's lavish dinner at christiansborg palace , danish prime minister helle thorning-schmidt was on the guest list and cut a dramatic figure in a heavily sequinned black and nude dress . but while socialist politician ms thorning-schmidt , who is married to former labour mp neil kinnock 's son stephen , caught the eye , it was the many royals in attendance who took centre stage . looking good : queen margrethe ( right ) and princess benedikte chose complementary gowns in striking lilac and pink . gorgeous : danish prime minister helle thorning-schmidt cut a glamorous figure in her sequinned black gown . making an entrance : king constantine ii and queen anne-marie of greece ( left ) and princess elisabeth of denmark ( right ) . the danish queen margreth made a striking entrance in her wide skirted dress and chic up ' do . the monarch appeared to be full of fun again as she took her seat in the middle of the top table . crown princess victoria from sweden , also in a floor-length , beaded gown , looks for her place at the dinner party . spectacular : fireworks explode over fredensborg castle at the end of the gala dinner . magnificent : the display had been laid on to mark margrethe 's 75th birthday . stunning : the 262-year-old castle , which was built by frederik iv , was lit up by the flashes from the exploding fireworks . from sweden came the country 's king carl xvi gustaf and his glamorous brazilian-born wife silvia , who arrived with crown princess victoria , 37 , who looked ravishing in a spectacular sequinned dress . the norwegian royal family was represented by dashing crown prince haakon , 41 , who had arrived in the danish capital earlier that day to mark queen margrethe 's birthday alongside his wife , the ice blonde crown princess mette-marit . margrethe 's birthday celebrations had kicked off with a touching family wake-up call , which saw margrethe 's two sons and their families join crowned heads from the netherlands , belgium and luxembourg to sing traditional danish folk songs beneath her window . next on her agenda was an appearance on the balcony of the amalienborg palace alongside her son and heir , crown prince frederik , 46 , his wife crown princess mary , 43 , and their four children . waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared , watched by members of other european royal dynasties , among them sweden 's and norway 's . also on the balcony was margrethe 's second son , joachim , 45 , his french wife princess marie , his children from his first marriage , nikolai , 15 , and felix , 12 , and his youngest two , henrik , five , athena , three . one royal who could n't be present on the balcony or for the gala dinner at fredensborg that followed was margrethe 's 80-year-old husband prince henrik who , according to palace officials , is suffering from flu . the french-born royal also missed the carriage procession down copenhagen shopping street strøget to the rådhus and was replaced for the day by his son frederik . royal wave : queen margrethe is flanked by her sons frederik and joachim as she waves to the crowds . celebrating : denmark 's crown prince frederik , his wife mary and their nine-year-old son prince christian on the balcony . family affair : frederik and mary were joined by their four children , including twins vincent and josephine . pay attention ! four-year-old vincent appeared more interested in scaling the balcony rails . what 's going on ? prince christian grimaces at something in the crowd during his grandmother 's birthday celebrations . despite being without prince henrik , the appearance proved a cheerful affair - largely thanks to the antics of four-year-old prince vincent , who did his best to scale the railings of the balcony . held back by his father , the youngster smiled mischievously and was quickly copied by his twin sister josephine - much to their mother princess mary 's amusement . australian-born mary , who was elegant in a navy ensemble topped with a grey cocktail hat , certainly appeared to be enjoying the moment , smiling broadly as she stood with her four children . frederik , meanwhile , was content to wave to the crowd and at one point leaned down to whisper in the ear of his older son , nine-year-old prince christian . girls together : prince joachim holds his three-year-old daughter athena , while crown princess mary clutches four-year-old josephine . overjoyed : queen margrethe , who was without her husband prince henrik , appeared overcome . saying thank you : margrethe , who was resplendent in a turquoise ensemble , waved to the crowds . saying hello : the danish royals toured copenhagen following the balcony appearance . enjoying the day : denmark 's princess marie , crown princess mary and queen margrethe wave to the crowds outside the amalienborg palace . enjoying the ride : margrethe and mary sat opposite each other during the procession along strøget . pomp : the royals were followed down main shopping street strøget by a detachment of guards . birthday wishes : queen margrethe enjoyed an official luncheon at the københavns rådhus at the end of the procession along strøget . joining in : swedish royals , including crown princess victoria , also appeared on the balcony . showing their support : sweden 's 65-year-old king carl xvi gustaf and his brazilian-born wife , queen silvia . support : norway 's crown prince haakon , crown princess mette-marit and king harald on the balcony . enjoying the moment : deposed king constantine ii of greece , his wife queen anne-marie and princess benedickte of denmark on the balcony . last night 's banquet was the finale in a two-day orgy of celebration that began on wednesday night with a dinner at christiansborg palace that brought together royals from the netherlands , belgium , spain and luxembourg as well as those from sweden and norway . spain 's king felipe and queen letizia , the youngest reigning royals in europe , led the way in , followed by the equally glamorous king willem-alexander and queen maxima of the netherlands . norway 's king harald , who joined the danish royals on the balcony , was accompanied by his wife queen sonia , and his son crown prince haakon and daughter-in-law mette marit . sweden 's 65-year-old king carl xiv gustaf also brought his heir , in his case crown princess victoria , 38 , and her former personal trainer husband , prince daniel . other royals to attend included the elegant queen mathilde of the belgians who shimmered in a stunning purple gown at wednesday night 's event and smiled broadly as she made her way inside on the arm of husband king philippe . watch out for the wind ! norway 's crown princess mette-marit , 41 , and sweden 's crown princess victoria , 37 , attended the event . future queen : crown princess victoria chats to her husband and former personal trainer prince daniel , 41 , during the celebration . outpouring : thousands gathered outside the amalienborg palace and along strøget . overjoyed faces : flag-waving crowds snapped pics outside the amalienborg palace . crowd control : thousands of revellers patiently awaited for the royals to come out on the balcony . denmark 's official royal magazine , billed bladet , celebrates margrethe 's 75th birthday by featuring the queen on the cover . joyful : the crowds were particularly delighted when queen margrethe appeared on the balcony . wake up : crown prince frederik and crown princess mary prepare to wake queen margrethe . friendly : crown princess mary with queen maxima ( left ) and crown prince frederik with nephew nikolai . windy : the chilly danish weather appeared to be taking its toll on crown princess mary 's hair . getting better : queen mathilde , who recently injured her knee , showed off a black knee-brace . all smiles : the belgian royals and grand duc henri of luxembourg also took part in the wake-up . excited : prince joachim 's youngest son henrik , five , ( in blue coat ) looked thrilled to be taking part . delighted : queen margrethe looked pleased with her wake-up and smiled broadly at her family . hello there ! she then leaned down to wave at the gathering below . the former ruler of greece , king constantine ii , 74 , also attended , as did his wife queen anne-marie who was ravishing in her emeralds . iceland , a colony of denmark for more than 600 years , was also represented , with president ólafur ragnar grímsson attending with his israeli wife , dorrit moussaieff . several speeches were made during the dinner , including a tribute from crown prince frederik which the 46-year-old made in three different languages . speech ! crown prince frederik paid tribute to his mother in three languages last night . guests : king philippe and queen mathilde of the belgians and king felipe and queen letizia of spain . chat : grand duc henri of luxembourg chats to crown princess mary during the dinner . celebrating : joachim and marie of denmark and willem-alexander and maxima of the netherlands . glamorous gathering : the scene in the banqueting room at the christiansborg palace last night .