rescuers were given quite the surprise after a horse that was stuck in a muddy ditch for six hours turned out to be white when it was hosed down . eighteen firefighters freed the havana cob called cody after he went for what turned out to be a lengthy dip in a bid to cool off in the warm weather . relieved owner tracey hannant , from bexleyheath , south london , said her horse looked like black beauty when it emerged from the ditch . rescue : it took 18 firefighters to free white havana cob cody . he was trapped in a muddy ditch for six hours . clean : how cody looks when he has n't been swimming in a ditch . the photo was taken after the horse 's lengthy ordeal . the white havana cob is pictured with tyler whimster , 13 , son of his owner tracey hannant . she said she thought the horse had probably jumped in for a swim and praised london fire brigade crews who came to the rescue . ' they saved my boy 's life , ' she said . ' they were covered from head to toe , they stank , and they just kept doing everything they could . cody , who is naturally white with ginger markings , found himself trapped in anderson way , belvedere , for up to five or six hours last friday . he was finally freed at 2.55pm by firefighters and the shaky horse was taken to his stables to see a vet who gave him painkillers , vitamin injections and a booster . ms hannant added : ' it was the most awful thing in the world . i was completely hysterical . ' if you can imagine your child stuck in there , that 's what it was for me . ' he kept looking at me and there was nothing i could do . ' not a habit : ms hannant said it was the first time cody had escaped from his field in six months of living there . almost there : cody was glad when he could finally touch down on dry land again . he was taken to his stables to see a vet who gave him painkillers , vitamin injections and a booster . ms hannant feared the firefighters would accidentally break cody 's leg or the 15-hand horse would panic and colic ( stomach cramps ) , which is potentially fatal . the mum-of-three , who also has a baby grandchild , praised london fire brigade saying : ' they were all trying to keep him calm . ' they were talking about getting a crane at one point . ' it took crews an hour-and-a-half to rescue cody , who was lifted from the water by a device under his stomach . ms hannant said : ' no one could believe he was a white horse . ' when he got out he looked like black beauty . ' it was the first time cody escaped from his field in six months of living there . she thinks her water-loving horse broke out through a hole in the fence and jumped in for a swim , not realising he would get stuck . horsing around : there was even talk of a crane having to be used at one point but rescuers eventually freed the havana cob . his owner , tracey hannant , believed the horse had probably gone for a swim to cool off . back at home : cody 's owner tracey hannant spoke of the moment he was rescued . she said : ' no one could believe he was a white horse . when he got out he looked like black beauty . ' her son tyler , 13 , with the horse . on dry land : cody is enjoying being back home in his field with tyler , who was out riding the horse again following the animal 's rescue from a ditch in anderson way in belvedere , south london on friday last week . she spent all day monday building a new electric fence to keep cody and her other four horses safe . ms hannant added : ' cody is not just a horse , i have brought him up since he was six-months-old . ' i felt so helpless . that was the worst pain i have ever known in my life . ' she plans to take cody to erith fire station when he is fully recovered , to thank the ' amazing ' firefighters in person .