wisden , the cricket bible , has launched a stinging attack on english cricket and says that the national team have lost touch with the game 's public . editor lawrence booth , also a respected cricket writer with sportsmail , uses his notes to take england to task after a tumultuous year spent trying to recover from the bitter fall-out of losing the last ashes series 5-0 . english cricket , says booth in the 152nd edition of the fabled almanack , which is published on wednesday , ' repeatedly lost touch with the basic idea that the national team belongs to us all ' . wisden editor lawrence booth has launched a stinging attack on the ecb 's handling of kevin pietersen . the star batsman will ply his trade for surrey in a bid to reclaim his spot in the england test team . and he continues : ' a few wins might have deflected attention from a charge sheet that would include the mishandling of the kevin pietersen affair , worrying test attendances outside london , a head in the sand attitude to the one-day team and - not yet a decade after the 2005 ashes had presented english cricket with a golden chance to attract a new generation to the sport – a fall in the number of recreational players . ' starting with the drubbing in australia , england lost eight full series out of all across the formats in 2014 , to say nothing of their defeat by the netherlands at the world twenty20 . in all , they lost 28 games . only once had this been surpassed in a calendar year by one of the eight major teams – the dysfunctional 2010 pakistanis . ' national selector james whitaker had called cook `` our exceptional leader '' ; paul downton , the ecb 's new managing director , hailed peter moores as the `` outstanding coach of his generation '' . it was a nexus of self-preservation yet , as the wagons circled , the wheels kept threatening to fall off . ' the wisden editor is just as scathing about england 's decision to sack alastair cook as one-day captain on the drink of what turned out to be the most disastrous world cup in england 's history . peter moores presided over a disastrous world cup but was labelled ' the outstanding coach of his generation ' by the ecb 's new managing director paul downton . the beleaguered alastair cook was stripped of the one-day captaincy before the world cup debacle . ' to leave the sacking of cook so late made little sense , ' says booth . ' had he stepped down in august after the 3-1 test win over india he could have done so with his post-ashes reputation partly restored . this would have allowed him to gather strength for the ludicrous run of 17 tests in less than 10 months , starting in great optimism in antigua in april 2015 and ending in near exhaustion in south africa in january 2016 . ( as someone pointed out , 17 tests are almost a third of don bradman 's career . ) ' trouble was , cook had become more than just a cricketer : cast by his employers in the role of latter-day saint to pietersen 's fallen angel , he was now an article of faith . giles clarke ( the ecb chairman ) even suggested the cooks were `` very much the sort of people we want the england captain and his family to be '' which was all well and good but could n't stop him edging behind . downton , whitaker and moores were all bound up with his fate . cook had to succeed , as much for others as himself . it was an intolerable position . ' england overplayed their hand . the test win over a supine india did not mean cook would effect a similar transformation of the one-day side . this seemed obvious to everyone – except to the men who run the game . ' but booth , who also writes for sportsmail , says cook 's eventual sacking so late made little sense . national selector james whitaker ( right ) had called cook ' our exceptional leader ' . pietersen appeared on the graham norton show - the presenter suggested ' team sport 's not for you ' . england also come under attack for the way they handled the sacking of pietersen , a situation where they had right on their side - plus the support of the bulk of those who follow the team around professionally - but somehow allowed the maverick to claim the morale high ground . a situation that , incredibly , is still going on , after wisden went to press on this year 's edition . ' the ecb 's comments on the fall-out with pietersen should have been clear and concise , ' writes booth . ' if you 're widely regarded as a pain it helps if you 're scoring lots more runs than anyone else . instead , england botched the pr battle . they hinted that some darker truth about his behaviour would emerge once a confidentiality agreement expired in october . yet the lull merely prolonged the fiasco . and , when the dirt failed to materialise , the ecb looked rudderless . worse , in the eyes of those agitating for an explanation , they looked indifferent . ' it was typical of a story beyond ecb 's control that their best moment was not of their own making . having searched in vain for the words that justified his sacking , they were gifted a 324-page solution , an autobiography so full of rancour that bbc chat-show host graham norton suggested to pietersen : `` maybe , just maybe , team sport 's not for you . '' this year 's wisden also includes both a withering review of pietersen 's nasty book by the mail on sunday 's patrick collins , who retired this year after a distinguished career , and an excellent piece of the aspect of his career totally overlooked by pietersen in his book – batting that touched genius . simon hughes admirably fills the void that pietersen left himself . gary ballance has been named one of wisden 's five cricketers of the year in the new edition . ballance 's yorkshire team-mate adam lyth , called up by england , is also in the top five . jeetan patel ( left ) and angelo mathews make up the remainder of booth 's top five cricketers . sri lanka 's brilliant kumar sangakkara clinched the title of leading cricketer in the world . australia 's meg lanning ( batting against england ) is honoured with the inaugural women 's award . the thousands of disciples of wisden always look immediately at who the editor has chosen as his five cricketers of the year , one of the oldest and most highly regarded prizes in sport . booth has chosen well and predictably in the cases of moeen ali , who has the honour of being pictured on the front cover , gary ballance , adam lyth and angelo mathews and enterprisingly in jeetan patel , who is rewarded for his prolific season for warwickshire . to me , the award suffers in that players are only allowed to be picked once . for instance , how good would it be if , on his retirement , a player would be described as a five-time wisden cricketer of the year ? booth is a progressive , brilliant , imaginative editor but perhaps such a move would be just a little too controversial for such a traditional vehicle as wisden . the brilliant kumar sangakkara , who will be delighting championship audiences with surrey this summer , is the leading cricketer in the world while , for the first time , there is an international woman cricketer of the year . australia 's meg lanning is honoured with the inaugural women 's award . as ever , wisden is a must for any cricket fan and even at a time of continuing turmoil for the england team and genuine concerns about cricket 's future world-wise , it is a reassuring presence however critical the editor is of it . moeen ali ( england and worcestershire ) . england’s search for a spin bowler to replace graeme swann was thought to be doomed – until moeen ali lit up the summer with 12 wickets in the southampton and manchester tests against india . he finished the series with 19 at 23 apiece . earlier in the season he had almost saved the headingley test against sri lanka , batting for all bar one ball of the final day . and , when he was promoted to open for the one-day side , he scored the third-fastest hundred by an england batsman , from 72 balls against sri lanka in colombo . moeen ali celebrates taking the wicket of india 's cheteshwar pujara at old trafford last summer . gary ballance ( england and yorkshire ) . gary ballance began the summer with a century in his first home test , against sri lanka at lord’s , and followed up with two more against india – at lord’s and southampton . by the end of the season he boasted a test average of over 60 . gary ballance celebrates reaching his century during the third test with india in southampton last year . adam lyth ( england and yorkshire ) . yorkshire opening batsman adam lyth was the leading run-scorer in the county championship , with 1,489 runs at an average of 67 and six hundreds , and was one of the pillars of his team’s triumph . he was rewarded with a place on england’s tour of the caribbean in april 2015 . yorkshire 's adam lyth was the leading run-scorer in the 2014 county championship season . angelo mathews ( sri lanka ) . angelo mathews was the inspiration behind sri lanka’s first test series victory in england . after helping to save the first test at lord’s with a century , he made 160 – and took four wickets – as sri lanka came from behind to win in leeds . mathews also led his team to wins in the one-day series and the one-off twenty20 international . angelo mathews after making 160 for sri lanka in the second test with england at headingley . jeetan patel ( new zealand and warwickshire ) . new zealand off-spinner jeetan patel was central to warwickshire’s success across all three formats . he claimed 107 victims in total , more than anyone in the country , and his 25 wickets in the natwest t20 blast – the most in the competition – helped his side lift the trophy on home turf at edgbaston . jeetan patel takes the final wicket as warwickshire beat middlesex in last year 's county championship .