a petition has been launched asking for sunrise 's samantha armytage to apologise for comments she made on-air last month , dubbed by some viewers as ' racist ' . the cause of controversy came when the 37-year-old interviewed non-identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer , who have become a sensation around the world due to their opposite skin tones . introducing the 18-year-olds , armytage congratulated ginger-haired lucy on getting ' her dad 's fair skin , ' saying ' good on her . ' controversy : sunrise host samantha armytage has come under fire for a comment made during a sunrise broadcast last month . ' the aylmer twins come from a mixed race family in the uk , ' the seven presenter 's introduction began . ' maria has taken after her half jamaican mum with dark skin and brown eyes and curly dark hair , but lucy got her dad 's fair skin , good on her , along with straight red hair and blue eyes . ' co-host david ' kochie ' koch seemed taken aback by the comment , taking a confused glance in the 37-year-old 's direction . armytage and sunrise vehemently deny the claims of the petition , with a seven spokesperson telling daily mail australia : ' regular members of the sunrise audience or anyone who has seen the clip in full will know that sam was taking a dig at herself . ' ' she frequently jokes about the fair skin that runs in her family and difficult it can be to manage in extreme environments . ' confusing moment : interviewing non-identical twins from the uk , lucy and maria aylmer , she congratulated lucy on ' getting her dad 's fair skin , ' saying ' good on her ' . mistake ? co-host david ' kochie ' koch seemed taken aback by the comment , taking a confused glance in the 37-year-old 's direction . still , the comment was n't recieved well by many viewers , who took to social media to express their displeasure and to accuse her of making a ' racist ' remark . the change.com petition , which has since been signed by 186 people , was launched on monday , and demands that armytage , producer michael pell or a representative from sunrise apologise for the comment . it was started by melbournian artist jay fifth , 27 , who told daily mail australia : ' by sam and the show not recognising , acknowledging and rectifying the statement , they are telling australia this is acceptable when it is not . ' the 27-year-old , who is himself of mixed descent with a jamaican mother and a polish father , added on the site that ' the `` good on her '' comment was inappropriate , extremely offensive and very racist . ' unhappy viewers : a change.com petition was launched on monday and demands that armytage , producer michael pell or a representative from sunrise apologise for the comment . the twins are pictured here in childhood . it 's the second comment by armytage that 's raised eyebrows in recent weeks . in an interview with seven 's hamish mclachlan , samantha said she can be ' fragile at times ' thanks to her grueling schedule , which she described as torturous . ' remember i get up at 3:40 every morning - and sleep deprivation is a form of torture they used at guantánamo bay , so i can be fragile at times . ' rough month : it 's the second comment by armytage that 's raised eyebrows in recent weeks , as earlier in april she compared her grueling sunrise schedule to sleep deprivation torture methods used in guantánamo bay .