liverpool fc are set to take action against a fan who said that two muslim men praying at the club 's stadium were a ' disgrace ' . stephen dodd caused outrage when he posted a photograph online showing solicitors asif bodi and abubakar bhula worshipping during half-time of a fa cup game . now club authorities say they will ' take appropriate action ' against the supporter , which could include banning him from matches . fury : stephen dodd took this photograph of asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month . dodd took a photograph of the two men during a match against blackburn rovers last month , with the caption : ' muslims praying at half time at the match yesterday # disgrace . ' after facing a huge online backlash he continued to defend himself - saying that he had the right to criticise the men because he is a long-standing liverpool supporter . police investigated the incident after receiving complaints from furious web users , but have now passed on the case to the club to investigate . liverpool fc said in a statement : ' last month , liverpool football club received complaints of a tweet showing an image of muslim fans praying during half-time at anfield accompanied by comments that were offensive to the complainants . ' the club reported the tweet , which was posted online on sunday , march 8 , 2015 , to merseyside police . backlash : dodd tried to defend himself by saying that he was a long-standing fan of liverpool . ' merseyside police investigated the matter and has referred this to lfc to take appropriate action against the individual involved . the club is currently in the process of determining the appropriate action to take and a further update statement will be made in due course . ' liverpool football club would like to remind its supporters that it does not tolerate any form of discrimination and is committed to ensuring that the club and anfield provides a welcoming and safe environment for all fans regardless of race , religion , gender , age , disability or sexual orientation . ' mr bodi , 46 , from preston , whose eight-year-old son ayman can also be seen in dodd 's photo , told the liverpool echo : ' my little boy said at the time , `` someone is taking a picture of us , '' and i thought maybe it was someone who had n't seen prayers before . ' i certainly did n't expect to be called a disgrace for doing it . but the support since has been very nice and i 'm thankful . ' match : the incident took place when liverpool were playing blackburn rovers at anfield in march . he added : ' we have a small window in which to pray , a bit like the transfer window in football . once that closes the chance has gone . ' that day , the time came for prayer and the window would have closed before the game finished so we did it at half-time . ' most people are absolutely fine with it and the stewards at anfield are wonderful , but it only takes one or two people to react in the wrong way and you could have a nasty situation . ' mr bhula , 37 , who has known mr bodi since childhood , offered to meet with dodd to explain the importance of prayers in islam . he said : ' we 've had a lot of nice comments since and i appreciate that . we were n't harming anybody . ' education is key to stopping things like this from happening . maybe the man who took the photo has not come across muslims before who have explained the significance of prayer . ' i would be quite happy to meet with him to explain why we pray and when it needs to be done . ' 