armed men killed eight people in a raid on a sao paulo football fan club on saturday night that has close links to a notorious , now-closed prison . police said witnesses told them that around midnight on saturday three gunmen stormed the dark and gritty site where corinthians ' fan group pavilhao 9 meets underneath a highway overpass . they ordered the victims to lie face down on the ground and shot seven in the head . an eighth man was shot but tried to escape , reached a gas station and was later taken to a nearby hospital where he died . armed police stand guard outside the headquarters of corinthians fan club pavilhao 9 on sunday morning . a distraught woman talks on her mobile phone outside the building where seven men were executed . a policeman shows the bullet shells that were collected at the scene of the shooting west of sao paulo . detective arlindo jose negrao ruled out a fight between rival fan groups . he would not reveal the motive behind the attack , however , saying that could interfere with the probe . ' through witnesses , we are already exploring a line of investigation , which is not leading us to believe it was caused by fan rivalry , ' negrao said at a press conference . ' we even have possible suspects . ' the victims were having a barbecue at the club at the time and making flags with their team 's colours for sunday 's anticipated match between corinthians and palmeiras . the fan group did not answer several phone calls . pavilhao 9 was founded by a group of corinthians fans who played football with inmates at brazil 's carandiru prison , known widely for a massacre that left 111 inmates dead , which was turned into a movie . the prison is now closed . police say that the killings , that took place late on saturday night , are not related to any football rivalry . a woman is comforted by a policeman as she talks on a mobile phone outside the fan club . the corinthians team did not respond to a request for information but posted the word ' mourning ' against a black backdrop on its official facebook page . former president of the team and current federal congressman , andres sanchez , said on the social network he was ' deeply saddened to learn of what had happened at pavilhao 9 , with which i had a strong bond since i was a kid . ' much of the football violence that breaks out in or near brazilian stadiums is traced to fan clubs . police often investigate fan groups for ties with drug traffickers . the victims were having a barbecue as they prepared for corinthians match against palmeiras on sunday when gunmen raided the premises . brazilian police guard entrance to the building where the fan group were making flags ahead of sunday 's game . ' it is widely known that criminal organisations are inside of all fan clubs . organised crime uses these fan groups as a front for their misdeeds , ' juca kfouri , one of brazil 's best-known sports commentators , told radio station cbn . last year , dozens of members of another corinthians ' fan club , gavioes da fiel , invaded the team 's training centre . angered by the team 's performance , they attacked employees and grabbed peruvian striker paolo guerrero by his neck , forcing other players to flee into a locker room and barricade themselves in until police arrived .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .