peter moores insisted he could work with michael vaughan if he becomes england’s new director of cricket despite the pair’s chequered past . ‘ of course i could , ’ said moores in st kitts on thursday . ‘it’s not a personal thing . people have views . we’re still going through a transitional spell so to me this is about getting england as strong as we can as quickly as we can . whoever comes into that job i just want to share views to make sure we have the best way forward . the new man is expected to be a supremo who will be very much with the team but moores was not sure england needed another voice in the dressing room . michael vaughan with peter moores in 2008 during his unsuccessful first spell as england coach . moores ' position as england coach has come under scrutiny after a woeful world cup campaign . ‘ i don’t think we do , ’ he said . ‘ it depends who takes the role and how that remit is set out . as always we will have to make it clear what the players have to do to go out and play for england . it depends how the job is set out . moores is sad to see the departure of paul downton , the man who brought him back to the coaching job and called him the ‘ outstanding coach of his generation . ’ ‘paul’s a very passionate englishman and everything he’s done has been to try to help us do better on the field and perform , ’ said moores . ‘ when someone goes you’re always sad about that but my job is to make sure we don’t lose our focus on the test series coming up . paul downton , with whom moores was close , was sacked as managing director of england cricket . former england captain vaughan has emerged as the leading candidate to replace downton . ‘ i don’t think this is about my position , i don’t think it changes much . i’m passionate about cricket , i love the game , and i’ve got a good record as a coach . it’s about the players and i will carry on doing my job here . i see some emerging players i’m very excited about and i’m going to stay committed to them . ‘ tom harrison passed on the news about what was happening with paul and that we were going to restructure . he said to me ‘nothing’s changed , keep doing your work’ which is exactly what i’m going to do . ‘i’ve spoken to paul . he seems fine . he’s given everything to the job and has committed everything to it . ’