ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for chelsea 's home clash with stoke ... chelsea vs stoke city ( stamford bridge ) . team news . chelsea . chelsea will make a late decision on whether diego costa will play in saturday 's match with stoke . the striker suffered a hamstring injury in the premier league leaders ' win at hull last time out and withdrew from spain duty , but may not be risked despite being passed fit following the international break . chelsea 's diego costa may not be risked against stoke following a hamstring injury . midfielder john obi mikel will not be considered despite recovering from his knee problem . provisional squad : courtois , cech , ivanovic , luis , fabregas , zouma , ake , ramires , oscar , hazard , drogba , remy , costa , matic , willian , cuadrado , cahill , terry , azpilicueta , blackman , loftus-cheek . stoke . stoke forward jonathan walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available for saturday 's barclays premier league trip to leaders chelsea . defender marc muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem . stoke 's jonathan walters ( 14 ) challenges poland 's jakub wawrzyniak for the ball as the striker featured in republic of ireland 's 1-1 draw at the aviva stadium during last week 's euro 2016 qualifier . the potters also have victor moses fit again - but he will not be able to feature this weekend as the opposition is the on-loan winger 's parent club . provisional squad : begovic , butland , shawcross , wilson , wollscheid , muniesa , bardsley , pieters , teixeira , cameron , whelan , adam , nzonzi , sidwell , ireland , arnautovic , diouf , walters , crouch . kick-off : saturday , 5.30pm - sky sports 1 . odds ( subject to change ) : chelsea 2/7 . draw 9/2 . stoke 10/1 . referee : jonathan moss . managers : jose mourinho ( chelsea ) , mark hughes ( stoke ) . head-to-head league record : chelsea wins 40 , draws 18 , stoke wins 23 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . chelsea are the only team in the four divisions of english football who have not lost a home match in the league this season . the potters have failed to score in six of the last seven premier league games against chelsea . chelsea have won 10 and lost just one of the 13 premier league meetings with stoke city . stoke city have scored 97 goals away from home in premier league history . after winning 10 straight premier league home matches , chelsea have scored only once in each of their last four and drawn three of them ( w1 ) . cesc fabregas celebrates scoring late on in chelsea 's 2-0 win at stoke back in december . the blues have conceded just eight goals in their last 22 premier league matches at stamford bridge , keeping 16 clean sheets in that run . chelsea have kept five clean sheets in a row against stoke at stamford bridge and overall they have kept nine shut outs in 13 premier league meetings . peter crouch has scored just seven premier league goals this season , but they have won stoke city nine points . conversely , diego costa’s 19 pl goals have only earned chelsea eight points . chelsea have opened the goalscoring in 23 of their 29 premier league games this season ; more often than any other side . the blues have not allowed their opponents a single shot on target in four games this season ; no other side has stopped opponents on more than two occasions .