a 19-year-old girl was forced to relearn basic functional skills such as walking , swallowing food and getting dressed after she fell out a fraternity house 's window and suffered a traumatic brain injury . summer elbardissy was partying at the beta theta pi fraternity house at wesleyan university in middletown , connecticut , last year when she reportedly tried to reach a makeshift roof deck . but instead of making it onto the deck , where students often gathered , she fell out of a third-story window , according to newly-released police reports and a lawsuit filed in the city 's superior court . moments later , another teenager heard what ' sounded like a thud hitting the ground ' . miss elbardissy was discovered lying unconscious on the floor , with her face covered in blood . scroll down for video . recovering : summer elbardissy ( pictured ) had to relearn basic functional skills such as walking , swallowing food and getting dressed after she fell out a fraternity house 's window and suffered a traumatic brain injury . frat house : the 19-year-old was reportedly partying at the beta theta pi fraternity house ( pictured ) at wesleyan university in middletown , connecticut , last year when she tried to reach a makeshift roof desk . the intoxicated sophomore was rushed to st francis hospital with serious injuries , including a brain injury and swelling , a broken skull and pelvis , and lung bruising , the hartford courant reported . she was forced to undergo intubation and had to relearn how to walk , according to a gofundme page that was set up by miss elbardissy 's mother , inas morsi , after last september 's accident . she also had to be taught by a therapist how to swallow food , brush her teeth , get dressed and wash herself , it is reported . seven months on , she is apparently still recovering from the fall . on the fundraising page , which has raised more than $ 44,000 for the teenager , ms morsi has described her daughter as a ' fighter ' , adding : ' this is just another battle that she will overcome . ' in november , she wrote : ' this is a special thanksgiving for our family . we are thankful for so many things . we are especially thankful for all of the support you have shown us for summer . ' and miss elbardissy herself appears to be in good spirits - over the past few months , she has posted smiling photos and positive messages on her facebook and instagram pages on a regular basis . injured : instead of making it onto the deck , where students often gathered , miss elbardissy ( pictured with a companion in a facebook photo ) fell out of a third-story window , according to newly-released police reports . sophomore : miss elbardissy ( pictured , left and right , in facebook photos ) was rushed to st francis hospital with serious injuries , including brain swelling , a broken skull , hip and pelvis and bruising on her lung . the fall was not the first notable incident to have occurred at beta theta pi , which is not recognized by wesleyan university as a fraternity and was once dubbed ' the rape factory ' in a lawsuit . in 2010 , a student alleged that she was sexually assaulted at the fraternity house , while another claimed to have been raped by a non-student on the premises in 2013 , according to wfsb . in miss elbardissy 's case , police were apparently already at the house investigating a noise complaint when she fell . they were alerted to her fate at around 1.15am on september 7 . miss elbardissy was reportedly drunk at the time . as the officers waited for medics to arrive at the scene , they had beer poured over them out of a window by fraternity members , it is alleged . fall : she was forced to undergo intubation and had to relearn how to walk , swallow food and get dressed , it is reported . above , a clip from a news report at the time . miss elbardissy fell out of one of these windows . ' a really nice girl ' : the fall was not the first notable incident to have occurred at beta theta pi , which is not recognized by wesleyan university as a fraternity . above , miss elbardissy is seen in a facebook photo . following the incident , wesleyan ordered students to stay away from the fraternity house , saying it had ' lost confidence in the ability of the fraternity members to manage social activities at the house ' . meanwhile , the national beta theta pi fraternity suspended the wesleyan mu epsilon chapter . it is believed that the fraternity is still out of bounds for students at the private liberal arts college . now , miss elbardissy has filed a lawsuit against the fraternity and wesleyan via her lawyer . the 24-page document accuses the university of failing to protect her from the dangers at the frat house . it alleges the college turned a blind eye to a number of safety violations at the house - including the roof deck , which the fraternity used ' openly and obviously ' - despite warnings from city officials , university : now , miss elbardissy has filed a lawsuit against the fraternity and wesleyan ( pictured ) via her lawyer . the document accuses the university of failing to protect her from the dangers at the frat house . fundraising : a gofundme page ( pictured ) , set up by miss elbardissy 's mother , has raised more than $ 44,000 . this deck , featuring ' unsecured plywood ' , was negligent , created a public nuisance and led to miss elbardissy 's fall , claims the lawsuit , which is seeking an unspecified amount of money in damages . last year , police ruled that the fall was an accident . at the time , wesleyan said : ' our thoughts are with the injured student , who is improving , and we hope for a full and speedy recovery . ' eyewitnesses described the incident as ' pretty terrifying ' and miss elbardissy , ' a really nice girl ' . no one has been charged in the incident . miss elbardissy 's lawyer declined to comment to the courant .