this picture shows the dramatic moment a ' hero ' police officer smashed a car window to save a baby trapped in the vehicle on one of the hottest days of the year . the boy 's mother frantically tried to open the door when the keys to her range rover were locked inside and the eight-month-old boy was stuck in the car alone as temperatures hit almost 23c yesterday . she grew increasingly distressed as the car became hotter - with no fresh air inside the vehicle - and called police for help . the incident occurred when temperatures peaked at 22.8c at st james 's park in london - making it the second hottest day of the year so far beaten only by today when temperatures soared in the capital to nearly 24c . scroll down for video . saved : this photo was taken moments after a police officer rescued a baby from a range rover after his mother ( pictured left with her baby ) had tried frantically to open the door when her keys were locked inside . ' hero ' : kingston police published a photo of the incident on their twitter account , along with a caption hailing pc resteghini as a ' hero ' . officers were called to the parked car in surbiton , south-west london , at lunchtime yesterday and the baby was rescued after officer pc resteghini smashed the car 's window with his baton . kingston police tweeted the picture along with the caption : ' pc resteghini has just rescued an infant trapped inside a hot vehicle , smashing a window to gain access # hero ' . police confirmed the baby was unhurt . the baby 's father told mailonline there had been a fault with the range rover 's automatic locking system and that the matter was being investigated . his wife had left the keys in her bag inside the vehicle , which the man , who did not wish to be named , said was designed not to lock if the keys are inside . he said : ' my wife had put our son into the car seat in the back and closed the door . when she did that it locked automatically and would n't open when she walked round to the driver 's side . ' she was extremely panicked so called the police . they were fantastic and turned up in about five minutes . they tried for a while to get into the car , in the same way my wife had , but eventually had to smash the window . ' speaking to radio jackie news , pc resteghini said : ' we used one of the batons to gain entry to the car ... the baby was safe and well and the mother was ok . ' scorchio : sunbathers packed out beaches up and down the country today , including bournemouth ( pictured ) , as the mercury rose to 23c . busy : brighton beach was packed with couples and families who were desperate to make the most of the sun on the hottest day of the year . hot : beaches , including brighton beach ( pictured ) and parks were packed today with sunseekers making the most of the unseasonably high temperatures . the mid-20s temperatures made britain hotter than athens , rome and madrid but forecasters warned a cold front will move in . relax : temperatures reached 23c in the capital and south east yesterday , making it the hottest day of the year , before the record was beaten by today 's temperatures of 23.6c and rising . pictured : one sunbather enjoys the sunshine but keeps her head cool as the mercury spars . taking it easy : people in britain have been enjoying the hot weather so far this week including at tower bridge in london today ( pictured ) . the south-east of england has enjoyed unseasonably warm temperatures over the last few days , with a high of 22.8c at st james 's park in london yesterday . temperatures also peaked at 22.6c in shoeburyness , essex , and 22.4c at manston , kent . it meant yesterday was the hottest day of the year until temperatures surpassed those recorded . forecasters said today was not only the hottest of the year but also expected it to be the warmest day for the rest of the month , as temperatures are predicted to return to average or just above average later this week . a cold front moving down from the north of the country will bring cooler weather , which will see temperatures drop to between 15c and 17c . however , despite the drop in temperatures , it will still be warmer than usual for april and forecasters said sunny spells will be felt across much of the country until at least next week . six-year-old isabella-love mee enjoys the water fountains at granary square in london as britain basks in the warmest day of the year so far . two youngsters made the most of the warm weather this morning in paignton , devon , as the mercury gradually increased from a sunny start . workers made the most of their lunch breaks by relaxing in the sunshine near tower bridge as temperatures exceeded 23c in the capital . warning : a police inspector last week tweeted a picture showing what officers would do if dogs were left in hot cars during the warm weather . 