the world 's best golfers gathered on the eve of the masters on thursday to take on a nine-hole course , often with their wives , girlfriends or kids as caddies , as part of the par 3 contest . and it seemed that golf wag and u.s. skier lindsey vonn appeared to be the only caddie to have opted out of the bland , white jumpsuit uniform . tiger woods showed up to the event at the augusta national golf club in augusta , georgia , with his two children , sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , and his girlfriend lindsey vonn , who was dressed in a floor-length , spaghetti strap gown , accessorized with diamonds and louis vuitton . scroll down for video . woods is no doubt thrilled to have his family and loved ones there as a support , as he has dropped out of the top 100 ranking . tiger woods walks with his children charlie ( left ) and sam ( second from right ) and u.s. sskierlindsey vonn during the par 3 contest at the masters golf tournament . vonn 's ensemble was in stark contrast to the white jumpsuits worn - and accessorized - by bubba watson 's wife angie , left , and rickie fowler 's girlfriend , right . vonn holds up her dress from the grass as she talks to woods 's children , charlie ( center ) and sam ( right ) . bubba watson 's wife angie , however , donned the typical white jumpsuit and caddied along side her son caleb while she carried her infant daughter dakota . other golfers also brought girlfriends and kids , and rory mcilroy even brought one directioner niall horan along for the day 's events . watching the fun was former secretary of state condoleezza rice , one of two new female members at augusta . the masters tournament kicks off on thursday at 8am and a winner will be given the green jacket on sunday . tiger woods walks with his children as they play the annual par 3 contest , in which many golfers invite their wives , girlfriends or children to caddie . vonn 's long green dress strands out next to charlie and sam 's white jumpsuits , the uniform most wives and girlfriends and children wore during the event . happy stepmother : at one point vonn nuzzled woods ' daughter . vonn even brought her louis vuitton purse with a gold chain link strap on to the green during the event . with a professional golfer as a boyfriend , vonn should know that strappy sandals and a spaghetti-strap dress are n't usual attire for a round of golf . sunscreen : with no hat to shade her face and no sleeves or fabric to cover her arms and back , one hopes vonn had loaded up on the spf . tigers ' cubs kept their faces shaded in matching green caps . vonn accessorized extravagantly for the event with a louis viutton purse and a diamond-encrusted watch . louis vuitton chain louise bag . get the lv look ! visit site . she 's golf 's most famous wag and she 's got the style to prove it . lindsey vonn looked fabulous while supporting husband tiger woods at the augusta national golf club in augusta , georgia . she sported a slinky green dress and a gorgeous louis vuitton chain ' louise ' crossbody bag that we are just dying to get our hands on . click right to scoop up the classic investment item for $ 2180 . otherwise have a scour through our style edit of beige , chain-strap crossbody bags for $ 195 and under . we adore our classic options from coach , michael michael kors and rebecca minkoff . or put a stripe on it with gx by gwen stefani 's ' hankie ' bag for just $ 59.95 . gx by gwen stefani hankie bag at zappos . visit site . coach polished pebble leather crosstown crossbody at zappos . visit site . rebecca minkoff mini mac cross body bag at shopbop . visit site . michael michael kors jet set cross body bag at shopbop . visit site . charlie and sam , along with vonn in her backless gown , watch as woods tossed his kids a golf ball . vonn 's dress appeared to pool on the grass as she spoke to tiger , standing next to u.s. golfer steve stricker . vonn at least had a full range of motion in her sleevless look , and she and charlie both reach for a ball headed toward them as sam ducked out of the way . charlie tried his hand at carrying the flag on one green , despite it being three times the child 's size . little caddie sam expertly wiped the club with a towel while walking the course . matching in green , vonn and former secretary of state condoleeza rice applaud during the par 3 contest . vonn and rice stand next to each other as the audience looks on during wednesday 's relaxed competition . hi , friend ! woods grinned hugely as he reached for a hug with rice , a female member at augusta . rice is one of two female members , the first two ever , and was given a membership in 2012 . meet my family ! woods introduced his children to the former secretary . vonn 's dress was expertly colored to match her boyfriend 's nike shirt . team woods : tiger and his crew are one of the most photographed attractions of par-3 . while vonn opted for less practical footwear , sam wore a pair of nike shoes , the brand sponsors her father , with adorable white ankle socks . vonn appeared totally at ease with woods children , and they with her . but she kept stepping on her own dress . vonn had a sporty ponytail for much of the day , but also left her long locks undone part of the time . bubba watson brought the whole family along to play in the par 3 contest . his son caleb joined him with clubs and appears to have hit a few balls . caleb took a break during the contest to spend time with his mom , angie watson , and his baby sister dakota . bubba watson 's wife angie , dressed in a white jumpsuit like her son , hands a golf club to her and bubba 's son caleb . bubba watson of the u.s. ( right ) and his wife angie ( left ) watch as their son caleb ( center ) runs between them . even one directioner niall horan wore a white jumpsuit as he caddied for northern ireland 's rory mcilroy . rickie fowler of the u.s. holds fellow u.s. player bubba watson 's son caleb as he laughs and makes a face . gim me five ! bubba watson 's son caleb slaps hands with rickie fowler as fowler 's girlfriend , alexis ransack , also wearing a white jumpsuit , watches . rickie fowler , a u.s. player , watches as his girlfriend alexis randock putts a ball on the augusta national golf club course . flower and randock share a kiss on the ninth hole of the par 3 contest on the eve of the 2015 masters tournament . she managed to look glamorous despite the white onesie . jason day of australia , with daughter dash and wife ellie , walks the fairway during the par 3 contest on wednesday . jim furyk watches his son tanner and daughter caleigh , matching in their jumpsuit uniforms , putt on a green . u.s. golfer billy horschel hugs fellow u.s. player matt every 's son liam in front of an audience during the contest . brendon todd fixes his son oliver 's over-sized hat in hopes of keeping him cool in the augusta , georgia heat . danny willett of england ( l ) kisses his caddying wife nicole on the ninth hole , and joost luiten of the netherlands ( right ) and his lady love lyan zielhorst . charl schwartzel of south africa reaches out for his daughter lizette as his wife rosalind jacobs lets go . jamie donaldson of wales holds his son max on the ninth hole during the par 3 contest . but woods and co appeared as happy as any other family there on wednesday .