the scream factor of rides at a cornwall fun park are being measured over the easter holiday period to see if the noise will impact the residents of a new 480-home development nearby . a reading on the ' fright ' decibels of the rollercoaster at flambards theme park in helston will be recorded as a row develops over a new housing estate that could bring in 1,000 new residents . ian cunningham , who has recently taken ownership of the tourist attraction , said he was ' amazed ' to discover no-one had realised the homes will be built right alongside his rollercoaster . noise levels are being tested on the rollercoaster at flambards in cornwall over the easter period . ' there will be music and screams from the roller coaster ... a theme park without noise is not a theme park , ' he told a meeting of the helston town council planning committee . cunningham is worried people would buy the new houses and then later complain about the noise , leading to potential restrictions being imposed on his business . ' residential housing close to a go-kart track , which we also have , seems a little short-sighted , ' he added . developer david martin has applied for outline planning permission for up to 480 houses and access road on a series of fields . the readings from the fun park will go into a report as local planning council considers a 480-house project . cunningham said when he bought flambards , he was made aware of the helston strategic framework , which had earmarked hx2 ( the name given by council planners ) as the preferred area for residential development in town . this was also agreed by helston town council last year . but he said the framework document makes no mention of flambards . the 1,000-resident development is proposed for next door to the popular cornwall theme park . nick jackson , the planning agent on behalf of mr martin , said the plans were only outlined at this stage and the position of houses on the land could be agreed later . he said noise experts would be monitoring flambards over the easter holidays to assess the level of screaming . the committee is awaiting further information from the developers , including an environmental impact report and the noise report , before their next meeting on april 16.their decision will be passed onto the cornwall council , who will have the final say . 