a mother and child remain missing hours after their car was swept into a flooded creek in eastern kentucky . kentucky state police trooper robert purdy said the woman and child were stranded in their vehicle in high water around 9:30 a.m. friday on a rural highway in lee county . around 11:30 a.m. , the car was swept away and rescue workers lost sight of them . scroll down for video . a missing mother and son are missing after their car was swept away by rising flood waters in kentucky . residents on two floors of an apartment building in okolona , kentucky , were evacuated by the fire department . buddy rogers , spokesman for the kentucky division of emergency management , said lee county authorities requested a state police helicopter to help try to find them , but the weather was too bad for an aerial search . the lexington fire department sent a swift-water recovery team to assist with the search . they have not yet been found . authorities in louisville , kentucky , made more than 100 water rescues early friday as a severe storm 's persistent downpour flooded roads and prompted at least one evacuation . one-hundred sixty three water rescues had been made in the area since 1am friday and residents continue asking authorities for help leaving their flooded homes , according to louisville mayor greg fischer . there was also a mandatory evacuation for the first floor of an apartment building in okolona , kentucky . those living in first-floor apartments at the guardian court apartments were ordered to evacuate , while second-floor residents could decide to leave . more than 48 residents at the guardian court apartments had been taken out by boat , including second floor residents who were given to the choice to leave , according to wdrb . half a foot of water had crept into homes in the building . the area had gotten seven inches of rain overnight , but no injuries were reported . louisville 's fire department was stretched thin , as a six-alarm fire at a ge supply building in buechel , kentucky drew more than 100 workers to battle the blaze . the city 's zoo was closed because of a combination of the two events . the national weather service says a flash flood warning is in effect friday morning for north central kentucky . up to two more inches of rain are expected throughout the day , according to wlky . winds up to 35mph and possible hail were expected for the afternoon . red cross officials made louisville 's broadbent arena , which was home to the city 's ice hockey team , available for those who needed shelter . dozens of vehicles were reported abandoned on the roadways . the red cross set up a shelter at louisville 's broadbent arena for those forced from their homes on friday morning .  authorities in louisville made more than 100 water rescues , including an estimated 48 at guardian court in okolona ( pictured ) . the louisville fire department was put under more stress as it tried to balance water rescues with fighting normal fires . a man in shorts and sneakers holds an umbrella as rain comes down on friday morning . the severe weather follows tornados in oklahoma and missouri as the storm system moves east . water had flooded an underpass at the university of louisville . no injuries had been reported from the flooding as of mid-morning . at least one road had been blocked by a mudslide and sections of i-64 in indiana were closed . the flooding in the ohio river valley comes as a severe storm moves eastward from oklahoma and southern missouri . two semi-trailer trucks were seen blown over on interstate 44 near afton , oklahoma , as many counties were on the lookout for tornadoes , according to the weather channel . the twisters were seen down in oklahoma , missouri , kentucky and kansas , though no major damage was reported . fifty thousand people were estimated to have lost power in wichita , kansas . severe weather expected in much of the southern us on friday , with a storm front stretching from eastern texas to western virginia . flash flood warnings were in effect for northern kentucky on friday morning , with more rain expected throughout the day . a front of severe weather was expected to move across the southern us on friday , stretching from texas to virginia .