an fbi agent 's sniper rifle ( similar to the one pictured ) was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot . an fbi agent 's sniper rifle was ripped out of his car 's window and stolen from a salt lake city hotel parking lot just days before president obama visited utah earlier this month . the gun was inside a hard rifle case and was ' secured properly ' to a truck safe with padlocks and chains while the car was parked at the marriott springhill suites , according to police . police believe the thief stole the rifle by breaking the rear right passenger-side window , tying a rope around the rifle case 's handle or a cable lock , and using the momentum from another vehicle to then break the case 's handle free from the lock . the window frame of the agent 's car was pulled from the door , which police believe could indicate the large case was ripped through the shattered window . ' the rifle had been secured properly , ' salt lake city police detective dennis mcgowan told fox 13 salt lake city . ' there are all kinds of ways the weapon was secure . yet someone was able to forcefully take the weapon . ' the fbi agent also reported that his gear bag , backpack , and some clothing and tools were also stolen during the march 27 theft , which the police report states happened overnight . the theft happened just a week before obama ( pictured during his visit ) made a scheduled trip to utah earlier this month . officers found two skid marks and pieces of rope lying on the pavement near the car , as well as the broken-off handle of the rifle case . the agent 's bags and some of his clothing were found at a residence inn across the street , but the sniper rifle has not been recovered . marriott springhill suites , the agent 's hotel , is next to the city 's airport and just down the street from the state 's fbi office . the hotel does not have surveillance cameras , according to the police report . salt lake city police said the rifle 's serial number has been entered into the national crime information computer . the secret service told fox 13 salt lake city the agency was notified about the stolen rifle before president obama 's visit , but could not comment if the theft prompted an increase of security . det . mcgowan said police do not know if the thief specifically targeted the agent 's car . the sniper rifle was stolen sometime overnight from the parking lot of marriott springhill suites , where the agent was staying . the hotel is just across the street from the state 's fbi office .