a pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing ' incessantly ' into his headset during a short flight in the northern territory which caused him to forget to put the landing gear down , an air crash report has found . the australian air transport safety bureau ( atsb ) released its report on wednesday into the ' wheels up landing ' on december 12 , 2014 at jabiru airport , southeast of darwin . the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft , registered vh-tbe , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers . the pilot also reported that the children on board were ' excited and a little disruptive ' during the flight . despite this , the report also found the pilot was ' relatively new to the c-310 ' and unfamiliar with the plane equipment . a pilot has blamed one of his passengers for coughing ' incessantly ' into his headset during a short flight in the northern territory which caused him to forget to put the landing gear down , an air crash report has found . the unidentified pilot was flying a six-seat cessna 310 aircraft , registered vh-tbe , with two adults and three children on board when he became distracted by one of the passengers . ' the pilot of a cessna 310 aircraft was completing a charter flight from oenpelli to jabiru , northern territory , ' the atsb report read . ' during the short flight , one of the passengers coughed incessantly through the headset which distracted the pilot . once he had the aircraft stable he reached over and unplugged the headset . ' the pilot was further told the atsb that the three children on board were ' excited and a little disruptive , and he had kept a close watch on their activities ' . he then reported to have commenced his pre-landing checks and verbalised ' undercarriage down ' , but made a decision to ' leave this particular action until later on final approach ' . the australian air transport safety bureau ( atsb ) released its report on wednesday into the ' wheels up landing ' on december 12 , 2014 at jabiru airport , southeast of darwin . when he became aware of that the undercarriage remained retracted when the aircraft touched down , he landed the plane on the runway centreline and heard the propellers contacting the ground . he then steered the aircraft slightly to the left of the runway as he was mindful of another aircraft in the circuit behind him . ' this incident highlights the impact a combination of distractions can have on aircraft operations , ' the atsb report concluded . however the report also found the pilot was ' relatively new to the c-310 ' . ' in hindsight , he felt it would have been beneficial to have been familiarised with all the annunciators on tbe prior to flying the aircraft , ' the report read . there were no injuries to either the pilot or passengers but the aircraft was ' substantially damaged ' . a spokesman for the atsb was unable to reveal the name of the pilot and the company involved . ' while details of the pilot and charter company are not secret it is not the remit of the atsb to divulge that information , ' the spokesman told daily mail australia .