she’s got the designer threads , a sparkling mini mercedes car and a staggering 115,000 instagram followers and she’s not even two-years-old . millie-belle diamond , the proud owner of louis vuitton and chanel purses and pint-sized burberry jackets , has become a money-making social media celebrity after her mother schye fox started posting cute photos of her online . the mum , from warriewood , in northern sydney , originally set up an instagram account for millie-belle when she was two months old so that their family in wa and queensland could see her grow . scroll down for video . smiler : millie-belle diamond , who is 14 months old , has a staggering 115,000 instagram followers . mini-celebrity : in one photo ( right ) millie-belle is seen dressed in a pink tutu and top sent to her by the kardashian family clothing line kardashian kids . on her first birthday , millie-belle smiled with her designer purse next to her fancy dolls . ' thank you so much for all the # milliebellediamond # firstbirthday love from all around the world ... we are off for lunch , ' her mum said . baller : the toddler from sydney 's northern beaches is seen here ' looking gangsta in her new ride ' a mercedes benz toy car . after the blue-eyed baby started gaining fans , fashion labels and children’s brands began gifting millie-belle with their latest products and she started earning up to $ 250 per post for wearing their garbs in the pictures . ms fox told the manly daily newspaper millie-belle’s account rocketed in popularity in july last year when a picture of the little girl wearing a leopard-print bow was shared by @ fashionkids - an instagram account with three million fans . ‘ it went around the world . that photo is still being reposted today . she’s the most followed baby under two in the world on instagram , ’ ms fox said . lots of love : on valentine 's day , millie-belle 's mum wrote : ' how can you not love this little cutie ' . designer wardrobe : ' finally sorting mbds shoes and handbags ... i 've run out of room and had to house them in the draws below , ' her mum schye fox wrote . famous friends : in this pic millie-belle is seen with x factor judge and singer nat bassingthwaighte during a photo shoot . cute as a button : millie-belle models her black and gold bow headpiece from her autumn/winter collection of clothing . ' she 's just like her mummy ... does n't like getting her hands dirty , ' ms fox posted alongside this photo . big smiles : at easter time millie-belle posed in this cute white bunny outfit . ' # happyeaster from our big bunny , ' ms fox wrote . gold pants : ' this dino jumper might b a bit big for mbd but we had to have it ! ! ! can you see why ! ! ! , ' her mum asked . millie-belle’s mum styles her outfits and then simply snaps the photos with her iphone and shares them on instagram , often with a caption explaining what the 14-month-old tot has been up to . in a recent photo , taken just four days ago , millie-belle is pictured in black converse sneakers , a black tutu and bobble hat , with a denim jacket . she’s staring inquisitively at a piece of toy bacon as she sits in the sand . ms fox wrote : ‘ she 's just like her mummy ... does n't like getting her hands dirty . ’ the button-nosed toddler , who is regularly offered modelling jobs , now holds the title of the world’s most famous baby under two on instagram with hordes of fans in china , the middle east and turkey . ' seriously ... . she 's just the funniest ' : her mum said as millie-belle posed in a ' part time model ' t-shirt . ' oh hey , i totally found this sugar free milkshake , you should try it sometime , ' her mum joked millie-belle said as she held a phone while posing in a stripy pink outfit . ' when ur a big girl now and u can stand for ur photos ( working on the look at camera and do n't run away thing and we may be holding some wooden meat but it 's a start , ' ms fox laughed at these photos of millie-belle . ' i did n't do it , it was n't me ' : in this cheeky photo millie-belle is caught red-handed with her mum 's lipstick . ' little # beachbaby at 7am this morning.. she 's not a fan of getting her hands dirty normal , ' ms fox wrote on the beach photo ( left ) . and on the right , millie-belle is ready to shop with her louis vuitton purse . ms fox shared a photo of millie-belle in her bedroom after she left her for five minutes to take a phone call . ' how does a 14 month old cause so much mess in such a short time , ' she asked in amusement .  