a 73-year-old reserve deputy shot and killed a man during an undercover operation after thinking he had his stun gun when he opened fire . robert charles bates shot and killed eric courtney harris as the younger man was trying to buy drugs and a gun from deputies posing as dealers in the parking lot of a dollar store . harris , 44 , was being restrained by one of the undercover police officers when bates , who was monitoring from afar , ran up ' trying to get the situation under control ' and fired one shot . according to police at the scene in tulsa , oklahoma , bates , a former full-time officer , accidentally pulled out his service weapon instead of the stun gun . confusion : robert charles bates , 73 , accidentally grabbed his pistol and shot a man dead , it has been claimed . major shannon clark told cnn : ' they were struggling trying to get him into custody , he ran up trying to use a less lethal device , trying to get the situation under control , inadvertently he discharged a round from his service weapon . ' he added : ' did an accident happen ? sure . but is it accredited to his age ? or was it accredited to the rapidly evolving situation ? i guess that will be determined in the investigation . ' bates , who has been a reserve since 2008 , is the chief executive of robert c bates llc , a tulsa-based insurance company , who worked as an officer assigned to the violent crimes task force . he also spent time with the tulsa police auxiliary . speaking to local site news ok , bates said : ' it was me . my attorney has advised me not to comment . as much as i would like to , i can’t . ' according to tulsa police , harris had met an undercover officer to sell him a 9 mm semi-automatic pistol and 300 rounds ammunition and ran when deputies tried to arrest him , then fought with another deputy when he was shot . killed : eric harris , 44 , was allegedly meeting with undercover deputies to buy a 9 mm semi-automatic pistol . he was gunned down after officers ' observed him reaching for his waistband area ... causing concern for the deputies ' safety , ' cnn reported . officers had been monitoring harris as part of an investigation into the trade of methamphetamine . as he met with undercover deputies to allegedly hand over the drugs , he is accused of offering to throw in a sawed-off gun . his convictions include escaping prison in 1990 , robbery with a dangerous weapon in 1999 , and making threatening phone calls . according to tulsa police , harris ' killer , bates , is classified as an advanced deputy . reserves are ' basic ' , ' intermediate ' , or ' advanced ' . the qualify for ' advanced ' , officers are required to have a minimum of 320 hours of training and 25 hours of training a year . during the annual field training program , they are tested on how to use and identify lethal and non-lethal weapons . with the same power as paid deputies , reserves can conduct their own investigations , make arrests and work on task forces .