shocking images have been released showing the ' horrific ' conditions inside a gold coast caravan park with a long and checkered history of drug abuse , violence , and abject poverty . the mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people , and has been the site of a fatal house fire , stabbings , brawls , and continual violence . queensland police patrol the site daily due the extreme level of incidents , and ambulance officers will now only enter the caravan park , which lies just ten kilometres from the region 's famous glitter strip , under police protection . the mudgeeraba caravan village is home to more than 100 people , and has been the site of a fatal house fire , stabbings , brawls , and continual violence . senior sergeant mark anderson , from the mudgeeraba police station , said that officers considered that caravan park ' safe ' before midday , but that ' once residents start on the drugs or alcohol , the situation deteriorates ' . ' we try and get children out of there as quickly as we can . it’s easier for us to deal with ­incidents if there are no children around , ' he told the gold coast bulletin . the conditions of the caravan park has been labelled ' horrific ' by authorities , with some of the sites , which include an old bus , tarpaulins , and run-down caravans , are left without running water . the owner of the caravan park , bob purcell , said that the discounted rent of between $ 90 and $ 200 he offered to residents attracted a certain type of person . ‘ if you have cheap rent you’re going to get some sort of problem with those sort of people , ' he told a current affair . senior sergeant mark anderson , from the mudgeeraba police station said that police try to remove children . residents of the caravan park have told of the horrific levels of violence in the village . ‘we’ll get up to mischief here on occasions , ' he said . in 2008 , a man died in a caravan fire , and in 2010 , a male resident of the caravan park was charged with the stabbing of another man at the village , reported the courier mail . in march last year three residents , allegedly armed with knives and baseball bats , were hospitalised after a violent brawl broke out involving 20 men , reported the gold coast bulletin . residents of the caravan park said that one of the biggest problems in the park stemmed from drugs and alcohol abuse . one residents said that much of the violence had to do with ' who 's paid and who has n't paid ' . ‘there’s blues all the time , and there’s no security at all , ' he said . residents of the caravan park said that one of the biggest problems in the park stemmed from drugs and alcohol abuse . police are called to the caravan park frequently , and called the conditions of the park ' horrific ' . the same man admitted he had padlocks on his gate and front door just to ward away potential conflicts . christian volunteers from transformations ministries visit the caravan park regularly , and offer food supplies as well as counselling services to the residents . program co-ordinator mark farrugia said that the volunteers tried to show unconditional love and that the ministry offered drug and rehabilitation service . ‘ this place provides a next step from the street . it is providing roofs over people’s heads , ' mr farrugia said . ‘ where you find a low socio-economic area you find the issues of drugs and alcohol are involved , and particularly where the drug ice is involved it escalates people’s erratic actions .