a premature baby , born weighing a tiny 558 grams , astounded doctors by being able to go home almost five months after a medically complicated birth . the parents of etienne gould nunan , who was born at melbourne 's monash hospital in july last year , have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing , with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed . ' he just looked so fragile . literally a few hours after i met him for the first time , the doctors said he was n't going to make it , ' his mother carman gould , who had an emergency caesarean at just 26 weeks , told nine news . scroll down for video . etienne gould nunan was finally allowed to go home after spending almost five months in hospital . he was born premature , after just 26 weeks in the womb , and weighed only 558 grams . she and her partner jonathan nunan would spend the next four and a half months practically living at the hospital and watching as their son developed pneumonia , suffered a collapsed lung and endured 58 blood transfusions to fight infections . ' given the way he started , a lot of times both the family and us were very worried about him , whether he would be able to make it at all , ' monash 's associate professor arvind sehgal said . but slowly , ' tough little fighter ' etienne began to experience his first milestones in life . a touching home video shows the moment the tiny baby , not much larger than a can of soft drink , was allowed to touch his mother for the first time , 10 days after his birth . his parents , carman gould ( left ) and jonathan nunan ( right ) have praised medical staff for taking care of their son who came into the world not breathing . too tiny to touch : etienne was born with a hole in his heart and a brain bleed and went on to develop pneumonia , suffer a collapsed lung and endure 58 blood transfusions to fight infections . ' you 've watched this baby through this plastic window for ten days and so to finally hold him skin to skin ; it 's the moment that you 've been waiting for , ' ms gould said . ' it 's the moment you start to think `` yeh , i am a mum '' . ' the proud parents said they celebrated each day as it came , alongside the little joys it brought , from etienne 's first bath to his first hug with dad and his first feed with mum . ' etienne came home after 138 days in the nicu needing only vitamins and a little breathing support ... and we expect him to grow out of that in the next few months . all his other issues were resolved , some spontaneously , ' the couple wrote in a compilation video of their son 's five month long hospital battle . a touching home video shows the moment the tiny baby , not much larger than a can of soft drink , was allowed to touch his mother for the first time , 10 days after his birth . ' you 've watched this baby through this plastic window for ten days and so to finally hold him skin to skin ; it 's the moment that you 've been waiting for , ' ms gould said . the proud parents said they celebrated each day as it came , alongside the little joys it brought , from etienne 's first bath ( pictured ) , his first hug with dad , and his first feed with mum . ' fabulous , if you see his original pictures when he was born you would n't recognise him and he 's done very well , ' professor sehgal told nine news . mr nunan and ms gould have shared their story in the hope that others will be inspired to donate blood to the australian red cross . ' if you 've ever given blood , a heartfelt thank you . it was generosity from people like you that saved my baby etienne 's life . if you 've been putting it off , ask yourself , how many opportunities do we get in our lifetime to make such a meaningful difference to others ? , ' ms gould wrote in a comment on the red cross 's facebook page . mr nunan added that the family was looking forward to a happy future with their ' inspiring little kid ' . mr nunan and ms gould have shared their story in the hope that others will be inspired to donate blood to the australian red cross . ' if you 've ever given blood , a heartfelt thank you . it was generosity from people like you that saved my baby etienne 's life , ' ms gould wrote in a comment on the red cross 's facebook page . a proud ms gould ( pictured with hospital staff ) and mr nunan were allowed to take their son home after 138 days in hospital . mr nunan said the family was looking forward to a happy future with their ' inspiring little kid ' .