josh meekings has been cleared to play in the scottish cup final after an sfa panel kicked out a charge of deliberate handball during sunday’s semi-final against celtic . in the aftermath of the highlanders’ 3-2 extra-time win , the englishman admitted he was fortunate not to have conceded a penalty and been sent off by referee steven mclean for stopping leigh griffiths’ net-bound effort on his goal-line . in an unprecedented move , the inverness defender was subsequently cited by tony mcglennan , the sfa compliance officer , for denying an opposing team an obvious goalscoring opportunity by deliberately handling the ball . inverness defender josh meekings will be allowed to appear in scottish cup final after his ban was dismissed . meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as inverness went on to beat celtic 3-2 after extra-time . that move created a furore - with jim boyce , fifa vice-president and head of the refereeing committee , warning that penalising meekings retrospectively would open up a can of worms for the game . but a three-man judicial panel dismissed the charge - leaving the player free to face falkirk at hampden on may 30 . meekings tweeted : ‘ once again , would like to thank everybody for the messages and support given over the last few days . back to business now , can not wait ! ’ ‘ i have seen the support from various clubs’ fans and i’m very thankful . i can look forward to the final now , and get ready for saturday ! ’ inverness caley thistle chairman kenny cameron also released a statement expressing the club’ s relief that meekings would now be central to the biggest game in their history . ‘ the club is delighted for josh that the judicial panel tribunal dismissed the complaint brought against him , ’ he stated . ‘ josh will now be available for selection for the cup final on 30th may 2015 v falkirk fc . ‘ the result means that the club can now fully appreciate the achievement of reaching its first ever scottish cup final and focus on preparations for saturday’s game versus aberdeen fc . ‘ on a personal note , both josh and i would like to express our gratitude to our legal team from harper macleod led by partner david kerr who worked tirelessly to ensure a favourable outcome . ’ caley boss john hughes revealed , however , that the furore over the meekings affair had made him consider quitting his job in disgust at scotish football . speaking before the verdict was announced , he said : ‘it’s taken the shine off our victory . so much so that i’m even looking at myself . ‘ if this is what goes on in scottish football , i don’t know if i want to be a part of it . i’m serious when i say that . ‘i’m really , really disillusioned with it and over the last two days i have just switched off my phone . ‘ i think the whole of british football knows there is a real injustice here . it’s unprecedented and so many people have something to say on it . ‘i’m a little bit embarrassed . i think scottish football is being dragged through the mud a little bit . ‘ i think there’s a wee bit more to it than what we are seeing . there has been plenty happening since i came up here , going back to semi-final kick-off times , playing hearts ( in a semi-final ) at easter road in the middle of edinburgh , i just think sometimes inverness get treated with contempt . ’ the meekings affair was the latest recent high-profile case to have been brought by complicance officer mcglennan that has subsequently been dismissed . dundee united striker nadir ciftci has twice successfully defended himself against retrospective charges brought following games against inverness and celtic . earlier this month , rangers keeper steve simonsen escaped an extension to the two-game ban – with one game suspended – that he received after breaking rules on gambling . mcglennan said that the simoson ban , issued by an independent panel , was ‘ unduly lenient’ but another independent tribunal upheld the original decision . meanwhile , aberdeen’s barry robson lost his appeal against the red card he received against dundee united last weekend . the veteran midfielder will now sit out two matches . ' i think there 's a wee bit more to it than what we are seeing . there has been plenty happening since i came up here , going back to semi-final kick-off times , playing hearts ( in semi-final ) at easter road in the middle of edinburgh , i just think sometimes inverness get treated with contempt . ' pfa scotland chief executive fraser wishart had warned the sfa that it was creating a dangerous precedent by citing meekings . speaking shortly before the outcome , the former rangers and motherwell defender said : ' i think you have seen this week from the reaction of players across the country , players have no problem with video evidence being used for incidents that genuinely have n't been seen by the referee . maybe a punch behind the referee 's back and fly kick when the ball is away . ' but we think , if the rule has been extended , then it is now erring into re-refereeing into a game on a monday . ' that 's not the purpose of video evidence . that 's why the english fa and fifa and uefa steer away from that . the referee could see the incident on sunday , he just did n't see the handball . ' i feel for the referees because their performance is now being analysed to the nth degree and i do n't think that 's fair on them . '