built at a cost of £1 billion , new broadcasting house is the jewel in the crown of the bbc and the setting for its self-mocking satire w1a . but in a development that could have come straight out of the sitcom , it has been revealed that the corporation is paying tens of thousands of pounds of taxpayers ' money to book meetings in nearby buildings because the headquarters lacks space . new broadcasting house in central london covers half a million square feet , took a decade to build and was opened by the queen in 2013 – four years behind schedule and at least £55 million over budget . scroll down for video . the bbc has admitted it ' occasionally ' runs out of meeting rooms in its £1billion new broadcasting house . the huge steel-and-glass building has specially designed ' huddle zones ' and a ' meeting tower ' on stilts in the atrium . one of the running jokes in w1a is that its fictional meeting rooms are named after popular entertainers – hugh bonneville 's character ian fletcher , the bbc 's ' head of values ' , frequently meets colleagues ' inside frankie howerd ' . now , in response to a freedom of information request , the bbc has admitted it ' occasionally ' runs out of meeting rooms and spent £47,198 on booking external spaces nearby during the last financial year . corporation insiders say these venues include de vere 's west one business centre and the luxury langham hotel – both just across the street from new broadcasting house – and that meetings have included ' leadership breakfasts ' . the huge building has specially designed ' huddle zones ' and a ' meeting tower ' on stilts in the atrium . one source said : ' the leadership breakfasts at de vere are renowned for the lavish catering . the bbc is cutting jobs but can still afford to cater for breakfast meetings for senior managers . ' another said : ' it 's bonkers to hold meetings across the street . ' the bbc has been criticised by spending watchdog the national audit office ( nao ) over the running costs of new broadcasting house , which are almost double that of comparable buildings in central london . a bbc spokesman said : ' it is occasionally necessary to book nearby venues , especially for larger meetings . value for money is always taken into account . ' but jonathan isaby , chief executive of the taxpayers ' alliance , said licence fee-payers would be furious over spiralling costs . new broadcasting house is home to three 24-hour news channels , nine radio networks and 6,000 staff . 