a mother whose two sons were mutilated by boston bombers dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev has said it is ' way too soon ' for mark wahlberg to be turning the atrocity that maimed her family into a movie . liz norden 's adult sons , jp and paul , each lost their right leg when they were hit by the explosive mix of shrapnel and ball-bearings unleashing by the tsarnaevs ' primitive explosives in april 2013 . the men , now in their mid-thirties , were received horrific wounds as they shielded friends from the second of two blasts which went off by the finish line at the boston marathon almost two years ago . scroll down for video . ' way too soon ' : liz norden , right , whose sons jp and paul each lost a leg in the boston bombings , has said a planned film by mark wahlberg , left , dramatizing the bombings is premature . real life : pictured are norden 's adult sons , paul , left , and jp , right . they each lost their right leg when tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev detonated bombs by the finish line of the 2013 boston marathon . in response to the news that boston-born celebrity wahlberg is teaming up with cbs to make a feature film from the most harrowing day of her life , norden pointed out that for many the pain is still visceral and real . she said : ' i do n't think that could ever be re-created . i 've sat in the courtroom with survivors and family members and seen what everybody is going through . ' it 's been two years ... but people who live it day in and day out , their lives are just coming back somewhat . ' for people dealing with putting legs on every day or people who lost loved ones , that does n't go away . ' jp and paul , who both use prosthetic legs , now help run a charity alongside their mother dedicated to helping fellow amputees . blast : explosions at the 2013 boston marahton are pictured in the above security footage , released by fedreal prosecutors . together : liz is pictured above with her two sons , who now use prosthetic legs and are said to be living a relatively normal life again . at a recent fundraiser covered by local station wcvb , jp said he has now recovered enough to live a relatively normal life . he said : ' i 'm starting to work and doing things as usual - i 'm getting married in october . so i 'm great . ' however , the victims of the attack still contend daily with the toll taken on their lives by the fanatical brothers . tamerlan , the elder tsarnaev , was killed in a firefight not long after the attack . dzhokhar was captured , and last week was convicted of all 30 charges leveled against him in connection with the bombing . guilty : dzhokhar tsarnaev , pictured left in an fbi handout photo and right in a courtroom sketch , was found guilty on 30 separate charges related to the bombing , 18 of which can carry the death penalty . more than half of those charges can be punished by death , and he is due to be sentenced in the coming weeks . jp and paul have both declined to say whether they think tsarnaev should be put to death , though their mother has said that he should be . wahlberg announced his film , which will be called patriot 's day , in the middle of the highly-publicized trial . cbs films said the movie will be based on a firsthand account from former boston police commissioner ed davis of the investigation and massive manhunt for the tsarnaevs . after the announcements other boston residents weighed in . eileen mcnamara , a former boston globe columnist , said : ' how does someone who markets himself as `` a boston guy '' not see that it is far too soon , that the city is still far too sad for its trauma to be transformed into mass entertainment ? ' charlie wilder of boston.com also weighed in , saying : ' the trial has served as almost a movie of the events itself , making the concurrent announcement of a fictionalized portrayal feel unnecessary and inappropriate . ' maybe one day , even someday relatively soon after the trial , turning the events into a film worthy of the story would help the healing and honor the lives of those affected . ' but for now , wahlberg — who plays up his boston roots whenever he gets the chance — picked the wrong time to break the news . ' wahlberg 's representatives did not return calls and emails seeking comment . 