a mother whose teenage daughter was tortured to death by her sadistic lover has spoken for the first time of her heartbreak . margaret bates , from mottram , tameside , said she is still unable to read the autopsy report detailing the 150 injuries her 17-year-old daughter kelly-anne suffered at the hands of her violent lover james smith . too traumatised to speak about her only daughter 's death until now , mrs bates , 60 , said she is consumed by one thought - that she wished she had killed smith when she first met him . margaret and tommy bates are speaking about their daughter kelly-anne 's brutal murder for the first time . kelly-anne bates enjoys time with her friends . mrs bates , who has two sons , andrew , 39 , and paul , 33 , said : ' i know i shouldn’t say this , but i wish i’d killed him the first time i saw him . that way kelly would still be alive . ' over three barbaric weeks , smith burnt kelly-anne with an iron , scalded her with boiling water and even gouged out her eyes . smith also tied her to a radiator by her hair , broke her arm and knees and stabbed her all over her body with knives , forks and scissors , causing 150 separate injuries before beating her with a shower head and drowning her in the bath . throughout the horrific onslaught , the terrified teenager was alive , begging for mercy . smith , who was then 49 , got life imprisonment and must serve a minimum of 25 years for his horrific crimes . next year marks the 20th anniversary of kelly-anne 's death , but mrs bates said even with the passage of time , she and her husband tommy , 66 , are unable to read the post-mortem report which details the injuries their daughter endured . flashback : kelly-anne and her mother margaret on holiday in barry island , wales . ' every now and again , i phone the coroner to ask for the post-mortem report but each time i back out . i ca n't face it - i never will , ' she said . mrs bates said as a little girl , kelly-anne was a tomboy who loved playing football with her friends . she also adored children , and often babysat for neighbours . she said : ' kelly loved children and wanted to be a teacher . she was soft-hearted and very maternal . ' sadistic killer james smith . at 14 , while babysitting for a friend , kelly-anne met james smith . he began a grooming process which was so secretive that her parents knew nothing about him for two years . when kelly-anne was 15 , she stayed out over night and her panicked parents called the police . when she finally came home , the following morning , she claimed to have stayed over with a schoolfriend called rachel . mrs bates said : ' i knew she was lying . it was n't like her , but i 'd no idea what was going on . ' kelly was a good girl . as well as babysitting , she had a job on a market stall at weekends . she played hockey and she was clever at school . she was hard-working and sensible and i could never have dreamed she was being groomed by a monster . ' she said kelly-anne once arrived home with a black eye and told her parents she had been attacked by a gang of girls in the street . soon afterwards , kelly-anne announced she had a new boyfriend , james smith , who she said was 32 years old . ' the first time i met him , he swaggered down the stairs and it made the hairs stand up on the back of my neck , ' said mrs bates . ' he was much older than i expected and this wasn’t the man i wanted for my daughter . i vividly recall seeing our bread knife in the kitchen and wanting to pick it up and stab him in the back . ' it was a bizarre thought - i would never normally think of anything so violent and now i wonder whether it was some sort of sixth sense . 'i’ve thought about that many times . ' kelly-anne and her brothers andrew and paul have some fun on the beach . margaret bates said kelly-anne was very maternal and here the teenager feeds a baby . margaret bates and her only daughter kelly-anne as a baby . mrs bates called police and social services but because kelly-anne was 16 they could not help . she said : ' i didn’t know what do to . she was very strong-minded and she wouldn’t listen to me . and i was worried that , if i fell out with her , it would just push them closer together . ' one night she came home and her face was black and blue . another time , her hand was bruised . i suspected smith was hitting her , but kelly-anne denied it . ' i rang the police but they said there was nothing they could do without a statement from kelly . ' in november 1995 , 17-year-old kelly-anne moved in with smith who lived in gorton , manchester . kelly-anne gets to grips with crutches after injuring herself as a teenager . she spoke to her parents most weeks on the phone , when smith was present , but never saw them again . mrs bates said : ' in addition to worrying about kelly-anne , our youngest son , paul , was in hospital for weeks and i had a hernia operation too , so our lives were thrown into chaos . ' we even went round to smith 's address to try to persuade her to come home , but he was there all the time . the young kelly-anne smiles for the camera . ' on one visit he showed me a hole in his floor boards where he said he 'd had a gas leak . ' just a few weeks later , he kept kelly prisoner in the hole while he tortured her . ' mrs bates said she then discovered that smith was 48 years old - 21 years older than kelly-anne . she said she pleaded with kelly-anne to leave him , but by now , smith controlled all their contact . in the weeks before her death , kelly-anne endured unimaginable torture while her family - terrified of pushing her even further into smith’s clutches - waited by the phone . ' in april , i got a mother 's day card from kelly in smith 's handwriting and i 'd had enough , ' she said . ' but i was torn ; i did n't want to keep going round there because i thought it was making things worse . ' it haunts me to think if we had gone round there she would be alive today . ' mrs bates said she contacted the police domestic violence unit and was encouraged to give her daughter its leaflets . tragically , mrs bates was never to see kelly-anne again and said she still has the leaflets to this day . on april 16 , 1996 , mrs bates said police arrived to tell them that kelly-anne was dead . kelly-anne had been starved and had lost more than three stone in weight . loving tribute : a floral tribute bearing kelly-anne 's name at her funeral , which took place the day before her 18th birthday . her body was so badly mutilated that police and pathologists said it was the worst case of abuse they had ever seen . the jury at smith 's trial was offered counselling due to the horrific details of the case . kelly-anne was buried the day before her 18th birthday . smith was jailed for life in november 1997 and during the trial it emerged that he had a horrific history of violence towards women . mr and mrs bates have now set up a local branch of the national support group support after murder or manslaughter ( samm ) for other parents and have found some comfort in helping other families . ' i wish i had killed smith myself , ' added mrs bates . ' i want him to die just like kelly did . not a day goes by when i don’t think that . ' but he had her in his clutches and i couldn’t save her . ' flowers , cards and messages are piled up on kelly-anne 's grave . 