from david cameron and nick clegg sitting on the gogglebox sofa to ed miliband doing a kate winslet in titanic , these are some of the best memes posted in reference to the leaders’ debate . other images show scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon posing with a rather sceptical face , and mr miliband superimposed over london rapper plan b , issuing a call to ‘ come at me bruv’ . this is thought to reference how the labour leader posed a direct message to the prime minister , saying : ' david , if you think this election is about leadership , then debate me one-on-one . ' labour leader : mr miliband is superimposed over london rapper plan b , issuing a call to ' come at me bruv ' . watching at home : prime minister david cameron and his deputy nick clegg were superimposed over christopher steed and stephen webb , two men from brighton who appear on channel 4 series gogglebox . alluring pose ? mr miliband was accompanied in one photo by the caption ' debate me like one of your french girls ' - a reference to when rose asks jack in the 1997 film titanic to ' draw me like one of your french girls ' . ' fight me , b**** ' : the labour leader posed a direct message to the prime minister , saying : ' david , if you think this election is about leadership , then debate me one-on-one ' odd one out : the five party leaders who took part in the debate were put in the places of the mighty morphin power rangers in another image - although mr farage was hidden behind the black ranger , zack taylor . the images were inspired by a debate that saw mr miliband warned he would not get into power without lurching left , as miss sturgeon told him he is ‘ not strong enough’ to win power on his own . he took a high-risk choice to appear with the snp leader , ukip 's nigel farage , green leader natalie bennett and plaid cymru 's leanne wood - but david cameron and nick clegg stayed away . the prime minister and his deputy were therefore superimposed over christopher steed and stephen webb , two men from brighton who commentate on tv in the channel 4 series gogglebox . ' did ye , aye ? ' : scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon poses with a sceptical face in this meme . gone missing : this mock-up of mr cameron and mr clegg - superimposed on a clip from 2014 film the riot club was among the images posted under the hashtag # wherearecleggandcameron . wolf of wall street : it was also suggested that mr cameron and mr clegg could be partying with stockbrokers . preparing for battle : mr miliband pictured as rocky in the famous meat-punching scene from the 1976 film . on his own : four of the five party leaders shook hands with each other - but mr farage ( right ) was left alone . debate participants : ( from left ) labour party leader ed miiband , plaid cymru party leader leanne wood , green party leader natalie bennett , scottish national party leader nicola sturgeon and ukip 's nigel farage . and the five party leaders who did take part were put in the places of the mighty morphin power rangers in another image - although mr farage was hidden behind the black ranger , zack taylor . this was after the ukip leader referred to a ' total lack of comprehension on this panel ' , and was shunned by most of the other politicians at the end of the debate , who did not shake hands with him . meanwhile mr miliband was captioned with the phrase ‘ debate me like one of your french girls’ - a reference to when rose asks jack in the 1997 film titanic to ‘ draw me like one of your french girls’ .