a missouri family has bee reunited 49 years after a mother was falsely told her daughter had died at the hospital just hours after being born . for the first time , zella jackson price , 76 , and melanie diane gilmore , 49 , met in-person at price 's olivette home . when price gave birth at homer g. phillips hospital so many years ago , she was told shortly after delivery that the infant had died . but gilmore was alive and for an unknown reason adopted by another family . scroll down for video . zella jackson price ( pictured ) , 76 , was told shortly after delivering her baby that the infant had died . but the baby was still very much alive and had for an unknown reason been given up for adoption . melanie diane gilmore , 49 , has been reunited with her mother after 49 years . her children helped her find her mother through a name given to gilmore through her adoptive parents . price and gilmore immediately embraced when the daughter arrived at her mother 's house in olivette , missouri . ' i 'm so elated . i 'm just hugging her and there 's such a big family . she did n't know she had so many people here in st. louis , ' she said . price told daily mail online that when she was still in the hospital ward , she was told by doctors her baby , which was prematurely born , had died . the details she was given were very vague , and she said she was told the baby 's twin had died , too , even though she had only had a single-child birth . the hospital had a big maternity ward , she said , adding that she had seen women nursing the wrong babies while she was there . ' there 's a lot of information they should have given me , ' price said . ' i still have a lot of questions . ' friends of gilmore 's foster parents revealed to price this week that her daughter had spent six months in an incubator before being taken to the family who adopted her . her foster parents have since died , but price said it was heartwarming to know that she grew up in a good home . ' she ended up in a family of love . they cared for her so much , ' price said . gilmore , who lost her hearing when she was three years old after a childhood illness , said meeting her biological mother - her father has passed away - is something she 's wanted for a long time . price and gilmore exchanged many hugs and said they loved one another during their first in-person meeting . ' i 'm just so happy ... very excited , ' she told ktvi . gilmore 's four children knew about their mother 's wish and researched a name that gilmore was given from her adoptive parents . they eventually came across zella price . price received a text message from one of gilmore 's four children at 4am several weeks ago , something she ' will never forget ' . ' she texted me a messaged asking if i was her grandmother . i said , `` why do you think that '' , and she started asking questions and asked if i had given birth on november 25 - which i had , ' price said . the mother and daughter eventually video chatted on oovoo and the pair did a dna test and confirmed price was gilmore 's mother . and then they decided to meet in person . on the day she met her mother , gilmore was also able to meet her biological brother harvey , who picked her and her own daughter and son up at lamber-st. louis international airport . the family had flown from oregon . gilmore also had a chance to meet her biological brother harvey , who picked gilmore and her children up from the airport . when the mother and daughter finally came face-to-face , they hugged for several moments and said they loved each other . ' there was a bond that automatically started when we saw each other , ' price said . she added that she has been hurt by the separation and is relieved to have a new start . ' ( god ) has given me everything the devil has taken from me , ' price , an accomplished gospel singer , told ktvi . ' i 'm getting it back . i 'm getting my baby back . ' price said that gilmore 's kids told her they had n't ever seen her as happy as she was when she arrived in st. louis to meet her biological mother . ' she 's been dancing and all of her comedy and laughter has come out , ' price said . ' we 're all so happy . ' the family will soon begin an investigation into what happened at the hospital the day gilmore was born . price has hired an attorney to help with the process . but for now , they celebrate being a family once again . 'there’s nothing greater . there’s nothing greater than this . nothing , ' price said . price ( center ) said that she 's looking forward to having a second chance at forming a relationship with her daughter , who she thought had died nearly 50 years ago .