when clare hines found out she was pregnant she was faced with an agonising choice – cancel an operation to remove the tumour growing on her brain or terminate her unborn baby . ms hines , then 27 , from darra in brisbane , had suffered epileptic seizures for 10 years but had recently noticed that her balance was gone and she was struggling to hear out of her right ear . after a number of tests doctors discovered she had a benign tumour that had wrapped itself around her acoustic , facial and balance nerve – and told her she had have it surgically removed or she risked the tumour turning malignant . scroll down for video . clare hines , who lives in brisbane , was diagnosed with a brain tumour after suffering epileptic seizures . one week before brain surgery she found out she was pregnant . she went against doctors ' warnings to keep the baby and give birth to her son noah . but in february 2012 , one week before she was due to go into surgery , she took a pregnancy test that turned out positive . ' i went to doctor booked and told her i 've been the pill for 10 years - this was n't planned , ' ms hines told daily mail australia . ' she asked me ' what do you want to do , do you want to carry on with pregnancy or have your surgery ? ' ' i felt sick - how can you ask somebody that ? ' doctors warned ms hines that the baby would not survive being under general anaesthetic for 12 hours if she had the operation . they also warned her that if she kept the baby , her pregnancy hormones would likely cause the tumour to grow significantly . her baby was also at a higher risk of being born with birth defects , but she decided to push ahead with the pregnancy . seven weeks after noah was born , ms hines and their newborn flew back to her home of manchester in the uk to finally undergo surgery to remove her brain tumour , which had almost doubled in size . ms hines is pictured seeing noah for the first time in three weeks , after her brain surgery . ' i 'm a strong believer in fate – i thought this is meant to happen and maybe this baby is going to be my strength to get me through , ' she said . ' all my friends were really shocked - friends said ' how could you be so stupid ? ' ' but i thought you know what , it 's nothing to do with you it 's my choice . ' ms hines ' pregnancy was difficult and she suffered from exhaustion , stress and anxiety – but the real test came when she went into labour . ' it was the worst labour ever , i had three seizures in the middle , ' she said . ' when you seizure all your muscles contract and they could basically squash the baby . ' doctors made the decision to perform an emergency caesarean and ms hines gave birth to her son noah on october 16 , 2012 . ' he was n't breathing when he was born he had to be resuscitated , that was the shock of the birth , ' she said . ' at first we did n't hear any cries . doctors had to perform an emergency caesarean after ms hines suffered three seizures during labour . ms hines said she and her husband marcus were very worried about noah , but tests showed he was healthy . ' but then he opened his mouth and his vocal cords started working . he only cried for like 30 seconds and he did n't cry for five days afterwards . ' ms hines said she and her husband marcus hines were very worried about noah , but tests showed he was healthy . ' he had 10 toes , 10 fingers , his hearing and eyesight were good - everything seemed to be fine , ' she said . seven weeks after noah was born , mr and ms hines and their newborn flew back to her home of manchester in the uk to finally undergo surgery to remove her brain tumour , which had almost doubled in size . ' i wanted to go back to the uk to have the surgery done there – i thought that if something happens to me i do n't want to die here i want to be around family , ' she said . ' my husband took me to hospital and i just remember feeling nauseous , dizzy and just really , really frightened . ' after returning to australia following her surgery , ms hines suffered another accident at the gym . in january 2103 , after a 10 and a half hour operation , she woke up in terrible pain and had completely lost hearing in her right ear . she also contracted bacterial meningitis forcing her to stay in hospital for four weeks without seeing noah . but ms hines said the moment they were reunited made it all worth it . ' i was n't supposed to hold him but i just wanted to see him , ' she said . ' as soon as i did the pain just went away . ' i thought `` this is why he happened . he happened to make me better . '' the young family returned to australia and ms hines returned to work . b . but in an effort to get healthy again she went to the gym , where she had another seizure while running on a treadmill causing massive injuries to her face . she had to undergo more surgery to have a metal plate put in her cheek and eye socket . ms hines is now 30 and has been seizure-free for two years . she has started a new job as an account manager at a marketing company but she struggles to communicate with her colleagues without hearing in her right ear . ms hines and husband marcus ( pictured with noah ) arein tens of thousands of dollars ' worth of debt due to the cost of flying to the uk for her operation , her medication and the multiple specialists she sees regularly . ms hines is now 30 and has been seizure-free for two years . she has started a new job as an account manager at a marketing company but she struggles to communicate with her colleagues without hearing in her right ear . ms hines - who is in tens of thousands of dollars ' worth of debt due to the cost of flying to the uk for her operation , her medication and the multiple specialists she needs to see regularly - is trying to raise money to buy a hearing aid . ' i need a hearing aid to help me – i ca n't hear noah in the night when i lay on my side , ' she said . ' i ca n't drive because ca n't hear traffic coming on the right side , i ca n't get a bike because ca n't hear cars . ' she has started a mycause page in the hope of raising funds – with any extra money she raises to be donated to the brain foundation , epilepsy action australia and the queensland acoustic neuroma association . the family is trying to raise money so ms hines can buy a hearing aid . her son noah is now two-and-a-half years old and ms hines says she does n't regret the decisions she made . her son noah is now two-and-a-half years old and although he is seeing a speech therapist he is a healthy toddler . ' he 's not talking , and we think he 's getting frustrated because he ca n't explain what he wants , ' ms hines said . ' we do worry about it because of the pregnancy and labour , you do n't know if it caused long-term effects . ' he has terrible mood swings but we just do n't know if that 's a two-year-old being a two-year-old . ' but ms hines says she does n't regret the decisions she made . ' i would not change having my son . i would n't change coming to australia , would n't change going back to uk for me operation , ' she said . ' i 'm in a lot of debt and it 's caused a lot of stress but your health is more important than anything . ' ms hines has started a mycause page to raise money for a hearing aid and for charity . 