defender daryl janmaat has admitted newcastle got exactly what they deserved from their derby trip to sunderland - nothing . the 25-year-old holland full-back played the full 90 minutes of sunday 's 1-0 barclays premier league defeat at the stadium of light despite suffering a suspected tear in his calf muscle during the warm-up , but was unable to prevent the black cats running out winners as the magpies slipped to a record fifth successive defeat in the fixture . newcastle created little of note on another poor day for john carver 's men , and janmaat was pulling no punches as he assessed the fall-out . daryl janmaat ( left ) has admitted that newcastle united 's performance in their tyne-wear derby against sunderland was n't good enough and they got exactly what they deserved - nothing . the holland full-back played the full 90 minutes despite a suspected calf muscle tear . janmaat tries to get across and stop a cross from sunderland 's steven fletcher at the stadium of light . he told nufctv : ' it was not good enough . the first half was really poor , we were too negative , so it was not good enough . the second half was much better , but it still was n't good enough . ' i would n't say we did n't give everything . what i can say is we were not good enough and everybody saw that sunderland were better , especially in the first half . ' if you are not good enough , then most of the time , you lose . ' newcastle were simply not at the races as a sunderland side motivated by new head coach dick advocaat dominated from the off , although they looked like making it to half-time unharmed before jermain defoe smashed home a stoppage-time volley which proved to be the tangible difference between the teams . janmaat said : ' a goal in the last minute of the first half , it 's always hard to concede it because you go into the dressing room with a bad feeling . if you go in at 0-0 , you can be positive in the dressing room , but if you concede a goal in the 47th minute , then it 's hard . jermain defoe scored the winning goal - a spectacular volley - on the stroke of half-time . defoe 's goal proved to be ample reward for sunderland 's dominance in the tyne-wear derby . the result moves sunderland three points clear of the barclays premier league relegation zone . april 13 liverpool ( a ) . april 19 tottenham hotspur ( h ) . april 25 swansea city ( h ) . may 2 leicester city ( a ) . may 9 west bromwich albion ( h ) . may 16 queens park rangers ( a ) . may 24 west ham ( h ) . ' but they deserved to score in the first half because they had maybe 20 free-kicks and they were better than us , then normally you score a goal . like i said , it was not good enough . ' defeat was greeted with fury by frustrated fans who have now seen sunderland take 17 of the 21 points on offer in the last seven derby encounters . indeed , the black cats have won just 17 of their last 75 league games , five of them against their neighbours , a statistic which provides a damning indictment of newcastle 's lack of progress on the field . the magpies last week reported profits of £18.7million at a time when its recruitment policy has once again come under close scrutiny . carver went into sunday 's game with only one recognised central defender and right-back janmaat having to play in the middle with midfielders ryan taylor and jack colback operating as full-backs , and he was also without a proven premier league striker in the 18 . newcastle united manager john carver had to cope with a weakened defence following injuries . janmaat gets stuck into a challenge with sunderland 's steven fletcher during the derby match . that selection crisis was due in part to suspensions for fabricio coloccini and papiss cisse and injuries to steven taylor , paul dummett and massadio haidara , as well as midfielders cheick tiote , siem de jong and rolando aarons , a casualty list which has served to expose the lack of depth in a squad assembled on a budget and made up largely of players sold a move to st james ' park as a stepping stone to bigger things . owner mike ashley 's tight financial constraints mean where the magpies were once able to compete for big names - it was they who sparked the bidding war which ultimately led to wayne rooney 's move to manchester united from everton in 2004 - they are now unwilling to do so even with clubs of a similar or lesser stature , and as a result , less able to do so on the pitch . newcastle have made no secret of their view that the domestic cup competitions are unimportant , and european qualification very nearly ended in disaster during the 2012-13 campaign . mid-table premier league status and financial self-sufficiency remain the stated dual focus and as a result , disenchantment on the terraces has reached epidemic levels . it is against that backdrop that carver is attempting to prove he is the man to replace alan pardew at the helm , but a run of two wins from 13 games represents a less than impressive audition despite the mitigating factors . 