rating : what on earth makes us think the french do off-beat restaurants with rooms better than us ? they do n't . we are streets ahead when it comes to fetching up at a place like mistley and hoping to find somewhere decent to eat and sleep . very decent , in fact , here at the mistley thorn . and outstanding value . happiness on a plate : the mistley thorn has been around for ten years , and revels in an understated luxury . we are paying £100 for two people , dinner , bed and breakfast . do the sums . dinner alone would usually be about £60 ; breakfast at least a tenner each . so that means the room costs a mere £20 . i am almost embarrassed and seek clarification from a friendly young man called rowan , who shows us to our room on the top floor with wonderful views across the stour estuary , where swans preen themselves as the sun sets and the tide recedes . we are in essex , just down the road from manningtree . seafood dining : mersea oysters are available year-round - as are colchester natives , when in season . connected : the hotel is a two-minute walk from mistley station which has services to london liverpool street . i had never heard of mistley , but what a fascinating spot , with a grand twin-towered church ( designed by robert adam ) that originally was meant to be a spa , gorgeous terraces of georgian houses , industrial buildings near the quay that have not yet been dolled up , a post office . the mistley thorn has been around for ten years , in the capable hands of californian sherri singleton . ' a bit of understated luxury , ' is what it says in the directory . bang on . decent baths , powerful showers , ren potions and lotions , muted colours , tongue-and-groove , real ale and terrific nosh . well set : built as a coaching inn circa 1723 , the mistley thorn offers award-winning dining and accommodation . weekends too : the sunday lunch menu features roast red poll beef and local sutton hoo chicken . it is a sunday evening , and plenty are in for dinner - unless they are still here from lunch . we kick off with nibbles that include a stupendous olive tapenade . then i 'm on to six mersea island oysters followed by superb sea bass , while my wife raves about her chowder , followed by moules with chips . everything feels relaxed because it is so well-organised , unpretentious and welcoming . rowan rushes around purposely , and is still doing so in the morning , putting tables and chairs outside in the spring sunshine , papers in the rack , milk in the jug , and arranging eggs from ' happy hens ' owned by one of the managers . and there you have it . the mistley thorn is happiness on a plate . the mistley thorn . high street . mistley . essex . co11 1he . 01206 392821 . www.mistleythorn.co.uk . doubles from £85 b & b . rating : 