patrick bamford believes his long-term future lies at chelsea and hopes winning the championship player of the year award for his 19-goal season on loan at middlesbrough will strengthen his case . the striker beat ipswich town’s daryl murphy and watford’s troy deeney to win the prize at sunday night’s football league awards in central london . after previous loan spells at mk dons and derby county , the 21-year-old has produced his best form yet for aitor karanka’s promotion-chasing side . and he hopes his success has been noted at stamford bridge . chelsea loanee patrick bamford hopes his long-term future will be at stamford bridge . bamford takes centre stage after collecting the championship player of the year award on sunday . ‘there’s no reason why i wouldn’t want to be at chelsea , ’ he said . ‘ that 's my dream , to pull on that blue shirt , so hopefully it 'll come true . ‘ in the premier league , strikers are about 23 or 24 if they 're playing week-in , week-out and at a club like chelsea , you 've got the money to go out and buy a world class striker like diego costa . ‘ and there 's also that pressure they need to win trophies , win the league . it 's just one of those things , you have to stick with it , be patient and hopefully the rewards will come . ’ bamford believes middlesbrough has been the perfect fit for him because the styles of karanka and chelsea manager jose mourinho are so similar . the 21-year-old striker has scored 17 championship goals for middlesbrough this season . chelsea boss jose mourinho ( right ) has been impressed with bamford 's attitude as well as his development . he said : ‘ at the start of the season , i had a discussion with chelsea and they decided that out of the clubs that were interested , middlesbrough would be the best fit . ‘ not only for me as a player but it would make me ready for chelsea next year or the year after . ’ before he returns to london , bamford will play an integral role in trying to get middlesbrough over the line in an insanely tight championship promotion race . their 1-0 win at norwich city on friday night could prove vital , though watford and bournemouth overtook them again on saturday . the young striker will have to compete with the likes of diego costa when he is called back to chelsea . bamford is hoping to help aitor karanka’s middlesbrough side get promoted to the premier league . bamford , who had to come off before the end at carrow road , said : ‘ a massive result . i ca n't put into words how much it meant to us , you saw the reaction of the staff after the game and after i went off and had to sit on the bench , it was the worst 10 or 15 minutes since i 've become a footballer . ‘ in that game , it was awful , there 's nothing you can do on the sidelines and it makes you see what it 's like for managers . ‘ you can see the work we put in week-in , week-out on the training ground , we do deserve to go up but i think a lot of teams think the same thing . bamford hopes to be part of gareth southgate’s england under 21 squad for the european championships . ‘ it 's going to be tight , it 's going to be an exciting finish to be sure . ’ after that , bamford hopes to be part of gareth southgate’s england under 21 squad for the european championships in the czech republic this summer . he said : ‘ that 's my aim and with the friendlies with germany and the czech republic , i had to pull out because i 've had a problem with my toe for the last few months . ‘ i spoke to gareth about it and he said make sure i 'm okay for the summer because that 's the aim . first priority is to get promoted with middlesbrough and then after to try and win the euros . ’