dallas nurse nina pham contracted ebola while caring for thomas eric duncan , the first u.s. patient to die from the deadly disease . a hospital operator has denied allegations of poor training and improper preparation in seeking dismissal of a lawsuit by a nurse who contracted ebola while caring for the first u.s. patient to die from the deadly disease . texas health resources filed a response on friday to the march 2 lawsuit by nurse nina pham , the dallas morning news reported saturday . pham , who remains employed at texas health presbyterian hospital dallas but has not returned to work , seeks unspecified damages in her lawsuit . a man visiting dallas from liberia , thomas eric duncan , died october 8 at the hospital . pham and another nurse caring for duncan contracted ebola but survived . texas health resources spokesman wendell watson said in a statement friday that the company and the hospital acted responsibly to protect their employees , basing their responses on the most up-to-date federal guidelines and with leading experts at emory university hospital in atlanta . the hospital also respected pham 's privacy and acted only with her consent , the statement said . a doctor on october 16 videotaped pham , who was in a hospital bed , in images later made public . ' nina pham has gone through the unprecedented challenge of being the first nurse to whom the ebola virus was transmitted while caring for a patient with ebola in the u.s. , ' the statement said . a doctor video taped nina pham while she was in her hospital bed on october 16 and images ( pictured ) were later made public . the hospital says it respected pham 's privacy and only acted with her consent . ' our care and compassion for nina is paramount , and we will continue to show her the utmost courtesy , dignity and respect as a member of the texas health family , ' the statement continued . since pham contracted the disease while working for the hospital as an intensive care nurse , her remedy should be a worker 's compensation claim , not in civil court , the hospital 's response said . ' i am disappointed but not surprised about the answer thr filed , ' said pham 's attorney , charla aldous . ' my hope was that they would come clean and be honest about what happened so that the health care community can learn from the mistakes made , ' aldous added .