michael buckley , 60 , from forest hill , south east london , died after being hit by a shopping trolley as he bought festive groceries at marks & spencer . a shopper caused the death of a frail widower by ' deliberately ramming ' him with her trolley , a court heard yesterday . melanie buck is said to have become frustrated because the food aisles in marks & spencer were gridlocked by christmas shoppers . when she could not get past 60-year-old michael buckley she exchanged heated words with him before knocking him over with her trolley , it was alleged . mr buckley – who suffered from diabetes and weighed only 8st – fell to the floor in the m & s aisle and broke his thighbone and wrist . when a shop assistant rushed to help him , he allegedly told her : ' she rammed me . ' the following day , an operation under general anaesthetic to repair 5ft 5in mr buckley 's injuries appeared to go well . but on christmas day his condition worsened after he suffered what doctors believe was a heart attack . he was taken into intensive care and put on a life- support machine . two months later , the decision was taken to turn off the machine and he was pronounced dead . prosecuting at croydon crown court yesterday , david howker qc said miss buck , 33 , was out shopping with her mother on december 22 , 2012 . she arrived at the store in the glades shopping centre , in bromley , south-east london , at about 1pm . mr buckley , who wore a hearing aid and was described as ' frail ' , arrived after her and the pair bumped into each other in a food aisle . mr howker said : ' it appears there was something of a gridlock in the aisle and the defendant could not get past him . ' there may have been a clash between his basket and her trolley and a few words exchanged . ' but the upshot was that miss buck , perhaps out of a sense of frustration , deliberately rammed mr buckley with her trolley and the result was to knock him to the floor . ' he added : ' miss buck assaulted mr buckley causing him to fall to the floor and injure himself and cause the chain of events that led to his death . she is responsible for that death . ' as she made her way out of the store , the defendant was followed by a shop worker who told her she could not leave , the court heard . melanie serita buck , 33 , from bromley ( pictured outside croydon crown court ) is accused of killing the frail widower during the alleged trolley rage incident . buck ( left ) has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter as well as an alternative charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm . miss buck , of bromley , told her it was an accident , but the assistant ' disagreed ' and said she would call security if miss buck tried to leave . the court heard mr buckley lived alone in forest hill , south-east london , following the death of his wife in 2010 . following his death , miss buck was charged with manslaughter and an alternative charge of grievous bodily harm . she denies both charges . when interviewed by police , she said she accidentally bumped into mr buckley 's basket as the shop was so busy , and claimed he deliberately hit her trolley with the basket as she apologised . she told officers she accidentally knocked him down as she tried to get past him with her trolley . in court , mr howker admitted mr buckley 's health was poor . ' miss buck would not have known that when she rammed him , ' he added . ' however , her knowledge of mr buckley 's condition is irrelevant really . if you assault someone who is not as robust as the next man or who has a particular susceptibility to injury or death then that is your lookout really . ' you take your victim as you find him … it will be no defence to say that the ordinary healthy man would not have died in similar circumstances . ' the trial continues . the court heard how the incident unfolded at the store ( pictured ) on december 22 , 2012 , when the store was ' gridlocked ' with festive shoppers . mr buckley broke his wrist and thigh bones after crashing to the floor in the aisle ( pictured ) . he died in intensive care three months later due to complications associated with his injuries , the court was told . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .