denial : al sharpton today slammed a report claiming he was banner from the funeral of walter scott . al sharpton has denied that the family of police shooting victim walter scott have barred him from attending his funeral because it would cause a ' circus ' of media attention . the controversial preacher and civil rights campaigner said a report that the family wanted him gone to avoid ' another ferguson type of circus ' is ' bogus ' . he also announced that he would head to north charleston , south carolina , to preach and attend a vigil on sunday , the day after the funeral . allegations that scott 's family wanted nothing to do with sharpton were published by the new york daily news . in response , sharpton said : ' there has never been a discussion about me attending or participating in the funeral on saturday , since everyone knows that [ national action network’s ] convention with thousands of delegates is happening in new york and does n't end until saturday night . ' anthony scott , the victim 's brother , said today that the national action network has been working with the family since walter scott was shot on saturday april 4 . incendiary cell phone footage showed scott being gunned down from behind by slager after he was pulled over for having a broken tail light . slager was fired , arrested and charged with murder when the video came to light , reigniting tensions around policing which took center stage in ferguson , missouri , after teenager michael brown was killed . family : the new york daily news claimed that sharpton 's family asked him to stay away to avoid a ' circus ' . he has said it is untrue . incendiary : scott was shot dead by officer michael slager , right , in north charleston , south carolina . after video footage , above , emerged of the killing , slager was charged with murder . sharpton said the incident proves that a new law is necessary to compel all police officers in the country to wear body cameras while on patrol . he confirmed his intention friday morning to preach at north charleston's charity missionary baptist church . he said his message will be that justice should be pursued ' in a peaceful , legal way ' . after giving a service , he said he will attend a vigil at the spot where scott was killed . sharpton 's involvement comes after dashcam footage from slager 's patrol car was released , showing the traffic stop moments before the shooting . from before : this footage shows scott running away from slager after being pulled over in his car . slager is seen confronting scott over his busted tail light and asking for documentation , which scott says he does not have . when slager returns to his patrol car , scott flees and the officer gives chase . it is not clear what happened in the time between the dashcam footage and the cell phone video . after the shooting it emerged that scott was some $ 7,500 behind in child support payments . it had been reported that a warrant was out for his arrest for this reason - but that was later shown to be false . vigil : sympathizers laid flowers at a makeshift memorial in north charleston at the spot where scott was killed . tributes : a man is pictured above adjusting flower displays and condolence messages in the grassy lot where scott was killed . records show that he last paid child support in july 2012 . but there was no bench warrant directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge . scott had been in jail three times over child support . in 2008 , after a traffic stop in which he was charged with an open-container violation and driving under suspension , he was sent to jail in charleston for six months for failing to pay about $ 6,800 . in 2011 , bench warrants ordered deputies to bring him in , and scott spent a night in jail when he was $ 7,500 behind . in 2012 , he spent another night in jail when he owed $ 3,500 . family members have said he may have run from saturday 's traffic stop because he feared going back to jail over more back child support . 