when lane smith passed away in a freak accident last july , he left behind his heavily-pregnant girlfriend and their unborn son . but now , nearly eight months after his passing , the young oklahoma family has been reunited in their first ever family portrait , thanks to some clever photoshopping by a local photographer . kayli henley was snapping pictures of six-month-old taos and his 20-year-old mother , sierra sharry , when the young mom asked the photographer if she could make their family complete . so henley took a photograph of smith from the family and , with a ghostly filter , fitted the image around his girlfriend and son , as if he were standing over them . scroll down for video . family portrait : a photoshopped image shows sierra sharry holding her six-month-old son taos with her boyfriend , the baby 's father , lane smith , standing behind them . smith passed away before his son 's birth . sharry called the ghostly final picture ' amazing ' . ' lane 's not physically here with us , of course , but that picture represents to us that he is always watching over us and he will always be there for us no matter what , ' she told koco . after sharing the image to her facebook page , the photographer found that other people thought the image was amazing too . it has been liked more than 200,000 times and shared more than 25,000 times , and henley has been inundated with requests to create other pictures for families who have lost a loved one . in a post shared on the facebook page , sharry explained that in july 2014 , she and 26-year-old smith had been nervous about the impending birth of their son . ' we were scared as any new parents would be but ready for the adventure together , ' she said . excitement : 26-year-old lane smith , pictured with his girlfriend in the couple 's pregnancy announcement , died after hitting his head in an accident in july 2014 . his son was born just a few weeks later . when she was around eight months pregnant , they went to jet boat races in el reno , she recalled . but the weather was too warm for sharry , so she left her boyfriend there with his family . ' when i left lane that day i had no clue it would be the last time i 'd see him , ' she wrote . but in the early hours of the next day , she awoke to a call that smith had been rushed to the ou medical center in oklahoma city after he had fallen and hit his head . she and her mother raced to his side . they never considered his injuries could be life-threatening , but once they got there , they were given ' absolutely no hope that lane was going to make it ' . ' july 13th 2014 was the absolute worst day of my life , ' she explained . ' i lost my best friend . the father of my unborn child . and since that day i have felt so empty inside . a part of me will forever be missing . i loved that man more than life itself . ' strong : sharry said that part of her has been missing since the death of taos ' father but that the photograph allowed her to see her complete family for the first time . she is pictured in another image from the shoot . missed : she said she knows that smith , pictured left , will always be watching over her and their son , right . their son was born just a few weeks later and when he approached six months , sharry asked henley , who is baked in yukon , if she 'd be able to put together a family photo . ' i just got to thinking , we do n't have a picture with lane in it , ' sharry explained to koco . so rene created the photo that has since been shared thousands of times online . ' it brought me to tears , ' sharry wrote about the photograph . ' this is how i picture us . taos and i living our lives the best we can with lane always watching over our shoulder . ' rene said she was happy to be able to help . ' as soon as i met taos , he had a smile that was so contagious , the happiest baby boy , and he instantly captured my heart , ' she said on her facebook page . ' [ i ] never knew if i could make this reality for them . so glad i could and they can cherish this forever . '