chip shop boss john clarkson has created a new answer to the creme egg question of ' how do you eat yours ? ' - by turning the chocolate into a pie to serve with chips . eschewing the savoury favourites of sausage and egg or mince pies , mr clarkson decided to wrap the easter delicacies in pastry before they were battered and deep-fried . the result is his very own 'pie-egg-ra ' dish - creme egg oozing from the traditional pie casing which is then served with chips to more adventurous customers at a price of £2.75 . scroll down for video . the 'pie-egg-ra ' dish contains one and a half cadbury 's creme eggs and is served with a side of chips . john clarkson in his chip shop mr eaters fish and chips in preston , lancashire . the 55-year-old fryer , says the savoury-sweet mix is a hit with customers , who have taken to dipping chips into the creme egg ' yolk ' like traditional toast soldiers . the pie was created by blind-baking the casing as the egg would otherwise melt down , then one-and-a-half creme eggs were popped in as a filling . a lid is put on to seal the dish before the pie is battered and fried until golden , and if the timings are expertly observed , the chocolate will just begin to soften in the middle . mr clarkson , who runs mr eaters fish and chips in preston , lancashire , said : ' i love easter and i love creme eggs but i thought it would be fun to try and put my own spin on them . ' everyone has heard of battered mars bars by now so i thought , `` what would be the next step up ? '' mr clarkson rolls out the pie casing ( left ) before stuffing one and a half creme eggs into it ( right ) . the pie is then covered with a lid and dipped in batter ( left ) before being quickly deep fried ( right ) . ' creme eggs are just the right size and shape to be placed in a pie , so i thought ' why not ? ' ' it 's a laugh and i always like seeing what i can conjure up next for customers that might be seen as a bit strange or unusual . if you 're tired of battered sausage , you might just fancy a crème egg pie . ' his wife corinne added : ' they actually taste delicious and i do n't even like crème eggs ! ' the couple are no stranger to wacky food creations . last year , they created the world 's largest battered ferrero rocher which weighed a whopping 5kg and contained around 25,000 calories . mr clarkson says his savoury-sweet mix is a hit with customers , who have taken to dipping chips into the creme egg yolk , much like traditional toast soldiers . and while this particularly sweet-savoury offering may seem odd to some , mr clarkson is n't the first to have added his own touch to creme eggs . the creme egg in a scotch egg . a family butcher in the scottish borders has come up with a new way to eat the eggs - inside a scotch egg . greig foston and benjamin webb say their snack contains 1,000 calories - and is best served warm so the chocolate melts with the chilli-flavoured pork . foston 's fine meats in the village of duns , berwickshire , scotland , is now even planning to sell mini egg sausages to add to shop 's easter offering . for just £1.85 you too could could enjoy the cadbury 's creme egg surrounded by chilli flavoured sausage meat and covered in breadcrumbs . butcher greig foston explained : ' we always try to think up something new and exciting for the time of year - we try to get our thinking caps on . ' the 36-year-old continued : ' we came up with the sweet chilli in the sausage meat and the egg in the middle . ' cadbury 's creme eggs , which were first sold in the uk as fry 's creme eggs in 1963 are one of the country 's best-selling chocolates , despite only being sold between new year 's day and easter . they have often used the slogan ' how do you eat yours ? ' in adverts on and off since the 1980s with unusual methods being featured on tv advertisements .