hundreds of payday lenders will be wiped out by tougher rules designed to protect customers , experts have predicted . it comes as wonga , the uk’s biggest payday loans firm , today revealed it racked up a £37.3million loss last year following a significant reduction in uk consumer lending while it attempts to clean up its tarnished image . revenues declined to £217.2million in the period , down by almost £100million . wonga 's executive chairman andy haste said : ' we know it will take time to repair our reputation and gain an accepted place in the financial services industry , but we 're determined to deliver on our plans and serve our customers in the right way . ' hundreds of payday lenders , such as wonga , will be wiped out by tougher rules designed to protect customers , experts have predicted . the city watchdog has forecast that just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in january . they include a daily interest cap of 0.8 per cent and stricter affordability checks to ensure customers can repay loans . the true picture should become clearer later this year , as the financial conduct authority ( fca ) attempts to weed out dodgy firms . payday lenders have all had to apply for a license to trade and will learn in the coming months whether they have been successful . robin savage , an analyst from investment bank canaccord genuity described some of the tactics used by payday lenders – such as extending loan terms and adding interest to customers who can not afford to repay - as ‘evil’ . he said : ‘ if firms can’t do proper checks and find customers that can repay them then they do not deserve to survive . ’ wonga , has become a lightning rod for public fury over payday lenders . last year it took a £35million hit from writing off debts worth £220million owed by more than 300,000 customers . it was also ordered to pay £2.6million in compensation after sending fake legal letters between 2008 and 2010 to 45,000 customers who had fallen behind on their repayments . the city watchdog has forecast that just three or four payday lenders out of 400 will be left standing following the introduction of the rules in january ( file picture ) . a charge of almost £20million will be incurred by the firm to cover compensation as well as legal and administrative costs . wonga has been accused of trying to lure youngsters to take out payday loans with its controversial puppet adverts . its new chairman andy haste – brought in to clean up the business – has ditched the adverts and admitted that it will be smaller and less profitable under the new regime . the cap on the cost of loans has reduced wonga’s annual interest rate from 5,853per cent to 1,509 per cent since the changes were enforced in january . this will not be reflected in the figures released today , which cover last year . but the losses will include redundancy pay-outs , as wonga is halving its uk workforce , with the loss of 325 jobs . today’s figures showed a slump in customers , after wonga stricter affordability checks in october – ahead of changes enforced by the fca in january .