a chinese policewoman fought off a machete-wielding thug with her bare hands , despite sustaining several wounds in the process . the unarmed 22-year-old , cao yu , held off the man in a terrifying five-minute struggle in a public square in guizhou province in southwestern china earlier this month . the man in his twenties , who was holding two knives , stabbed her in the shoulder after she confronted him while on patrol , reported the people 's daily online . scroll down for video . chinese social media users praised ' tough girl ' cao yu for her incredible bravery . the 22-year-old confronted the man , who was waving around a machete in a public square in south west china . she continued to grapple with him as he wielded the 60 centimetre-long machete , sustaining further wounds to both hands , before her colleagues turned up to bring the man under control . the young policewoman , who was found ' bleeding all over ' , is now recovering in hospital after the horrific incident . ms cao said : ' i could n't just let the man hurt innocent people . ' the 60 centimetre-long knife that caused terrible cuts on the unarmed 22-year-old policewoman . the thug also held another small knife . she added in an interview with a local television station : ' i was trying to take over the machete and stall him until another officer came to help me . ' there were a lot of tourists walking around the square , and i needed to make sure that they were safe . ' the man is thought to have robbed a passer-by when ms cao saw him . bloodied : the wounds on cao yu’s shoulder and right hand after she was struck with the machete . mr cao is getting medical treatment in the local hospital after fighting off the robber . jiao chun , one of the policemen who arrived on the scene , said : ' our colleagues asked him to drop his machete but he did n't . he kept saying that he wanted to rob someone for more money . ' chinese social media users have praised ms cao 's extraordinary bravery after cctv footage of the whole incident was released this week . one user posted on weibo , the chinese equivalent of twitter : ' she is a real tough girl ! those who say they are so tough every single day are not tough at all ! ' another asked why an armed police officer was not sent immediately to deal with the incident : ' where are the qualified policemen ? are we too shorthanded to send an armed and well-trained policeman to fight the bad guy ? '