the idea that your tongue is separated into ‘zones’ for different tastes has been widely debunked - although the exact process taking place is still poorly understood . but now , for the first time , scientists have created a live imaging map of the tongue 's taste buds to determine what happens each time we place food in our mouths . it reveals how taste buds have different cells that are used to differentiate between between the five basic groups of flavours . a harvard-led study has mapped taste buds on a tongue for the first time . scientists examined the different cells used to identify taste and watched these cells capture and process molecules live . shown is a taste bud with receptor cells ( green ) , blood cells ( red ) and collagen surrounding the bud ( blue ) . the research was conducted by an international team that included the australian national university ( anu ) and the harvard medical school . they used a specially designed microscope system to image single cells on the tongue of a mouse . shining a bright infrared laser on the mouse’s tongue caused different parts of it and ‘ flavour molecules’ to fluoresce . penguins lost three of the five basic vertebrate tastes - sweet , bitter and the savoury , meaty taste known as umami - more than 20 million years ago and never regained them , researchers have found . researchers say the genes were lost after cold antarctic temperatures interfered with taste perception . university of michigan researchers said they were surprised by the discovery . because penguins are fish eaters , the loss of the umami taste is especially perplexing , said study leader dr jianzhi ' george ' zhang , a professor in the u-m department of ecology and evolutionary biology . dr zhang suspects the sensory changes are tied to ancient climate-cooling events in antarctica , where penguins originated . using a method called intravital multiphoton microscopy , the scientists were then able to pick out individual taste cells within each bud . they were also able to spot blood vessels up to 240 microns - 240 millionths of a metre ( 0.0024mm ) - below the surface of the tongue . ‘ we 've watched live taste cells capture and process molecules with different tastes , ’ said biomedical engineer dr steve lee , from anu . there are more than 2,000 taste buds on the human tongue , which can distinguish at least five tastes : salty , sweet , sour , bitter and umami - a word used to describe smooth and typically savoury , meaty sensations . however , the relationship between the many taste cells within a taste bud , and our perception of taste , has been a long-standing mystery , said professor seok-hyun yun from harvard medical school . ‘ with this new imaging tool we have shown that each taste bud contains taste cells for different tastes , ’ said professor yun . the breakthrough complements recent studies by other research groups that identified the areas in the brain associated with taste . interestingly , the results showed that taste cells respond not only to molecules contacting the surface of the tongue , but also to molecules in the blood circulation . the researchers used a specially designed microscope system to image single cells on the tongue of a mouse . shining a bright infrared laser on the mouse’s tongue caused different parts of it to fluoresce . the tongue is shown here , with taste buds in blue , among yellow papillae , or small bumps in the tongue 's tissue . using a method called intravital multiphoton microscopy , the scientists were able to pick out individual taste cells within each taste bud . dr steve lee from the australian national university ( anu ) is seen here working on a laser microscope system at the anu research school of engineering . according to assistant professor myunghwan ( mark ) choi from the sungkyunkwan university in south korea , this suggests tasting might ‘ involve an interaction between the food taken orally and blood composition . ’ the team now hopes to develop an experiment to monitor the brain while imaging the tongue to track the full process of taste sensation . however to fully understand the complex interactions that form our basic sense of taste could take years , dr lee added . ‘ until we can simultaneously capture both the neurological and physiological events , we ca n't fully unravel the logic behind taste , ’ he said . the findings were published in the journal nature .