the first family has kicked off this year 's easter celebrations . president barack obama arrived at the alfred street baptist church in alexandria , virginia , on sunday morning with his wife and daughters for the festive service . rev howard-john wesley opened the service by welcoming the president , before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him . scroll down for video . festive : the first family pictured outside alfred street baptist church in alexandria , virginia , after the service . president in the house : obama can be seen to the right of the picture above worshiping on sunday . singalong : the family ( pictured in the second row of the congregation ) joined in with upbeat hymns . ' how fitting that on the day we celebrate the rising of our lord and savior , we also welcome our sitting president , ' wesley said , as the congregation rose to their feet in applause . ' this is not selfie time , ' wesley said jokingly . ' let the brother worship in the house of god . ' it acted as the warm up for the annual easter roll , during which barack and michelle will perform their highly-anticipated dance to uptown funk . churchgoers traditionally walk around to shake hands and give hugs during the greetings and announcements portion of service , but the pastor encouraged the crowd to stay in their seats and greet only their closest neighbors , as the sanctuary was tightly secured with secret service agents . the choir- including women in purple dresses and men sporting purple ties- sang a lively rendition of the hymn ' he lives , ' stirring most of the church , filled to capacity , to clap , sing and sway in praise alongside the upbeat organ keys while ushers collected the tithes and offering . the lively pastor based his sermon around a scripture from 1 corinthians 15 on the life and resurrection of christ . people queued around the block for the service in alexandria , monitored by federal security officers . gathered in their sunday best , the crowds prepared to worship in the 1803 church where bill clinton once sang . ' where do you stand in the resurrection of christ , ' he asked . ' you either believe it or reject it . ' wesley said the sacrifices of christ allowed the congregation to be forgiven for their own sins . ' he took the pain for me . i owe him my life . i owe him my praise . i owe him my hallelujah , ' he said . on monday , children will flock from every state to decorate eggs on the south lawn of the white house . guests , around 35,000 of them , will enjoy a yoga garden and outdoor food stalls . the ' roll ' is a race , with children pushing an egg down a grass track using a long spoon . and this year 's performance will come from the president himself , it has emerged . appearing on jimmy fallon 's talk show this week , the first lady revealed that she will be performing a routine with so you think you can dance contestants on the front lawn of the white house during the annual easter egg roll . well wishes : michelle obama tweeted this message to her thousands of followers on sunday morning . getting ready : this cardboard cut out of the presidential dogs bo and sunny is out for tomorrow 's easter roll . not dressed up yet : the pups are expected to make an appearance at the event ... but not in bunny ears . it will be to the tune of uptown funk . michelle said she has been practicing the dance , called gim me five ! , for over a year in the hope that it will inspire children to exercise . alfred street baptist church dates back to the time when thomas jefferson was in the white house . according to the church 's website , the alexandria baptist society was formed in 1803 when members split from another church in the northern virginia city , and a slave was baptized that year as its first black member . three years later , black members established the colored baptist society as a ' conjoined ' church . in 2000 , president bill clinton visited alfred street a few days before the november election as he sang with the gospel choir and appealed for a large turnout of black voters for vice president al gore in his race against republican george w. bush . 