jolyon palmer is determined to claim a place in formula one next year after being given the perfect opportunity by lotus to prove himself worthy . for the first time the enstone-based marque are providing their test and reserve driver with a number of outings in friday 's first practice session ahead of grand prix weekends . ordinarily in the past , lotus ' reserve has been nothing more than a spare part , stood on the sidelines whilst the race drivers completed their tasks . jolyon palmer will drive in every friday practice session for lotus this season . this year , however , lotus have decided palmer will get a shot , and not just as a driver doing all the donkey work too . every friday palmer will be behind the wheel - as was the case in china last week and again in bahrain this week - his run-plan will be similar to that of whoever he replaces . in china , palmer was only 0.6secs behind pastor maldonado at the end of fp1 , a tremendous effort given it was palmer 's first major outing at an f1 event . if palmer can continue to push , or even on occasion better the times of maldonado and team-mate romain grosjean , doors may open . ' i want to be really pushing the race drivers . that 's the aim , ' said palmer . ' i 'm pretty much running on the same run plan as those guys . it 's not like we 've seen in fp1 sessions before with other drivers where they have been on quali settings , engine turned up or low fuel . ' this year there 's a direct comparison and i want to show why i should be racing next year . ' unfortunately for last year 's gp2 champion , his lack of competitive work outside of his duties with lotus may prove a hindrance . palmer drives during practice for the chinese grand prix last weekend . the 24-year-old from horsham would love to be keeping his hand in , but knows it is something he has to sacrifice to keep his f1 dream alive . ' i want to race , but only if i get the right offer , ' added palmer , son of former f1 driver jonathan . ' if i get a good offer to do something that would be a good career move for me then i 'd like to race . ' it 's about keeping sharp . it 's the one thing i 'm missing this year . ' i 'm loving working with lotus and being in f1 , but i 'd love to be racing as well , so if i get a good offer i 'd love to . ' palmer , though , is not actively seeking further employment because of his commitment to lotus , adding : ' my main focus is all here and i 'm really busy anyway . ' if something came my way then i would definitely consider it , but my main priority is lotus and i will not compromise anything i do here by racing elsewhere . ' but if there is something that came along that could fit in with this then i 'd be happy to do it . '