a third-grade teacher and married mother of three from florida has been charged with selling acid and xanax pills to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old boyfriend . cheryl heineman , 45 , from st cloud , was arrested wednesday at central avenue elementary school in kissimmee on multiple counts of sale and delivery of narcotics . the woman 's suspected accomplice and lover , 20-year-old jack lindsey , is facing the same charges . scroll down for video . breaking bad : cheryl heineman ( left ) , 45 , a third-grade teacher from florida , is accused of selling narcotics to an undercover officer with her 20-year-old lover , jack lindsey ( right ) . hauled off to jail : heineman was arrested wednesday outside central avenue elementary school in kissimmee , where she 's worked since 2005 . the arrests came at the conclusion of a six-week investigation that was launched in early march after an informant tipped off police that lindsey has been known to deal drugs . according to a 26-page arrest affidavit , an undercover detective contacted lindsey late last month asking to purchase acid and xanax . the officer stated that he had bought various controlled substances - xanax , hydrocodone , tramadol , oxycodone , ecstasy and methamphetamine - from the suspect on three previous occasions . investigators believe that heineman , who is married and has three sons , had a romantic relationship with lindsey and would act as his driver on drug deals , reported wkmg . lindsey arranged a meeting march 25 with the undercover officer acting as a buyer in the parking lot of the tractor supply store on 13th street in st cloud , telling him that ' his girl ' would deliver the product . partners in crime : according to police , lindsey set up a drug deal last month , telling an undercover cop acting as a buyer that ' his girl , ' heineman will deliver the pills . nondescript location : the rendezvous between the officer and heineman took place last month in the parking lot of the tractor supply store . evidence : heineman allegedly handed the officer three xanax pills and acid tabs in exchange for $ 100 in cash . at the agreed upon time , a woman later identified as cheryl heineman pulled up in her minivan and handed the officer three xanax pills and acid tabs in exchange for $ 100 in cash , according to the affidavit . like with all the previous drug transactions , police videotaped and recorded the audio of heineman’s encounter with the cop . heineman then left , but police took down her license plate number and were able to identify her . the woman was apprehended by police at central avenue elementary at the end of the school day wednesday and charged with a slew of counts of sale and delivery of schedule iv narcotics ; sale and delivery of a controlled substance ; conspiracy , and possession of drug paraphernalia . wife and mother : heineman is married ( pictured here with her husband ) and has three sons . booted out : the veteran educator , who has been working for the osceola county school system since 1990 , will be reassigned out of the classroom . the local station wftv reported that she was taken to the osceola county jail on $ 28,000 bail . lindsey is being held on $ 48,000 bail . cheryl heineman has been working at the osceola county school district since 1990 in various capacities , including as a teacher at the kissimmee school for the past nine years , reported wesh-tv . district officials said the third-grade teacher will be reassigned out of the classroom to a post where she will have no contact with children pending the outcome of the investigation . 