this is the brilliant young honors student who was brutalized by mad men star jon hamm in a sadistic fraternity hazing ritual . seen here for the first time , mark allen sanders was beaten with a paddle , dragged around a room by his genitals and had his pants set on fire . golden globe winner hamm was one of seven sigma nu brothers who tormented and humiliated sanders when he was a young pledge at the university of texas at austin . the young man was hit so hard during the warped 1990 initiation that he suffered a fractured spine and nearly lost a kidney . scroll down for video . hazing hell : today mark sanders is a doctor and lawyer in fort worth texas . but after he graduated high school in 1988 he entered the university of texas at austin and pledged the sigma nu fraternity . that 's when he met john hamm and his hazing hell began . football hero : jon hamm the year he graduated from john burroughs school in ladue , missouri and one year before his admission to university of texas at austin . partners : jon hamm and jennifer westfeldt attended the `` girls '' season four series premiere after party at the museum of natural history on january 5 , 2015 in new york city . sanders subsequently withdrew from the university and sought counselling to cope with the shameful episode which resulted in a police inquiry and the fraternity chapter being disbanded . hamm , a sophomore , was identified as a ringleader and arrested in 1993 , long before he became one of america 's most recognizable actors playing boozy advertising exec don draper . an assault charge was dismissed , however , and he completed a period of probation instead of receiving a conviction for hazing . our exclusive photos show sanders in his senior year at richland high school in north richland hills , texas where he excelled in his studies , played for the basketball team and was treasurer of the school council . despite his ordeal at ut he was able to resume his education at texas christian university , before going to further institutions to study both law and medicine . the 45-year-old lives now with his wife anada , 41 , and their two children in fort worth , where he works both as a doctor and an attorney specializing in medical malpractice and personal injury . he has declined to speak publicly about his ordeal but the harrowing details are laid bare in court documents dating back more than two decades . in a 1991 interview transcript obtained by daily mail online , sanders tells investigators with the travis county 's attorney 's office how he suffered ' repeated beatings and assaults ' at the hands of sigma nu ' actives ' . he also alleged that he and his fellow pledges were subjected to ' repeated confinements ' in a series of tiny compartments carved into the frat building 's foundations - including ' the pit ' , ' the hole ' and ' the grave ' . sanders listed hamm as one of his chief tormentors , recalling how the future star ordered him to recite a six-page list of phrases pledges are told to memorize called the 'bulls*** list ' . when sanders forgot the last of hamm 's nicknames , which included mc hammer and young bobby , he recalled how hamm got `` mad , i mean really mad ' . sanders told officials the worst of the hazing happened in the early hours of november 10 , 1990 when he was summoned to the house and warned by hamm : 'it’s going to be a long night . ' the junior was then allegedly subjected to two hours of brutal physical attacks as part of his fiery baptism into the fraternity . mark sanders in his 1988 high school yearbook from richland high school in north richland hills . he listed hamm as one of his chief tormentors , recalling how the future star ordered him to recite a six-page list of phrases pledges are told to memorize called the 'bulls*** list ' . when he forgot the last of hamm 's nicknames , which included mc hammer and young bobby , he recalled how hamm got `` mad , i mean really mad ' . hamm and his frat cohorts ' retribution was to spank sanders repeatedly with a paddle . ' i 'm hurting bad , i mean being hit right where the kidney is , it 's killing me , ' sanders told his interviewers . hamm and another fraternity member then lifted sanders up by his underwear , pulling it back and forth in a sawing motion . ' i do n't know how far underwear stretches , i do n't know how far i was off the ground , ' he recalled . ' i was hurting really bad and i remember i was looking up at the ceiling and i was gritting my teeth and squinting my eyes ... it was sawing and it was hurting . ' sanders told investigators how hamm then led him to ' the pit ' where he ordered him to do press-ups and pushed his face into the ground . the distraught pledge felt someone , possibly hamm , standing on his back . hamm is then supposed to have set fire to sanders ' pants and refused to let him pat the flames down , instead making him blow them out . finally he was led upstairs to the ' party room ' when hamm hooked the claw of a hammer underneath his testicles and pulled him around the room ' for at least a minute ' . suave don draper has had to his own dark past on the hit show mad men . but for jon hamm , ' the hazing incident was an isolated incident , ' said a friend . despite his ordeal , sanders was able to resume his education at texas christian university , before going to further institutions to study both law and medicine . the 45-year-old lives now with his wife in fort worth , where he works both as a doctor and an attorney specializing in medical malpractice and personal injury . in the wake of the hazing , sanders fled to a friend 's room to escape further brutality before eventually showing his bruises to fellow students . he later claimed to have suffered nerve damage to his ribs , kidney spasms and a lineal spinal fracture . sanders ' horrified mother margaret reported it to ut authorities , triggering a police investigation and prompting the fraternity to permanently close its ut chapter . university records show hamm , now aged 44 , left the college at the end of the semester without a degree and returned to his hometown in missouri . sanders later launched a lawsuit against sigma nu seeking ' unspecified actual and exemplary damages for willful and wanton misconduct ' . it was dismissed with the agreement of both parties , however , in 1993 , possibly signalling that an out-of-court settlement had been reached . that same year hamm was arrested by the austin police department but court documents show that in 1995 he received deferred adjudication , allowing him to avoid a criminal conviction by serving a period of probation . his hazing shame went unreported for two decades until star magazine broke the story last week in the midst of the final mad men season airing on amc . hamm is yet to comment but a friend told star : ' the hazing incident was an isolated incident in jon 's life . since then , he 's been strong enough to take steps to make himself a better person . ' shame : the allegedly assault saw hamm and seven other frat brothers set fire to the pledge and beat him with a paddle . early career : jon hamm is pictured here on the 1996 show the big date - one year after he had his arrest warrant dismissed and six years after the alleged hazing incident . three sigma nu members also pleaded no contest to charges of hazing , a misdemeanor , and were ordered to serve 15 to 30 days in jail . they were subsequently allowed to complete a community service or work-release program instead . another member was convicted of a lesser hazing violation and fined $ 500 . sander 's attorney , bill whitehurst , did not return calls asking for comment . a warrant was issued for hamm 's arrest in 1992 but the actor reached a plea deal with authorities in 1995 and the charges were dismissed . he returned home to live with his family in missouri and the actor - who recently emerged from a 30-day stint in a rehab facility - began his acting career . a friend told star that although shocking , ' the hazing incident was an isolated incident in jon 's life . since then , he 's been strong enough to take steps to make himself a better person . ' hazing incident : following the alleged assault of sanders , the sigma nu fraternity at ut-austin ( pictured ) was shut down .  