if all your hashtags , retweets and favourites seem overwhelming , twitter has a solution . the site has today rolled out a new feature dubbed ' highlights ' , aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day . the service provides a twice-daily summary ' of the best tweets for you , delivered via rich push notification , ' twitter 's gordon luk said in a blog post . twitter has rolled out a new feature aimed at helping users sift through the large number of tweets on their feed each day . highlights is limited to english-language readers with the twitter app installed on an android device . to enable the feature on your account , launch the official twitter app and bring up the three-dot icon in the top-right corner of your screen . select settings from the drop-down , and then press on your account name . tap on mobile notifications . scroll down until you find the new option titled highlights and press on it . the check box should display a check mark , marking the feature as active . twitter users who opt into the service on their android device will see a new highlights section in a push notification . a push notification leads to an area where users can browse popular tweets from people they know , as well as trending stories . ' we want to help you get the most out of twitter , no matter how much time you spend with it , ' said luk . ' while your home timeline is a great place to browse through and engage with tweets , we know it can be challenging to find the time to get through everything . ' to enable the feature on your account , launch the official twitter app on android and bring up the three-dot icon in the top-right corner of your screen . select settings from the drop-down , and then press on your account name . tap on mobile notifications . scroll down until you find the new option titled highlights and press on it . the move is the latest by twitter to boost engagement for its members amid growth which is slower than some rival social networks . ' we look at things like the accounts and conversations that are popular among people you follow , tweets from people you 're closely tied to , topics and events that are trending in your area or within your network , and people that are popular or trending among people you follow , ' luk said . highlights is being rolled out first in english for people using android-powered devices , which can be activated in user settings . ' we 're refining the experience on android first and will consider bringing highlights to other platforms in the future , ' luk added . earlier this week , twitter announced that abusive accounts will now be temporarily locked until a phone number or similar is added . the move is the latest by twitter to boost engagement for its users amid growth which is slower than expected . an algorithm will also automatically remove abuse before you even see it . twitter already asks users who violate its abuse guidelines to delete content , and can suspend accounts permanently if they do n't . but under the new changes , twitter has added a middle-ground . its new enforcement option lets the support team temporarily lock abusive accounts for a set period of time , up to 12 hours . in its last quarterly update , twitter said the number of active monthly users of the san francisco-based one-to-many messaging service monthly grew to 288 million . this is just four million more than in the previous quarter . twitter reports its results for the first quarter next week . twitter 's chief executive dick costolo recently said his site ' sucks at dealing with abuse and trolls ' . in a memo , mr costolo said he is embarrassed by the way the company handles abuse and that it must take stronger action . in december , a blog post titled ' building a safer twitter ' revealed twitter is working on ways to make it easier to block and report abuse . for months twitter has been rolling out features designed to rid the site of the scourge of trolls . the site has since improved the reporting process to make it more mobile-friendly , auto-populated fields , and it now requires less initial information . it has also improved the ways in which abuse can be reported to law enforcement . last month , the site took aim at the rising levels of revenge porn and stolen nude photos posted to the social network . its rules now say that users must not ' post intimate photos or videos that were taken or distributed without the subject 's consent ' . twitter said an affected user can report a post if they believe it contains photos or videos posted without their consent . from today , twitter users can now report indirect threats , offending accounts will be temporarily locked until a phone number or similar is added , and an algorithm will automatically remove abuse before you even see it . twitter already asks users who violate its abuse guidelines to delete content , and can suspend accounts permanently if they do n't . but under the new changes , twitter 's new enforcement option lets the support team temporarily lock abusive accounts for a set period of time , up to 12 hours . elsewhere , twitter has begun testing a product feature to help identify suspected abusive tweets and limit their reach by automatically removing them from a person 's notifications . it has also updated its violent threats policy to include indirect tweets , or the ' threats of violence against others or promoting violence against others . ' 