iker casillas insists he will stay at real madrid even if david de gea arrives to displace him as first choice keeper at the bernabeu . the spain international has spent his entire career at the bernabeu but has come under increasing criticism in recent seasons , while manchester united no 1 de gea has been linked with a summer return to his homeland . however , the 33-year-old claims he is willing to fight for the jersey he went on to make his own after breaking in to the side as a 16-year-old in 1996 - before becoming the youngest champions league keeper in 2000 . iker casillas claims he will stay and fight for the no 1 jersey rather than leave real madrid in the summer . the spanish keeper ( left ) has been at the bernabeu since breaking into the team as a 16-year-old . the spanish giants have repeatedly linked to a move for manchester united 's david de gea . ' i hope to fulfil my contract and a commitment that is signed has to be signed until the end , ' he told as . ' but i have to earn it and train myself for it . i will strive and i will fight for the position . ' now i am at an age at which things are seen in a different way , so if i am not the starter , i will have a commitment with the younger ones . ' why would n't i continue at madrid if i am not the starting goalkeeper ? ' before the end of the season casillas is determined concentrate on helping real madrid defend their champions league title , having reached the semi-finals with a 1-0 aggregate victory over local rivals atletico madrid on wednesday . ' atletico always make it difficult , but we deserved to pass through to the next round , ' the shot-stopper stated . manchester united loanee javier hernandez celebrates scoring a late winner against atletico madrid . los blancos are hoping to become the first team to retain the champions league title . ' things are decided by details and you have to fight and struggle . aside from having great players , they are a team of fight , struggle and effort . ' the glamour last four also comprises arch rivals barcelona , bayern munich and juventus , although the spaniard insists there is little to choose between the sides . ' we are talking about four great teams , four champions of europe , ' he added . ' there are very nice and exciting semi-finals that lie ahead . ' 