sky launched its buy and keep scheme for customers this time last year but it has now opened the service to everyone across the uk and ireland . it lets people stream movies straight to their tv , or to their mobiles using an app , as well as receive a hard copy in the post . films can also be watched across multiple devices using a ' follow me ' function . sky launched its buy and keep scheme ( pictured ) for customers this time last year but it has now opened the service to everyone in the uk and ireland . it lets people stream movies straight to their tv , or to their mobiles using an app , as well as receive a hard copy in the post . buy and keep launched in april 2014 for sky+hd subscribers . the firm has deals with the majority of major film distributors and the latest movies are added each week . recent new releases have included the hunger games : mockingjay part 1 , the hobbit : the battle of the five armies and paddington , alongside classics such avatar , back to the future and wizard of oz . and typically these new releases are available to rent on sky store before they arrive on sky movies . buy and keep launched in april 2014 for sky+hd subscribers . it is now available to everyone in the uk and ireland . recent new releases have included the hunger games : mockingjay part 1 , the hobbit : the battle of the five armies and paddington , alongside classics such avatar , back to the future and wizard of oz . new releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99 , but this includes the price of a physical dvd and postage . by comparison , the latest releases on talk talk-owned blinkbox start at £3.49 to rent or £8.99 to buy a digital copy the user can keep and watch on up to five devices . films on buy and keep can be bought by creating an account , or signing in , at skystore.com or through the sky store app on android and ios . new releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99 , but this includes the price of a physical dvd and postage . by comparison , the latest releases on talk talk-owned blinkbox start at £3.49 to rent or £8.99 to buy a digital copy the user can keep and watch on up to five devices . tv shows start at £1.89 to rent and £5.99 to buy . films on buy and keep can be bought by creating an account , or signing in , at skystore.com or through the sky store app on android and ios . non-sky tv customers in the uk can watch on their main tv via a now tv box , roku or youview box , while those in ireland can watch via a roku box . nicola bamford , director of sky store said : ' people want the simplest and most convenient way to buy and watch the movies they love , which is why it 's great news that from today buy and keep will be available to everyone and across multiple devices . ' sky store offers the complete service - straight to your tv , across your devices and you get the dvd in the post too ' . the ' follow me ' function lets sky store customers start watching a movie on one of their registered devices , pause and then resume watching it on another registered device over the web . new releases cost £13.99 and classics are £7.99 , but this includes the price of a physical dvd and postage . recent new releases have included the hunger games : mockingjay part 1 , the hobbit : the battle of the five armies ( pictured ) and paddington , alongside classics such avatar and back to the future . by comparison , the latest releases on blinkbox ( pictured ) start at £3.49 to rent or £8.99 to buy a digital copy the user can keep and watch on up to five devices . tv shows start at £1.89 to rent and £5.99 to buy . users can register up to four devices and any movie can be streamed to two devices simultaneously . on android devices , customers can browse , watch and buy while on ios devices the sky store player app lets them browse and watch movies they bought previously via their tv or on skystore.com . for existing buy and keep customers who have already used the service on their sky+hd box , all of the movies they have bought will automatically appear in my library in the app , ready to stream or download . sky customers who now buy and keep on mobile devices can also chose to send the movie to their sky+ hd box as well .