consumers could soon have to pay goods and services tax ( gst ) on their movie and music downloads in a government moves to reel in extra billions of dollars in revenue . treasurer joe hockey said the states had agreed to work toward applying the 10 per cent gst to movies and music downloaded from streaming services such as netflix and apple . the changes may also affect consumers buying any products for less than $ 1,000 online from overseas , thus affecting companies such as google , microsoft , amazon and ebay . but consumer advocacy group choice says tech-savvy australian consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks , which make them appear to be outside the country . scroll down for video . australian movie and music downloaders could soon be slapped with a 10 per cent tax in a move that could reel in billions of additional gst revenue for the federal government . choice argues that the government should instead be tackling the exorbitant domestic costs of tv shows , music and movies , and difficulties accessing them . netflix subscription : 90c increase to $ 9.90 . standard itunes song : 22c increase to $ 2.41 . google play movie : 60c increase to $ 6.60 . standard amazon song : 13c increase to $ 1.42 . adobe creative cloud subscription : 99c increase to $ 10.99 . ' we need to make it easier ... in order to encourage greater competition , ' choice chief executive alan kirkland told abc radio on friday . netflix has indicated that it would increase the cost of its service in line with any new laws and regulations . ' we pay taxes as required under local and national law , ' a spokesperson from netflix us head office said . with an $ 8.99 per month fee for its service , netflix customers would only have to pay at least an extra 90c while song downloaders would pay an additional 22c for $ 2.19 track on itunes . federal treasurer joe hockey announced that each states and territories ' treasurer had agreed to the tax , which he declared was an ' integrity measures for the tax base , not the broadening of the gst or an increase of the gst ' . with an $ 8.99 per month fee for its service , netflix customers would only have to pay an extra approximate 90c while song downloaders would pay an additional 22c for $ 2.19 track on itunes . federal treasurer joe hockey announced that each states and territories ' treasurer had agreed to the tax , which he declared was an ' integrity measures for the tax base , not the broadening of the gst or an increase of the gst ' . ' the states agreed in principle that we should move in that regard . i have offered to work as quickly as possible with them to introduce legislation to address that in relation to intangibles , ' mr hockey said , according to the financial review . it comes after news corp australia chief executive julian clarke slammed the foreign companies ' ability to avoid paying tax , consequently leading to an unlevelled playing field in the advertising market . mr clarke implored the government to ' fix that problem ' during a senate standing committees on economics in which he argued against the disadvantage of competing against overseas companies with a lower operating cost . tech-savvy consumers might be able to avoid the tax by concealing their location through virtual private networks .