a video has emerged that shows the horrifying moment two french backpackers attempted to torch a native australian quokka . the disturbing footage sees thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , use a deodorant can and a lighter to set the marsupial alight in rottnest island on april 3 . the men told fairfax media outside court on saturday , ' you think we 're monsters ? we did n't hurt the quokka . we have pets at home . ' scroll down for video . video has emerged showing the horrific moment two french tourists set alight an australian quokka . using a deodorant can and lighter , the men torch the defenseless creature which quickly scampers away . both men are heard laughing uncontrollably after igniting the quokka before one said ' do n't do that , why ? ' the creature survived the incident by scampering away , but was singed by the flame . both of the tourists pleaded guilty to animal cruelty at fremantle magistrate 's court on friday . they were each fined $ 4000 and will be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines . according to the sydney morning herald , magistrate elizabeth langdon commented on their cruelty , calling the offence ' abhorrent . ' ' one can only imagine the impact caused to the quokka , ' she said . ' obviously it would have been fearful as a result of what occurred . ' the men can be heard uncontrollably laughing after igniting the native australian creature . the quokka is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo with thick brown fur . both men were on a working holiday and were spending three months in rottnest island working as cleaners . as a result of the incident , both men lost their job . they also had their passports confiscated and are expected to be leaving australia soon . the quokka , classed by the government as ' vulnerable ' , is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo with thick , rough , grey-brown fur . it is found only in the south-west of western australia state and on the offshore islands of rottnest and bald .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .