it seems a late-night dinner at a fancy restaurant or a bouquet of flowers was not enough to make up for what this person had done . but one desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in an attempt to seek forgiveness . brisbane locals were left scratching their heads after the mysterious message ' i 'm sorry ' followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses was splashed across the city 's clear blue sky on monday afternoon . the aerial apology hovered above the cbd at about 1pm , prompting several people to jump onto social media to question and voice their theories about who had done what . one desperate man has forked out nearly $ 4000 for a written message in the sky in a bid to seek forgiveness . the aerial apology was followed by a love heart and two crosses for kisses on monday afternoon . jordan miller tweeted on twitter : ' i 'm not sure what he did but that 's a big apology ! ! lucky he screwed up on a clear day ! what if it were overcast ? ' he followed with another tweet : ' men of brisbane . if you 've screwed up in the last 24 hrs have your partner look at the sky right now . you 're welcome . ' abc reporter kathy mcleish posted : ' giant sky-writing apology over brisbane cbd ... must have been bad.. ' while the author and recipient remain a mystery , the creation behind the message was rob vance , of skywriting services australia , who took just 10 minutes to complete the urgent appeal . ' i 'm not sure what he did but that 's a big apology ! ! lucky he screwed up on a clear day ! what if it were overcast ? ' jordan miller tweeted . locals quickly took to twitter to question who the mysterious message was directed at . people have jumped to conclusion , believing the man must have done something terribly bad . an abc reporter also took to twitter , considering the apology was trying to make up for something bad . but the man who requested it did n't appear to be frantically lovelorn , he said . ' no , he was calm , cool and collected , ' mr vance told aap . while you ca n't put a price on love , mr vance said the service usually charged $ 3990 for up to 10 letters or characters . interestingly , it 's not the first time mr vance has made a profit from someone screwing up . ' it 's usually along the same lines - someone saying sorry and that 's basically it , ' he said . ''i 'm sorry barbara ' or something like that . ' the author and recipient of monday 's message remain a mystery .