a new anti-smoking advert warning people that they could get colon cancer and be forced to use an ostomy bag for the rest of their lives has drawn the anger of a 19-year-old student who uses one as a consequence of her fight with inflammatory bowel disease . hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . she has called for the new tips from former smokers ad , commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention , to be banned . scroll down for video . hattie gladwell blogs about her experience of living with an ostomy bag after she underwent emergency surgery for ulcerative colitis . the advert features julia , 58 , of mississippi who smoked for more than 20 years before she developed colon cancer at 49 years old which requires her to use an ostomy bag . the 30 second ad features her warning smokers that she has to use an ostomy bag taped to a hole in her abdomen as a consequence of smoking . ' i 'm julia , i smoked and i got colon cancer . i had chemo and two surgeries . but what i hated the most , was the colostomy bag . that 's where they re-route your intestines so you have bowel movements that go into a bag , ' she says . ' through a hole in your stomach . my tip is : get over being squeamish . you 're going to be emptying your bag 6 times a day . ' the video ends with julia holding up an ostomy bag , with a voiceover telling people where they can seek help to quit smoking . gladwell , who is english , writes on her morethanyourbag.com blog that the ad ' came as a complete shock ' and left her feeling angry and disgusted . gladwell has called for the new tips from former smokers ad , commissioned by the centers for disease control and prevention , to be banned . ' watching this video bought out so much anger that i did n't know was there . i am absolutely , utterly disgusted that they feel they can advertise a quit smoking campaign with something that has saved so many lives , ' she wrote . the blogger says she does n't understand why the centers for disease control and prevention decided to use a condition that can be caused by a variety of diseases – not just colon cancer – to put people off smoking . the ad is unfair to many people who need to use an ostomy , she argues , because it suggests that it is caused by something they 've done to ourselves . gladwell writes that julia should remember that her colostomy bag is the reason that she 's still alive . ' how the hell does this company have the audacity to make people feel so insecure ? and how the hell do they have the nerve to use my condition as an example of why you should not smoke ? the video ends with julia holding up an ostomy bag , with a voiceover telling people where they can seek help to quit smoking . ' my ileostomy bag saved my life . it does not make me feel squeamish . if anything , i am just damn grateful to be alive . ' how are we meant to move on and embrace our bodies when such a large company are drilling it into the minds of society that ostomy 's are nothing but a consequence ? ' she has called for the advert to be banned .