when louis van gaal talked about michael carrick and wayne rooney as coaches on the pitch last week , it actually revealed far more than you might at first imagine . football intelligence is something very few people are truly blessed with . van gaal was highlighting these two because of their superior football intelligence . the backdrop is a season at old trafford where champions league football looks likely , but at the same time it is fair to say united have only been truly convincing in a few isolated games . louis van gaal has identified michael carrick ( left ) and wayne rooney as two of his most bright players . van gaal demands a level of ' football intelligence ' from his players at manchester united . united now have a eight-point cushion over liverpool and are in good shape to make the champions league . van gaal revealed why united have almost stumbled into the top four this season when he praised carrick and rooney . he basically said too many players at united aren’t very bright . in fact they’re pretty thick . of course there are exceptions : juan mata is a cultured , classy individual on and off the pitch . carrick and rooney have football intelligence in abundance : hence carrick slipping seamlessly in and out of the centre-half position mid-game at times this season , and rooney slotting into whichever position van gaal asks him to occupy . the dutchman can trust these players . let me give you a couple of examples : last summer his first encounter with luke shaw was to set up a separate training regime for the teenager because he was so unfit . shaw admitted his manager was right and accepted he need to step up his mentality at his new club . spanish midfielder juan mata is another cultured , classy player in united 's team . rooney showed plenty of intelligence to turn and volley home united 's second goal on saturday . luke shaw had to take part in extra pre-season training sessions to reach the necessary fitness levels . imagine signing for manchester united and being so unfit you can’t take part in pre-season training sessions . that’s what happened to luke shaw . not very bright . ander herrera played well on saturday but at one point in the first-half with united pressing he launched a ridiculous pass from the right-wing position , back into his own half . it sailed over marcos rojo’s head and the argentina international had to chase back to retrieve it . it was a poor pass – that can happen . but choosing to make that pass in the first place was inexplicable . van gaal was clearly frustrated on the sidelines by this poor in-game management from a top player . not very bright . look at phil jones bulldozing his way into challenges and getting nowhere near the ball . i’m convinced that’s part of the reason he gets so many injuries . not very bright . marouane fellaini is a good footballer , but he’s had several seasons of being turned into a target man by david moyes . he had any football intelligence hammered out of him . he regressed – he became not very bright . ander herrera score twice against aston villa but also played a notably poor pass to marcos rojo . phil jones makes himself prone to injuries by crashing into tackles . fellaini had his football intelligence hammered out of him by the disastrous david moyes regime . a continental colleague told me that van gaal is frustrated by the lack of football intelligence he has found in the squad at old trafford . this is a guy used to working with erudite thinkers of the game at ajax , barcelona and bayern munich . at these clubs there is a true football philosophy built up over years that has stood the test of time and stands proud despite managers coming and going . van gaal walked into united and found a club shorn of its direction . the dictator sir alex ferguson was gone and any philosophy died with the departure of fergie , and then moyes 's reign set the club back further . the united job is clearly far bigger than just signing angel di maria and thinking everything will be fine . and this issue of a lack of football intelligence in the squad and at the club needs a long-term solution . but at 63 has van gaal got the time to impose a new philosophy on the club , to teach that intelligence needed ? 