mark wood spent a day this week donning his newly arrived england suit . ‘ i wore it around the house a bit too much really but i was absolutely buzzing just to have it on . ‘ trying it on is when the mixture of nerves and excitement started , ’ says wood , one of the uncapped members of alastair cook’s squad who fly to the caribbean on thursday for a three-test series against west indies . the 25-year-old would be forgiven for checking the fit , because standing at 5ft 11in and weighing just over 12st , he is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler . mark wood has been called up by england for the test series against west indies . when he’s not steaming in to bowl at 90mph mark wood can find himself fielding for long stretches of time . thankfully the durham paceman has the perfect remedy to keep things interesting during a lengthy stint on the boundary rope . ‘ there are times when it gets boring in the field , so i bring out the imaginary horse and try to joust my team-mates , ’ wood said recently . ‘ i don’t know how the england boys will take it , but i’ll have a go . i like to have a trot and feed him apples — he loves granny smiths . ‘ sometimes it’s just the pick-me-up the lads need . the horse will probably come with me to the caribbean if he gets through immigration . if they don’t like it then i can just tie him up and leave him somewhere . ’ but england are looking for something different in the wake of their woeful world cup and wood , whose ability to hurry batsmen from a short run-up is reminiscent of craig white and simon jones from previous eras , fits the bill . several players on the county circuit last season would testify that he was the slipperiest bowler they faced . ‘ i can hit 90mph but it’s not something i tend to concentrate on , ’ said wood . ‘ the quickest ball i have been clocked at on the telly was 91 but i am sure i can bowl quicker than that . ‘ you know yourself , without the speed guns , when it’s coming out lovely and the rhythm’s there . ‘ when i bowl i am not just trying to blast people out , i would like to think that being the slight lad that i am with a short run-up , it is more the surprise element that gets batters in trouble . i tend to rush them a little bit but would like to think i have more skills than just raw pace . ’ primary among those skills is a mastery of reverse swing . it was no coincidence that his first three county championship appearances for durham all came at trent bridge , where the abrasive nature of the square roughs the ball up perfectly for exponents of the art . durham paceman is not the shape or size of your traditional fast bowler . but he has also displayed a marked improvement in his use of the new ball , swinging it to good effect whenever he got it during the 2014 season . previously , he faced a battle to prise it from the hands of his durham team-mates graham onions and chris rushworth . so a marker of his progress was provided at the turn of this year when he was opening the bowling for england lions on the tour of south africa . that breakthrough moment on the field has been replicated off it , with wood’s devotion to the ecb’s fitness regime enabling him to play a string of matches following a career punctuated by injuries , including stress fractures of the back , a cyst on his left ankle , knee trouble and side strains . ‘ my body type has changed a lot since i was the lad who broke through into the first team , ’ he said . ‘ i have done two winters now where they have basically pumped us up in the gym to get us stronger and fitter . ‘ i did a four-week camp in potchefstroom , south africa , before christmas when i was smashing myself along with the other fast bowlers . that got me the lions call-up and off that , maintaining that strength , got me the test call-up . ’ wood has sought advice from former durham and england fast bowler steve harmison . his first-class haul of 74 wickets at 26 runs apiece is creditable even if his number of appearances , 23 , is a bit thin . but as he showed in taking four australia a wickets in as many overs in a durham win at chester-le-street three years ago , he has the knack of getting good players out . it may help him sneak ahead of liam plunkett or chris jordan in the pace pecking order . ‘ i am not going to the west indies to make the numbers up . i want to play a test match , whether it be the first , middle or last one , ’ he said . ‘it’s a good opportunity . as an england fan it has been frustrating to watch during the winter but everyone will agree that to put things right we have to start in the caribbean . ’ it was for the carnage created at sabina park , jamaica , that steve harmison , another cricketing son of ashington , was renamed grievous bodily harmison 11 years ago . ‘there’s no pressure on us , is there ? ’ said wood . ‘ the last lad from ashington took seven for 12 . but if i get half of that i will be doing all right . steve’s a family friend so he’s offered me advice on what the pitches will be like and how i should go about things . the main thing he told me is that the stumps don’t move — we had a bit of a joke about that because of the ball he bowled in brisbane ( the first delivery of the 2006-07 ashes , which went straight to andrew flintoff at second slip ) — his point being that if you make sure you get the first one on target you’ll be fine after that . ’ they are big shoes to fill but wood appears comfortable in his own . 