bridget klecker , 42 , died on friday after being struck by a vehicle fleeing the police in san francisco . a pedestrian was killed and another injured when they were struck by a car fleeing police during a wild chase through san francisco , and the suspects involved were still on the loose saturday . officers tried to stop the suspects ' stolen car around 10pm on friday just moments after they committed the latest in a series of robberies while armed with handguns , police said . but the car sped off with police in pursuit and struck a woman in a crosswalk , killing her . the san francisco medical examiner 's office identified the woman on saturday as bridget klecker , 42 , of san francisco . ' i just kept saying that this ca n't be real — this just ca n't be real , ' kristine mendoza , 35 , who described klecker as her close friend , told the san francisco chronicle . she and klecker had planned to attend monday 's san francisco giants home opener together and were heading to mexico in two weeks on a trip , she said . witnesses who were riding a cable car saw the black sedan go airborne , and the windshield was badly damaged , according to kgo-tv . the car later hit a second pedestrian and then crashed into another car before slipping away from police in the south of market neighborhood . ' it was one of those unreal experiences to see a car speeding in the intersection at us like that , ' micaela davis , 35 , a passenger in the car that was struck , told the chronicle . davis said the suspects ' vehicle ran a red light and the driver of the car she was in swerved to avoid it . neither she , the driver nor a second passenger was injured . a close friend of klecker ( right ) said that the pair were supposed to go to the san francisco giants season opener on monday . klecker was in a crosswalk at california and kearny streets ( pictured ) when the car struck her . she died at the hospital . the black 2013 toyota corolla was found unattended on treasure island off the bay bridge , police said . the three men who were in it were still at large as of friday night . police were not able to give a comment of the status of the suspects on saturday . the second person struck was taken to a hospital with injuries that were not considered life-threatening , police said . two firearms believed to be thrown from the car during the chase were recovered . the suspects have committed several armed robberies during the last three days , including three on friday night alone , police said . a white sedan was struck and totaled by the fleeing toyota after it hit klecker and another pedestrian . the toyota corolla was later found abandoned . the suspects are allegedly responsible for several armed robberies across san francisco , including three on friday night .