set side by side it’s hard to believe they’re the same person . one with his shy smile , steady gaze and dark hair . the other , five decades on , pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair . these exclusive pictures obtained by daily mail online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars , dr fredric brandt , the year he graduated from frank h morrell high , irvington , new jersey . they were taken at the age of 18 , when he was , in his own words , just ‘ a jewish kid from newark , ’ and before he had transformed himself , in every sense , into the figure lampooned on netflix show ‘ unbreakable kimmy schmidt , ’ with such devastating consequences . scroll down for video . the way he was : these exclusive pictures obtained by daily mail online show dermatologist and cosmetic surgeon to the stars , dr frederic brandt , the year he graduated from frank h morrell high in new jersey . dispirited : the famed 65-year-old doctor was found hanged in his miami home . he had been left ‘devastated’ by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of dr franff in tina fey’s netflix show . changes : five decades after his high school photo with his shy smile , steady gaze and dark hair , dr. brandt was pouting beneath razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair . it is two days since the famed 65-year-old doctor was found hanged in his miami home . the city of miami police confirmed the suicide after daily mail online broke the news earlier , and , according to those closest to brandt , the doctor – who had been suffering from depression – had been left ‘devastated’ by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of dr franff in tina fey’s netflix show . now , seen here for the first time , dr brandt’s high school photos provide a glimpse into his life before fame , fortune and fillers . the pictures , taken in 1967 , show a hint of the smile that , according to the school’s yearbook earned him a reputation for his ‘ infectious grin’ and saw him characterized by his sense of humor . known as ‘fred’ he was a popular and ‘scholarly’ student with , it was noted , the promise of a ‘ medical career ahead . ’ born frederic sheldon brandt in 1949 , he was prolific in his high school achievements , posing in one photo alongside other award-winning students . among his many accolades listed are assistant editor of high school magazine the morellian , president of the spanish club , vice president of the debate club , vice president of the political science club and a place on the national honors society . he was also an enthusiastic member of the theatre arts society and tennis team . he was also voted most ambitious and most talkative student . but , for all that , in one of his last interviews , given to the new york times in march 2014 , he recalled feeling very much that he was ‘ more of a different child , ’ as he grew up in the weequahic section of newark , new jersey . he said : ‘ i remember taking things apart as a kid , radios and other things . i was always questioning everything to see how it worked . ’ in later life dr brandt accumulated vast wealth – he had hundreds of patients , saw as many as 30 daily with some paying as much as $ 7,000 a pop and had a staggering collection of modern art . but as a boy he grew up in modest circumstances , raised by parents who owned a candy store . three years before he graduated and before these pictures were taken , when he was just 15 years old , brandt’s father died from complications of juvenile diabetes . seven years later , as he was entering his first year at medical school , his mother died unexpectedly . loss : three years before these pictures were taken , when he was just 15 years old , brandt’s father died from complications of juvenile diabetes . seven years later , as he was entering his first year at medical school , his mother died unexpectedly . dr. brandt was known for his ‘ infectious grin’ and characterized by classmates as having a sense of humor . known as ‘fred’ he was a popular and ‘scholarly’ student with , it was noted , the promise of a ‘ medical career ahead . ' he was also voted most ambitious and most talkative student . the awards and accolades followed him from this 1967 yearbook through his professional career . speaking to the new york times last march he admitted : ‘ it was a lot to process , but you just have to forge ahead . ’ he certainly did . immediately after high school he attended rutgers university , new brunswick , new jersey , graduating with a bachelor of arts in 1971 . he went on to graduate with his md from drexel university’s hahnemann medical college in philadelphia in 1975 . dermatology was not his first love though it would be the speciality on which he settled and which earned him a client list including madonna , kelly ripa , stephanie seymour and a constellation of other entertainment big hitters . as a student he loved oncology , nephrology , hematology and cardiology . the one area of medicine in which the life-long bachelor took no real pleasure was pediatrics . he explained : ‘ you spent all your time calming patients down . ’ between 1976 and 1978 he completed his internship at new york university veterans administration before going onto specialise in dermatology at the university of miami , 1978–1981 . he set up a private practice in miami and it was only in 1998 that an invitation to use a colleague’s new york office once a month to treat patients with ever evolving newly introduced facial fillers led dr brandt to his ultimate area of expertise . fredric sheldon brandt yearbook photo from 1971 at rutgers university , the year he graduated . he went on to obtain md from drexel university’s hahnemann medical college in philadelphia in 1975 . hurtful parody : according to those closest to brandt , the doctor – who had been suffering from depression – had been left ‘devastated’ by recent rumors comparing him to the grotesque character of dr franff in tina fey’s netflix show . tina fey takes a selfie with maya rudolph and martin short last february . poignantly , given his own unhappy demise , dr brandt’s ambition in his work had always been , he said , ‘ to restore a face to harmony , ’ and ‘ to keep people working and feeling vital and good about themselves . ’ he built an empire on his work . as well as seeing his private patients , he hosted a weekly call-in show on sirius xm radio , ran a company manufacturing his own line of skin creams and serums and appeared regularly on the speaking circuit proselytizing on his speciality at international medical conferences . over the years dr brandt practiced what he preached . he became best known for his y lifts in which fillers are injected below the cheekbones . and he regularly injected himself with botox , restylane , perlane , juvedem and voluma leading to his own startlingly changed appearance - converted into cruel and undeniable parody on ‘ unbreakable kimmy schmidt’ as dr franff . the good life : in later life dr brandt accumulated vast wealth . he had a staggering collection of modern art . but as a boy he grew up in modest circumstances , raised by parents who owned a candy store . played by martin short franff’s transformation is so grotesque that he can barely utter certain words – including his own name . he is actually called grant , rendering the veil of fiction between the character and brandt even more gossamer thin . at one point the character is seen drinking from a surgical bag and reinflating his face after being punched . for dr brandt , who had always prided himself on being ‘ a kind of pioneer in pushing the limits to see how things work and what the look would be , ’ the humor , viewed through the prism of his depression , cut deep . there have been many tributes since his death comedian and former the view star , joy behar , yesterday tweeted , ‘ dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with . he will be sorely missed . ’ morning show host , kelly ripa , posted : ‘ my heart is breaking for the loss of dr frederic brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer . ’ 