posters promoting a ' straight pride ' week at a northeast ohio university were removed this week after student leaders determined that the message went beyond free speech . youngstown state university student government leaders said they decided to remove the posters , which were hung on around campus earlier this week , after consulting with university officials . the posters included profanity and promoted the event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students . posters promoting a ' straight pride ' week were removed from campus after student leaders said that they went ' way further than a free speech issue ' . they encouraged students to ' go about your day without telling everyone about how ' different ' you are ' , according to wkbn . the anonymously posted flyers encouraged students to celebrate ' by not annoying the s*** out of everyone about your sexual orientation ' . ' brought to you by the students that are sick of hearing about your lgbt pride , ' the posters read . ' nobody cares about what you think you are , or what you want to have sex with . we have nothing against your sexual orientation . we just do n't give a f*** . ' campus leaders at the approximately 15,000-student university said that while they believe the posters were meant as satire , the message was inappropriate . ' if you actually read through it , it seemed like it went way further than a free speech issue , ' said student government president michael slavens . ' there were swear words and took it a little further than the average free speech should go . ' student government vice president jacob schriner-biggs agreed with slavens . ' when you are talking about minority activism , it is very easy that if you are in the majority to say `` well , this sort of activism is not necessary . this sort of zeal in your activism is over the top '' , ' he said . ' for minorities who experience discrimination , that is not the case , ' it is believed by student leaders that the posters were satire , but they still missed the point of activism , a statement from the student government says . the posters counter the school 's mission to create a diverse campus , university spokesman ron cole told wfmj . officials are investigating possible student code violations , and disciplinary action may follow . a statement from the student government said while it respects free speech of all students , the posters were n't authorized , contained vulgar language and missed the point of activism . ' when individuals belong to dominant societal cohorts ( caucasian , male , heterosexual , etc . ) it is very easy to state `` we have nothing against your sexual orientation '' and to claim that efforts to raise awareness are `` annoying '' , ' it read , according to gay star news . the statement continued : ' for minorities who every day face discrimination and marginalization , such efforts are necessary without zeal and persistence , sociology teaches that minority concerns very easily go by the wayside . ' thus , dismissing the efforts of lgbtqia students to push for equitable treatment as unnecessary is dangerous because it catalyzes discrimination , whether meant to do so or not . ' university officials are investigating into the posters , which were hung anonymously , and disciplinary action may follow .