new york city cab drivers spend their entire work days eavesdropping on their customers conversations , so it 's no surprise that many of them have learned a thing or two about love and relationships along the way . with that in mind , new york-based writer danielle page set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice in hopes unlocking the key to a successful union . the drivers , many of whom are married themselves , revealed their personal tips , life lessons and cultural anecdotes all in the name of love , which danielle then shared on yourtango . a 60-year-old named michael revealed that his trick to marital bliss is putting his wife 's happiness above his own – but insists that what really makes a relationship work is finding a partner who will do the same for you . looking for answers : new york-based writer danielle page ( not pictured ) set out to ask every cabbie she came across to dispense their best piece of relationship advice . ' always think of what’s best for the other person . if you’re always thinking , `` how can i make the other person happy ? '' the other person wants to do the same for you , ' he told danielle . sharif , 32 , said that honesty is the key lasting love - even if that means telling your girlfriend that she looks fat in her jeans . another driver firmly believes that people should allow their partners to change , and a part of that process is choosing to love the person they 've become . ' in order to have a lasting relationship , you need to choose the new version of what your partner becomes and accept their new interests , ' 49-year-old alex told danielle . ' if you can’t do that , you’re screwed . ' a muslim driver named asaf , 38 , explained that his religion forbids having ' girlfriends on the side ' is strictly forbidden – suggesting that this rule is one of a number of reasons why his marriage has lasted for 13 years . and while many people might scoff at the idea of ending their friendships with members of the opposite sex because they have entered a relationship , many of the cab drivers are in agreement that it is important to always be respectful of your partner’s feelings . when giving their advice , other cab drivers focused on what people should doing when they are trying to find a date . be selfless : one cab driver said people should always think about how they can make their partners happy . new york cabbies understand that dating in the big apple can be a complete and utter nightmare . carl , 44 , encouraged singletons to embrace their failed relationships because not everyone is going to be ' the one ' . ' the goal of relationships is for them to end in marriage , but 99per cent of the relationships you have won’t end in marriage , and that 's not a bad thing - even if you don’t know it yet , ' he said . meanwhile , daniel , 27 , insisted that couples need to be ' equally yoked ' when it comes to their career , ambitions and education in order for the relationships to be a success . but the most interesting piece of advice came from musaf , who recalled how his parents met at the altar . according to the 33-year-old cab driver , young people - including fickle new yorkers - have a fear of commitment because they have ' too many options ' . and while marrying a complete stranger may seem absurd , fyi 's popular reality show married at first sight , which is in its second season , enlists participants to do just that . two out of the three couples from the show 's first season are still together , which probably would n't surprise musaf . ' when you’re only given one option , you have to fight to make it work , ' he said , adding : ' people here don’t do that . '