frankie gavin is set to be handed a shot at kell brook’s ibf welterweight world title at the o2 on may 30 . talks have been held between the parties and even though an agreement has not yet been finalised , it is likely that the fight will happen . sportsmail understands an announcement could be made as early as friday . gavin is the only englishman to have won a world amateur title but lost his first fight as a professional last year when he attempted to win the european welterweight title from leonard bundu . frankie gavin ( right ) is set to be handed a shot at kell brook’s ibf welterweight world title at the o2 on may 30 . sportsmail understands an announcement on the fight could be made as early as friday . eddie hearn , who promotes both men , told sportsmail on tuesday that gavin was under ‘ strong consideration’ . and gavin said on wednesday : ‘ nothing is signed or done yet but i know eddie 's spoken to kell and kell 's up for it and i 'm up for it . so we 're going to sit down and have another chat in the next two days and hopefully get it done . ‘ i think i 've got the skills to upset brook and take him out of his rhythm . it 's easier said than done but i 'm going to be 100 per cent ready , physically and mentally , and if i get that world title shot i 'll be ready . ’ amir khan hits devon alexander during their welterweight bout at the mgm grand garden arena in las vegas . brook hopes to finally face amir khan next year having failed to lure him into a wembley blockbuster this summer . gavin , who has held the british and commonwealth welterweight belts , has climbed to no 5 in the ibf rankings , though he has not fought at brook 's level . gavin , 29 , added : ‘ i 'm not stupid . i 'm not delusional . i 'm going to have to perform out of my skin . but i 've definitely got it in me to do it . i 'm very confident kell can be beaten and hopefully it 's someone with my skills who will do it . ’ brook is desperate to fight khan but his fellow brit rejected the chance to face him at wembley in june .