everton manager roberto martinez insists he is not concerned that romelu lukaku has joined forces with high-powered agent mino raiola ahead of a potential summer of transfer speculation surrounding the striker . raiola , steeped in italian and dutch football , is one of the most influential agents in the game , with paris saint-germain striker zlatan ibrahimovic , juventus midfielder paul pogba and liverpool’s mario balotelli among his high-profile clients . the italian middleman has been involved in transfer deals worth over £400million and lukaku’s decision to sever his links with christophe henrotay , who oversaw his everton club record £28m move from chelsea last summer , adds a possible new dimension to his career . romelu lukaku ( left ) poses alongside his new agent mino raiola in an instagram picture . the appointment of raiola as agent fuels speculation lukaku ( left ) could be set for a move away from everton . roberto martinez , the everton manager , is unconcerned by lukaku joining raiola . the belgium striker , 21 , has scored only eight times in the premier league so far this season compared with 15 last term . but he has netted 18 in total , including eight in the europa league which spearheaded everton’s run to the last 16 . with everton 13th in the barclays premier league there will be no european adventure next season but martinez , who persuaded lukaku to turn a season-long loan into a permanent five-year deal last summer , is adamant that the player’s switch of agents has not set the alarm bells ringing . martinez said : ‘ he has changed his agent , yes , but we are not concerned , no . rom is entitled to do that . ‘ everyone speaks about the colourful character that mino raiola is but he has a lot of players who are very much people who are happy to stay at one club . ‘ i dealt with mino raiola at wigan and not many people know that he had danny de ridder or vladimir weiss , players who have been happy to stay at a club . i don’t think there is anything to read into that . ’ martinez does not expect a summer of upheaval at goodison park , despite the team’s disappointing campaign . veteran defender sylvain distin , 37 , who has not featured in the league since late december , will leave at the end of his contract but , according to martinez , fellow centre back antolin alcaraz still has a chance to earn a new deal during the closing weeks of the season . meanwhile , the manager insists 21-year-old midfielder ross barkley can build on his performances from the bench for england against lithuania and italy to finish an indifferent season on a high . ‘ he will benefit from the experiences of this difficult season , ’ added martinez , whose side entertain southampton on saturday . raiola has engineered big money moves for players such as mario balotelli at liverpool . martinez believes that ross barkley ( left ) will benefit from the difficult season that he has endured . ‘ this is his second full season in an important role in the squad . ‘ he enjoys that responsibility and taking responsibility in big games . ‘ he has an incredible technical ability and , with the physicality he has , you don’t see many players in world football with those capabilities . ‘ we know who ross is and how important he is for the future of everton . ’ 