hbo 's hit series , game of thrones , is set to return with its much-anticipated fifth series , and that means the stunning settings where it was filmed are bracing for another influx of tourists . while the programme has already filmed in some of the most picturesque places around the world - including croatia , iceland and the giant 's causeway in northern ireland - series five has opted for slightly warmer fare . with most of the upcoming series shot in southern spain , which stands in for the world of dorne on the imaginary continent of westeros , travel referral service zicasso is looking to attract all die-hard fans with a luxury tour of some of the country 's most historical , and most beautiful , cities . to celebrate the fifth series of game of thrones travel service zicasso is offering a luxury themed tour of southern spain . seville , spain . with much of the series set in a desert ruled by house martell , the cities of andalusia offer the perfect filming location for the ancient towns depicted in game of thrones . though the tour begins in madrid , guests are quickly herded south to explore the history and architecture of past moorish rulers . in the andalusian capital , seville , travellers will spend three nights adhering to a full itinerary which includes a stop at the world 's largest gothic cathedral , registered by unesco as a world heritage site . from there , fans will head toward alcazar , a former muslim fort that is celebrated for its mudejar architecture . from malta to morocco , these are the various filming locations that are just as beautiful in real life as on screen . the seven-night game of thrones tour kicks off in madrid , spain ( pictured ) with who days of sightseeing before heading further south . from there , the tour heads to the andalusian capital , seville , including a stop at the world 's largest gothic cathedral . the former muslim fort of alcazar is the next stop , where the palace , celebrated for its mudejar architecture , is one of the oldest in service . the alcazar , a unesco world heritage site , also provides the setting for the water palace of sunspear in the series . the upper levels of the alcazar are still used by the spanish royal family as their official seville residence , making it the oldest palace still in service . registered by unesco as a world heritage site in 1987 , the alcazar 's stunning courtyards and lavish gardens also offer the perfect setting for the water palace of sunspear , a retreat for the princes of dorne . here , prince doran martell , portrayed by actor alexander siddig , will meet with jaime lannister , played by actor nikolaj coster-waldau , in order to try to save the land and his people . it 's not the first time that the alcazar has been used as a filming location . it was also the set for the court of the king of jerusalem in 2005 's kingdom of heaven and was also used while filming lawrence of arabia in 1962 . from seville , game of thrones enthusiasts will head to the town of osuna , specifically to take in the city 's impressive bullring . although the hbo series filmed all around osuna , it 's the bullring that is of particular interest , as it will appear as daznak 's pit . osuna and granada , spain . a day trip to osuna is also on the docket , specifically to take in the city 's impressive bullring , which will appear as daznak 's pit in the upcoming season . on the sixth day , guests will travel to nearby granada to experience the rolling hills and timeless buildings , and , of course , an authentic flamenco show . it is here that fans will find one of the finest examples of moorish architecture in europe , the remains of the alhambra palace , with its stunning arabesques , high ceilings and tiled walls . while crews reportedly visited the stunning alhambra while scouting locations , fans will have to tune in to see whether or not it makes an appearance . the lake myvatin region of northern iceland is recognisable as the beyond the wall area in the hit show game of thrones . for the icy scenes , programme makers favoured the hverfjall volcano in the lake myvatin region of northern iceland . iceland . throughout the series , iceland has represented the northern-most tip of westeros , with show runners preferring the real-life landscape to scenes created through computer generated green screens . in fact , the crew liked the country 's majestic vistas so much that they returned to the areas of thingvellir and hvalfjordur in summer 2014 to film again . while the icy crater of the hverfjall volcano has made several appearances , fans will also likely recognise thingvellir national park from arya 's storyline and as the setting for the battle of the hound and brienne . the stangford castle ward estate and the castle ward tower stands proudly in county down , northern ireland . in game of thrones the castle towers are transformed into winterfell , where the head of house stark rules over his people . the breathtaking beech tree lined road is known as the dark hedges to locals near stanocum in county antrim , northern ireland . northern ireland . although the bulk of the show 's filming in northern ireland takes place in a studio in belfast , there are several noteworthy off-site filming locations that offer the northern irish economy a much-appreciated tourism boost thanks to hardcore fans . among them , the stangford castle ward estate and the castle ward tower , both of which stand proudly in county down . the castle was the principle filming location for the pilot and season one , standing in for winterfell 's courtyard . however , to fans of game of thrones , the beautiful pathway will be more recognisable as the kings road and the dark hedges of armoy . the iron islands , where the character theon comes from , are actually based on ballintoy harbour in northern ireland . here , fans welcomed the house of stark to rule over their people . also noteworthy is the ballintoy harbour in country antrim , which fans will recognise from theon 's homecoming , and the beech tree lined road known as the dark hedges , in nearby stanocum . though the tranquil pathway is beloved by locals , it 's probably best recognised as the kings road and the dark hedges of armoy in the series . the sun sets on the beautiful town of essaouira , in morroco , which game of thrones fans may recognise as astapor . the fortified city of ait-benhaddou provided the setting for the fictional city of yunkai , which featured in the show 's third season . clearly , the ancient city 's red citadel and the nearby ounila river impressed the game of thrones producers . morocco . for the third series , film crews headed to morocco to film sequences in the fictional cities of yunkai and astapor . two locations were used in the north african country , essaouira and ait-benhaddou , both of which are unesco world heritage sites . ait-benhaddou , a fortified mud-brick fortress city , is better known by game of thrones fans as yunkai , while the stunning walled town of essaouira transformed into astapor , which played a vital role in the series three finale episode . it 's hard to look at the coastal city of dubrovnik , croatia and not see the backdrop of king 's landings . the minceta tower and fortification is a unesco world heritage site on the dalmatian coast in dubrovnik . dubrovnik , croatia . it 's hard to look at croatia 's stunning dalmatian coast city and not see king 's landing . the site of endless drama , incestuous affairs , a shocking beheading and the battle of blackwater , this tourist-loved town along the adriatic sea was not actually the first choice for the pivotal backdrop . in the first series , the historic city of mdina , malta , was used as the filming location , before switching to croatia at the start of series two , a move which allowed creators to film near the sea . when the show runners switched to filming in croatia at the start of series two , they were able to film near the adriatic sea . the minceta tower is possibly most recognised as the house of the undying from the series two finale episode . the minceta tower , part of the walls of dubrovnik , also played a pivotal role in the series two finale . also the highest point of the city , the tower is notable for being the spot where khaleesi daenerys targaryen walked around and around before entering the house of the undying . and the unesco heritage site is now just one of several stops on the newly-created themed walking tours that have popped up around the city to cater to globe-trotting game of thrones fans . the natural limestone arch of the azure window , in gozo , malta , was used during filming in the show 's first series . the stunning natural wonder is perhaps best recognised as the backdrop for the daenerys and khal drogo wedding in series one . malta . and finally , no game of thrones themed trip around the world would be complete without a visit to this mediterranean archipelago . comprised of just three inhabited islands - malta , gozo and comino - the historical republic is home to an impressive nine unesco world heritage sites . among them , the historic stone city of mdina , which provided the backdrop for king 's landing during much of the pilot and series one episodes . during the first season , the city of mdina , malta , was the location of king 's landing ( pictured : the historical city gate monument ) . unfortunately , maltese officials were said to have complained that protected habitats were being damaged during filming , in particular on the island of gozo , meaning that from series two onwards , these exterior scenes were shot in croatia . home to the azure window , malta 's smaller sister island of gozo , is a breathtaking sight , recognised by game of thrones fans as where daenerys targaryen wed khal drogo . island officials took issue with the crew over potential damage inflicted on the natural wonder and thus , producers were forced to change filming locations at the start of series three . the fifth series of game of thrones debuts in the us on april 12 and in the uk and australia on april 13 .