shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in tikrit are ' out of control ' , an official said . ahmed al-karim , head of the salahuddin provincial council , said the fighters had burnt ' hundreds of houses ' in the last two days . it comes as prime minister haider al-abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit , retaken from the islamic state group this week , and arrest those responsible . scroll down for video . shia paramilitary fighters looting and setting fire to buildings in tikrit are ' out of control ' , an official said . above , black smoke rises from burning shops . mr karim , who left for baghdad late on friday afternoon due to the chaos , said houses and shops were being burnt and fighters were stealing everything from inside them . ' our city was burnt in front of our eyes . we ca n't control what is going on , ' he said . security and military forces were ordered to ' deal with cases of vandalism ' carried out by gangs seeking to tarnish the achievements of government forces and allied paramilitaries , a statement released by the prime minister’s office said . mr abadi also called on ' forces located in tikrit to arrest everyone who carries out such acts , and preserve properties and facilities in salahuddin province . ' a shia fighter smiles as he celebrates with his comrades a day after victory in the month-long battle to retake the northern iraqi city from islamic state . shia fighters from the popular mobilisation units and iraqi security forces maintain security in tikrit , on april 1 . above , a fire rages through a building . militiamen have also spray-painted the names of their groups on homes and other buildings , officials added . militiamen have spray-painted the names of their groups on homes , shops and other buildings , and also looted clothing and toiletries from shops . they also admitted to intentionally burning houses in other recaptured areas that were believed to have been used by is or to belong to its supporters . policemen from the rapid response forces have written graffiti on walls in tikrit as well . a number of homes and businesses were burning in tikrit earlier this week , though at least some of the fires were apparently related to efforts to clear the city of bombs . iraqi security forces secure a street in tikrit earlier today . prime minister haider al-abadi ordered iraqi forces to oppose vandalism in the city of tikrit and arrest those responsible . smoke rises by a destroyed building at one of saddam hussein 's palaces . at least some of the fires were related to efforts to clear the city of bombs . grand ayatollah ali al-sistani , iraq 's top shia cleric who is revered by millions , also called on security forces and allied paramilitaries to ' preserve and guard citizens ' properties in areas that have been liberated . ' doing so is a ' religious and national and moral duty , ' sistani said in remarks read by his representative at friday prayers in karbala . ' it has an important role in encouraging those who have not yet decided to participate in liberating their areas to decide to participate , ' he said . ' this is an important gain for all . '