patients should be able to speak to their gps on skype , nick clegg announced today . the lib dem leader wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls . some patients would be uncomfortable with the the prospect of exposing their ailments to their gp over the web . lib dem leader nick clegg wants existing phone appointments extended so doctors can see patients on video calls . mr clegg today met patients and staff at bodmin community hospital in cornwall as he campaigned in the lib dem stronghold in the south west . but officials stressed that people would not be forced use the service and insisted it would only be for minor ailments or progress checks . they said it could be used for update appointments , brief progress checks or for when patients needed ' reassurance ' . they pointed out many gps surgeries already use phone appointments which video call services like skype or facetime would improve . the lib dems also want repeat prescriptions and booking appointments to be made available online . the liberal democrat leader committed to using £250million from the sale of nhs assets deemed to be redundant to fund the use of technology in a drive to create a ' paperless health service ' in england . the money would come from the sale of assets including land and buildings such as former accommodation blocks . the lib dems said their plans would mean the ability to pay for five million more operations than the conservatives , and allow them to hire 150,000 more nurses and 38,000 more gps than labour . mr clegg said : ' the nhs does n't need warm words , it needs hard cash . and we know exactly how much because the boss of nhs england has told us - an extra gbp8 billion-a-year by 2020 . ' the liberal democrats are the only party that has committed to finding that money and the only one that has set out how it will pay for it . ' but we also need to help the nhs adapt so it is fit for the challenges of the 21st century . ' that 's why we have a plan to introduce modern technology that will help patients , with more doctors ' appointments and repeat prescriptions at the touch of a button . ' mr clegg , who was visiting bodmin community hospital as part of his election tour , said : ' both ed miliband and david cameron have ignored the experts on this . only the liberal democrats have listened . ' the party claims that they would spend £17 billion more than the tories and £7 billion more than labour on the nhs . the lib dems said their plans would mean the ability to pay for five million more operations than the conservatives , and allow them to hire 150,000 more nurses and 38,000 more gps than labour .