a moroccan limo company owner is believed to have shot four members of his family before taking his own life after a dispute over the business turned deadly . police believe that 50-year-old driss diaeddinn bought a semi-automatic handgun and shot his brothers , 38-year-old reda diaeddinn and 56-year-old dodi fayed , and their mother , 76-year-old kenza benzakour , on the ground floor of their phoenix , arizona home at 2pm on thursday . he then is believed to have gone upstairs to shoot dead his sister-in-law , 26-year-old meriem ben yahia , before taking his own life , police said . police said it appears the man and his relatives were in an on-going dispute over the family business . abc 15 reported that he shot each victim in a way that ensured they were dead . scroll down for video . the bodies of three women and two women were discovered in a northern suburb of phoenix , arizona on thursday afternoon . aerial footage shows a swat team entering the house in the aftermath . phoenix police department officers stand out in front of a home in the aftermath of the shooting . they believe the shooting occurred after a family dispute and believe one of the dead family members had shot their relatives before taking their own life . a single gun was found at the scene . his wife and two children , aged three and 10 months , were able to escape and shed called 911 . ' our dispatcher could hear shots fired in the background while that call was coming in , ' phoenix police sergeant trent crump said . ' a caller had been able to escape the home at that point , get out , and start to give us information . ' after police swooped on the scene , another woman , the suspect 's sister , emerged from the house and said she had been hiding . she said that there were several dead people inside the house . when tactical teams got inside the home , they found the four victims and the one man with a self-inflicted gun shot wound , and pronounced them all dead . ' witness information at this time indicates there had been an ongoing business dispute between the 3 brothers , ' crump said on friday afternoon . jared carpenter , who lives next door to the home where the shooting took place , told the daily mail online the shooter was in his 50s and owned a limo company . a neighbor captured what appeared to be snipers preparing to get into position around the house . two more people from the authorities walk through the police barricade and head towards the property . according to neighbors , negotiators were speaking over a megaphone in arabic as the family are believed to be moroccan . another neighbor , shirley glickman , told 12news that the family were quiet and kind . ' they been there , i guess , maybe 10 years . i 've been here 20 years , ' she said . swat team and scout snipers were seen storming the scene in the aftermath of the shooting . a robot was then sent in to assess what had happened inside before swat entered through the back door of the property and discovered the bodies . residents said the family were virtually ' invisible ' until the shooting took place . neighbors said the family , who ran a transport company , had always been ' invisible ' until the shooting . police set up a barricade during the stand-off before a swat team entered the house and discovered the bodies . reports suggest the street could be blocked off until friday .