he came for revenge and left having inflicted a humiliating defeat which leaves sorry sunderland perhaps regretting they ever crossed alan pardew . the crystal palace boss would not admit as much , but the grin he wore in the wake of yannick bolasie 's hat-trick goal told of his satisfaction . four times on the spin he suffered defeat as newcastle manager in tyne-wear derbies . it was a ruinous run which fractured his relationship with the club 's fans and contributed towards his decision to quit tyneside for south london in january . crystal palace winger yannick bolasie was the hero at the stadium of light having scored a hat-trick for the eagles against sunderland . crystal palace players surround opening goal scorer glenn murray during the comprehensive winner at the stadium of light on saturday . the sunderland defence can only watch on as the in-form bolasie fired the visitors into an unassailable lead on saturday . bolasie sprints away in celebration having scored a second-half hat-trick in just over 10 minutes at the stadium of light on saturday afternoon . this was his first trip back to the north east and boy did he enjoy it . palace now have 25 points from a possible 36 under his care and the table for 2015 alone has the eagles soaring in fifth , two points behind champions elect chelsea . his team were devastating on saturday , a ruthless and unforgiving frontline of bolasie , glenn murray , jason puncheon and wilfried zaha proving too powerful and too fast for a black cats defence which is fast running out of lives . dick advocaat was perhaps wishing he had remained in holland as he watched them surrender to four goals inside 17 minutes at the start of the second half .  sunderland ( 4-3-3 ) : pantilimon 4.5 ; jones 5 , vergini 4 , o'shea 3.5 , van aanholt 5 ; rodwell 5 , cattermole 5 ( bridcutt 64 , 5 ) , gomez 4.5 ( johnson 60 , 5 ) ; defoe 5 , fletcher 5.5 , wickham 6 . subs not used : reveillere , graham , coates , mannone , buckley . scorer : wickham 89 . booked : rodwell , cattermole . manager : dick advocaat 5 . crystal palace ( 4-4-2 ) : speroni 6 ; ward 6 , dann 7 , delaney 6.5 , souare 6 ( kelly 35 , 6 ) ; zaha 7.5 , mcarthur 6.5 ( ledley 69 , 6 ) , jedinak 6.5 , puncheon 7 ; bolasie 9 ( sanogo 71 ) , murray 7.5 . subs not used : hangeland , hennessey , gayle , ameobi . scorers : murray 48 , bolasie 51 , 54 , 62 . booked : dann , mcarthur . manager : alan pardew 8 . referee : anthony taylor 6 . attendance : 42,073 . mom : yannick bolasie .  click here to view our brilliant match zone – including glenn murray 's opener . crystal palace forward wilfried zaha evades the attention of sunderland striker steven fletcher during the premier league contest . james mcarthur challenges black cats striker connor wickham at the stadium of light as crystal palace stormed to victory . last weekend he was celebrating a tyne-wear derby victory and there was talk of him extending his stay beyond the end of this season . sunderland , though , are heading for the championship and advocaat 's reputation is on the line . pardew 's standing , however , has never been higher . he resisted temptation to crow over the identity of the victims and instead hailed the players who have now won four on the bounce . ' we were excellent . we were almost unplayable , ' said pardew . ' we 're a team that is bang in form and as a manager you can only be so proud . the scoreline flattered sunderland a little bit . that front quartet were irresistible at times . we are an honest group with that pace and power and that makes us a very dangerous team . ' bolasie 's treble bettered his total from the entirety of this campaign . and pardew added : ' i 'm surprised he has n't scored more goals . he 's the first palace player to get a premier league hat-trick as well , so that is a surprise . ' he 's at an age where he is improving . the final moment still needs to improve but he was excellent in that respect here . ' santiago vergini of sunderland attempts to clear the ball with a rapid yannick bolasie fast approaching in mid air . alan pardew 's side were headed into a second-half lead thanks to this effort from striker glenn murray on 48 minutes . the 31-year-old runs away to celebrate having opened the scoring early in the second-half against sunderland at the stadium of light . jason puncheon of crystal palace attempts to challenge sunderland 's jack rodwell in the air during the premier league clash . lee cattermole fends off interest from crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur but could n't prevent a heavy loss for the home side . zaha joins an ecstatic bolasie ( left ) after the congolese forward produced a stunning hat-trick in the second-half against sunderland . advocaat had watched from home in holland four weeks ago as aston villa won 4-0 at the stadium of light . this latest collapse leaves them just two places and three points above the drop zone . and the new boss said : ' i was shocked . you can see what can change in just six days . we were not in the game . even in the first half palace were better . ' we gave it all away inside just seven minutes . the work-rate from their strikers and the pace they have made it very difficult . we did not create any chances . that is a big concern . ' but i knew when i started this job that it would be difficult . we still have six games . we can still stay up . we need to get our confidence back . ' bolasie made a point to go and celebrate with crystal palace manager alan pardew after his quick-fire hat-trick during the 4-1 victory . sunderland strikers steven fletcher and jermain defoe ca n't hide their disappointment having been comprehensively beaten on saturday . the first half had been a depressing demonstration of two sides fouling one another , an occasional half-chance punctuating the boredom . jack rodwell lunged recklessly into the leg of james mcarthur with the ball long gone and was lucky to see just yellow . we did see red moments later , albeit the blood streaming from costel pantilimon 's mouth after scott dann planted his boot in the goalkeeper 's face when competing for a loose ball . dann , in fairness , was unfortunate to be booked . and the game soon had its third caution when lee cattermole , having been robbed by bolasie on halfway , desperately hauled the forward back by the trim of his shirt . palace , though , broke the tedium with their early blitz after the break . bolasie was the provider for the opener when his cross was deflected onto the brow of murray , who planted home from four yards for his sixth goal in as many matches . murray tries to keep possession under the attention of sunderland captain john o'shea during the contest at the stadium of light . the stands emptied during the second-half at the stadium of light as sunderland conceded four goals in quick succession . bolasie applauds the travelling fans holding the match ball after helping crystal palace to a 4-1 victory at sunderland with a fine hat-trick . within three minutes the livewire congolese had his first . dann loaded a ball forward from his own half , murray rose to flick on and bolasie escaped to poke through pantilimon . the visitors were three in front come the 54th minute , and again a long ball proved sunderland 's undoing as bolasie pounced to rob the dithering john o'shea before lifting over pantilimon . he did not have to wait long for his hat-trick . palace broke through murray down the right and he squared for bolasie who , after out-scrapping pantilimon and santiago vergini , poked home for his first senior treble . sunderland did steal a barely deserved consolation when connor wickham turned in patrick van aanholt 's cross , but it mattered not and news of leicester and aston villa 's victories has them looking down once more . for pardew , things are very much looking up .