the girlfriend of killer co-pilot andreas lubtiz is believed to be too scared to return to the small town they both grew up in fearing the she will face the ‘ hatred of the world’ . kathrin goldbach and her family are said to be so afraid of being blamed for the germanwings crash - caused by lubitz after he flew the plane he was co-piloting into the french alps – that they have fled the town and vowed to never return . the 26-year-old maths teacher , her rescue volunteer brother andreas and their parents told friends they do not plan to return to their home in the centre of the close-knit rural community of montabaur . scroll down for video . kathrin goldbach , the girlfriend of killer pilot andreas lubitz , and her family , including her brother andreas ( pictured left and right ) , have reportedly fled their home in montabaur and have no plans to return . a friend of the distraught family said : ‘ the girlfriend of the co-pilot has nothing to do with what happened . ‘ but the hatred of the world is coming down upon her , and you know this place is so small , it is very hard for them to come back here . ‘ they would have to look to find somewhere to stay around here if they wanted to get away . it is just not possible for them to keep a low profile so they are not coming back . ‘ it is so much easier if you live in dusseldorf or somewhere like that . ‘ but for the parents to come back here , it was almost impossible for them , it is just too small a town . ’ an extremely shaken miss goldbach , who is seeking comfort from a priest , told investigators that her long-term boyfriend lubtiz had whisked her away on holiday just days before his death . kathrin goldbach and her family are said to be afraid of being blamed for the germanwings crash , caused by andreas lubitz after he flew the plane he was co-piloting into the french alps . an extremely shaken miss goldbach , who is seeking comfort from a priest , told investigators that her long-term boyfriend lubtiz had whisked her away on holiday just days before his death . family members were also said to have joined the couple – who first met while working in a local burger king as teenagers - on the final holiday . miss goldbach left her teaching job in montabaur after lubitz qualified as a pilot in 2013 and the pair moved to a flat in dusseldorf . she got a job in a secondary school in a town called krefeld just outside of the city . the young teacher also confirmed that in the weeks before the crash he had bought ‘ his and her’ luxury audi’s for himself and miss goldbach . yesterday , it was claimed that footage showing the last few seconds inside the doomed flight had been found among the wreckage of the crash site . french prosecutor brice robin has called for anyone with footage of the plane crash which killed 150 people to hand it over to the authorities . a source close to the investigation said : ‘ his girlfriend was very nervous in the interview . she had a female minister with her to try to keep her calm but she was wringing her hands and was very tense . ‘ she knew he was ill but had no idea he was in this state of mind . he showed no signs of suicidal thoughts . ’ yesterday french prosecutor brice robin called for anyone with footage of the plane crash which killed 150 people to hand it over to the authorities . the demand came after german and french media reported having seen a video recording showing the final chaotic scenes of the flight as it hurled towards the alps mountainside . mr robin said investigators were not yet examining mobile phones found at the crash site , and he was not aware of footage from phones having been recovered . 