caroline wozniacki was spotted taking in a game of basketball in indiana on monday alongside nfl star j.j. watt . world no 5 wozniacki was joined by houston texans star watt in the stands as the pair cheered on the players at a ncaa final four college basketball championship game on monday in indianapolis , indiana . the game between between the duke blue devils and the university of wisconsin 's badgers took place at the lucas oil stadium in the city and world no 5 wozniacki seemed in great spirits alongside watt . caroline wozniacki watched a basketball game in indiana alongside nfl star j.j. watt on monday . the sports stars seemed to share a joke as they sat in the stands together during the basketball championship . world no 5 wozniacki and watt watch on as winconsin were beaten 68-63 by the duke blue devils . watt - who previously played college football for wisconsin in 2009 and 2010 - wore his sports sweater with pride but will have been left disappointed as the badgers lost 68-63 . wozniacki had spent the day before the game with us president barack obama . she was invited to the white house on monday to take part in the annual easter egg roll and played tennis with us president barack obama . us president barack obama plays tennis with world no 5 wozniacki during the easter egg roll . obama was n't well dressed for tennis but nevertheless the 53-year-old gave it a good go on monday . obama reacts to scoring a point against wozniacki as the pair enjoy the day hosted at the white house . the sporting ace participated in this year 's themed # gimmefive campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people . the white house hosts the easter egg roll every year on the lawn outside , inviting children and their parents to come and hunt for eggs , take part in sports activities and enjoy celebrity appearances . although he was n't particularly dressed for tennis , the president appeared to give a fairly good account of himself against the two-time us open runner-up . obama and wozniacki embrace as the event is broadcast on the popular show live ! with kelly and michael . caroline has had a difficult past year , but seems to be in a much better place now , after her long-term romance with northern irish golfer rory mcilroy ended in a rather public way . the couple had been an item since 2011 and in january 2014 they announced their engagement . but just months later , 25-year-old mcilory revealed he had called off the engagement as arranging the wedding invitations ahead of their nuptials made him realise he was n't ready for the commitment . wozniacki was engaged to rory mcilroy in january 2014 but months later the golfing champion had ended it .