carwyn scott-howell 's death was a tragic accident , according to state prosecutor pierre yves michau . the family of tragic ski boy carwyn scott-howell were expected to bring his body home this weekend as an investigation into his death ruled out negligence as a factor . carwyn , seven , plunged 160ft to his death in flaine , france , while skiing with his mother ceri and siblings gerwyn and antonia , after becoming separated from them . according to state prosecutor pierre yves michau , the schoolboy’s death earlier this month was ‘ a tragic accident’ with no one to blame . the family , from talybont-on-usk , wales , were enjoying their last run of the holiday when antonia fell and her mother stopped to help . carwyn carried on skiing and then ventured into a wooded area . his mother thought he had continued to their accommodation but raised the alarm when he did not return . mr michau said : ‘ the inquiry has found the piste was well signposted . the boy would have been aware that he was leaving the piste . the reason why is not known but it was by error . ‘ had he been with someone bigger or older , the accident wouldn’t have happened but it remains a dramatic and tragic accident . ’ in a statement released to the foreign office , his family described carwyn as a ' daring , outgoing , determined little boy ' and a ' very competent skier and snowboarder ' . they said they were enjoying their last ski run together when carwyn 's sister ' lost her ski on a jump and at this point carwyn skied ahead ' . ' he was a very daring outgoing determined little boy whose handsome smile lit up any room and made life full of laughter with never a dull moment . seven years is too short a time to be an angel in the sky . ' carwyn was a very competent skier and snowboarder who had started skiing at the age of three and spent several weeks each year skiing . we had spent the most happy ski holiday together in the french ski resort of flaine . ' the statement went on to explain how the family became separated on their last run of the day . ' the family were all enjoying their last ski run over the small jumps and bumps at the side of the slope together , when carwyn 's sister lost her ski on a jump and at this point carwyn skied ahead , ' it said . ' the family can not explain their feeling of utter devastation with a vast void in their hearts . ' carwyn , seven , from talybont-on-usk , wales , plunged 160ft to his death in flaine , france . 