nick clegg 's arch-rival for the leadership of the liberal democrats was at the centre of a bitter row last night over the death of one of the party 's councillors . tim farron was accused by the dead man 's widow of ' betrayal ' after an inquest found that jo stephenson jumped from the roof of his house while suffering ' intense stress ' . mr stephenson , deputy leader of cumbria county council , fell from the three-storey property in windermere after being vilified over new parking charges in mr farron 's westmorland and lonsdale constituency . now mr stephenson’s widow hilary has angrily accused mr farron – a former party president dubbed ‘ saint tim’ because of his religious beliefs – of reneging on a deal to support her late husband over the policy . tim farron ( left ) was accused by jo stephenson 's ( centre ) widow hilary ( right ) of ' betrayal ' after an inquest found that he jumped from the roof of his house while suffering ' intense stress ' . mr stephenson initially survived his fall and was coherent enough to tell the paramedics that he had intended to kill himself . he died of his injuries three weeks later . the shocking sequence of events unfolded after mr stephenson led controversial lib dem plans to boost the council 's income by ending free street parking in cumbria . local sources claim that mr farron – favourite to replace mr clegg if the party flops in the election – promised to support the charges in return for the exemption of liberal democrat-dominated parts of the county . but , according to mrs stephenson , when the plan provoked a furious backlash from local residents , mr farron stayed quiet as 59-year-old mr stephenson was bombarded with aggressive messages on facebook and twitter . ' they 'd negotiated a deal but tim reneged on it and shoved jo into the forefront to take the wrath , ' she told the mail on sunday . ' jo would just say , ' it 's not what gentlemen do , is it ? ' but it is what politicians do . i do n't know the details of it [ the deal ] . i just know farron reneged on it and it left jo in a very uncomfortable position . he felt betrayed . ' when i found out that tim farron happened to be on holiday on the date of jo 's funeral , i was very pleased . would i have barred him ? let 's just say i was very happy that the date coincided with his holiday . ' kendal coroner 's court heard last month that in the run-up to the day on which he jumped off his roof , mr stephenson had been under ' considerable political pressure ' , and ' preoccupied by a culmination of matters ' . nick clegg 's arch-rival for the leadership of the liberal democrats tim farron ( pictured ) was at the centre of a bitter row last night over the death of one of the party 's councillors . he dialled 999 himself , telling the operator : ' come quickly . i threw myself off the roof , i tried to kill myself . ' the deputy coroner ruled that the fall was ' no accident ' but stopped short of ruling mr stephenson committed suicide . mrs stephenson , who had two children with mr stephenson , does not believe her husband was suicidal but that he was so distressed by the personal attacks on him , he was not thinking properly . she recalled : ' i looked out of the bedroom window and saw an ambulance outside . i found jo propped up against a chair talking to the paramedic on the phone . ' last month , mr farron launched a thinly-veiled leadership challenge to mr clegg , saying he would bring the party ' back from the dead ' . the committed christian brushed aside claims by enemies in the clegg camp that he was a ' sanctimonious , god-bothering , treacherous little s*** ' , and vowed to revive the lib dems . mrs stephenson questioned tim farron 's ' saintly ' image , saying : ' he wants everyone to love him and do what he says but he is just a typical modern politician who likes to whizz around the lakes from one photo opportunity to another . ' he may see himself as a future leader of the lib dems but he 's not the sort of character i would like to see in that job . ' mrs stephenson said her husband was ' absolutely delightful , ' adding : ' jo did n't seek political glory , he was n't like that . ' last night , mr farron , 44 , said : ' i 'm really saddened by these comments which are completely false and i strongly refute them . ' that does not change the fact that i have immense compassion for hilary . jo was an outstanding servant to our community and he is hugely missed . ' 