a holidaymaker still has sickness issues , nine months after he first contracted food poisoning on holiday in egypt . james houlder and his girlfriend , vicki hood , had saved up for months for the sunshine break at the sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh . but within just hours of arriving at the first choice resort , which is described as five-star on its website , the couple say they became violently ill with sickness and diarrhoea and were barely able to leave their room . james houlder fell ill while on holiday with his partner vicki hood last summer at the sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh , and is still suffering nine months on . james , 30 , who works for a publishing company , has since developed irritable bowel syndrome ( ibs ) , a digestive complaint which he admits can leave him in crippling pain with him sometimes needing the toilet several times an hour . vicki , 22 , claims she too has been plagued by sickness including a kidney infection . the couple , who live just outside norwich , had booked the break last summer and envisaged 10 days sunning themselves on the beach and scuba diving in the famous red sea . but instead james said : ' on the first night we got there in time for the end of dinner and that 's where it all started to go wrong . the next morning , after breakfast , we started to become violently ill. we had to take it in turns to use the bathroom . ' when we finally felt better a few days later we decided to eat at one of the resort 's a la carte restaurants . we thought it would be safer than the buffet but it just made us ill all over again . mr houlder took a photo of a piece of mouldy bread while he was on holiday in sharm el sheikh . ' we were both so ill we were crying . it was dreadful , the worst holiday ever . ' the rooms were dated and dirty and the staff were rude . ' it was like a holiday coming home . ' james claims they asked to get earlier return flights but were told it would cost them hundreds of pounds . after investing around £1,500 already in the all-inclusive deal , he says they were forced to sit it out in the blistering heat . and once at home james told how the health problems continued with ibs still causing him to take time off or away from work nine months on . he said : ' it 's sporadic , it 's not something that happens all the time , but equally it can come on without warning . one minute i 'm fine and the next i can be in agony . ' the other day i had to stop twice on the way to work to go to the toilet and it 's only a 20-minute drive . ' i 've been in situations where i 've been going many times an hour and trying to hide it . it 's awful and embarrassing . ' james says he was offered a £50 ' goodwill voucher ' but no apology from first choice and has now instructed law firm slater and gordon to launch a civil case against the travel company , part of the tui group . a spokesperson for first choice told mailonline travel : ' first choice is sorry to hear of the couple’s experience during their holiday in egypt . ' our ultimate priority is the health , safety and comfort of all our customers and we operate stringent health and hygiene procedures in line with industry standards . ' as this case is now subject to legal proceedings it would be inappropriate for us to comment further . ' the sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh will provide bad memories for james houlder . richard duxbury , a specialist travel lawyer from slater and gordon , representing mr houlder , said : ' mr houlder and his partner paid a substantial amount of money to go on what they thought would be a relaxing getaway . ' instead the holiday was ruined by entirely unacceptable hygiene standards which have left both of them still suffering the effects several months after returning home . ' mailonline travel has also contacted sonesta beach resort , and is awaiting a response . james houlder says numerous meals at the sonesta beach resort made him and his partner sick . alex comley fell ill during a family holiday to the sonesta beach resort in egypt . easyjet pilot alex comley , 33 , from bracknell , berks , booked a 10-day break to sonesta beach resort in sharm el sheikh , egypt last july with tour operator thomson holidays with his wife louise , 36 , and two-year-old son sebastian . however , the all-inclusive trip , which cost nearly £2,000 , was ruined only four days after they arrived when alex was struck down by salmonella at their four-star resort . he claims his illness became so serious that after returning home he needed medical treatment and was unable to return to work for easyjet for more than a month . he said : ' we were all very excited about the trip abroad as it was the first family holiday since my son sebastian was born . ' we had planned on doing so many ' firsts ' and really wanted sebastian to have a wonderful time on his holiday and enjoy spending some real quality time together as a family . however the holiday turned into a nightmare . ' on the fourth day he woke up with crippling stomach pains and was in agony for the rest of the holiday , suffering with vomiting and diarrhoea . ' i have never been so unwell . i could n't be away from the toilet for any extended periods as i was so ill so i was basically trapped in a hotel room for nearly the entire time . ' i had only eaten in the hotel as it was an all-inclusive holiday , so i must have eaten something there to cause the problems . ' an appointment with the doctor on his return home apparently confirmed that he had contracted a serious strain of salmonella food poisoning and could n't return to his job for more than four weeks . alex , who says he has n't received an apology from the firm , has instructed law firm slater & gordon to launch a legal case against thomson holidays . the case is ongoing . in a statement , thomson holidays said : ' we are sorry to hear of mr comley 's experience during his trip to egypt . as this case is now subject to legal proceedings it would be inappropriate for us to comment further . ' the ultimate priority for thomson is the health , safety and comfort of all our customers . we operate stringent health and hygiene procedures in line with industry standards . '  