a picture , believed to be the only image of the civil war ironclad , the css georgia has been revealed to be a fake created in a teenage hoax using a 2ft model . john potter , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing it in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog . he then passed on the image on to the georgia historical society and the photo became an unofficial part of the ship 's history even though it was never authenticated . scroll down for video . john potter ( pictured ) , from savannah , has admitted forging the picture with his brother in the 1980s and placing the picture in a frame which now holds a picture of his dead dog . in 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame.inscribed on the back of the frame , he claimed , was ' css georgia . ' he told historians that he did n't have the $ 175 the owner wanted . the picture mr potter handed over to the society was actually a picture of a picture . in 1986 he fibbed that he was at a yard sale when he found the photograph in an antique frame . inscribed on the back of the frame , he claimed , was ' css georgia . ' he told historians that he did n't have the $ 175 the owner wanted , so he took a photo of it and then mailed it to historical groups in savannah . potter has now admitted the sham and explained how he falsified the image . when he was a teenager in savannah , potter , his brother jeffrey and a friend shot a short 8mm movie about the building — and destruction — of the css georgia in a fictional battle with union troops . for the movie , they built an 18-foot long boat of plywood and styrofoam , as well as a smaller 2-foot model . they based the design , in part , on his grandfather 's recollections of details passed down by word of mouth through generations of their family . potter also used an illustration of the ironclad he found on a postcard . to create the fake image potter 's younger brother put on a coat and straw hat went out to a marsh with a cane fishing pole and potter took a photo . he took another photo of the 2-foot model and cut out the boat 's image , glued it onto the photo of his brother , then used dirt and glue to create the illusion of a photo faded by age and stained by water or chemicals . evidence of the hoax : all elements of the fakery were snapped by potter at one time . the small model boat here appears alongside the false picture , polaroids of it and a 1984 copy of mad magazine . he bought an old picture frame and beat it up even further . he put the photo in it . then he drove 120 miles to a yard sale in waycross , georgia , put the picture down and took a polaroid of it . he laughs now , when he remembers that it had seemed so important that he actually do this at a yard sale , so at least that part would be true . ' who knows what goes through the mind of a kid , ' he said . the us army corps of engineers appealed for information about the picture as it embarked on a project to raise the ironclad . potter sent out the photo to historical groups , setting off the sporadic , and fruitless , search for a css georgia photo that he now says never existed . as the army corps of engineers embarked this year on a $ 14 million project to raise the wreckage of the real css georgia from the river , archaeologists publicised the image online and in news stories hoping to track down the original photo . ' wanted : a photo of this confederate battleship , ' read the headline above the image on the army corps website . ' there are a lot of characteristics in the photograph that lead us to believe it is the css georgia , ' julie morgan , the army corps archaeologist in charge of raising the ironclad 's remains , said in a february interview . ' on the other side , there are some skeptics who believe it 's a complete fake . ' robert holcombe , former curator of the national civil war naval museum in columbus , georgia , said in february that while the original photograph would be needed to confirm if the image was authentic , he believed it was real . ' most people seem to think so , ' he said . ' or else it 's an awfully good fake ' . the peeling gilt frame that once held the disputed photo , is now filled with a portrait of potter 's deceased pug , puggy van dug . he never became a successful special effects artist with the exception of the one faked photo . the peeling gilt frame that once held the disputed photo , is now filled with a portrait of potter 's deceased pug , puggy van dug .    