police have found the car a queensland teenager was forced into at gunpoint by an ex-partner . relatives of billy-anne huxham , 18 , told officers on tuesday morning she had been forced into a car outside a caboolture home , north of brisbane just after 6am . shocked neighbours heard yelling and screaming moments before ms huxham was abducted from her home by a man who reportedly attacked her with a machete . detectives are desperately searching for the teen and carl garry chapman , 32 , who is believed to be the victim 's former boyfriend . a police spokeswoman says ms huxham contacted a relative on thursday , but police still have serious concerns for her welfare . they believe she was taken in a silver 2014 mitsubishi outlander with the queensland registration 789vni . scroll down for video . abducted teen billy-anne huxton has reportedly made contact with a family member . the have now found that car and their inquiries continue . detective acting inspector steve windsor said guns could be involved in the abduction . ' with the information we have that possibly firearms are involved , the public - if they could advise crime stoppers ( of any sighting ) , ' he said . an investigation centre has also been set up at the caboolture police station . 18-year-old billy-anne huxham was reportedly woken up , attacked with a machete and taken from her home . a neighbour , who did n't want to be identified , said she heard screaming before the mitsubishi took off down the street . ' i did n't really think much of it because that sort of thing is n't uncommon for that house , ' she said . it was initially claimed that ms huxham sustained wounds to her leg and bruising to her face as a result of the violent ambush . a machete was allegedly left at the scene of the crime but the man is still armed and dangerous and is reportedly carrying a firearm . detectives are currently searching for carl garry chapman , 32 , who is allegedly the victim 's former boyfriend . following the abduction , the perpetrator broke into another home in caboolture and threatened the residents with a gun , believed to be shotgun or rifle . a police chase on the bruce highway was unsuccessful after mr chapman and ms huxham were spotted driving on anzac avenue at 11.30am - five hours after the abduction . police are concerned for the woman 's safety and urge the public not to approach the pair but to call 000 immediately .