in cities that are as well-known for their burgeoning fashion scene as they are their must-see monuments and ever-evolving culture , it 's perhaps no surprise that hotel staff are as well-dressed as their chic visitors . the park hyatt new york , for example , recently hired first lady michelle obama 's favourite designer , narcisco rodriguez , to re-design the staff 's uniforms . while the shangri la hotel in toronto opted for local designer , sunny fong , when overhauling their lobby lounge dresses and champagne room uniforms . the result was a sleek , sophisticated style , inspired by the asian artwork in the property 's common spaces . and that 's just the beginning . mailonline travel looks at most well-dressed hotel staffs around the world . jw marriott houston downtown hired american designer , david peck , for its recent uniform overhaul . jw marriott houston downtown . the jw marriott hotel in downtown houston enlisted the help of american designer , david peck , for their recent uniform revamp . the houston-based designer first launched his own line at age 21 and quickly became known for his classic shapes , structured pieces and tailored silhouettes . a first of its kind collaboration , peck and marriott took inspiration from the city 's 104-year-old skyscraper , as well as the local houston aesthetic in designing the ready-to-wear pieces . evoking an east coast high-society sensibility , the designs rely heavily on fair-trade tweed , sharp suits , and accessories , such as bowties . peck ( left ) is a houston-based designer , now known for this structured pieces and tailored silhouettes . in designing the pieces , peck took inspiration from the city 's 104-year-old skyscraper and local influences . the looks are meant to evoke an east coast high-society sensibility , relying heavily on bold accents . and these custom-made looks do n't set the hotel staff back a dollar . not only does marriott pay for the uniforms , but peck has also provided each employee with a 150-page style guide to help them find new ways to mix and match the pieces . ' david peck’s custom designs artfully reflect the sophisticated yet unpretentious nature of the hotel , ' natalie wiseman , jw marriott houston downtown director of sales and marketing , said in a statement . the park hyatt new york hired michelle obama 's favourite designer , narcisco rodriguez , for a uniform revamp . the park hyatt new york is a luxury hotel located near central park south in manhattan . the subtle cut-out detailing on the back of the dress adds a bit of sexiness while remaining work appropriate . park hyatt new york . fashion icon , narcisco rodriguez , lent a hand when it came to redesigning the uniforms for this central manhattan hotel . it 's easy to see why rodriguez is a favourite of the first lady of the united states , seeing as how when challenged to come up with a new york-centric design , the fashion guru erred on the side of timeless elegance with a chic little black dress . the minimalist look is a perfect fit for the luxury property , located just south of central park , and the knee-length frocks come in sleeveless , capped and three-quarter length styles . at the rosewood hotel in london , doormen wear newsboy caps and female employees don wool-silk blazers . british designer nicholas oakwell ( left ) designed the vintage-inspired uniforms for london 's rosewood hotel . the looks , which harken back to a simpler time , are crafted using materials such as tartan and tweed . rosewood hotel london . nicholas oakwell designed the vintage-inspired couture uniforms for the central london rosewood hotel . using materials like tartan and tweed , the looks harken back to a simpler time in the capital . doormen don newsboy caps and checkered trousers , while female employees are clad in slim-fitting wool-silk blazers and menswear-inspired neckties . the uk-based designer has dressed plenty of a-list stars , including hilary swank and natalie dormer , and is london fashion week show is one of the hottest tickets in town . the shangri la hotel in toronto , which opened in 2012 , is located just west of the city 's financial district . in celebration of the property 's one year anniversary , the uniforms were redesigned by vawk 's sunny fong . fong 's sophisticated look was inspired by the asian artwork in the hotel 's common spaces . fong ( left ) is a toronto-based fashion designer , known for his minimalist , sexy aesthetic and sleek silhouettes . shangri-la toronto . to celebrate the hotel 's one year anniversary , the lobby lounge uniforms got a serious overhaul - all thanks to toronto-based fashion designer , sunny fong . the mastermind behind luxury label , vawk , fong crafted a sexy , sophisticated look , after being inspired by the artwork in the hotel 's common spaces , such as the ming vase tea library and the zhang huan ' rising ' sculpture . fong 's blue and white lounge dress and the champagne room uniform both borrow from traditional asian design , including sleek silhouettes and a mandarin collar . japan-born designer , yohji yamamoto ( right ) , has designed uniforms for the royalton hotel in new york ( left ) . known for an avant-garde style , in his signature black , the designs are every bit as sleek as the hotel interior . royalton new york . the hotel got a major makeover in 2009 by renowned architect philippe starck , and along with it , the property 's staff uniforms were also overhauled . crafted by award-winning fashion designer , yohji yamamoto , has long been considered a master tailor in his field . known for his avant-garde designs and oversized silhouettes , often in black , yamamoto 's uniforms are every bit as sleek as the interior of the luxurious midtown establishment .