grandparents have pleaded for the safe return to australia of two young children whose mother took them from melbourne to the islamic state capital in syria . former melbourne woman dullel kassab fled to raqqa in syria with her children last year , and she regularly boasts on twitter that her four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son sleep with toy guns next to their beds and her daughter likes watching is videos of ' muslims killing bad ppl . ' the children 's paternal grandparents say they are worried kassab , 28 , is ' brainwashing ' the children , after their father was killed near the syria-turkey border last year , the herald sun reported . former melbourne woman dullel kassab fled to raqqa in syria from melbourne with her children last year . kassab posts pictures to twitter of airstrikes hitting blocks away from their raqqa apartment . ' we miss the children a lot . their safety and religion has been compromised and we are deeply worried but unable to do anything about it , ' a family spokesman told the herald sun . ' we pray they come back but it does not look good . ' kassab 's twitter paints a picture of their life in the city the terrorist group is have made their headquarters , where the children can not go to school and airstrikes hit blocks away from their apartment . the 28-year-old has a new husband , as the islamic state does not permit unmarried foreign women to stay in raqqa . in social media posts she boasts about her children 's distaste for kuffar ( non-believers ) . a photo of another airstrike a day later . the children 's paternal grandparents say they are worried kassab , 28 , is ' brainwashing ' the children , after their father was killed near the syria-turkey border last year . on her twitter account she boasts about her children 's distaste for kuffar ( non-believers ) ' my 4y/o encouraging her little bro to eat his eggs – `` c'mon eat ur eggs so u can be big & strong & fight the kuffar ! '' allah yehmikum ! [ sic ] ' she wrote in december . ' # awkward just asked my 4yo wat she wants 2 watch.. `` muslims killing bad ppl '' ( i.e . # is vids obv not beheading ones ) lol [ sic ] , ' she wrote in october . kassab has also complained the 12 to 17-year-olds are now regarded as children when ' in the past they were warriors ' . and during the sydney lindt café siege in december last year she sent a series of tweets joking that it was exciting . ' this is the most excitement sydney has seen since the 2000 olympics ! ' she posted . kassab also posts pictures of the islamic state capital - including this of a ' double rainbow ' . and during the sydney lindt café siege last year kassab sent a series of tweets joking that it was ' exciting ' . ' i guess attack the coffee shop was n't a bad idea , it 's a long night… one needs caffeine and chocolate ! ! [ sic ] ' kassab also posts pictures of the islamic state capital , and of nutella and twix and snickers chocolate bars with the caption : ' im really appreciating # globalization right about now ! # simplepleasures another reason to love # is [ sic ] . ' the 28-year-old 's father jalal kassab said he was worried about his grandchildren living in a war zone , but said the threat of imprisonment made it difficult for his daughter to return to australia . ' i know she wants to come back and we are trying everything we can to bring her back , ' mr kassab told the herald sun . another former melbourne woman zehra duman last month shared a series of propaganda pictures she says shows her ' five star jihad ' lifestyle . in photographs posted to a twitter several women are pictured standing under an islamic state flag , reclining against a clean white bmw m5 and wielding machine guns . in one tweet , duman said : ' us + australia , how does it feel that all 5 of us were born n raised in your lands , & now here thirsty for ur blood ? ' 