whether it 's from a university or a new employer , we all know that horrible , deflated feeling that comes with getting a rejection letter . but 17-year-old siobhan o'dell hit back after being sent a rejection letter from duke university , by sending the admissions office a message of her own , rejecting their rejection . the teenager , from north carolina , had applied to the prestigious college in her home state , but on march 26 she was sent a letter telling her she had failed to make the grade . scroll down for video . siobahn o'dell , 17 , from north carolina , sent this response to an email from the admissions department at duke university telling her she had missed out on a place . however , refusing to take no for an answer , she wrote back , saying : ' after careful consideration , i regret to inform you that i am unable to accept your refusal to offer me admission into the fall 2015 freshman class at duke . mirroring the standard format of college rejection letters , she added : ' despite duke 's outstanding success in rejecting previous applicants , you simply did not meet my qualifications . ' therefore , i will be attending duke university 's 2015 freshmen class . i look forward to seeing you then . ' speaking to mailonline about the letter , she said : ' they sent me a typical college rejection letter , `` this year we had an outstanding pool of applicants ... '' , blah , blah , blah . ' it made me realize how much power universities have over students . seniors labor over applications , stress over waiting , and sometimes cry over the answer . then that 's it . ' the college has all the power . but what if that was n't it ? what if we got to treat the college like they treated us ? i wanted to give them a taste of their own medicine . ' miss o'dell 's letter has attracted nearly 100,000 likes and rebolgs since she posted it to her tumblr account , and will even feature in duke 's college newspaper . since posting a copy of the letter to her tumblr account , the image has gone viral , attracting nearly 100,000 likes and reblogs since first being posted . speaking about the popularity of the email , she said : ' i obviously was n't expecting it to get this popular , it was just meant as a joke . ' my friends all it 's hilarious , i have n't showed my mom yet but she 'll get a good laugh out of it . ' my only regret is not proof reading it first as a few people have pointed out the bad grammar . ' not sharing the joke : duke university did respond to miss o'dell 's email , but clearly did n't share her sense of humour , instead telling her she could appeal their decision , but was unlikely to get it overturned . while miss o'dell 's letter did n't earn her a place at duke , it seems to have got the attention of students on campus , and is even set to feature in the college newspaper . duke did eventually respond to her rejection letter , but did n't appear to share the joke , instead telling her that should could appeal their decision , but ' it 's very rare ' for the call to be overturned . however miss o'dell , who also goes by her middle name of reece , has no need for an appeal after being awarded a place at the university of southern california . she said : ' i 'm going to major in biology and minor in mathematics . my goal is to be a pediatrician . i look forward to going to usc this fall . '