the stars of married at first sight embark on their honeymoons on tonight 's episode of the fyi series , but all three of the couples quickly find themselves experiencing some serious trouble in paradise . jaclyn methuen , who nearly left husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she deemed him too unattractive , continues to put her new husband in the ' friend zone ' during their romantic trip to puerto rico and at one point the 30-year-old even admits to him that she wanted to be a runaway bride . ' she wanted to run away . i just feel pure disappointment , ' ryan , 29 , says in a web exclusive clip from the episode . ' this sucks . this absolutely sucks . ' scroll down for video . hurt feelings : jaclyn methuen can be seen confessing to her new husband ryan ranellone that she wanted to be a runaway bride during a web exclusive clip from tonight 's episode of married at first sight . ray-ban original wayfarer classic . get ashlee 's pair at zappos ! visit site . a pair of stylish sunglasses are an essential component of any enviable ensemble . they will instantly add a dash of elusive cool , just take a look at jaclyn methuen . jaclyn is rocking quite the sophisticated get up in her tan crochet cover up over a bright bikini but it 's those ray-ban sunnies that really seal the sartorial deal for us . ray-bans are the ultimate wardrobe staple - they 're not exactly unaffordable and they instantly give you that a-list edge . snap up jaclyn 's pair ( right ) today ! alternatively , check out similar styles ( below ) to steal jaclyn 's look with a lower price tag . our edit includes options from forever 21 , kate spade , von zipper and shwood , starting at just $ 7.90 . you 'll be exuding cool just like miss methuen in no time ! shwood canby wayfarer sunglasses at zappos . visit site . forever 21 metallic tortoise wayfarer sunglasses . visit site . kate spade new york brigit tortoise-shell wayfarers at neiman marcus . visit site . vonzipper booker wayfarers at zappos . visit site . just friends : the newlyweds enjoy a romantic dinner in puerto rico during their honeymoon , but things soon get awkward when they run out of things to talk about . and while ryan enjoys taking in his pretty wife 's bikini body , he admits he is growing increasingly irritated with her insistence on calling him ' dude ' and ' bro ' when they are supposed to be acting like a married couple . jaclyn , who was single for seven years before saying ' i do ' , is struggling with how she should treat her husband , who she feels is a total stranger to her . ' we 've only know each other for four days . this is uncomfortable , ' jaclyn says in a preview of tuesday night’s episode . last week , the sales rep from new jersey refused to get intimate with ryan on the night of their wedding , but it looks like she may be slowly - but surely - coming around to her new husband after spending time with him on the exotic getaway . nice view : ryan enjoys checking out his new wife in a bikini , but he is growing frustrated that she is still putting him in the ' friend zone ' . small gesture : jaclyn lets ryan rub sunscreen on her bottom , even though she has refused to be intimate with him up until this point . the preview clip shows a bikini-clad jaclyn having ryan playfully apply sunscreen to her bottom - a task that he clearly did n't mind at all . but jaclyn and ryan aren’t the only ones experiencing problems , despite being in the ‘honeymoon’ period of their marriages . jessica castro , 30 , and ryan deniro , 29 , who have been comfortable with each other from the start , argue over his choice of words on what should of have been a romantic dinner date in key largo . after jet-skiing and enjoying some fun in the sun , the two head to dinner , but when jessica shows him a photo of herself with her ' monroe ' lip piercing , she is furious with his reaction , accusing him of calling it trashy . ' you just do n't say that to a person , ' she tells him during dinner . first fight : ryan deniro and jessica castro can be seen having arguing over dinner during their honeymoon in puerto rico . really angry : a preview for the episode shows ryan storming out of the restaurant . marital problems : davina kullar looks visibly upset during her honeymoon with her new husband sean varricchio . but ryan maintains that she is misconstruing his words and quickly grows frustrated with her accusations . ' i do n't want to talk about it . do n't follow me , ' he tells his new wife as he storms out of the restaurant . meanwhile , davina kullar , 34 , and sean varricchio , 35 , are also struggling with some relationship issues during their honeymoon to colorado . the couple 's friends and families , particularly davina 's are having trouble supporting their union . during the clip from tonight 's episode , davina is crying on a ski lift , while wishing her new husband would comfort her . ' i wanted him to hold me closer , ' she tells the cameras . ' we 're not on the same page . '