sitting front row at fashion week is a coveted position . not just for the best view in the house and the chance that your neighbour might be a celebrity or anna wintour ... but for the goodie bag . stars , buyers and fashion editors in the ' frow ' are often showered with gift bags stuffed with treats from the show sponsors . the maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on tuesday went above and beyond to impress guests , with front row attendees given a personalised tablet . but a few of the highly-prized gifts went missing when someone with sticky fingers - perhaps a disgruntled second row guest - decided to snap them up for themselves . scroll down for video . sticky fingers : singer jessica mauboy was among the front row attendees at the maticevski show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia who had her gifted tablet stolen from her seat . we cleaned up ! zac ( left ) and jordan stenmark and lindy klim looked thrilled with their customised tablets . all mine : nadia bartel also got her hands on a coveted tablet thanks to her front row position . jessica mauboy , model maddison brow , and gq editor nick smith were among those who had their lenovo tablets stolen from their seats . it should be easy to spot the culprits though , as each of the tablets had been customised with wallpaper bearing their name . celebrities including lindy klim , and jordan and zac stenmark were pictured fawning over their personalised lenovo tablets before the show started . not a bad goodie bag : each front row guest was given an $ 899 lenovo tablet with their gift bag at the show . perks of the job : fashion editors including elle editor justine cullen were among the lucky recipients , and were quick to share their haul on social media . show organisers had a few back-ups of the $ 899 tablet on hand that were not customised to give to the theft victims . despite the drama , the show was a spectacular success , with an a-list turn-out and dazzling creations gracing the catwalk . toni maticevski , whose designs are beloved by jennifer hawkins , abbie cornish and jess hart , presented a glimmering display complete with gold , glitter , mesh and tulle . high tech : models on the catwalk also carried the tablets , which displayed a live stream of the show . neckless : models were seen to be keeping necks hidden in maticevski 's neutral couture dress line . soft summer : models wear a pastel palette with soft , summery tulles , transparent fabrics and flowing designs . maticevski , who began his career with bridal gowns , stuck to his signature wrap look but branched out this season with new metallic and pastel palettes and a mix of bold and conservative cuts . the star of the couture collection though was the glittery , gold metallic asymmetrical dress that not only brightened up the dull warehouse backdrop but wowed the audience with it 's high cut , off the shoulder metallic design . also featured alongside the asymmetrical number was a opalescent mesh two piece top and skirt with a gold , triangular panel starring centre front . maticevski 's got the midas touch : a gold , glittery asymmetrical dress steals the show at toni maticevski . the right mesh : a pearlescent mesh two piece also featured in the gold range as shown at toni maticevski . showcasing also in the metallic range was glimmering opaque black maxi skirts , coats and pants . the designs all featured stiff black fabric and wrap designs , with skirts featuring tulle underlays and models wearing transparent black bows in their hair . in addition to the metallic line , maticevski also created a playful , light , pastel collection for spring/summer that features transparent white and lilac overlays , apricot tulle and pretty pink prints . models in the pastel collection replaced bows with flowers but keeping to their slick buns as seen throughout . 50 shades of grey : maticevski 's classic couture range had models wearing long , grey coats and dresses . black tie : models match with bold black outfits , heels , bows and furrowed brows . the last range in the collection featured classic , neutral couture pieces with signature folds , asymmetrical lines and frills in abundance . the main colours of the monochrome collection were gunmetal , white and black and models were seen carrying transparent domes with flowers inside or wearing clear ball-shaped necklaces to tie in with the pastel , summery collection . shapes also varied in the final line , with a mix of conservative long trench coats and ankle-length dresses and high-cut , daring just above knee styles .