the federal bureau of investigation is facing accusations that it is ' whitewashing ' possible saudi arabian involvement in the 9/11 terrorist attacks . a commission designed to review evidence about the world-changing bombings has not delved into an fbi agent 's claims that a saudi florida family had ties to the hijackers after the agency said that the report was ' unsubstantiated ' . relatives of homeowner esam ghazzawi lived in the plush sarasota dwelling until they fled and left cars , furniture and food in their refrigerator behind right before the 9/11 , prompting some to say they knew about the attacks . scroll down for video . the fbi 's handling of reports about a saudi family fleeing florida two weeks before the 9/11 attacks has raised suspicion that the agency is whitewashing any involvement by the middle eastern country . the family of abdulaziz al-hijji and his wife anoud left their 3,300 square foot florida home in august 2001 , but did not take cars , furniture or food from their fridge . the daughter and son-in-law of ghazzawi , who worked as an adviser to a member of the saudi royal family , had stayed at the 3,300 square foot house for six years but left in late august 2001 , not even leaving a forwarding address . an fbi agent who investigated the disappearance after neighbors thought it was suspicious said that the family had ' many connections to individuals associated with the terrorist attacks on 9/11/2001 ' . at least one ' family member ' had attended the same venice , florida , flight school as some of the hijackers , according to a piece in the new york post . mohamed atta , the leader of the hijackers , and two other terrorists on the flights , marwan al-shehhi and ziad jarrah , were also reported to have visited the sarasota house , according to florida bulldog . anoud al-hijji , ghazzawi 's daughter , later returned to america to sell the home . the 9/11 commission wrote that ' the fbi told the review commission that the [ fbi report ] on which the news article was based was `` poorly written '' and wholly unsubstantiated ... ' ' when questioned later by others in the fbi , the special agent who wrote [ it ] was unable to provide any basis for the contents of the document or explain why he wrote it as he did ' . esam ghazzawi , who owned the sarasota home , was an adviser to a nephew of saudi arabia 's king fahd ( left ) . some observers have speculated that the middle eastern country helped back osama bin laden ( right ) . ziad samir jarrah ( left ) mohamed atta ( center ) and marwan al-shehhi ( right ) all reportedly visited the florida home owned by the saudi advisor at points before they carried out the heinous 9/11 attacks . the review commission said the fbi claimed it ' found no evidence that connected the family members in the miami herald article to any of the 9/11 hijackers , nor was there any connection found between the family and the 9/11 plot ' . the fbi 's dismissal of the report has led some to question whether the agency is covering up evidence of possible saudi backing for 9/11 . former florida senator bob graham told the miami herald : ' the fbi has served america through most of its history . there were stumbles by the agency before 9/11 and since the tragedy there has been a consistent effort to cover up the extent of saudi arabia’s involvement . ' the congressional joint inquiry into the attack , which graham co-chaired , contained 28 fully pages that are said to have spoken about who financed 9/11 that were fully redacted by the bush administration . senator graham said the pages ' point a very strong finger ' at the government of saudi arabia , rather than wealthy saudi individuals , as the backers of the attack . they also implicate officials at the saudi embassy in washington for involvement with 9/11 hijackers in san diego , sources told hoover institute fellow paul sperry . the fbi told the 9/11 review commission that the original report about the sarasota family 's connections was unsubstantiated . above , the national september 11 memorial in new york city . some such as former florida senator bob graham ( right ) have said that there has been a consistent effort to cover up saudi involvement . left , the world trade center memorial . the recent review commission , which was created by congress last year to look into evidence not considered by the fbi , said there was ' no evidence ' that saudi officials were involved . information about the sarasota family was not included in the original 2004 9/11 commission report and the information was not shared with congress . the agent in question was not identified . the commission did not interview him or senator graham or his investigators . review commission officials ' report said that the fbi needed to strengthen information sharing to combat further terrorist threats . abdulaziz al-hijji , the son-in-law who lived in sarasota , has recently lived in london and worked for saudi arabia 's state-owned oil company , according to the telegraph . ' i love the usa . my kids were born there , i went to college and university there , i spent a good portion of my life there and i love it , ' he said in 2012 . reports have claimed that al-hijji and his father-in-law ghazzawi were both on fbi watch lists before 9/11 . the new saudi king salman also directed government charities in the 1990s that are thought to have funneled funds to al qaeda .