andrew flintoff fears kevin pietersen is ' running out of time ' to resurrect his england career . flintoff , speaking at the england and wales cricket board 's natwest t20 launch , sees a bright summer and lasting future ahead for ' probably the premier tournament ' in this country . the dual ashes-winning all-rounder is less convinced , however , about pietersen 's prospects of forcing his way back into test contention . kevin pietersen scored 170 for surrey in the parks as he bids to earn a recall to the england squad . former england star andrew flintoff thiks time is running out for pietersen to resurrect his england career . pietersen already has three ashes series wins on his cv but will be 35 before the 2015 edition begins , and flintoff senses he no longer has age on his side . the controversial record-breaking batsman has been surplus to requirements since being sacked 14 months ago after alastair cook 's team were whitewashed 5-0 in australia , but has taken heart from incoming ecb chairman colin graves ' hints that there may be a way back after all . pietersen and his agent have both spoken of the ' clean slate ' being presented to him , and he began restating his case by hitting 170 against mccu oxford in his first red-ball innings for surrey since june 2013 . flintoff is concerned nonetheless that there is simply no vacancy for pietersen . ' he 's a fantastic player , but nobody just walks into any team - especially the england team , ' i 'm back , i 'm here , i 'm playing ' , ' flintoff told press association sport . england have won their last three tests under cook , pre-dating a miserable world cup , and took a three-figure first-innings lead in the first match of three in the west indies . pietersen has not featured for england since he was unceremoniously sacked 14 months ago . it is hard to identify anyone in their middle order who should step aside , on current form . ' which of them do you say `` you 're not playing ! '' for kevin to come in ? ' flintoff said . ' i just think kevin is running out of time a little bit . ' if he 'd started the season last year with surrey , and scored run after run and put himself in the position ... whereas now i think he 's looking at the ashes and he 's just running out of time . ' that 's not to say he ( definitely ) wo n't feature , but i ca n't imagine it 's going to be in the near future . ' flintoff is optimistic about england 's fortunes , despite their winter woes , with or without pietersen . ' alastair cook is so important , and you get the sense everyone within the england set-up wants him as captain , ' he said . ' he 's a popular lad , and a great player . ' peter moores , there are n't enough words for me to describe how great he is as a person and coach - an amazing bloke . ' the former england star is hoping to win back his test place with a return to red ball cricket . england , flintoff believes , just need a little more support . ' i think sometimes as a pundit , ex-player , you forget how difficult it can be , ' he added . ' in australia , you have all the ex-players talking to the current players and you get a sense that everyone wants australia to do well . ' with england , i 've never had a sense of that . ' it 's about time we started talking them up . i think it 's time we started supporting the side , getting behind cook , moores , the players . ' it 's very easy to take cheap shots and swipes and pick out a player who has n't moved his feet . ( i think ) maybe we should be a bit better than that , and start celebrating the lads a bit . ' he is enthusiastic too about this summer 's t20 blast , insisting it is no poor relation of the indian premier league - or the big bash , in which he played last winter for brisbane heat . flintoff says alastair cook is so important to england despite poor showing in the first test against west indies . flintoff said : ' the competition gets stronger . it 's probably the premier tournament of the domestic game now , with the crowds and excitement behind it . ' we 're seeing that , with some of the players coming over - the world 's best , chris gayle , brendon mccullum , ( glenn ) maxwell , ( aaron ) finch . ' i played in the big bash , and the standard was high ( but ) this stands up as a competition . ' you turn up at old trafford for lancashire-yorkshire , and get 25,000 people , then to chelmsford where they 're playing in front of packed houses - so i do n't subscribe to that . ' anything in this country , we look at things abroad and say everything is far better over there . ' we do n't really focus on what we 've got . flintoff shares a joke with players at the natwest t20 blast launch at edgbaston on thursday . ' i did n't see anything within the big bash and thought ' this is far better than what we 've got at home ' . ' whether at 37 he will be a part of the blast again , after coming out of retirement and so nearly helping lancashire to win the tournament last summer , is another matter . ' i 'm not arrogant enough to think i can just walk into the lancashire dressing-room and say ' i 'm back , i 'm playing ' , ' he added . ' the one reason i wanted to play ( last year ) is because i love it and i never want to look back at my life , when i 'm older , and think ' i wish i 'd done that ' . ' i do n't see failing as a problem . but i see not having a go as a crime . ' so i thought `` i 'm going to have a go '' , and i certainly loved it . '