the pound has slipped to a five-year low against the dollar amid growing uncertainty about the outcome of the general election . but the pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar , its lowest level since june 2010 - just after the last election when no party secured a majority . different polls have variously put the tories and labour narrowly ahead , with david cameron and ed miliband both facing the prospect of having to rely on smaller parties to form a government . the pound fell to near 1.46 against the us dollar , its lowest level since june 2010 - just after the last election when no party secured a majority . experts have warned of the impact on the economy of a badly hung parliament , with neither major party able to form a stable government . there are fears it could sent pound plummeting by another 10 per cent . today’s fall in the value of the pound was also impacted by figures showing industrial production grew by just 0.1 per cent in february . construction shrank by 0.9 per cent following a 2.5 per cent contraction in january . it was suggested that the figures pointed to overall growth slowing to 0.4 per cent for the first quarter , down from 0.6 per cent in the last three months of 2014 . that would be the weakest pace of growth since the end of 2013 . labour have made gains in a series of opinion polls , enjoying leads in three and cutting the conservative lead in another . the latest survey also contains good news for the liberal democrats who gain three points to draw level with ukip for the first time in more than 18 months . based on the 2010 election result , david cameron needs to win another 23 more seats to secure a majority in the commons , while ed miliband needs at least 70 . nick clegg is defending 56 seats , but is braced for heavy losses . comres research for itv and the daily mail suggested the race was still too tight to call with the tories on 34 per cent and labour on 33 per cent , but that compared with a four-point deficit for ed miliband 's opposition at the start of the campaign . other polls gave labour leads of between three and six points and one suggested that for the first time voters thought ed miliband was doing a better job than david cameron . the opposition gained two points on last week in the survation poll for the mirror , while the conservatives dipped one , to move ahead by 35 per cent to 31 per cent . the labour leader - despite still trailing his tory rival as the best to be prime minister by 37 per cent to 25 per cent - will be delighted at their latest personal approval ratings after lagging consistently behind throughout most of his leadership . a hard-hitting report by blackrock , the largest fund manager in the world , said last week that ‘ a soothing outcome for the markets is hard to imagine’ given labour’s anti-business policies and tory plans to hold a referendum on britain’ s membership of the european union . ‘ labour would be tough on business – and might be perceived as lacking fiscal responsibility , ’ the us giant said in the report . ‘ a conservatives-dominated cabinet would pave the way for an unsettling referendum in 2017 on the uk’s eu membership . ‘ whoever wins – and the result could take some time to emerge – will lead a weak government likely to pass only watered-down legislation . ’ blackrock , which invests in major british companies such as tesco , said weeks of horse-trading to form a government would be ‘ harrowing for the uk’ .