manchester city manager manuel pellegrini accepts his side are now facing a fight to stay in the champions league places . city appear to have lost too much ground to chelsea in the barclays premier league title race and their recent form has led to a further worry , with the sides behind them catching fast . the fading champions could even find themselves in fourth place before they next play - at crystal palace on monday - if results go against them over the weekend . manuel pellegrini ( centre ) shakes hands with david silva during manchester city training . martin demichelis ( left ) , wilfried bony ( centre ) and fernando during friday 's session . frank lampard ( right ) looks to play a pass as he and his team-mates are put through their paces . this is not a battle they envisaged having to fight at the start of the campaign but pellegrini realises nothing can be taken for granted after a frustrating second half of the season . pellegrini said : ' i think in this league you can never be sure you are going to have a champions league place . you have six or seven teams that , from the beginning , all of them play for that position . ' at the moment , for the whole year , we have been in a position of the champions league . i hope that we will continue . ' pellegrini believes his side are now in a battle for the champions league places and not the title . manchester city have struggled to keep up with chelsea , who are closing in on the premier league trophy . the ramifications of dropping out of the top four , however , are not really something pellegrini wants to consider , given that he still has hopes of landing the title . with just eight games remaining and a significant deficit to make up on chelsea that looks a forlorn task , but pellegrini is not giving up . the chilean said : ' of course if we want to continue in the first position of the table we must not drop any more points . it is easy to say but not easy to do it . ' we just know that from now until the end of the season we will try to win all the games and we will see if we can do it . we have to play eight finals from now until the end . ' sergio aguero has found goals hard to come by in recent weeks but will hope to find the net on monday . james milner is in line to return after withdrawing from the england squad with a knee problem . city will hope to be at full strength for the trip to selhurst park . pellegrini reported nothing other than ' small problems ' when asked about any injury concerns at his pre-match press conference . that means a likely return for key midfielder yaya toure , who missed the 3-0 victory over west brom a fortnight ago with an achilles problem but has since played for ivory coast . fellow midfielder james milner has also been troubled by a knee problem in recent weeks - and withdrew from england 's midweek friendly in italy - but the issue is not thought serious .