a mere 53 hours to kick-off and all is serene at the training base of queens park rangers . mowers clip along on distant pitches as the sun beats down and the whitewashed pavilion is brightened by pots of forget-me-nots , a flower which could be adopted as the emblem of relegation . qpr boss chris ramsey appears relaxed and untroubled , insisting he had more sleepless nights coaching tottenham last season and joking about the difference between lidl and waitrose . his job is to chase pressure and negativity away at times like this , but beneath the surface fear tightens its grip on those near the drop zone . qpr boss chris ramsey ( centre ) is one of seven managers trying to keep their club in the premier league . ramsey 's side host west ham on saturday as they look to climb out of the relegation zone with four games left . cesc fabregas ' 88th minute strike saw chelsea grab a late 1-0 win at qpr earlier this month . it will be the same at newcastle , aston villa , leicester , sunderland and hull . even at burnley , where sean dyche was keen on thursday to stress his club feel no pressure because their financial commitments are so much less than their rivals . ‘ we are probably half the wage bill of the next team in the division , let alone all the superpowers , and half the spending of the next team in the division , ’ said dyche . the financial implications are bigger for others but there still exists a fear of sporting failure , a fear of letting people down , a fear of losing your job , your status , security , your self-esteem . these everyday , human anxieties trouble premier league footballers , too . when cesc fabregas celebrated chelsea’s winner in the 88th minute at loftus road two weeks ago , ramsey curled into a ball on the touchline and bottled up his fury until he was well clear of the dressing room . ‘ it was old-school , ’ he smiled . ‘ i was a little bit angry . the cat was running . i was so disappointed , probably the most disappointed i’ve been . it was a very soft goal and it would have given us a massive lift to know we could compete with a team of that calibre . ’ four of the bottom seven did not play in the barclays premier league last weekend and watched helplessly as leicester won again , tightening the pack . burnley manager sean dyche says his side have had to compete with the smallest wage budget in the league .  newcastle . swansea ( home ) - april 25 . leicester ( away ) - may 2 . west brom ( home ) - may 9 . qpr ( away ) - may 16 . west ham ( home ) - may 24 . aston villa . man city ( away ) - april 25 . everton ( home ) - may 2 . west ham ( home ) - may 9 . southampton ( away ) - may 16 . burnley ( home ) - may 24 .  sunderland . stoke ( away ) - april 25 . southampton ( home ) - may 2 . everton ( away ) - may 9 . leicester ( home ) - may 16 . arsenal ( away ) - may 20 . chelsea ( away ) - may 24 . hull . crystal palace ( away ) - april 25 . liverpool ( home ) - april 28 . arsenal ( home ) - may 2 . burnley ( home ) - may 9 . tottenham ( away ) - may 16 . man united ( home ) - may 24 .  leicester . burnley ( away ) - april 25 . chelsea ( home ) - april 29 . newcastle ( home ) - may 2 . southampton ( home ) - may 9 . sunderland ( away ) - may 16 . qpr ( home ) - may 24 . qpr . west ham ( home ) - april 25 . liverpool ( away ) - may 2 . man city ( away ) - may 9 . newcastle ( home ) - may 16 . leicester ( away ) - may 24 .  burnley . leicester ( home ) - april 25 . west ham ( away ) - may 2 . hull ( away ) - may 9 . stoke ( home ) - may 16 . aston villa ( away ) - may 24 .    note : fixtures in may subject to change for television schedule . having reached the point where all seemed lost , perhaps the pressure left nigel pearson’s team . they have won three on the bounce . now , off the bottom at last , it will get tense again as they head for turf moor . pearson said : ‘i’m delighted . it’s a very difficult feat to achieve for any side , let alone one on the foot of the table . but we’re not in a position to sit back and enjoy it . ‘ my perspective is that we’re still in the bottom three . the danger is there’s an assumption the hard work is done . far from it . ’ sunderland’s dick advocaat and qpr’s ramsey have fixed their survival targets at 35 points . hull’s steve bruce thinks he might get away with 34 . at newcastle , john carver has 35 and is still uneasy . leonardo ulloa was on the scoresheet as leicester beat swansea 2-0 in the premier league on april 18 . that win elevated nigel pearson 's ( right ) side off the bottom of the table and into 18th in the premier league . newcastle manager john carver believes his team need four points from five games to avoid relegation . how the league form table looks like as of april 23 . ‘ you can never tell , ’ said carver . ‘ for me , we need four points from five games . the unexpected can happen . look at sunderland . ’ sunderland were last year’s houdini : bottom with six to play and doomed according to many by virtue of a daunting fixture list . then they drew at manchester city , won at chelsea and manchester united and then beat relegation rivals cardiff and west brom . they lost the last game and still finished in 14th , five points clear , helped by connor wickham’s burst of five goals in three games . wickham has scored only four since - no-one at sunderland has more in the premier league this season — and these acts of escapology are more difficult without a goal supply . christian benteke with eight in seven has boosted aston villa . ‘ for him to be at a club fighting at the bottom is a mismatch , ’ said tim sherwood , but villa still require points as they head to manchester city . qpr have 17-goal charlie austin . will he be enough ? burnley have danny ings , almost out of contract and without a goal in more than two months . hull’s top scorer nikica jelavic is injured . the cost of relegation is estimated at £60million by football finance expert professor rob wilson of sheffield hallam university . connor wickham scored five goals in three games last season to help sunderland avoid relegation . ‘ we normally say promotion is worth £100-120m , ’ said professor wilson . ‘ relegation is harder to quantify . clubs won’t get the full tv rights payment which is about £80m but they will get parachute payments . sponsors pay a premium for the premier league and those deals will end and salaries can quickly eat up this smaller revenue if there are no clauses to reduce wages or allow a quick sale . ‘ for a club’s first season in the championship it’s in the region of a £60m direct cut in revenue . ’ fates unknown , clubs sketch out alternative recruitment strategies . qpr have a dozen players out of contract and , should they go down , football league penalties are pending for breaking financial fair play rules last season . charlie austin has scored 17 goals in the league for qpr this season - but they still find themselves in 19th . relegated clubs will receive a parachute payment of £25m next season , followed by £20m in 2016-17 and two more of £10m if they do not go back up , as fewer seem to do . no team has bounced straight back with automatic promotion from the championship since newcastle and west bromwich albion in 2010 . west ham and qpr rebounded via the play-offs and norwich are in the race this year . the championship is an unforgiving pit to fall into , with 17 managerial sackings this season and an average tenure of less than a year . ‘ football has its own laws , ’ said ramsey . ‘i’d be shopping in lidl instead of waitrose . i’ll have a different shopping basket if i look at it from a personal point of view . ’ it 's truly squeaky bum time in the premier league relegation battle as just nine points separates the bottom seven teams . sportsmail asks some of the managers in and among the dog fight what they feel is required for them to avoid the drop this season . chris ramsey ( qpr ) . ' if we win three games i think we will stay up . it might take less . i 'm not saying that 's the definitive amount - but we really need to start winning , starting with this weekend . to do that , we need to concentrate right to the end and make sure that our performances stay similar with a bit more defensive resilience . ' qpr manager ramsey ( centre ) feels they will avoid relegation if they win three more league games . tim sherwood ( aston villa ) . ' i do n't know how many points it will take . we 've done alright . nothing 's been achieved yet . i 'm a new voice and given them a lot of belief and confidence that they are better than what they were showing . they have managed to score a few more goals and have real belief they can go to places and win . something was probably a little bit missing previously . i want to make sure that i do n't take my foot off pedal . i 'll make sure the players do n't . ' tim sherwood ( left ) believes his appointment at aston villa has given them a lot of belief and confidence . nigel pearson ( leicester ) . ' we 've put ourselves in a position now where we have a more realistic chance . that 's where we are . if it raises optimism elsewhere , fine . if it applies a bit more pressure on other sides around us , fine also . but as far as i 'm concerned it 's about making sure we 're back to business when we play burnley . because it 's a really big game for both sides . we 've got players in decent form . we want to keep the work ethic that we 've shown all season . ' leicester city manager pearson ( right ) hopes his side can continue their momentum against burnley . sean dyche ( burnley ) . ' the biggest psychological difference is that others are talking about relegation . our fuel is about staying in the premier league . it 's a slightly different twist . ' others are scared of relegation . we 're not scared of relegation because we were told by everyone we were going to get relegated . we are actually looking for the goal of being in the premier league . ' dyche insists his side are n't scared of relegation as a lot of people have written them off in the past .