nigel farage 's controversial claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs was part of what insiders called a ‘ shock and awful’ strategy . a ukip source revealed the party had initially planned for mr farage to mention the number of foreign patients suffering from tuberculosis , in the leaders debates last night . but when it was discovered that the antiretroviral drugs to treat people with hiv were more expensive , a decision was taken to use that example instead . scroll down for video . nigel farage 's controversial claim that foreign nationals with hiv should not be treated on the nhs was part of what insiders called a ‘ shock and awful’ strategy . mr farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the nhs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with hiv , 60 per cent were born abroad . after saying this was something the other leaders would be ‘ mortified that i dare to even talk about it’ , he said : ‘ you can come to britain from anywhere in the world and get diagnosed with hiv and get the retroviral drugs that cost up to £25,000 per year per patient . ‘ i know there are some horrible things happening in many parts of the world , but what we need is to put the national health service there for the british people and families who have paid into this system for decades . ’ despite criticism from other parties and viewers , ukip revealed it had been part of a deliberate strategy to appeal to their ‘ core voter’ – not to try and attract floating voters to the party . a ukip insider said mr farage’s remark was ‘ a bit spicy’ . they added : ‘ we were going to go for tb but we found out that the hiv drugs were more expensive’ . the strategy , it was claimed , was ‘ shock and awe , or as some would call it shock and awful . ’ mr farage was greeted with silence in the hall when he said during the debate about the nhs that of the 7,000 diagnosed with hiv , 60 per cent were born abroad . it comes after ukip’s share of the vote in recent polls has dropped significantly from highs of 19pc late last year , to just 10pc in several polls over the past month , as supporters appear to have returned to the conservatives and labour . mr farage has claimed he would stand down if he does not win the seat he is contesting in thanet south , and last night all of his answers focused on the need to curb immigration . ukip first mp douglas carswell refused to endorse mr farage’s remark . asked several times whether he agreed with it , he said mr farage had given ‘credible’ answers in the debate . douglas carswell has refused to endorse mr farage 's remarks . mr carswell , the mp for clacton in essex , added : ‘ it is sensible and reasonable to say we want a national health service , not an international health service , and that’s all i’m going to say . ’ george osborne , the chancellor , said the remarks were intended to provoke a reaction from ministers and said ‘i’m not going to dignify them with a response’ . a half-time poll from comres/itv news poll showed 24 per cent of voters giving mr farage the lead in the debate , but almost as many thought he was also the worst of the seven leaders . jo swinson , the liberal democrat business minister , said the remarks were ‘ breathtakingly appalling’ . mr carswell’s father , wilson , was a respected physician and fellow of the royal college of surgeons who diagnosed the first confirmed cases of hiv in uganda in the 1970s . he was the inspiration for the character of dr nicholas garrigan in the last king of scotland . mr carswell yesterday insisted the party was not split . he said : ‘ i see what you’re trying to do in asking me this slanted question . i thought nigel was superb in the debates . his answers were credible . ’ mr farage appeared to embarrass mr carswell when he won his seat in a by-election in october by calling for a ban on people with hiv entering the uk . mr carswell said at the time : ‘ i think this row has been slightly confected . noone is seriously suggesting we should screen people for hiv coming in . ’