a celebrity reporter for cbs filed a lawsuit against two of his bosses at the network this week , claiming one drunkenly groped and kissed him at a christmas party and that the other aggressively came onto him during an after-hours meeting . kenneth lombardi , who goes by ken , was a red carpet regular for cbs new york , interviewing stars from oprah to ashton kutcher and arnold schwarzenegger . however lombardi , who is openly bisexual , says he was forced to quit his job in november and relocate to los angeles after two alleged sexual harassment involving two separate male bosses . lawsuit : kenneth lombardi , a former entertainment reporter at cbs , claims he was sexually harassed by two male colleagues and that the network failed to reconcile his complaints . he is seen here reporting at the red carpet premiere of arnold schwarzenegger thriller sabotage . plaintiff : he also claims he was forced to leave his job as a result , and is seeking damages for violation of labor laws , emotional distress and discrimination . furthermore he accuses the hr department at cbs of failing to reconcile either incident . the first alleged encounter occurred at a cbs christmas party in december 2013 . lombardi claims duane tollison , a senior producer , grabbed his crotch and kissed his neck in front of other colleagues , the new york daily news reported . lombardi was upset and left the party . the next day , tollison sent him an email , which has been included in the lawsuit . ' i wanted to apologize if anything i did offended you or crossed a line . i like to get a little crazy . if you were n't offended , then let 's do it again . lol how is your day so far ? : ) ' tollison wrote in the email . defendant : duane tollison , a senior producer at cbs , allegedly kissed his former colleague ken lombardi at a 2013 work christmas party and grabbed his crotch . lombardi is now suing . then , on may 8 , 2014 , lombardi asked for career advice from albert ' chip ' colley , the cbs evening news director . the two went for drinks at manhattan bar hardware , a known gay haunt in hell 's kitchen . the lawsuit says colley got drunk , touched lombardi 's leg and kissed him . it also says colley texted him links to porn sites . the documents further say colley lambasted lombardi for his sexual orientation . defendant : cbs evening news director , albert ' chip ' colley , allegedly came onto lombardi while having drinks at a hells kitchen bar in may 2014 . he also allegedly sent him links to porn sites . ' colley told ( lombardi ) that he did not really believe being ' bisexual ' was real and told plaintiff that he was actually completely gay , ' documents read . lombardi says he reported both incidents ' to hr , but that they went ' nowhere ' . the lawsuit also singles out the manager of lombardi 's department , paula cohen , who he says was aware of the complaints and allegedly tormented him for making them . red carpet reporter : kenneth lombardi , who goes by ken , was a red carpet regular for cbs new york , interviewing stars from oprah to ashton kutcher and arnold schwarzenegger . he claims cohen created a ' girl 's club ' within the entertainment department to disclude him and would yell at him . lombardi says he was forced to quit in november . he now lives in la . lombardi is suing cbs , duane tollison and albert colley for violation of labor laws , infliction of emotional distress and discrimination .