on a fenced-in artificial pitch , on the edge of one of salford 's most notorious estates , a group of men with what you could call lived-in faces are finishing a game of football . some are dressed in jeans and shoes - they have no kit or boots . stories of strife are swapped . ' i 'm only here so i can get a shower , ' says one as he rolls a cigarette . ' the wife booted me out a week ago and i 've been on a settee since . ' jesper blomqvist helped coach youngsters from manchester united foundation 's street red project . another is reflecting on how this kickabout , for those who may have suffered from mental health issues , is the latest tentative step on a long journey back from the brink . ' i was on a bridge over a motorway , ' he says as he looks into the distance . ' they sectioned me for five years . ' into this environment walks a man who knows all about adversity . jesper blomqvist , he of hand in sleeve and knee often in cast , is back in manchester . the swede , now 41 , was a key cog in sir alex ferguson 's treble-winning machine , making 38 appearances in that memorable season following a £4.4m switch from parma . the midfielder ( left ) was a crucial player in manchester united 's treble winning season of 1998-99 . but his 67 minutes in the late , late champions league final win over bayern munich in barcelona would be his last in a red shirt . three operations and two gruelling years of rehab later he was on his way to everton but would continue to be haunted by injury before eventual retirement . he is here on sunday to coach youngsters from the manchester united foundation 's street reds project , but given his background he may also be well suited to having a word with those vacating the pitch . blomqvist now helps his brother lecture people on how to handle setbacks using his previous experiences . the years have been kind . blomqvist 's long hair remains and is now accompanied by a beard which makes him look suited to the role he currently performs . ' i lecture with my brother , ' he explains . ' he 's a psychologist so he talks about how to handle setbacks and how to keep on performing . i can relate to that and give some real life examples from my career both good times and bad times . we speak to people from companies who have team building days . ' blomqvist celebrates their semi-final win over juventus with steve mcclaren ( centre ) and dwight yorke . blomqvist had the world at his tricky feet when he signed for united in 1998 . he was one of few players sir alex ferguson had to try more than once to convince to move to the club , after he spurned the scotsman 's advances to sign for parma and carlo ancelotti after a frustrating year on ac milan 's bench . ' i liked italy , ' he explains , apologetically . ' it was nothing to do with manchester . i had learned the language and i had settled in . i enjoyed the life and i enjoyed parma , but then carlo ancelotti left . ' blomqvist revealed that he rejected sir alex ferguson the first time and signed for parma in 1997 . sir alex ferguson came back again and managed to sign up his man to compete with ryan giggs . back came a determined ferguson and this time he was successful , bringing blomqvist to the club to compete with ryan giggs on the left . it went well . in that treble-winning year blomqvist picked up three medals , although one was almost consigned to catalonian turf in the celebrations that followed united 's belief-defying victory over bayern at the nou camp . ' i do n't remember much about that night , ' he reveals . ' it was high tension . afterwards it was joy . i lost my medal on the pitch jumping around and i had to start looking for it . i was scared but i found it in the end . ' the swede ( bottom left ) started for united in the champions league final victory against bayern munich . the red devils were involved in one of the most exciting comebacks of all time after winning the trophy . united have a quite sensational season , winning the fa cup , premier league and champions league . then came injury . blomqvist went under the knife three times and it was here where he learned the lessons he now passes on . ' you try to get your head down , ' he says . ' small goals . in a few weeks i can go on the bike , then a few more and i can go running . but it 's hours and hours of rehab and you feel like an outcast . you lose the connection with everyone , especially if it goes on for a long time . ' eventually ferguson called him into his office for the inevitable chat . blomqvist in action for united during the 1999 champions league final where they completed the treble . ' i remember that last discussion because i felt quite guilty , ' he says . ' i had been injured for so long and they kept paying the wages . he said ' do n't worry , this is football - you gave me one excellent year and we won everything ' . ' when he said that it was as though a stone fell off my heart . it meant a lot to me that he could feel like that . ' of course he phoned water smith and helped me to get a deal with everton - it spoke volumes of him . ' blomqvist enjoyed his time at goodison park where he was restricted to 17 appearances . the 41-year-old had an injury hit time at everton and only managed 17 appearances for the club . ' without wanting to be disrespectful it was a smaller club , ' he says . ' there were fewer people working there which made it feel more like a family and i enjoyed that . ' during blomqvist 's nine months on merseyside , smith was replaced by david moyes . ' i enjoyed playing for him , ' he says . ' he was , is , a good coach . that 's why i was surprised it did n't work ( at united ) . it was always going to be really hard to take over from sir alex . sometimes it 's about getting the right job at the right moment . ' maybe it was bad timing . the only thing i think he may have done wrong was to change too many of the staff . when you have such a winning concept its very dangerous to change too much . of course he wanted to put his mark on the club so you can understand it but i think it backfired . ' blomqvist worked under ferguson and david moyes ( right ) and spoke highly of them both . after everton , blomqvist endured a short stint with charlton athletic ( ' i enjoyed london but i was injured all the time ' ) before heading back to his homeland . he will , however , be back in the red shirt of manchester united in when the club 's legends team recreate that 1999 final against bayern 's veterans at old trafford on june 14 . ' it 's always competitive with manchester united , ' he says ( blomqvist set up andy cole for the equaliser in the 3-3 first leg at a packed allianz arena ) . ' i play with lots of the old teams i have been involved with but there 's a difference with united . ' nobody wants to lose . they are fit and ready . ' now , at last , so is he . all money raised from the legends match will go towards manchester united foundation’s work in the local community . tickets are on sale now from www.manutd.com/legendsareback or by calling 0161 868 8000 .