rip up a piece of paper , and you can piece it back together . burn a book , and you could theoretically do the same . but send information into a black hole , and it 's lost forever – or at least that 's what many physicists have been arguing for nearly half a decade . now , one scientist says this may not be true , and that interactions between particles emitted by a black hole can reveal information about what lies within . for nearly 40 years , physicists have argued that black holes suck in information and then evaporate without leaving behind any clues as to what they once contained . now , one scientist says this may not be true . ' according to our work , information is n't lost once it enters a black hole , ' says dejan stojkovic , an associate professor of physics at the university at buffalo . ' it does n't just disappear . ' his new paper presents explicit calculations demonstrating how information is preserved , he says . this is an important discovery because even physicists who believed information remains in black holes have struggled to show , mathematically , how this happens . the research marks a significant step toward solving the ' information loss paradox , ' a problem that has plagued physics for almost 40 years , says dr stojkovic . the paradox posed a huge challenge for the field of physics because it meant that information inside a black hole could be permanently lost when the black hole disappeared . last year , hawking revised his theory by declaring that black holes were in fact ' grey ' . the grey hole theory would allow matter and energy to be held for a period of time before being released back into space . in the 1970s , stephen hawking proposed that black holes were capable of radiating particles , and that the energy lost through this process would cause the black holes to shrink and eventually disappear . but last year , hawking revised his theory by declaring that black holes were in fact ' grey ' . the grey hole theory would allow matter and energy to be held for a period of time before being released back into space . he says that the idea of an event horizon , from which light can not escape , is flawed . he suggests that instead light rays attempting to rush away from the black hole’s core will be held as though stuck on a treadmill and that they can slowly shrink by spewing out radiation . hawking told the journal nature : ' there is no escape from a black hole in classical theory . [ but quantum theory ] enables energy and information to escape from a black hole ' . a full explanation of the process , hawking admits , would require a theory that successfully merges gravity with the other fundamental forces of nature . this is a violation of quantum mechanics , which states that information must be conserved . in the 1970s , stephen hawking proposed that black holes were capable of radiating particles , and that the energy lost through this process would cause the black holes to shrink and eventually disappear . but last year , hawking revised his theory by declaring that black holes were in fact ' grey ' . the grey hole theory would allow matter and energy to be held for a period of time before being released back into space . how exactly it 's possible to recover information from a black hole has remained a topic of debate . instead of looking only at the particles a black hole emits , the latest study also takes into account the subtle interactions between the particles . interactions between particles can range from gravitational attraction to the exchange of mediators like photons between particles . such ' correlations ' have long been known to exist , but many scientists discounted them as unimportant in the past . ' these correlations were often ignored in related calculations since they were thought to be small and not capable of making a significant difference , ' stojkovic says . ' our explicit calculations show that though the correlations start off very small , they grow in time and become large enough to change the outcome . '