a new restaurant is offering a five-course drink-paired menu stuffed with all the fashionable , nutritional foods you can think of . there 's seaweed and kale puree to start , followed by a reishi mushroom flaxseed cream main course , with a dessert of coconut and blueberry chia pudding - with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa . but this bang on-trend meal is n't fit for human consumption - it 's just for dogs . scroll down for video . foodie fidos will be treated to a five-course drinks-paired set menu at the curious canine kitchen which opens for one weekend only ( 11 to 12 april ) in shoreditch , london . menu was devised by event organiser natty mason who worked with whole foods chef emily stevenson . these meals will be served for one weekend only at london 's latest eatery , the curious canine kitchen , a ' holistic restaurant for four-legged friends ' . the doggie fine diner is the first of its kind in britain to serve high-end , freshly prepared , organic canine cuisine and will pop up in shoreditch , london , on saturday 11 and sunday 12 april . this ticketed charity event is the brainchild of event organiser and spiritual dog trainer natty mason who has worked with whole foods , and gluten-free trained chef emily stevenson to devise the menus . ms mason said : ' i am impassioned to provoke a rethink in healthy canine dining and hope that this event , the first of its kind here , inspires better doggie dinners across the uk ' . for £20 a dog , foodie fidos will be treated to the five-course the nature way tasting menu for dogs which includes dishes such as textures of tripe with seaweed and kale puree , crispy paddywack ( the chewy dog treat ) with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream , and coconut , and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa dog biscuits . each dish will be served alongside refreshments such as alkaline water , beef consomme and coconut water . service with a woof ! your pets will be served by waiters at one of the restaurants four bespoke doggy tables . the meal will be polished off with a marrow bone from hill & szrok , known for its teeth cleaning properties and a ' fresh breath ' herbal tea tonic to aid digestion . human companions will be served an assortment of seven , raw whole food amuses-bouche and a variety of drinks as part of a set rawsome tasting menu which features gazpacho raw soup , golden quinoa , coconut and mango salad as well as avocado , blueberry and chia cheesecake . served by waiters at one of the restaurants four bespoke doggy tables , any leftovers will be available to take home in a doggy bag . all proceeds from event will be donated to amazon cares , a street dogs and cats charity in iquitos , peru where ms mason regularly volunteers . there will be two seatings each day ( 1 to 3pm and 3 to 5pm ) . doggy foods : textures of tripe with seaweed and kale puree , crispy paddywack with reishi mushroom flaxseed cream , and coconut , and blueberry chia pudding with gluten-free cinnamon quinoa dog biscuits , marrowbone from hill & szrok . doggy drinks : alkaline water , beef consomme and coconut water and fresh breath herbal tea tonic to aid digestion . human food : gazpacho raw soup , golden quinoa , coconut and mango salad as well as avocado , blueberry and chia cheesecake . the event takes place at one , unit 1 , 1 teesdale street , london , e2 6gf . tickets cost £20 per dog and owner and can be purchased at curiouscaninekitchen.com . 100 per cent of the proceeds will be donated to charity .