a labour candidate has denied launching a foul-mouthed attack on a political rival for pointing out he lives in a £1.5 million home . michael foster was appearing at a public ‘hustings’ in the camborne and redruth constituency when he objected to mention of his luxurious four-bedroom home by loveday jenkin who is standing for the cornish party mebyon kernow . ms jenkin claims mr foster turned to her and said : ‘ you c*** . if you pick on me again i will destroy you . ’ labour candidate michael foster , pictured , said not many people in cornwall would be hit by the mansion tax . however , a rival candidate pointed out that mr foster lived in a £1.5 million house , pictured , near falmouth . loveday jenkin , pictured , is running in the same constituency for mebyon kernow - the party for cornwall . she said the alleged outburst came after he was questioned about ed miliband’s plan to impose a mansion tax on all homes worth more than £2 million . mr foster , a former media agent who has represented celebrities including sacha baron cohen and anne robinson , said it was a marginal issue in the cornish constituency , adding : ‘ how many people do you know who live in £1 million houses ? ’ ms jenkin then turned to him and said , to laughter and mocking jeers : ‘ you do michael ! ’ labour was last night at the centre of a race row after text messages were sent to asian voters in a key marginal constituency urging them to cast their postal ballots for ‘ all asian candidates’ . one of the messages was apparently sent by mohammed hanif , a labour councillor in tory-controlled pendle , previously identified as being at high risk of election fraud . tory mep sajjad karim said the ‘intimidating’ texts ‘ were a flagrant abuse of election laws’ . mr hanif refused to comment . councillor mohammed iqbal , local labour party agent for the council elections , said : ‘ there is nothing illegal in this . any individual is free to send a text message asking a friend or family member to consider voting for a certain candidate . ’ according to estate agents , mr foster’s £1.5 million home , which overlooks port navas creek , ‘ makes the most of its splendid position , with timber decks , balconies and an open sitting room seemingly hanging over the water’ . ms jenkin also claims that when the event concluded , mr foster tried to ‘ square up’ to her , but she avoided the confrontation . she said : ‘ he clearly has an anger management problem , and no understanding of the problems affecting cornish people . ’ she added that at a previous hustings he was asked – after miliband mentioned his two kitchens – how many he had and replied “ three , but only one of them is in cornwall” . ’ mr foster , who sold his stake in literary agency pfd in 2013 , also owns a property worth more than £1 million in london’s fashionable primrose hill . mr foster said : ‘ this is totally false . we have had six hustings in camborne and redruth and there are two more . all have been conducted politely , in a friendly manner . ’ 