ap mccoy has urged the nation to follow his aintree dream as he chases the fairytale end to his extraordinary career . retirement beckons for mccoy , champion jockey every year since he first won the title in 1997 , and he will stop riding immediately if his mount shutthefrontdoor wins the £1million crabbie’s grand national on saturday . ap mccoy celebrates grand national victory on don’t push it in 2010 . shutthefrontdoor , trained by jonjo o’neill , will be the subject of an avalanche of emotional support and many once-a-year punters will pin their hopes on mccoy delivering a result like he did in 2010 when he won this famous race on don’t push it . in a perfect world , the national will finish with mccoy standing high in his irons celebrating but he , more than anyone , knows nothing is guaranteed in a sport as unpredictable as jump racing . it won’t , however , stop the 40-year-old hoping his script has a glorious finale . ‘i’m a dreamer , ’ said mccoy , who announced his plans to retire in february . ‘i’m a believer – i always have been . mccoy seeks to end record-breaking career with victory on shutthefrontdoor in the grand national . ' if everyone has gone to bed thinking the dream will happen , i can promise you nobody has been dreaming more than me . in some ways , i regret making the announcement to retire when i did . i’ve thought to myself i should have just kept quiet . but in other ways i think it has been good . ‘ if it’s created publicity for racing and helped get interest in the sport , so much the better . ‘ racing has been good to me and if this has been me giving something back , great . if people are putting money on shutthefrontdoor in the hope i win for the fairytale , let me assure them nobody will be wanting me to win more than i do . people talk about me having ridden more winners than anyone else but i’ve also ridden more losers than anyone else . a thank you message board to retiring jockey mccoy on display at aintree . ‘i’ve had 19 goes at this race and won once , so that gives you an idea of what it is going to be like . ’ the last time a horse carried such goodwill was when frankel , trained by the late sir henry cecil , won the champions stakes at ascot in october 2012 . mention of that brought a wry smile from mccoy . ‘ i wish it was as straightforward as running around a couple of bends at ascot ! ’ he said . ‘i’ve got 30 fences and 38 other horses in my way ! but , listen , i’m a positive person and that is never going to change . let’s hope the dream can happen . ’ mccoy has vowed to end his career immediately should he land the £1million race for a second time .  