south yorkshire police missed ' intelligence and investigative opportunities ' to tackle child sex exploitation in rotherham , a report has found . a host of failings left gangs free to rape , traffic and sexually abuse at least 1,400 children in the town between 1997 and 2013 , an inquiry by the national crime agency ( nca ) concluded . the nca said the police force did not use ' alternative strategies ' to protect victims or gather evidence , and failed to work effectively with local licencing and community safety officers . south yorkshire police missed ' intelligence and investigative opportunities ' to tackle child sex exploitation in rotherham , pictured , a report has found . at least 1,400 children were abused in the town over 16 years . the review was launched last december in the wake of the damning jay report , which exposed widespread failures of the council , police and social services in tackling child sex exploitation . the controversy that followed the publication of the report led to rotherham council leader roger stone leaving his post . the most high profile resignation was that of south yorkshire 's police and crime commissioner shaun wright , who was the rotherham councillor overseeing children 's services between 2005 and 2010 . the nca review examined three current south yorkshire police investigations into child sex exploitation . ' over the years , intelligence and investigative opportunities in relation to child sexual exploitation have been overlooked by south yorkshire police , ' it stated . it added that the officers working on operations clover , monroe and mark are ' conscientious , enthusiastic and focused upon providing good outcomes ' . the report acknowledged that the force had begun to make progress in protecting vulnerable children , but set out 48 recommendations of areas that need further improvement . among them were record keeping , additional investigative opportunities , and engagement with victims . nca director trevor pearce said : ' a review of these three investigations has identified improvements that need to be made at both strategic and operational level . ' many of the issues identified by the review team have already been addressed by the force or work is in hand to do so . ' south yorkshire police has already made a number of arrests in relation to these matters and other offenders who believe that their past actions will never catch up with them should think again . ' the nca will now take over operation mark , deeming it to be ' not as developed ' as the other two . operations monroe and clover which will remain under police command on a day-to-day basis . operation mark will be integrated into the agency 's operation stovewood , which will look at historic sex abuse cases in the south yorkshire town . in light of its findings , the nca will now also expand their investigation to include three further police operations , with the aim of bringing more offenders to justice . file image . in light of its findings , the nca will now also expand their investigation to include three further police operations , with the aim of bringing more offenders to justice . two of the investigations into child sex exploitation did not result in any cases being brought to court . south yorkshire police chief constable david crompton has accepted the findings of the review . he said : ' the independent review of three south yorkshire police investigations into non-recent allegations of child sexual exploitation was something i requested as part of the nca 's investigation to ensure transparency and openness . ' the review found that the force had made a number of improvements and that staff working on the investigations were conscientious and focused and that strategic leadership was professional and appropriate . ' this highlights the significant progress the force has made in protecting vulnerable people and tackling child sexual exploitation . ' we have dedicated officers working tirelessly to support the victims and bring the offenders to justice and have made a number of arrests as part of these investigations . ' however , the nca has made a number of recommendations for further improvements . ' we accept these recommendations and , as the nca have recognised , the force has already addressed many of these and put steps in place to ensure other issues are dealt with in a timely manner . ' early to mid 1990s . according to the jay report , community workers come across examples of child sexual exploitation and find children under the care of the local authority are at risk of being targeted . 1997 . the ' risky business ' youth project is set up to work with people between the ages of 11 and 25 in rotherham , amid concerns young people are being abused through prostitution . late 1990s . youth workers start to identify vulnerable girls and young women on rotherham 's streets and refer them to children 's social care . community workers first came across examples of child sexual exploitation regarding children under the care of the local authority in rotherham ( pictured ) in the mid-1990s . early 2000s . shaun wright is elected as a labour councillor on rotherham council . a small group of professionals from key agencies meet children at risk of , or involved in , child sexual exploitation but their work is not properly supported , according to the jay report . senior police and social workers think the extent of the issue is being exaggerated . 2002 . a home office draft report into child sexual exploitation in rotherham criticises agencies and says there is a ' high prevalence of young women being coerced and abused through prostitution ' . police and senior officers at the council are unhappy with the report , claiming some facts are either exaggerated or made up . the report 's author does not complete her work . august 2003 . a report by strategic drugs analyst dr angie heal , commissioned by south yorkshire police , finds there are a ' significant number of girls and some boys who are being sexually exploited ' in rotherham . in 2003 , a report commissioned by south yorkshire police found there were a ' significant number of girls and some boys who were being sexually exploited ' in rotherham ( file picture ) . september 2003 . the sexual exploitation forum is set up , holding monthly meetings to discuss cases of children who are being sexually exploited or are at risk . april 2005 . rotherham council sets up a new department of children and young people’s services , with councillor shaun wright appointed cabinet member for the department . april 2007 . an investigation into the grooming and sexual abuse of young boys identifies more than 70 alleged victims . a man is convicted of offences against 10 children . 2008 . operation central is set up to investigate men believed to be involved in child sexual exploitation . autumn 2009 . ofsted rates rotherham 's children 's services as ' inadequate ' . councillor wright resigns from his council cabinet post in the wake of the report . december 2009 . shaun wright was elected onto rotherham council in the early 2000s and was later elected as police and crime commissioner for south yorkshire . the minister of state for young people and families serves the council with an improvement notice for its children 's safeguarding services . 2010 . five men given lengthy jail terms after they are found guilty of grooming teenage girls for sex . april 2010 . the local safeguarding children board sets up a child sexual exploitation sub group . september 2012 . the times publishes an investigation revealing that a confidential police report had warned thousands of child sexual exploitation crimes were being committed in south yorkshire by networks of asian men . the newspaper also reports that agencies in the town had extensive knowledge of such crimes for decades . south yorkshire police refutes claims in article . october 2012 . rotherham borough council , south yorkshire police and other agencies set up a child sexual exploitation team . home affairs select committee tells force 's chief constable to ' get a grip ' on the issue . november 2012 . shaun wright wins election to become south yorkshire police and crime commissioner . he states that tackling child sexual exploitation is one of his priorities . january 2013 . the chief executive of the council , martin kimber , appears before the home affairs select committee to answer questions about the lack of prosecutions . august 2013 . four women sue the council for failing to protect them when they were children . september 2013 . the council announces it is commissioning an independent inquiry . august 2014 . professor alexis jay publishes commissioned report into child abuse in rotherham , revealing more than 1,400 children had been subjected to rape , violence and trafficking between 1997 and 2013 . rotherham borough council leader roger stone steps down with immediate effect . mr wright issues a statement saying he will stay in his job as pcc , despite calls for him to stand down . home secretary theresa may backs calls for mr wright to step down and his deputy pcc tracey cheetham announces she is resigning because she is ' unable to continue ' in her role . in august last year , professor alexis jay ( pictured ) published report into child abuse in rotherham , revealing more than 1,400 children had been subjected to rape , violence and trafficking . september 2014 . mr wright resigns . the labour party suspends four of its members pending an investigation : former leader of the council roger stone , ex-deputy council leader , jahangir akhtar , gwendoline russell , and shaukat ali . november 2014 . the independent police complaints commission announces ten police officers mentioned in the jay report are under investigation . december 2014 . national crime agency ( nca ) begins investigation into child sexual exploitation in rotherham . february 2015 . devastating report is published by louise casey . communities secretary eric pickles announces new elections in 2016 to replace rotherham council 's ' wholly dysfunctional ' political leadership .