the remaining family members allegedly caught trying to sneak into syria with the son of a labour councillor have been arrested after being brought back to the uk from turkey . two women aged 47 and 22 , and two men aged 24 and 22 , were held at manchester airport in the early hours of this morning . they were among eight relatives stopped at the turkish border with syria on april 1 with university student waheed ahmed , the 21-year-old son of labour councillor shakil ahmed . arrested : waheed ahmed , the 21-year-old son of a labour councillor , has been held at birmingham airport after returning for allegedly trying to sneak into syria with eight members of his family ( pictured in turkey ) . held : the group arrested is understood to include waheed 's aunt , two of his male cousins , his cousin 's wife and their children . legal action : the four children on the trip aged one , three , eight and 11 , have also been flown back to the uk . the group is understood to include waheed 's aunt , two of his male cousins , his cousin 's wife and two of their children . the four children on the trip aged one , three , eight and 11 , have also been flown back to the uk . pictures emerged yesterday of waheed ahmed smirking on his way to the airport just hours before he was arrested by anti-terrorism police upon landing back in britain . after being escorted off a monarch airlines flight which landed at 12.14am yesterday , ahmed was held on suspicion of the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism . labour councillor shakil ahmed arriving back at his home yesterday but he refused to comment on his son 's arrest . late on monday , a 30-year-old man from rochdale – where ahmed and the other eight detatined in turkey all live – was arrested on suspicion of the same offence . one man who was on ahmed’s flight said : ‘ we landed and taxied to the terminal and then there was an announcement . ‘ it said someone needed special assistance and we had to remain in our seats . ‘ then a plain-clothed policeman got on the plane and escorted someone off . ‘ there were other police officers on the tarmac and they got into a car and drove off . it all happened very quickly . other travellers said they saw a police van and car leaving the airport by a side exit shortly after the plane landed . ahmed was filmed smiling through the window of a coach a fortnight ago after being detained by turkish security forces near the syrian border . yesterday he again appeared relaxed as he was transported to dalaman airport . his father shakil ahmed , a bakery delivery driver , is a councillor in rochdale . karen danczuk , wife of rochdale mp simon danczuk , also represented the ward until her resignation in january . earlier this month , mr ahmed told the daily mail he believed his son had been on holiday with other relatives when they were stopped . the territory on the syrian side of the stretch of border that they were attempting to cross is controlled by the nusra front , the syrian branch of al qaeda . greater manchester police and the north west counter terrorism unit began an investigation after news of the arrests emerged . five houses , including that of ahmed’s father , have been searched as part of attempts to establish why the group apparently tried to enter syria . greater manchester police confirmed a 21-year-old man was arrested at birmingham airport early yesterday under the terrorism act . ‘ a few hours earlier on monday april 13 , a 30-year-old man was arrested for the same offence in the rochdale area . ‘ officers are working to ensure the safe return of eight other people to the uk . ’ on the way home : the 21-year-old , sporting a shaved head , was filmed being escorted from a vehicle . convoy : ahmed was seen being moved by turkish police on sunday and then put on a monarch-operated flight from dalaman which landed at birmingham airport at 12.14am today . the force has previously stated that all nine of those held in turkey would be sent back to the uk ‘ in due course’ . assistant chief constable ian wiggett has said that the primary concern was the ‘ safety and welfare’ of the children , and efforts were being made to ensure a ‘ full safeguarding strategy’ was in place upon their return . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .