a farmer who has constructed a rather suggestive hay bale structure , which is fully exposed out the front of his property , could face pornographic charges . the sculpture , made out of bales of compressed grass , depicts the obscene intimacy between a cow and a bull . bruce cook , who owns kaktus point charolais stud at lake charm in northwest victoria , told daily mail australia that police told him to pull down the model after they received a complaint about the offensive nature of the statue . bruce cook has been warned by police that he may face serious charges if he does n't take down his ' offensive ' hay bale structure out in front of his property at lake charm , northwest of victoria . mr cook put up his ' realistic ' artwork on good friday just for ' a bit of fun ' . he says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos . but he has refused to do so and further ' told the copper to p*ss off' despite police warning that mr cook could be charged with ' publishing pornographic images ' , the nt news reports . mr cook , also known as ' cooky ' , described his artwork as ' a bit of fun ' which he put up on good friday . he says many passersby have enjoyed his sculpture and even stopped to take photos . the 59-year-old owns the property out at lake charm and is n't too fazed by the complaints about his sculpture . ' it 's just a realistic piece of artwork so i really do n't know what the fuss is about , ' the farmer said . ' on saturday morning , i saw about 10 cars parked out the front because they stopped to take photos of the art , ' he told daily mail australia . ' the cop called me and told me they received a complaint about the sculpture because it was indecent . he told me that i could face serious charges if i do n't take it down . ' but i told the copper to p*ss off . i 'm not going to take it down unless i receive a court order . ' mr cook says he will be adding fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture . acting sergeant chris o'flaherty , duty officer of the local kerang police station , was unable to provide details of the matter but did confirm that police spoke with mr cook on wednesday . although the 59-year-old is n't fazed by the complaints about his structure , he does n't quite understand why anyone would find it insulting . ' it 's just a realistic piece of artwork so i really do n't know what the fuss is about , ' he said . ' people offended by it must have a dirty mind or are just prudish . ' the 59-year-old farmer said ' people offended by it must have a dirty mind or are just prudish ' . and just to add a bit of cheek , mr cook says he will be adding fairy lights to the structure tonight and plans to add an extra two calves to complete the sculpture . acting sergeant chris o'flaherty , duty officer of the local kerang police station , was unable to provide details of the matter but did confirm that police spoke with mr cook on wednesday . he told daily mail australia no charges have been made and the matter is still under investigation .