cancer survivor jonas gutierrez will trigger a contract extension at newcastle should he start the remaining seven matches of the campaign . the 31-year-old was the only united player to emerge with any credit in the wake of last weekend’s 1-0 defeat at sunderland . it was gutierrez’s first start for the magpies in 20 months having twice beaten testicular cancer . the argentine has said he will never forgive newcastle for their handling of his illness after he was told to find a new club when he first returned from treatment in december , 2013 . jonas gutierrez ( left ) will trigger contract extension should he start the remaining seven matches . gutierrez and sebastian larsson compete for the ball during the wear-tyne derby . but the midfielder is one of the very few players currently respected by a disgruntled fanbase who are threatening to boycott the next home match against spurs . before then gutierrez is in line to start at liverpool on monday night , meaning he will be one game closer to winning a new contract at st james’ park . the club’s hierarchy are unlikely to want to keep gutierrez on their books next season , although head coach john carver insists he will not be swayed by contract clauses when it comes to picking his strongest team . adam johnson shakes hands with gutierrez after the match between sunderland and newcastle . ‘ i 'm unaware of it ( the clause ) , ’ he said . ‘ i like it that way as i make my judgement during the week on the training ground . ‘ i pick a team on what i think will be the best team on the pitch . sometimes you can get distracted . that ( the clause ) will not be in my mind . ’ gutierrez was the only newcastle player to win applause from the club’s fans following the fifth straight tyne-wear derby defeat . carver made a point of praising him afterwards and admits his recovery and return to top-flight action has come as a welcome surprise . gutierrez shakes hands with current newcastle united boss john carver ahead of the manchester united tie . ‘ everybody is delighted with how he has come back in and how he has progressed , ’ said carver . ‘ he 's fought and worked hard and done all the right things . ‘ i do n't think he ever thought he 'd be playing as soon as he has done . i do n't even think he thought he 'd play again when you have an illness like jonas had . ‘ it must have been a proud moment for him , and for us as well , it was great to see him back out there . ’ ryan giggs competes with gutierrez during the match between manchester united and newcastle in 2011 . manchester city player carlos tevez attempts an overhead kick against gutierrez in 2012 .