sporty pippa middleton was spotted out jogging today for the second time this week . despite temperatures in london reaching a toasty 23 degrees , the 31-year-old was seen pounding the pavement on a long run around the city . a fitness fanatic , the younger sister of the duchess of cambridge is currently preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride from london to brighton in june , to raise money for the british heart foundation . scroll down for video . sporty pippa middleton was spotted out jogging in london today , for the second time this week . the 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from london to brighton to raise money for charity . adidas climachill shorts . invest in pippa 's style here . visit site . she looks good on the red carpet , at wimbledon and out shopping and it seems pippa middleton looks great even when she 's out running ! she clearly wanted to make the most of the sunshine out in london today whilst tying in keeping fit , no doubt in a bid to help her charity bike ride she 's taking on this summer . pippa showed off her toned legs in her tiny shorties by adidas which are up for grabs to buy ( right ) - the perfect running accomplice . complete the look with her coral vest by sweaty betty ( below ) if you really want to give yourself the royal treatment . we 've highlighted a whole host of other pairs of blue shorts below to help you nail pippa 's sporting style . wearing shorts on your next run is a sure-fire way to get those pins bronzed , so why not take the plunge with one of our bargain picks now ? all that running in your new shorties might give you a pippa style derrière too - what 's not to love ! ? sweaty betty anusara yoga vest . visit site . adidas 2in1 shorts at sports direct ( now £17.99 ) visit site . forever21 colorblock woven running shorts . visit site . adidas linear short at sports direct ( now £17.99 ) visit site . new balance 5 inch shorts at sports direct ( now £9 ) . visit site . keeping cool in the sunshine , pippa teamed her bright coral vest with coordinating adidas shorts . ever the style maven , even the pink laces in her running shoes matched the nike tick on her sports cap , while the lead on her earphones appeared to be a part of the colour coordinated ensemble too . an ambassador for the british heart foundation , pippa appears to be training hard to maintain her fitness levels for the london to brighton cycle . though having completed a 3,000-mile bicycle ride across the usa last year , not to mention a cross-country ski marathon and a four-mile swimming race in a turkish tidal shipping strait , it 's likely she 's already much fitter than most . ever the style maven , even the pink laces in her running shoes matched the nike tick on her sports cap , while the lead on her earphones appeared to be a part of the colour coordinated ensemble too . a keen athlete , pippa , who won a sports scholarship to marlborough college , has previously spoken about how she likes to stay strong and healthy with plenty of exercise and protein-rich diet . ahead of her swim in istanbul last summer , the columnist said , ' to maintain energy i try to eat more protein , particularly fish or chicken . ' a lot of people swear by carb-loading in the run-up to an event but it does n't really work for me , so i just up my protein intake . ' pippa middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a london park earlier this week , stopping along her route to chat to a friendly fellow jogger . pippa has also revealed that she prefers to stick to ‘ wholesome carbs’ such as brown rice , lentils and quinoa , to balance her increased protein intake . on the morning of big events , she tucks into a bowl of porridge with honey , banana and nuts to provide her body with plenty of fuel . a big fan of the healthy lifestyle , pippa has also revealed that playing tennis and taking pilates classes helps her to keep in shape . miss middleton has previously revealed how she sticks to ' wholesome carbs ' and protein such as chicken and fish when preparing for sporting events . a columnist for waitrose magazine and contributing editor to vanity fair , pippa is currently bouncing back after it emerged last month that a planned deal for her to join us television channel nbc as a special correspondent had gone sour . not appearing to be short of projects however , she 's reportedly now teaming up with an old pal , designer tabitha webb , to bring out a ‘ pippa dress’ in time for a charity ball she will host in november . her limited company , pxm enterprises , made a profit of more than £200,000 in 2014 . pippa has previously completed a 3,000-mile race across the usa to raise money for charity ( pictured ) , plus a cross-country ski marathon and a four-mile swimming race in a turkish tidal shipping strait .