jose mourinho has launched a fresh verbal attack on arsenal , branding their 11 year wait for the premier league title as ' boring ' . led by skipper john terry - whose performance was described as his best ever by mourinho - the blues produced a defensive master class in a goalless draw at the emirates stadium to take a step closer to the championship . frustrated at what they perceived as the visitors ' lack of attacking intent , home supporters chanted : ' boring , boring chelsea ' throughout sunday 's clash . chelsea manager jose mourinho has hit out at arsenal and branded their 11-year wait for the title ' boring ' . didier drogba posted this picture on instagram of branislav ivanovic , nemanja matic , cesar azpilicueta , eden hazard , john terry and cesc fabregas after the pfa awards . chelsea players prepare to attend the pfa awards ceremony after their goalless draw with arsenal . mourinho heaped special praise on to his captain john terry ( left ) for his ' fantastic ' performance on sunday . chelsea forward eden hazard ( right ) prepares to take on arsenal midfielder aaron ramsey ( left ) on sunday . arsenal boss arsene wenger accused chelsea of being purposefully defensive during the goalless draw . leicester ( away ) - april 29 . crystal palace ( home ) - may 3 . liverpool ( home ) - may 10 . west brom ( away ) - may 18 . sunderland ( home ) - may 24 . their views were shared by arsene wenger , who said chelsea ' came to defend ' after the final whistle . but mourinho , who started the game without a recognised centre-forward , hit back , insisting arsenal 's 11 years without winning the league is truly mundane . ' boring , i think , is 10 years without a title . that 's very boring , ' said the portuguese . ' you support the club and you 're waiting , waiting , waiting for so many years without a premier league title , so that 's very boring . ' but maybe they were n't singing to us . maybe , when you want to win a game and you 're at home and you take your no 9 [ olivier giroud ] off , maybe the home fans want to see danny welbeck and giroud up front . chelsea are 10 points clear of second placed manchester city at the top of the table with five games to play . ' the boring team is the second team with most goals in the premier league , the best goal difference . only manchester city have scored more goals than us . ' if you tell the truth , people will fall in love with it . but you have to tell the truth . if you say the truth , you will walk in the truth and people will blow kisses at you . ' ' so i think we scored a lot of goals and , in a period where we do n't have diego costa or loic remy and have only one striker , we need to work in a way where he can help ourselves with all the matches we are having . ' we changed a bit our dynamic and we are not scoring so many goals as before . mourinho , whose side need five points to secure the title , has n't needed much encouragement in criticising the gunners since arriving in england in 2004 . he labelled arsene wenger a ' voyeur ' in 2005 , before branding the frenchman a ' specialist in failure ' last season . the special one was much more positive on the performance of his captain at the emirates stadium . ' i told john terry in the dressing room that he made some fantastic performances with me but this was his best , ' said mourinho . arsenal forward alexis sanchez ( right ) shields the ball from chelsea midfielder cesc fabregas ( left ) . fabregas ( centre ) appeals to the referee michael oliver ( right ) after being shown a yellow card on sunday . hazard ( left ) tussles for possession with arsenal midfielder francis coquelin ( right ) at the emirates stadium . mourinho believes that terry 's performance against arsenal was the best of the defender 's career . ' it was the best jt has ever played . it was absolutely amazing . one performance at highbury , i think in my first season , that was a fantastic performance , too . ' but i think today everything was clean : reading the game , giving cover , the defensive line , interceptions , reading the game so well , interceptions with a pass . ' the team was phenomenal , but john was one step ahead of every other player . ' midfielder oscar , who was taken to hospital with suspected concussion after a heavy collision with david ospina , started the game at centre-forward . in explaining his decision not to start with a recognised striker , mourinho , who confirmed costa and remy are likely to miss the clash at leicester , added : ' first of all , drogba did n't work with us until saturday so we 'd developed the game-plan tactically , on the pitch , for the whole week without [ didier ] drogba . ' we knew that with oscar we would get behind them like we did so many times in the first half . ' in the second half we played with a target man [ drogba ] , more on the counter-attack , but every time we recovered the ball on the counter , they made a tactical foul . ' arsenal defender per mertersacker ( left ) challenges chelsea striker didier drogba ( right ) . 