loneliness is often associated with elderly people who may have lost their partner or feel isolated because they 're less mobile . but a new report released today reveals that it is in fact younger people who feel more lonely than older generations - despite being more connected to their friends online . the survey , funded by the big lottery , found that more than 80 per cent of young people feel lonely at some point . scroll down for video . chloe jackson , 19 , appeared on today 's this morning to talk about how facebook makes her feel lonely . the research revealed that half of those aged 55 and over said they never felt lonely . in comparison , 43 per cent of 18 to 34-year-olds admitted they wished they had more friends . a third of the under 34-year-olds said they found it hard to make new friends and they did n't know how to form new friendships . many admitted they were more likely to interact with friends online than face-to-face and that seeing what their friends were up to via social media sites like facebook increased their feelings of isolation . one young person who feels this way is chloe jackson , 19 , from norfolk , who appeared on today 's this morning to discuss the issue . she told presenters eamonn holmes and ruth langsford that she often feels lonely thanks to websites like facebook . she said : ' you look at all the things your friends are doing on social media where they have checked into a pub and tagged their friends or shared pictures of themselves out having fun and you 're sat at home not there . ' during my a levels i spent lot time inside revising but you still see all these people having fun without you and it 's hard not to take that personally . ' ruth , 54 , agreed that this contrasted with her experience growing up as ' when we were young , if you were n't invited to a party you did n't know about it . ' chloe added that people often create an online persona that does n't reflect how they are really feeling and as a result , she often feels under pressure to do the same . she said : ' it makes you feel down all the time you are expected to be massive happy person like you are on social media , you start doubting the friends you have got . i have 1000 friends on facebook but i do n't have 1,000 friends in real life . ' chloe said facebook often made her feel like she was left out of the fun her friends were having . this morning 's agony aunt denise robertson advised people to be proactive if they are feeling lonely . she suggested they join more groups , take up a new hobby or organise an event like a coffee morning in order to meet more friends . she said : ' friendship like love does not climb in your window , if you do n't go out , you wo n't find it . ' the big lottery funded survey was carried out to promote ' the big lunch ' , an idea from the eden project encouraging people across the uk to have lunch with their neighbours on the first sunday in june in an act of community , friendship and fun . in 2014 , 4.83 million people took to their streets , gardens and community spaces for the sixth annual big lunch .  