a hilarious new video has mocked teenagers taking part in the # kyliejennerchallenge - using a tube of pringles . in footage posted by elihudi justin urassa , from brighton , on facebook that has been watched more than three million times , a young woman can be seen sucking on to the tube before removing it to reveal her new pout ... made of crisps . the worrying trend started sweeping social media over the weekend , encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses to mirror kylie jenner 's often voluptuous looking pout . scroll down for videos . in the video the girl is seen sucking onto the tube of tortilla flavoured chips . the mickey-taking video has already been watching more than 3.7million times on facebook in just a day . one user commented : ' now this one is funny . ' whilst many others put a series of laughing face emojis . the company behind the snack said : 'we’re overjoyed that people have found a safer way to ace the kylie jenner challenge with pringles tortilla lips . ' whether your lips are naturally plump or you need some assistance from pringles tortilla , we’re all about showing off your tasty pout ( and eating it afterwards ) . ' in the hilarious video which was posted to facebook and has been watched over 3.5million times the girl pulls the tube of pringles away to reveal her new lips . the reportedly painful and dangerous trend involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup , jar or other narrow vessel and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up - all in the hopes of emulating kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout . countless teens , both boys and girls , have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on twitter and instagram , which in many cases has led to severe bruising around the mouth . surprisingly , given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat , it appears the results are far from desirable . the worrying trend dubbed the ' # kyliejennerchallenge ' swept social media , encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses ( pictured ) . ' i screwed up , ' wrote one teenage girl along with her # kyliejennerchallenge selfie , while another complained she looked ' gross ' . ' made my chin look like a hickey a week ago and i 'll say i 've never felt so dumb , ' one disgruntled teen admitted . ' i did the # kyliejennerchallenge and my lips turned purple , ' claimed yet another . the new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout ( pictured ) . the reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup , jar or shot glass and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up . countless teens , both boys and girls , have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on twitter and instagram . surprisingly , given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat , it appears the results are far from desirable . the method works by way of the airlock created in the opening of the glass or jar , which increases blood flow to the lips and causes them to swell . problematically , the results are said to last for hours , even days , with several people complaining that they were stuck with the after-effects for a lot longer than expected . plenty of twitter users have been quick to ridicule the craze . ' stop with that kylie jenner challenge it 's so gross , ' one wrote . ' i hate our generation . it 's so dumb . like you guys are really sticking your lips in small cups , ' another ranted . ' do people not realise they 're bursting blood vessels ? ' another pointed out . the method works by way of the airlock created in the opening of the glass or jar , which increases blood flow to the lips and causes them to swell . problematically , the results are said to last for hours , even days , with several people complaining that they were stuck with the after-effects for much longer than expected . last month , two icelandic sisters attempted the trick by sucking into a hairspray lid , and warned others against it after the stunt went disastrously wrong . yrja ás baldvinsdottir , 18 , and her sister , bir­gitta ás , from reykjavik , were left with swollen and blue bruised lips . writing on facebook , yrja as said : ' i wanted to warn people against do-it-yourself lip expansion , but was really surprised and shocked that it ended up being something that loads of people were copying . ' i just wanted to try it and see what they would look like , i 've never done it before , and i wo n't be doing it again . it was very , very painful . my lips turned blue . ' one boy expertly demonstrates just how extreme the effects can be if you try hard enough . sore-looking red marks are visible around the lip line of this dejected experimenter . as for kylie herself , the 17-year-old kardashian clan member has recently denied artificially enhancing her lips , despite much speculation to the contrary . ' i have n't had plastic surgery , ' she told grazia daily . ' i 've never been under the knife . people flashback to pictures of me when i was 12 and say `` kylie 's so different '' but how can i look the same from 12 -18 ? ' kylie has reacted to the challenge by taking to twitter to say : ' i 'm not here to try & encourage people/young girls to look like me or to think this is the way they should look . ' she added : ' i want to encourage people/young girls like me to be yourself & not be afraid to experiment w your look . ' plenty of twitter users have been quick to ridicule the craze , labelling it ' dumb ' and ' gross ' . ' i screwed up , ' wrote one teenage girl along with her # kyliejennerchallenge selfie , while another complained she looked ' gross ' . we can only hope this particular trend dies out as fast as it gained steam .  