protests to demand answers in the case of freddie gray , the 25-year-old black man who died in baltimore police custody last week , descended into chaos on saturday night . after a few hours of peaceful demonstrations , scores of rowdy protesters crowded outside camden yards , where the baltimore orioles beat the boston red sox in ten innings . spectators at the game , with a reported attendance of 36,757 , were told that they could not leave the baseball stadium until cleared to do so by police , who allowed them to exit shortly after 10pm when the game ended . outside , protesters threw objects at cars , kicked windshields , smashed windows and threw a flaming trash can at police in riot gear . multiple demonstrators were seen jumping on police cars . a civilian car 's windshield was also shattered as chants of ' shut it down ' were heard during unrest that started around 6.30pm . violence continued into the evening , with reports of looting and smashing of shop windows despite baltimore police commissioner anthony batts 's order for protesters to disperse . scroll down for videos . after a few hours of peaceful demonstrations against the death of freddie gray , 25 , in police custody , protesters began climbing on police cars and smashing them with traffic cones . violence continued from around 6.45pm into the evening when baltimore police commissioner anthony batts issued an order for protesters to disperse . amid growing anti-police sentiments , some protesters turned on police cars while others threw cans and plastic bottles in the direction of police officer . demonstrators-turned-vandals kick and smash the front windshield of a car outside of camden yards in baltimore as peaceful protests turned violent . at least two cars were damaged in the incidents , as crowds switched from chanting slogans to destroying property . protesters began violence early in the evening by throwing barricades at police . the police twitter account repeatedly stated that it was trying to protect the right to protest for demonstrators , who had gathered around 2,000 people in a peaceful rally earlier in the day . from inside the stadium , fans watched as smaller groups of freddie gray protesters split off from the main demonstration , throwing cans , bottles and trash cans at police , storefronts and restaurants . a wireless store and a 7-eleven convenience store were looted , according to a cbs baltimore reporter . at least two people have been injured and twelve protesters were arrested , according to police . three-hundred officers were deployed outside camden yards , according to batts . the commissioner had threatened mass arrests downtown if demonstrators did not leave . protesters began to disperse as the evening progressed towards 10pm , with a line of police in riot gear marching them backwards . a request from police led to thousands of baltimore orioles fans being trapped inside the ballpark at camden yards as they awaited police clearance to leave . spectators at the game were allowed to leave after a walk off homerun by the orioles in the tenth inning . above , the scoreboard tells fans that they can not leave . a 7-eleven in baltimore was looted as protesters spread from downtown baltimore near camden yards into the surrounding area . a wireless phone store in the city was also the victim of looters who took advantage of the temporary chaos . local news coverage captured footage of an unidentified man throwing a flaming trash can at a line of police despite the efforts of bystanders to stop him . a protester threw a rock ( next to side mirror ) at a police car in downtown baltimore on saturday evening . a woman in downtown baltimore stands near her car , which had its back windshield broken in the chaos . local news captured live footage of a man throwing a flaming trash can at the police line . a group of roughly 100 protesters broke out a window of a department store with a chair they got at a restaurant across the street at the gallery , a downtown shopping mall . the same group broke the windows of restaurants including a subway sandwich shop near camden yards , tossing chairs and tables through the glass . protesters also engaged with a group of orioles fans at slider 's bar and grille and began fighting with patrons . a woman inside one of the restaurants jumped in front of the protesters and begged them to stop throwing things . at least two bystanders - a man and woman - were bleeding from the head . other people were struck by flying objects . the protesters blocked traffic on major roadways including interstate 83 , where service was later restored following the end of the baseball game . at least two people were injured on saturday night as protests that began peacefully earlier in the day took a turn for the worst in the evening . a woman in front of a restaurant with a shattered window pleaded with vandals to stop destroying property as small groups of violent demonstrators splintered off from the main contingent . protesters described as a ' small group of agitators ' used chairs to smash shop windows in downtown baltimore . protesters and patrons of slider 's bar and grille on baltimore 's washington blvd began to fight in the escalating violence . patrons had been drinking beer in the outdoor area of the bar near camden yards before the scuffles began . the demonstration arrived at a baseball game between the boston red sox and baltimore orioles before violence began around 6.30pm . the university of maryland , baltimore , which is north of the stadium , issued a shelter in place warning for students as demonstrations turned violent because of ' civil disturbances ' in the area . it advised students and faculty not to come to campus . baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake posted on her twitter account : ' thx 2 those who have worked to press for peace during these protests . concerned about the violence and those who want to destroy our city . ' during a press conference she said that a ' small group of agitators ' turned the demonstrations violent , according to nbc baltimore . fredericka gray , the twin sister of freddie gray who spoke to the public for the first time , urged demonstrators not to be violent and said ' freddie would not want this ' . ' can ya’ll please , please stop the violence ? ' she said . the funeral for freddie gray , who died april 19 after suffering a fatal spinal injury while in police custody , was announced for monday . fredericka gray , the twin sister of freddie gray , said her brother ' would not want this ' and urged demonstrators to remain peaceful . protesters and police confront each other outside of camden yards , where the demonstrations turned violent . though some protesters shook hands with police ( left ) , others marched up to the line and stared at officers ( right ) . a demonstrator approaches police armed with riot gear and begins yelling during saturday 's protests . before the protest turned tense , demonstrators held signs with slogans such as ' jail killer police ! ' and ' unite here ! ' they filled two city blocks and marched 2 miles to city hall , where the crowd overtook the grassy plaza adjacent from the building . tanya peacher , a 36-year-old baltimore resident , said she 'd never attended a protest in the city before , but watching a video of gray 's arrest motivated her . ' i looked at my son , ' she said , ' and thought ''that is my son . '' late on friday , deputy commissioner kevin davis said gray should have received medical attention at the spot where he was arrested - before he was put inside a police transport van handcuffed and without a seat belt , a violation of the department 's policy.. . freddie gray was detained on april 12 after he ran away from police . he asked for an inhaler as he screamed in pain during the arrest and requested medical attention , but was denied . gray , who was arrested for carrying a switchblade knife , died a week after the incident from a severed spine . before the protest turned tense , people held signs with slogans such as ' jail killer police ! ' and ' unite here ! ' authorities have not explained how or when gray 's spine was injured . video showed him being dragged into a police van and police have said he rode in it for about 30 minutes before paramedics were called . six officers involved in the case have been suspended with pay pending the results of an investigation that includes an independent review . on saturday , residents young and old , from baltimore and beyond , gathered around noon and voiced their anger at how the department and the city 's officials are handling the investigation into gray 's death . at one point , the crowd paused for a moment of silence in front of shock trauma , the hospital where gray died . the marchers then migrated to camden yards . at a downtown intersection , a dozen marchers laid down in the street during an impromptu 'die-in . ' the police department has conceded gray should have received medical attention when he asked for it . people lay in the streets on saturday afternoon mimicking the way gray was held as he cried for help during his arrest . wearing a sign around his neck that said ' i am freddie gray , ' 33-year-old dante acree joined thousands of others outside city hall . acree said he came out to the protest because ' it could have been one of my kids . ' ' it could have been my brother , my father , ' he said . ' i 'd want the same support . ' leonard patterson , 56 , said he drove from manassas , virginia , to be a part of the protest . patterson said he decided to come after thinking about his college-aged daughter . ' i 'm trying to do everything in my limbs , everything in my power , to make this a better world for her , ' said patterson , holding up his black and white drawing of freddie gray . the drawing shows gray being hoisted from a police van to heaven by two angels . ' i 'm here to do what i can . police brutality is as old as the 1950s , the 1960s . it 's still here , ' he said . malik shabazz , of the black lawyers for justice , leads protesters outside the western district police station . the thousands of protesters at saturday 's rally were the biggest outpouring of public anger since gray was arrested on april 12 . commissioner anthony batts , who has refused to step down from his post amid uproar following the death , issued an order for protesters to disperse . 