four under-age fraternity members were busted by police on an alabama interstate with a trailer-load of alcohol , after being stopped for an expired tag . the louisiana state university students were found with nearly 2,000 beers , ten liters of spirits and several litres of wine on the i-10 in mobile county . harrison coogan , and hunter coker , both 18 , and 19-year-olds carson buckner and brandon barber , told sheriff 's deputies they were heading to spring break celebrations in gulf shores . scroll down for video . busted : four underage frat boys were busted in alabama , accused of towing nearly 2,000 cans of beer and ten litres of spirits to gulf shores for spring break . mobile county sheriff 's spokesman lori myles said deputies found the alcohol during a stop monday on interstate-10 on monday . ms myles said the teenagers were asked to stop by officers as they were hauling a trailer with an expired tag . 106x18 packs of natural light beer . 5x12 packs of corona beer . one 5litre box of franzia white zinfandel . 1.75litres skyy vodka . 750ml gordon 's vodka . 1.75litres captain morgan rum . 2x1.75litres+ 1x750ml jack daniels . 1.75litres jose cuervo . 1.75litres svedka vodka . during the stop , coogan , barber , coker and buckner consented to a search of their pick-up truck and trailer , which is how deputies discovered the alcohol . authorities say more than 100 cases of natural light beer , five cases of corona and a five-litre box of franzie white zinfandel was confiscated . deputies also found a total of ten litres of vodka , tequila , rum , and whiskey . the four young men , who all joined the phi kappa psi fraternity at lsu last term , told officers they were en-route to gulf shores to meet ' a larger group of people for the week of spring break , ' the advocate reports . lt. paul burch says the suspects will likely be charged with underage alcohol possession . that 's a lot of beer money : more than 100 cases of natural light beer , five cases of corona and a five-litre box of franzie white zinfandel was confiscated . mobile country sheriff 's deputies also found a total of ten litres of vodka , tequila , rum , and whiskey .