being crammed into cattle class is one of the most dreadful experiences for travellers , but aeroplane seats of the future are poised to make it a little more enjoyable . designers around the world are creating economy and premium economy seats that are comfier and provide more legroom , and some of them have radical changes from today’s chairs . but passengers shouldn’t expect any instant relief – these seats with reclining backrests , innovative armrests and ergonomic designs are still a few years off – and there’s nothing they can do to stop a crying baby or noisy sleeper . crawley-based acro aircraft seating recently unveiled the design for its new premium economy seat . acro 's ' series 7 ' seat has hand-stitched leather armrests , an aluminium chassis and composite materials . the seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants . passengers who are willing to pay a little extra for a seat in premium economy – which brings more legroom and some of the perks of business class – could one day sit in seats designed by crawley-based acro aircraft seating . located next to gatwick airport , the firm is reshaping the future of the cabin that straddles business and economy with thinner and lighter seats that are designed with comfort and safety in mind . the ‘ series 7’ seats , unveiled at last week’s aircraft interiors expo in hamburg , germany , managing director chris brady said the seats were designed to eliminate the sources of discomfort and provide more space for the occupants . he told mailonline travel : ‘ we believe that comfort is found in the spaces between seats . chris brady , acro 's managing director , said big seats that are ' lazily padded ' take up legroom . acro currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as klm , thomas cook and spirit . ‘ padding is not a proxy for comfort , padding is a lazy way of delivering the right shape . what you really want to do is deliver a shape that is ergonomically proper – so the hips aren’t shifted forward and the back is a little bit reclined . ’ he added : ‘ if you have a big , fat six-inch seat that is lazily padded you are taking five inches of legroom . in our case our seat is less than half an inch thick at its thickest . ’ mr brady said the seats – with an aluminium chassis , composite materials and hand-stitched leather armrests – must pass an onerous certification process , meaning they won’t actually fly until 2017 . the firm , which received a queen’s award for enterprise this week , currently makes thousands of economy class seats for airlines such as klm , thomas cook and spirit . thompson aero seating has come up with a way to make the middle seat a less punishing experience . the ' cozy suite ' has seats positioned at a slight diagonal angle , with dedicated sleeping positions . in northern ireland , thompson aero seating has come up with a way to make the middle seat a less punishing experience . the firm’s ‘ cozy suite’ would see seats positioned at a slight diagonal angle to give the passenger in the middle a little more breathing room . based south-west of belfast , the company said the ‘ innovative and flexible solution’ could be applied to economy and premium economy cabins . it said the unconventional design offers increased seat and shoulder width , individual armrests , a dedicated sleeping position , improved egress and easier access to the aisle . hong kong’s paperclip design may have solved the elbow war problem with a dual-user armrest . the ' meerkat seat ' concept has a number of features to improve comfort and store belongings . one of passengers’ biggest gripes – especially for those stuck in the middle seat – is the battle for the armrest . but hong kong’s paperclip design may have solved the elbow war problem with a unique ‘double-decker’ armrest on long-haul economy seats designed by james lee . the armrest is shaped like a paperclip , allowing two passengers to use the armrest . mr lee’s ‘ meerkat seat’ concept is intended for long-haul flights in economy , with a number of features to help those who bring too many of their possessions on board . the backrest allowing passengers to relax without crushing the knees of the person seated behind them . the reclining seats have enough space for belongings , plus a stand for tablets and a fixed cup holder . passengers in the ' meerkat seat ' have a footrest and a personal cabinet instead of a seat pocket . it features a reclining backrest for sleeping , a tray with a stand for tablet computers and a footrest under the chair in front . the backrest seats offer an alternative to the traditional recliner mode – allowing passengers to relax without crushing the knees of the person seated behind them . the lower portion of the backrest cushion detaches , pushing the traveller forward in a ' deep recline ' position , allowing them to stretch their legs out in front . mr lee 's design include a fixed cup holder – meaning the tray could be stowed – a personal cabinet instead of a seat pocket , a hook for headphones , a vanity mirror and a shared literary rack between every two seats .