the wife of a florida chef who was killed by a suspected drunk driver on saturday has given birth his son , only three days following his death . ana granucci davis , 28 , wife of st petersburg chef aaron davis , 31 , gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday . ' andrew and i are doing very well and we are both ready to take on this new adventure together with audrey , my daughter , ' mrs davis told the tampa bay times following her son 's birth . scroll down for video . aaron davis , head chef at the kitchen , fatally struck by 25-year-old jason lanard mitchell on saturday around 2am , according to police ( aaron pictured right with his wife , ana davis , and their baby girl audrey ) . on tuesday , mrs davis gave birth to their son andrew aaron lawrence davis ( above ) on tuesday , three days after her husband died . mr davis , head chef at the kitchen , was walking on central avenue to a parking garage when he was fatally struck by 25-year-old jason lanard mitchell on saturday around 2am , police said . the driver and his passenger , rayvorris altuan oliver , 27 , fled the scene following the crash . police said mitchell ran several red lights before driving into mr davis , and his co-worker , brian lee lafrance , 28 , with his rented 2015 dodge charger . mr davis died at the scene and lafrance was was treated and released from bayfront health st petersburg . last week mr davis ( far right ) had decided to quit smoking and was going to put the savings towards his children . mitchell faces several charges including dui manslaughter , vehicular homicide , aggravated fleeing and eluding , leaving the scene of a crash involving a death , dui serious bodily injury and trying to escape from police headquarters , according to the tampa bay times . ' we were just starting our lives , ' said mrd davis , who is head chef at 400 beach seafood and tap house , following her husband 's death . ' he was n't even driving . he was walking . ' on friday around 10pm , mrs davis sent a message to her husband saying that her pregnant stomach was making her too uncomfortable to sleep to which he responded , ' i 'll be home soon to rub your feet ' . police tried to stop the car around 2am but it sped off through a red light ( above footage of the car as it turns on emergency lights before speeding off ) . police said davis was sent flying over the hood of the car and over its roof before landing on the sidewalk , and died at the scene . his coworker was injured but treated and released from hospital ( above the rented dodge charger following the crash ) . she expected mr davis home around 2.30am but her messages to him were left unanswered . an hour and a half later , she received a knock on her door with two police officers telling her he had died . mitchell ( above ) faces several charges including dui manslaughter and vehicular homicide . moments before mr davis was struck by mitchell 's speeding car were captured on video released by police . in the footage , the driver is seen turning on emergency lights before shutting them off and then speeding through a red light . st petersburg police tried to stop the car around 2am but mitchell sped off . as mr davis and lafrance were walking to the parking garage , police said they had the green light . after the dodge charger struck the men , mr davis was sent flying onto the car 's hood , over the roof and onto the sidewalk while lafrance was sideswiped and thrown onto the pavement , according to police . ' we saw the gentleman flying across the street , like a cartwheel , ' witness marcus byer who heard a loud boom on saturday morning told the tampa bay times . the car then hit two concrete pillars knocking one over and tearing off the vehicle 's front right wheel before coming to a halt . police eventually caught mitchell and oliver at push ultra lounge after they fled the crash scene through an alley . on saturday , a memorial was held for mr davis as people close to the couple wrote messages on a white chef 's apron and left flowers near the scene of the crash . the couple met four years ago and married in 2013 . they had a daughter audrey , 21 months old , before mrs davis gave birth to their baby boy on tuesday . mrs davis , head chef at a st petersburg restaurant said : ' the rest of my life i 'll definitely be an advocate against drunk driving ' ( above aaron and audrey ) . the couple met four years ago and married in december 2013 , and shortly welcomed their first child , audrey , who is now 21 months old . last week , mr davis had made the decision to quit smoking and was going to use the savings towards their children . as mrs davis copes with the loss of her husband she says she will be an advocate of drunk driving , and that she is happy to have her two children . ' the rest of my life i 'll definitely be an advocate against drunk driving . and hopefully the rest of their lives they will too because they 're going to miss out on so much , ' she said . ' but i got the best of all : he left me those two . ' the restaurant where davis worked as head chef , the kitchen , made an announcement on facebook on the loss of their valued colleague and family member . a funeral service will be held on wednesday for aaron at the anderson-mcqueen funeral home in st petersburg . a gofundme page has been set up to help the family with financial needs and has already raised $ 26,611 in donations . a funeral service will be held on wednesday for aaron at the anderson-mcqueen funeral home in st petersburg at 3pm , according to wtsp . mitchell is being held in pinellas county jail on a $ 60,500 bond . he has a history of arrests including grand theft auto and fleeing police . oliver , his passenger , will not be charged in connection to the fatal crash , police said , however he was given a misdemeanor notice to appear in court for marijuana . on saturday , an impromptu memorial as held for aaron as people close to the couple wrote messages on a white chef 's apron and left flowers near the scene of the crash .