british taekwondo fighter aaron cook has confirmed he plans to compete for moldova at the 2016 olympics in rio . dorset-born cook , 24 , who was overlooked for the great britain taekwondo squad at london 2012 , applied for citizenship after receiving funding from moldovan billionaire igor iuzefovici and has now received his passport from the small eastern european state . ' i will soon begin a new journey representing the republic of moldova at all international competitions and hopefully the rio olympic games and beyond , should i qualify , ' cook wrote on his facebook page . three time european champion aaron cook ( right ) has refused to fight for great britain since may 2012 . the british taekwondo star has been granted citizenship by moldova and plans to fight for them in rio 2016 . ' although i am upset and disappointed i will not represent my country of birth at another major championships , i felt i had no other option . ' i am a fighter at heart and i am not going to throw away 20 years of dedication because of bureaucracy . ' cook , who fought for team gb at beijing 2008 , felt he was overlooked for london 2012 - when lutalo muhammad , who was selected instead , won bronze - because he decided to quit the british programme in 2011 . cook is aggrieved at being overlooked in favour of lutalo muhammad , who won bronze at london 2012 . gb taekwondo has always denied this , but cook has refused to compete under the british flag since may 2012 and has fought for the isle of man since early 2013 . ' it has been an amazing couple of years full of memories , and i would have loved to continue competing under the isle of man banner , ' cook said . ' unfortunately that was never going to be possible as it was made clear to me in may of last year , after winning the european championships for the third consecutive time , that it would not be possible for me to be selected for team gb , regardless of my world ranking or performances . cook competes against mauro sarmiento at the olympic games in beijing in 2008 . ' having received no funding or support from the gb system and financing myself since june 2011 , this was not a situation that was acceptable to me and i did not want to put myself , family , friends , supporters or sport through the same situation we were forced to endure at the london 2012 olympic games . ' cook hopes to represent moldova for the first time at the inaugural baku european games in june having served the mandatory three-year period since representing a previous country . however , the british olympic association could yet block the move and sportsmail understands it is still in talks over the matter . 