nico rosberg is too polite to say what precisely he finds irritating about the team-mate with whom he is locked in the battle of his career . sitting in an air-conditioned room away from the dry heat of the bahrain paddock , he goes so far as to say this of lewis hamilton : ‘ i know exactly how he is functioning . i understand him really , really well . all his attitudes . i can tell why he is doing whatever he is doing . sometimes he annoys me . some character traits . ’ go on , then , tell us what it is that gets under your skin . lewis hamilton waves after qualifying on pole position for the bahrain grand prix on saturday . hamilton 's mercedes team-mate nico rosberg was third six-tenths of a second behind hamilton . hamilton has dominated roberg this season and has got pole in every race during the current campaign . ‘ i don’t want to give details , ’ says rosberg , diplomatic to the core . at this point the door of the mercedes hospitality area , in which rosberg and i are sitting alone , opens fast and loudly . it is hamilton invading the quiet of the interview . he turns to face the door he has just walked through and slammed shut , his head down , and shouts in an almost childlike way : ‘ phew , phew , man , it’s hot , ’ deporting himself as if he is about to pass out from heat stroke . ‘ you see ... ? ’ says rosberg , his eyebrows arched . the daunting task he faces against his extraordinary team-mate was made vividly clear under the lights in qualifying for sunday’s bahrain grand prix . not only will he start behind hamilton for the fourth consecutive race but behind the ferrari of sebastian vettel , who is emerging as a putative title contender . rosberg 's corner . keke rosberg . the 1982 world champion attended pre-season testing with friends but rarely goes to races and does not give interviews . nico said he got his father’s advice before the last race in abu dhabi but he generally gives his son space . vivian rosberg . nico’s long-term girlfriend turned wife . she attends a few races , sometimes with a clutch of their long-standing friends , but is happy in the background . she works as an interior designer . georg nolte . a popular , mild-mannered former bild sports journalist , who is nico’s pr and man friday . tony ross . rosberg’s race engineer . his attachment to rosberg is such that he moved from williams to mercedes at the driver’s request . hamilton 's corner . anthony hamilton . father is rarely seen at races since being dropped as lewis’s manager but he is still the family patriarch . he established the business side of his son’s career and still controls elements of it . niki lauda . the mercedes chairman is strictly neutral but has a vested interest in hamilton being successful , having brought him to the team after telling the board he was the driver who could win them the title . daniel ‘spinz’ forrest . hamilton’s new travelling companion . a music producer , he looks after hamilton’s social media output . peter bonnington . hamilton’s race engineer . he did the same job for michael schumacher . rosberg’s deficit to hamilton was six-tenths of a second on saturday . he is also separated from the briton by 17 points . but even more separates them as people . rosberg grew up the son of privilege . his father , keke , was 1982 world champion . he was brought up in monaco . he attended a smart international school there . he speaks five languages . but his life is the quiet life . not for him the hamilton whirl of red carpets and celebrity acquaintances in los angeles . he is not tattooed from chest to leg . while hamilton courts fame , rosberg’s dream evening finishes with him and wife , vivian , staying in to watch an ‘ educational documentary’ , their yellow labrador , bailey , at their side . family is important . he has known vivian , an interior designer , since his teenage years . they make smoothies or ‘healthy’ pancakes when they home in monaco or ibiza . they gather fresh vegetables from their bio-garden . he relishes a bike ride to the beach for lunch . he loves his classic car — a light blue mercedes 280sl pagoda , as perfect as the day it was made in 1970 . he bought it without vivian knowing , but they both enjoy it now . he drives them through the sweeping mountain roads of southern france . rosberg has a trait rare among modern formula one drivers : a hinterland . he turned down a place at imperial college to become a full-time racing driver . if he wins the world championship this year he will do so with a book under his arm . he is the driver who never stops learning . having married last year , he and vivian are expecting their first child in august , during the sport’s summer break . ‘ typical german precision , ’ he jokes . ‘i’m very excited and very lucky , ’ he says . ‘ i just hope it all goes well . there is a link between your personal life and your racing life , naturally . ’ but we know he is a nice , intelligent chap , more settled in life than his rival . the point when it comes to winning the most prestigious title in motor racing is whether he has the capacity — the skill and cutting edge — to beat such an extravagant talent as hamilton , who eclipsed him last year . rosberg has failed to match hamilton this season , raising the question whether he will go the way of mark webber , who fell away after making his red bull team-mate vettel fight him for his first title . rosberg’s deficit to hamilton was six-tenths of a second in qualifying on saturday . jenson button will start his 100th race for mclaren from last on the grid after his ailing machine again gave up on him during qualifying . it was the third time this weekend he had suffered a failure , the latest coming just four corners into his first lap . ‘ it was a power cut , ’ said button . ‘ i don’t know where it came from . ' it is rosberg who begins work with his engineers earlier and finishes later — and always turns up on time , unlike hamilton — but genius sometimes makes its own rules . raw talent is outstripping endeavour . as a barbecue was staged in a paddock here on friday , he toiled in engineering meetings while the rest of us tucked in . he arrived after a brief stop in dubai , relaxing and training , before heading to the track to face an inquisition . why had he criticised hamilton for slowing down seven days ago in china and thus imperilling mercedes’ one-two finish ? rosberg answered in a relaxed and courteous manner . ‘ only today have there been millions of questions , ’ he tells me once the wider interrogation was over . ‘ other than that i’ve had some distance from it all . i don’t think about it in terms of me getting under his skin or him getting under mine . for both of us it has been annoying to spend so much time on the topic . hamilton and rosberg pose together during their unveiling as mercedes ' new team in february 2013 . ‘ lewis and i are going through a difficult period . we can not totally be friends . we go through ups and downs . we are only speaking when we need to but sometimes we have a laugh together . we have so much to do with each other . we karted together . we are here together . i am not an ice man , either . things can get to me but i do not get angry . i am rational . you won’t catch me getting very emotional . ’ the feud between the two has been running for a year , each upsetting the other in turn , a situation magnified because there has been nobody else with whom to scrap . if ferrari seriously push their way into the championship contest , that might change somewhat . ‘ there are so many experiences that i can build on , ’ says rosberg . ‘ even now when he has taken quite a few points off me and been on a winning streak , i think back to last year when i had my best run after he had won four in a row . nico 's father keke ( left ) was also a famous racing driver and won the 1982 formula one world championship . ‘ i like to push myself . i am not at my peak as a driver , though i am probably close to it . but i have the experience of how to set up the car and deal with the whole world of formula one . the intra-team stuff , personal relations are helped by last year . it was so valuable . ’ rosberg was born 29 years ago in wiesbaden , germany to a german mother , sina , and his famous finnish father . he soon moved to monaco and developed as european polyglot . his solid family background is the bedrock of his life . hamilton said last year that rosberg was not as hungry as him because of their different backgrounds , the former being from a council estate in stevenage and the latter from a plutocrat’s playground . fair ? ‘ i had it easy if you think of people who have money struggles in their lives . people reading this may think i had it easy . but i had my personal battles . even making it to formula one was not easy ; it was a constant challenge and commitment . my whole life has taken a lot of sacrifice . ‘ some people say i am not strong enough to beat lewis but i have as much belief as ever . i only wouldn’t believe i could beat him if i got to the end of the championship and i had lost . that is not what i want to happen and i am constantly learning to make sure it’s not what happens . ’ ferrari 's sebastian vettel pipped rosberg to second in qualifying on saturday .