a fashion designer 's 30,000 sq ft los angeles mansion , which features a two-story-tall chandelier and 22 bathrooms , is now on the market with a whopping $ 85million price tag . max azria 's home is spread across three acres in holmby hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city 's ' platinum triangle ' and bordered by beverly hills and bel air . visitors to the sprawling home , dubbed maison du solei , are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals . there are 17 bedrooms to choose from and 60 rooms to explore , and that 's not even counting the guesthouse and 6,000 sq ft movie theater , complete with its own popcorn and snack bar . the kitchen also features a walk-in refrigerator . a private glass-enclosed tennis court with its own viewing box is just steps away , as are five distinctly-designed french , japanese , english , moroccan and herb gardens , according to a property listing by the agency . the mansion 's backyard also features a moroccan style bathhouse with a sauna , steam shower and spa , an outdoor dining room with a two-sided fireplace , a zero-edged swimming pool with a bar and fire pits , and two greenhouses , one of which was converted into a fully-equipped gym . azria 's personal office is adorned with a domed gold-leaf ceiling and a number of rooms feature one-of-a-kind lighting fixtures , according to the los angeles times . the house was built in 1939 by architect paul williams , who built homes for old hollywood stars such as frank sinatra and lucille ball . previously owned by famous television writer and novelist sidney sheldon , azria bought the mansion for $ 14.4million in 2005 before pouring in $ 30million more for a massive renovation , according to the wall street journal . azria , 66 , founded the popular bcbg max azria , which has more than 550 international boutiques . he is also chairman of the global fashion house bcbg max azria group . lubov azria , the designer 's wife and the chief creative officer of bcbg max azria , spearheaded the re-design of the couple 's home . fashion designer max azria 's 30,000 sq ft los angeles mansion can be yours , as long as you have $ 85million in spare change . the home is spread across three acres in holmby hills , one of the three affluent neighborhoods that makes up the city 's ' platinum triangle ' . visitors to the sprawling home are first greeted by a floor-to-ceiling waterfall chandelier made up of 150,000 crystals . there is also a private 6,000 sq ft movie theater , which features its own popcorn and snack bar . the mansion 's backyard features a zero-edged swimming pool and lounge chairs fit for a lazy day of sunbathing . the pool has its own bar and fire pits and is just steps away from a moroccan-style bathhouse . inside the bathhouse you 'll find there 's a personal sauna , steam shower and even a spa . what backyard glass-enclosed tennis court is complete without it 's own private viewing box ? a double-sided fireplace keeps the outdoor dining room perfectly warm for entertaining . the property also features two greenhouses , one of which was converted into a fully-equipped gym . the other greenhouse has maintained it 's traditional use and grows organic produce . azria 's personal office is adorned with this domed gold-leaf ceiling and a contemporary interior design . a number of the rooms in maison du solei feature one-of-a-kind lighting fixtures like this one . there are 17 bedrooms to choose from , including this one , and 60 rooms to explore inside the mansion . the house was built in 1939 by architect paul williams , who built homes for old hollywood stars such as frank sinatra and lucille ball . it was previously owned by by famous television writer and novelist sidney sheldon before azria purchased it for $ 14.4million in 2005 . azria , 66 , and his wife lubov then poured $ 30million of their own money for a massive renovation . their backyard now features five distinctly designed french , japanese , english , moroccan and herb gardens . azria founded the popular bcbg max azria brand , which has more than 550 boutiques around the world . he is also chairman of the global fashion house bcbg max azria group , which includes more than 20 brands .