the 15-year-old son of a canadian diplomat plans to plead not guilty if charges are brought against him after an alleged drug deal in miami turned into a gun battle that left his older brother dead and landed him in custody , where the teenager allegedly threatened to kill a police officer . curt obront , the lawyer for miami consul general roxanne dube’s surviving son , marc wabafiyebazu , called it a tragic case . dube 's ex-husband and the boy 's father , germano wabafiyebazu , has said his 17-year-old son , jean wabafiyebazu , was killed when he went into a house to buy marijuana monday , and that police arrested marc . scroll down for video . jean wabafiyebazu ( left ) , 17 , was killed and his brother marc ( right ) , 15 , has been arrested after a gunfight erupted during a drug deal on monday . high-ranking official : their mother is roxanne dubé ( above ) , the recently appointed canadian consul general in miami . germano wabafiyebazu said his sons borrowed their mother 's personal car , which has diplomatic license plates , to drive to the house but told their mother they were just going for a drive . he said he was told that marc rushed into the house after hearing a gunshot . it was not clear whether marc wabafiyebazu would be charged as a juvenile or an adult but he is due in juvenile court on april 8 . authorities say he would not be protected by diplomatic immunity . dube and her family , meanwhile , expressed condolences to the family of joshua wright , the other deceased victim , and said they just want to be there for the younger son . ‘ your grief is our grief , ’ she said . ‘ we can only hope that , in time , we will find common purpose towards diminishing the causes of such violent crimes . for now , we just want to be there for marc , our incredibly caring son who loved his brother very much , and to say goodbye , ever so tenderly and quietly to jean , our love . ’ the miami-dade state attorney 's office confirmed that another man , 19-year-old anthony rodriguez , was charged with second-degree murder and marijuana possession with intent to sell for his alleged role . crime scene : in this photo taken on monday , march 30 , 2015 , miami-dade police detectives work at a crime scene in miami , involving the two teenage sons of roxanne dube , canada 's counsel general in maimi . troubled youth : the siblings ' father said 17-year-old jean ( left and right ) struggled with substance abuse . the rodriguez arrest report says a second man , identified as 17-year-old joshua wright , was shot to death inside the house . prosecutors also said rodriguez was wounded in the arm in the shootout . the police report also quotes unidentified witnesses as saying rodriguez brought two pounds of marijuana to the house and began to negotiate . ‘ during the negotiations , both deceased victims became involved in an exchange of gunfire , ’ the report says . anthony rodriguez ( above ) was arrested on charges of felony murder and drug possession . according to the miami herald , police believe the wabafiyebazu siblings were armed with guns as they tried to rob a group of men during a drug deal at a home in the coral way area . the boys had reportedly agreed to purchase two pounds of marijuana at a cost of $ 5,000 , and driven to the house under the guise of making said purchase in their mother 's bmw with diplomatic plates . police claim that their plan was to then rob the drug dealers . gunfire broke out soon after they entered , and jean and joshua wright were killed , while anthony rodriguez was wounded . both marc and rodriguez were arrested under a florida law that says anyone who participates in a violent felony that results in death can be charged with murder . in addition , marc wabafiyebazu faces charges of threatening a police officer while in custody , according to a separate police report . the boy is alleged to have said ‘ he was going to kill ( a detective ) and that he would shoot him in the head . ’ a second man was reportedly with jean when he went to rob the drug dealers , though his identity is not known at this time . dubé , a one-time fulbright scholar , was appointed to her new position in november , but only arrived in miami in february . she was previously canada 's ambassador to zimbabwe from 2005 to 2008 and also served as a staff member for a canadian liberal cabinet minister for more than a decade . bloody aftermath : the boys and a friend had driven to a house , pictured here with blood on the floor , to reportedly purchase two pounds of marijuana for $ 5,000 . gunfire erupted soon after they entered , though marc was in the car at the time . john babcock , a spokesman for canada 's foreign department , said louise leger has been named acting head of mission on an interim basis . the boys’ father , germano wabafiyebazu , said he and dube were divorced a few years ago and that their son jean struggled with substance abuse . he previously told global news that he does not think marc had anything to do with this tragedy , and that he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time . he also said the boys kept to themselves , and did not have much of a social life . ' my wife told me they didn’t go out , ' he said . ' they went to school , went home , went to school . '