a gay student in louisiana says she is going to skip her senior prom because the school principal wo n't let her wear a tuxedo . claudetteia love , a senior and one of the top students at carroll high in monroe , said she was planning on going to the prom without a date and with a group of friends , but now she and her friends are staying away . though a petition was started and signed by members of the senior class to allow love to wear a tuxedo , it was not acted on by school faculty . carroll high school senior claudetteia love will skip her senior prom after her monroe , louisiana , school 's principal told her that she would not be allowed to wear a tuxedo . principal patrick taylor told love that the decision was dress-code related and that she should n't take it personally . ' i told my mom , `` they 're using me '' . they put me in all these honors and advanced placement classes so i can take all of these tests and get good grades and better the school , but when it 's time for me to celebrate the fact that i 've accomplished what i need to accomplish and i 'm about to graduate , they do n't want to let me do it the way i want to , '' she told the news-star . the decision is part of the school 's dress code and not anything personal , principal patrick taylor told the news-star . love 's mother , geraldine jackson , said taylor told her faculty members said they would n't supervise the april 24 prom if girls wore tuxes . ' that 's his exact words . `` girls wear dresses and boys wear tuxes , and that 's the way it is , '' ' she said . love was going to go to the prom with a group of friends and no date , but all of them have decided not to go after taylor made his rule . love 's mother said that she believes taylor is ' taking his values and throwing them ' on her daughter because she 's a lesbian . ' i feel like he 's taking his values and throwing them on my daughter because of what her preference is and what she represents , ' jackson added . monroe city school board president rodney mcfarland said taylor 's decision was discriminatory and he disagreed with it . ' banning her from her prom just because of what she wants to wear - that 's discrimination , ' he said . ' as far as i know there is no monroe city school board policy saying what someone has to wear to attend the prom . you ca n't just go making up policies . ' he said he planned to ask superintendent brent vidrine to talk to taylor . love said that though she will skip her own prom , she hopes that she can make a difference for younger students . love is a top-performing student at carroll high school . she will represent the school at an annual scholars ' banquet and has a full scholarship to jackson state university once she graduates . ' there are other girls in lower grades than me , and i want for them when they come up to not to have to feel like they are n't accepted , ' love said . she added : ' i do n't want them to feel like they are less of a person because people do n't accept them . ' there are people in the world that wo n't accept you but they do n't have to be so judgmental and make you feel like you 're less of a person and that you should n't express yourself . ' last year , love was one of a group of students presented in a monroe city school board meeting as part of the school 's high achieving medical magnet program . she will represent the school at the annual scholars ' banquet , an event for the top students in ouachita parish , and has a full scholarship to jackson state university .