former tech executive carly fiorina is set to become the second woman in the 2016 white house hunt – if a report published wednesday afternoon is accurate . the onetime hewlett-packard ceo will launch a formal campaign on may 4 , according to the wall street journal . but fiorina spokeswoman sarah isgur flores told daily mail online that it 's just a rumor at this point . ' i am not confirming the wsj story , ' flores said . scroll down for video . campaign-in-waiting : carly fiorina spoke tuesady at a public library in council bluffs , iowa , in the state whose presidential primary caucuses can make or break a candidacy . hear me roar : fiorina spoke at the republican leadership summit on saturday in nashua , new hampshire . showdown : republican fiorina ( left ) wants to be the conservative balance to democrat hillary clinton ( right ) when americans consider electing their first female president . fiorina would be the fourth republican in the presidential race , following senators ted cruz of texas , rand paul of kentucky and marco rubio of florida . retired pediatric neurosurgeon ben carson is also expected to announce his candidacy on may 4 in detroit . former arkansas gov . mike huckabee is scheduled to throw his hat in the ring on may 5 in hope , arkansas , the town of former president bill clinton 's birth . fiorina also has a book scheduled for release on may 5 . ' rising to the challenge : my leadership journey ' is expected to be a business memoir that positions her as a practical problem-solver who knows how to unlock americans ' hidden potential . she is also making the rounds in the same early presdiential primary states where other likely presidential hopefuls have turned up . fiorina was in cedar rapids , iowa on wednesday , according to her twitter account , signing books . yesterday she was in council bluffs speaking to supporters at a public library . fiorina 's next book is due in stores on may 5 , just 24 hours after her reported presdiential-launch date . four days ago she spoke at the republican leadership summit in nashua , new hampshire , answering a female conservative business leader 's claim that only men should sit in the oval office because women are under the influence of their hormones and ca n't reliably control themselves . ' not that we haven’t seen a man’s judgment clouded by hormones in the oval office , ' she said , pointing a silent rhetorical finger at bill clinton . the onetime commander-in-chief 's storied sexual peccadillos – including his affair with white house intern monica lewinsky – will undoubedly return to america 's front burner as his wife , hillary clinton , seeks the ofice he once held . fiorina is schedule to deliver a speech in west des moines , iowa , on may 7 at an event hosted by the dallas county republican party . after that comes a may 8 dinner event at the new hampshire high tech summit in manchester , n.h. and a may 9 college commencement speech at southern new hampshire university . fiorina has already made waves in presidential politics , responding forcefully after clinton launched her campaign this month . in a facebook video , she said the former secretary of state ' does not have a track record of accomplishment or transparency . ' hormones ? fiorina said it 's men like bill clinton – not women like her – who would have problems controlling their hormones as commander-in-chief . ' russia is now a more powerful adversary than it was when she became secretary of state , ' fiorina said . ' our relationship with israel has deteriorated dramatically . the middle east is in flames . ' 'she’s not the woman for the white house . ' the implication is that fiorina is that woman . she told the daily beast on wednesday that with her in the race , clinton 'wouldn’t be able to play the gender card ' or emphasize her quest to be the first female u.s. president . the former secretary of state would instead be forced to base her campaign on her accomplishments , fiorina said , ' not identity politics . '