suddenly , after close to 14 years of international football and just 33 caps , michael carrick is the answer for england . he was very impressive against italy in a friendly , true ; and he has been an important influence on manchester united’s revival . yet it would be unfortunate in the extreme if four consecutive england managers had all failed to spot a game-changing wizard in their midst . here’s the reality . carrick has made nine competitive starts for england , and the majority have been ordinary at best . he played in the match against ecuador in the 2006 world cup , in which england were saved by a david beckham free-kick , and was then dropped and replaced by the more energetic owen hargreaves for the quarter-final with portugal . michael carrick played against ecuador at the 2006 world cup but was dropped for the quarter-final . england have won just four competitive matches when carrick started , including against poland . carrick ( left ) played in the 2-0 defeat by croatia which went a long way to england missing out on euro 2008 . under steve mcclaren he started in the disastrous double header of a 0-0 home draw with macedonia followed by a 2-0 defeat in croatia — the results that effectively cost england’s place at the 2008 european championship . he was also part of unconvincing performances in poland and , particularly , montenegro under roy hodgson . england have won four competitive games in which carrick has started — against ecuador , and then san marino , poland and lithuania , all at home . ecuador were feisty opponents and carrick struggled to match their intensity ; the same in the second half in montenegro , when england were overwhelmed and fortunate not to lose . the home draw with macedonia — more than either defeat to croatia — was the worst result of mcclaren’s reign . carrick was hailed after an impressive performance for england in their friendly draw with italy last week . carrick has also been impressive in manchester united 's midfield under louis van gaal this season . so the idea that england managers are fools for consistently preferring steven gerrard and frank lampard is misguided . carrick had chances throughout his career , and little changed . equally , in less than one year , between may 30 , 2009 , and may 9 , 2010 , lampard scored more goals for club and country than carrick has in his entire career . gerrard took slightly longer — outscoring carrick in entirety between october 24 , 2007 and december 13 , 2008 . and it wasn’t as if lampard and gerrard couldn’t pass or put a tackle in , too . maybe carrick has improved with age . maybe he is the best around right now . he certainly deserves to be judged on his current performances , not his past . just don’t think that there isn’t a reason why his international career underwhelms . they’re not all idiots , these england managers . 