west ham manager sam allardyce has claimed no club has made an offer for aaron cresswell , and that the left back would be better off continuing his development at west ham amid rumoured interest from chelsea and manchester city . cresswell , 25 , has been a consistent performer for the hammers since signing from ipswich for £2million last summer , making 32 premier league appearances and scoring twice in his debut top-flight season . the defender’s performances have not gone un-noticed among the division’s top sides , with chelsea and manchester city supposedly eyeing a deal for cresswell in the summer . but allarydce claims that club have not been approached with an offer for his services . west ham defender aaron cresswell ( right ) is a reported target for chelsea and manchester city . the 25-year-old has starred for the hammers this term , scoring twice - including this goal against newcastle . ‘ as far as i am concerned , no-one has bid for aaron cresswell . so , it’s all pure rumours and speculation , which has to fill the huge amount of media space that you have to fill , ’ allardyce said . ‘ my problem is : does it affect aaron cresswell and affect his performance ? ‘ players can lose that focus on that rumour and that’s for me to make sure aaron does what he can all season and he performs on a consistent basis . what will happen in the summer , we will wait and see . ‘ i have even heard somebody said we have put a £25m buyout on him . that’s the first i know , i haven’t heard anything from myself or through owners to say “ well , if somebody wants ac they would have to pay 25m.”’ . despite cresswell’s smooth negotiation of the step up to the premier league from the championship , allardyce firmly believes he would be better served staying with the east london side next season . upton park boss sam allardyce ( centre ) believes cresswell would be better off staying to develop his game . ‘there’s no doubt about that , because he’s year one in the premier league . year one is an ongoing experience that you have that you know the level , ’ allardyce continued . ‘ aaron now needs to grow from that experience . his challenge is to continue to work as harder than he has this year , not to rest on his laurels , to think that he’s here . ‘ we have seen players do that and then year two more of a disaster than his impressive first year . his professionalism will come into play start of next year by where he gets and if he gets to the next level . 