padding such a long way back was a tall order for a little lapdog with stumpy legs . so when alfie the yorkshire terrier was dumped by thieves 120 miles from his home , he found a novel way to bring about a snappy rescue . with great presence of mind – or luck – he dashed into a deserted country lane just as an rspca van drove by . reunited : alfie the yorkshire terrier ( with owner kirsty mitton , right ) - who travelled from wednesbury , west midlands , to buckinghamshire to pick him up after he was rescued the rspca inspector stephanie law ( left ) . safe now : the seven-year-old dog ran out of the woods in front of the inspector 's van and started barking . the near-miss , plus a lot of barking , made rspca inspector stephanie law pull over . when she opened her cab door , alfie bounded in and started licking her face appreciatively . because the seven-year-old was microchipped , rspca staff were able to trace his owner , kirsty mitton , in wednesbury , west midlands – the opposite end of the m40 from where he was found in gerrards cross , buckinghamshire . inquiries revealed alfie had been missing for 12 days after being stolen with miss mitton’s other yorkshire terrier , lillie , during a raid on her home . miss mitton , 23 , put up 400 posters near her home and launched an appeal on facebook to find the dogs after the burglary on march 21 . yesterday , inspector law said : ‘ i was just driving down the deserted road when i saw alfie run towards me , clearly trying to attract my attention . he ran right in front of the van , barking , and as soon as i stopped and opened the door he just bounded in and jumped on the seat . ‘ it was as if he recognised my uniform and knew i was there to rescue him . taken : alfie ( left ) is back , but miss mitton’s second terrier lillie ( right ) , who was also stolen , is still missing . distaance : inspector law reunited alfie with a delighted miss mitton , who drove 112 miles from wednesbury in the west midlands ( point a ) to gerrards cross in buckinghamshire ( point b ) to collect her beloved pet . ‘ i have had plenty of people wave me down for help but i have never actually been flagged down by a dog in need of rescue before . ’ miss mitton , who runs her family’s haulage firm , has had alfie since he was a puppy . lillie , five , is not microchipped and is still missing . the pets are thought to have been stolen by dognappers who cash in on the lucrative trade in yorkshire terrier puppies , which can sell for £900 . they have become increasingly popular after being photographed with celebrity owners such as miley cyrus , paris hilton and britney spears . the two dogs were the only things taken in the break-in . it is thought alfie was dumped by the thieves when they realised he is neutered . lillie has not been spayed so can still breed . miss mitton , said : ‘ it was like he just flagged her down and knew who she was . it is incredible that he rescued himself like that . ’ anyone with information about missing lillie should call the rspca on 0300 123 8018 .