barbie collectors mark your calendars : this saturday , the very first barbie doll will go on sale again in australia . incredibly , customers will be able to purchase the vintage-style doll for the original 1959 sale price of just $ 3.00 . myer have teamed up with mattel to re-produce the iconic dolls , which will be on sale at five of their stores across the country . retro : the original 1959 barbie doll has been reproduced and goes back on sale this saturday in australia . the first 100 customers at each of the melbourne , sydney , perth , brisbane , and adelaide city stores on saturday april 11 at 9am can snap up the collectors ' items for the special heritage price . for those who miss out on the promotion , the dolls will be on sale for $ 34.95 thereafter . the dolls are newly produced but modelled on the original barbie doll that was first released at the new york toy fair in 1959 . iconic : the dolls are newly produced but modelled on the original barbie doll that was first released at the new york toy fair in 1959 . fifties fashion : the doll features a black and white striped one-piece swimsuit , black heels , gold hoop earrings and white sunglasses . the doll features a black and white striped one-piece swimsuit , black heels , gold hoop earrings and white sunglasses . ' barbie is a true icon and one of a handful of toys that transcends generations , ' said myer chief merchandise & marketing officer and deputy ceo , daniel bracken . ' there is a real nostalgia around barbie that passes down from parents to their children and i think all of our customers - big kids and little kids alike - will love that we 're bringing back the original barbie to myer , with her cool retro style that everyone can enjoy . special offer : myer city stores in melbourne , sydney , perth , brisbane , and adelaide will offer the first 100 customers the doll for the original 1959 price of $ 3.00 . ' we 're expecting a lot of interest especially as 500 lucky myer customers around the country will be able to purchase the original barbie at her original 1959 price of $ 3.00 . ' ' the original barbie doll remains an iconic image for the brand but not one we readily reproduce , so when we wanted to create something special for australia this was a natural choice , ' added evelyn mazzocco , general manager and senior vice president of barbie . ' the original doll was an enormous success , selling out quickly and creating an immediate demand for more and in fact , today barbie is the number one girl 's toy brand in the world . '