a texas english high school teacher has been arrested after being accused of having an improper relationship with a male student older than 17 years old . mary todd lowrance , 49 , a teacher at moises e molina high school , turned herself into dallas independent school district police on thursday morning , according to dallas isd police chief craig miller . miller said the teacher had been in a relationship with the student for a couple of months . officers learned of the alleged relationship after lowrance disclosed details to a coworker who then alerted a dallas isd officer . mary todd lowrance ( above ) , 49 , a texas english high school teacher was arrested after being accused of having an improper relationship with a male student over the age of 17 , according to authorities . if the student had been a juvenile , the case would have been handled by the dallas police department , miller told the dallas morning news . ' when you get 160,000 students and 10,000 teachers , you hear a lot of rumors , and you have to investigate all of them , ' said miller . ' and in this case , there was something to it . the student has been offered counseling . we 're doing everything we can for him as well . ' miller said that after lowrance 's coworker alerted authorities , it prompted an investigation where interviews were conducted with lowrance , the student and two witnesses . the dallas isd police then got an arrest warrant . miller said lowrance has been on leave for several weeks while investigators worked on the case , according to nbcdfw . after she turned herself into authorities , she was booked into the dallas county jail around 11am on thursday on a $ 5,000 bond and was released at 4.40pm , according to county records . calls made to the dallas independent school district police on friday were not immediately returned to daily mail online . lowrance , a teacher at moises e molina high school ( file photo above ) , turned herself in on thursday morning and was released at 4.40pm , according to county records .