a massachusetts police department was forced to pay a $ 500 bitcoin ransom to hackers who encrypted vital records on their computer network . tewksbury police department came under attack by criminals who infected their network with a form of internet malware in december before demanding money to decrypt the files . the program called cryptolocker infects through an e-mail and then scrambles the data on the computer . it caused police systems to be down between four and five days , according to tewksbury town crier . tewksbury police department ( above ) came under attack by hackers which encrypted their computers ' files using a malware program called cryptolocker . they were forced to pay a $ 500 in bitcoinransom . the only files that were not corrupted were 18 months old , so cops were left paying the ransom in the untraceable digital currency or they risked losing the data forever , according to the boston globe . ' nobody wants to negotiate with terrorists . nobody wants to pay terrorists , ' police chief timothy sheehan told the town crier . ' we did everything we possibly could . ' it was an eye opening experience , i can tell you right now . it made you feel that you lost control of everything . paying the bitcoin ransom was the last resort . ' police chief timothy sheehan said : ' it made you feel that you lost control of everything . paying the bitcoin ransom was the last resort ' . the department was hit with the ransomware on december 7 when access to the infected computers became restricted and a payment was required to recover the files . police became aware of the malware infection the following day . computers were hit with a more recent form of cryptolocker that authorities did not have the key to , said sheehan . it is believed that the officer in charge 's computer became infected and the virus traveled to the largest store of data on the network which held files including arrest logs , motor vehicle records , calls for service and records management , according to the town crier . cryptolocker is malware that is often installed on computers at the same time . cryptolocker locks your computer , encrypts files and demands a ransom for them to be unlocked . computers can become corrupted through phishing emails that include malicious attachments and pop-up ads . according to reports from last year , the u.s. government admitted that at least one police force has been forced to pay a $ 750 ransom to release sensitive files . when a tewksbury officer tried to access the data , a demand for $ 500 was sent from a web address and account that is untraceable by authorities including the fbi and national security agency . after this sort of infection occurs there are only two options which include accessing the most recent back-up or paying the ransom . as tewksbury 's back-up was corrupted they were forced to pay the ransom , but sheehan also noted that the malware infection was not a data breach . ' this is n't a breach . [ the data ] stays interior , but this virus encrypts it and prevents it from being readable , ' sheehan told the town crier . tewksbury is not the first police department to be a victim of ransomware in the u.s . similar incidents have occurred involving swansea police department which paid a $ 750 ransom in november 2013 , according to town crier . police in midlothian , illinois most recently paid a $ 500 ransom in january .