a 96-year-old paedophile became britain 's oldest prisoner after he was jailed for the historic sexual abuse of two young girls . gaston pinsard was sentenced to 18 months behind bars after he admitted carrying out the assaults more than 50 years ago . the 96-year-old , who claimed he was himself abused at a notorious jersey children 's home , first targeted his victims when they were just five-years-old . frail gaston pinsard , 96 , is thought to be britain 's oldest serving prison . a judge branded the historic case ' distressing ' and ' unpleasant ' as he jailed the frail father-of-four . guernsey 's royal court heard that pinsard was born in 1919 and claimed he had endured years sexual abuse at the haut de la garenne children 's home . the jersey home came under intense scrutiny in 2008 after police took statements from 192 alleged victims of historic child abuse . pinsard joined the army after leaving haut de la garenne , where he realised his sexual outlook and experiences were different to other peoples . the court heard he later indecently assaulted the two young girls through curiosity and naivety . the abuse began in 1951 , and the court was told the victims did not report what was happening because they were too young to understand what was happening and that they trusted mr pinsard . he was first questioned by guernsey police officers last year and immediately confessed to carrying out the abuse over a nine year period . the court heard how pinsard touched the first girl on numerous occasions between 1951 and 1955 , and the second between 1964 and 1969 at his home in st sampson , guernsey . in a statement read out in court mr pinsard admitted he felt ashamed and knew at the time what he was doing was wrong but he could not control it . pinsard was married with four children at the time of the offences , which took place over a period of nine years and only stopped when he decided to ' stop his filthy habit ' . he explained to the court how he ' did n't want to hurt any children ' . his wife has now passed away , but pinsard was accompanied to court by his son . at an earlier hearing the defendant , who uses a hearing aid , admitted nine charges of indecent assault . the haut de la garenne children 's home in jersey , where the paedophile claims he was abused as a young boy . pinsard 's defence asked the court to exercise extreme caution , suggesting it would be difficult for the prison to accommodate his needs and medication . in sentencing , judge russell finch acknowledged it was ' a difficult situation ' and took his age and health into account , stating that a younger man would have received between seven and nine years . accounting for the risk of the defendant becoming ill and dying in prison , mr finch sentenced pinsard to two 18-month sentences in les nicolles prison , which will run concurrently . the prison officers association have said they believed pinsard is the oldest serving prisoner in the british isles . pinsard was jailed for 18 months by judge russell finch at guernsey 's royal court ( pictured ) .   