shaun bryan - who was the intended target of the shot which paralysed little thusha kamaleswaran in 2011 - was jailed for another crime this week . the criminal who dodged the bullet that paralysed five-year-old thusha kamaleswaran in a botched gangland hit has been jailed . shaun bryan , 23 , was the intended target of the shooting that shocked the nation in march 2011 . thusha , who had been was playing in the aisle of her uncle 's shop in stockwell , south london , was caught in the crossfire when two gangs clashed . bryan has now been jailed for a separate crime in which he and an accomplice subjected two women to a ' ruthless attack ' in their home in croydon , south london on december 17 last year . he and 20-year-old gino sawyers threatened the women at knifepoint before stealing mobile phones , a laptop and cash . they were both sentenced at croydon crown court after pleading guilty to aggravated burglary . thusha was hit in the chest and the bullet passed through the seventh vertebra of her spine in 2011 . chilling cctv footage showed the girl , then five , skipping and dancing in one of the aisles of the shop when she was shot . she went into cardiac arrest twice , and had to undergo emergency surgery in the shop and in hospital . doctors feared that she would never be able to move her legs again - but she has since regained feeling in both legs , raising hopes that she might one day be able to walk . thusha kamaleswaran , pictured left in a documentary , was paralysed in 2011 when gang members shot at bryan . cctv showing thusha falling to the ground in the shop where the shooting which shocked britain took place . in bryan 's most recent crime , police officers used a mobile phone tracking app to trace him and his accomplice but lost the pair when they dropped the items they stole . the met 's dog unit was called in and an alsatian called jacob helped hunt down the pair . both men were sentenced to six years and three months , with bryan , of stockwell , jailed and sawyers , of no fixed abode , sent to a young offenders ' institution . investigating officer detective constable john davis said : ' this burglary was of a particularly violent nature , the men subjected the two victims to a ruthless attack by threatening them with knives and violence in their own home . ' bryan was previously sentenced to two years and four months in a young offenders ' institution in 2012 after pleading guilty to eight counts of supplying heroin and cocaine at the inner london crown court . bryan and his accomplice in his latest crime , gino sawyers ( left ) , were stopped by police dog jacob ( right ) . 