the amount of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , the corporation’s boss has admitted . figures show that while millions still tune in , they listen for much shorter bursts . the average listener spent just ten hours a week tuning in to bbc radio in the last three months of 2014 , according to official figures . the length of time people spend listening to bbc radio has dropped to its lowest level ever , figures show . this was 14 per cent down on a decade earlier , when listeners clocked up an average of 11.6 hours a week . the minutes of the bbc trust’s february meeting , published yesterday , revealed that director general tony hall highlighted the fall . ‘ he noted…that time spent listening to bbc radio had dropped to its lowest ever level , ’ the documents said . sources blamed the downward trend on people leading faster-paced lives than in the past , and a change in habits amongst young people . lord tony hall , bbc director general , highlighted the decline to the bbc trust , according to minutes of its february meeting . many people who used to listen to radio as a daily habit now turn to online streaming services such as spotify for their music fix . that problem is likely to grow , as apple develops its long-rumoured streaming service . a bbc spokesman said : ‘ the number of people listening to bbc radio stations and audience appreciation levels are as high as ever . ‘ but time spent listening has inevitably been affected by digital competition and as people ‘ tune in’ in new , digital ways . ‘ [ those ways ] aren’t reflected in the traditional listening figures quoted here – like watching videos from radio shows or listening to podcasts . ’ bbc radio is still reaching 65 per cent of the population each week , according to the last set of figures available from rajar , the organisation which measures radio audiences . but although that figure feels relatively healthy by today’s standards , it has none the less fallen by more over the last decade . in the final three months of 2004 , 66 per cent of people in britain listened to bbc network radio every week . lord hall also used the bbc trust meeting to note the strong performance of bbc radio 6 , the digital music station which the corporation had at one point been planning to scrap . ‘ he reported that the recent rajar figures showed that 6music had become the first digital-only station to reach two million listeners , ’ the minutes said . earlier this month , matthew postgate , the bbc’s chief technology officer , said the corporation would adopt a new ‘ digital first’ strategy , to help it target a new generation of users . he said the organisation needed to ‘ learn lessons’ if they want to ‘ compete with organisations that were born in the digital age’ . 