a japanese woman has become the latest holidaymaker to face criminal charges in italy for defacing a historic landmark . the 48-year-old tourist was stopped by police after she wrote her name and the date on the dome of the florence cathedral . she used an eyeliner pencil to leave her mark on the marble on monday morning , but it did not leave any permanent damage , italian newspaper la nazione reported . officials said the tourist used an eyeliner pencil to write her name and the day 's date on the cathedral 's dome . staff from museo dell’operate del duomo , a museum which houses artefacts from the cathedral , alerted police , who located the woman and charged her through an interpreter . completed in 1436 , the cathedral is the fourth largest cathedral in the world and one of the most popular tourist attractions in tuscany . now a unesco world heritage site , its famous renaissance dome was designed by architect filippo brunelleschi and added in the 15th century . it’s the second time in four weeks that italian police have charged a holidaymaker for defacing one of the country’s top landmarks . italian media said the make-up pencil did not leave any permanent marks , but the woman was charged . in march two american tourists were arrested for carving their initials into the colosseum in rome . the women , aged 21 and 25 , carved a ‘j’ and ‘n’ into a brick wall at the unesco world heritage site and then posed for a selfie . other visitors saw what had happened and alerted security , with police charging the pair with ‘ aggravated damage on a building of historical and artistic interest’ , according to reports . with millions of visitors every year , florence has had its fair share of problems with misbehaving tourists in recent years . last year an american holidaymaker was caught peeing in piazza santa croce , a historic square , just a few months before two visitors were spotted having sex against a wall near palazzo vecchio , the town hall , according to the local . in 2013 , an american tourist upset locals when he accidentally snapped the finger off a 600-year-old statue of the virgin mary at museo dell'opera del duomo ( museum of the works of the cathedral ) . the 55-year-old man , from new fairfield , connecticut , was attempting to compare his finger to that one the statue when the digit broke off .