at a quick glance , robert mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings when he arrived into south africa for a state visit today . however , upon closer inspection , it was apparent that the photograph emerged after a bit of camera trickery , and the longer hairdo and dangly earrings did in fact belong to a woman stood directly behind him . the comical image emerged amid claims the president of zimbabwe is lining up his 24-year-old daughter to succeed him . scroll down for video . at a glance , zimbabwean president robert mugabe appeared to be sporting a new hairstyle and even a pair of earrings when he arrived into south africa for a state visit today , but it was in fact just a cleverly taken shot . it is not the first time an amusing image of the 91-year-old dictator has surfaced , with one of him falling down podium steps becoming an internet sensation earlier this year . the photo , which showed the president taking a tumble after addressing supporters at harare airport , was turned into numerous memes showing him in imagined circumstances , such as part of beyonce 's single ladies choreography , surfing or running from security forces . however , mugabe failed to see the funny side and reportedly had no fewer than 27 bodyguards suspended for failing to stop his embarrassing fall . mugabe arrived into pretoria , south africa today for a three-day state visit to the country amid ongoing speculation that his daughter will assume the position of president after him . he had originally planned for his wife grace to replace him but , due to her deteriorating health , mugabe is now said to be keen for his daughter bona to step up . last year , mugabe promoted his wife to a senior position within his ruling zanu-pf party where she led a vicious campaign to remove former vice-president joice mujuru from office . mujuru was long considered a likely successor to mugabe but she fell out with the veteran leader late last year and was sacked as vice-president in december . it is not the first time an amusing image of the 91-year-old dictator has emerged , with one of him falling down podium steps outside zimbabwe 's harare airport ( pictured ) becoming an internet sensation earlier this year . the photograph , which showed the president taking a fall , was turned into numerous memes , including one which super-imposed him onto kim kardashian 's iconic ' break the internet ' cover for paper magazine . other memes which quickly circulated online showed mugabe taking part in athletics alongside usain bolt . mugabe reportedly had no fewer than 27 bodyguards suspended for failing to stop his embarrassing fall . last week , the ruling zanu-pf party expelled mujuru altogether for allegedly plotting against the president . the 59-year-old was accused of ' plotting to unconstitutionally remove president robert mugabe from office ' , according to a statement from simon khaya-moyo , spokesman for the zimbabwe african national union-patriotic front . she was also accused of ' orchestrating factionalism in the party thereby causing acrimonious divisions ' and ' engaging in activities that smack of corruption ' . her allies in government were also fired and expelled from zanu-pf after mugabe himself accused her of plotting to oust him . it left experts believing his wife may follow in his footsteps but the 49-year-old has fallen severely ill in recent months and has been taking regular trips to singapore for medical treatment . in her absence , his daughter bona has now taken a more prominent role at the zimbabwean president 's side at official events and trips . it is claimed that president robert mugabe ( centre ) wants his 24-year-old daughter bona ( left ) to succeed him . last month , photographs emerged showing her with mugabe - who is also in poor health - as part of a state delegation that held talks with japan 's prime minister . the move sparked furious criticism from opposition parties and political analysts but a zanu-pf spokesman insisted the move was not politically motivated . in an interview with nehanda radio , psychology mazivisa said : ' madam bona mugabe has not done anything nearly as much . ' we refuse to buy into the narrative that for as long as it 's president mugabe doing it , no matter how perfectly lawful it is , it 's wrong ... it 's a barbaric way of doing politics . ' but a spokesman for the opposition mdc party said it clearly showed ' that the state has been virtually privatised by the mugabe dynasty ' .