when nic newling recalls his childhood , he remembers misleading highs and deep depressions where the only option he could see for himself was committing suicide . but it was the unexpected and tragic death of his teenage brother , christopher , who killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses , which helped put his life back into perspective . now , the 28-year-old is using his story of loss and confusion - in which he moved between doctors and psychiatric wards and was fed various concoctions of prescriptive medication before finally being diagnosed with bipolar disorder - to raise awareness of mental illness . mental health advocate nic newling struggled through the confusing highs and depressing lows of an undiagnosed bipolar disorder between the ages of 13 and 18 . it was the unexpected and tragic death of his older , teenage brother christopher ( pictured right with nic left ) , who killed himself amidst his own quieter battle with mental illnesses , which helped put his life back into perspective . academically driven from a young age , nic said that the time he was eight years old , he had planned his whole life out in his mind with the intention of becoming a vet . ' i got into a high school with a scholarship ; at that point i was really happy for the first six months , but i pushed myself too hard and put an unrealistic amount of pressure on myself and just crashed . what it looked like was not having any other interests , being snappy and grumpy and angry - which are all things that are not like me at all , ' he told daily mail australia . his bad moods progressed into forms of anxiety and depression and what nic described as an ' overwhelming sadness that did n't come from any particular place ' , before taking on a level of psychosis . ' when things first started getting bad , i was experiencing symptoms of agitation , panic attacks , i was withdrawing from friends and life and not finding pleasure in the things that i used to find pleasurable , i was experiencing what i thought was ocd behaviors and i started thinking i was hearing things that were n't real , ' he said . both nic ( left ) and christopher ( centre , with eldest brother ben right ) suffered from mental health problems at the same time . unlike nic ( left ) , christopher ( with ben right ) was not as open about his emotions and his anxiety and depression . his death came as a shock to the family who had been focusing on nic 's struggles . ' it was so hard to work at school because of the nature of the condition : it can have cognitive impairments , so i 'd go from reading nonstop to not being able to listen to a word the teacher was saying . ' i 'd literally just sit there in class and just fantasize about different ways i could kill myself with different objects in the room . ' by year eight , nic had admitted himself into a psychiatric ward - a move that marked the beginning of years of confusions and various treatments including electroconvulsive therapy - in a desperate bid to rid himself of his confusing emotions . ' on average , statistics show that it takes 20 years for someone with bipolar to go from having the symptoms to being diagnosed - and that 's not even treating it , ' nic said . ' compared to that , i 'm one of the lucky ones . ' a high achiever from a young age , nic ( pictured left and right ) ' crashed ' after pushing himself too hard in the first year of high school . his anxiety and depression progressed into a type of psychosis and he soon admitted himself into a psychiatric ward for almost nine months . but along with the cold , stale , square rooms , the psychiatric wards offered a surprising comfort : other people who were not afraid to talk about mental illness . ' i really liked that psych ward . i did n't want to leave because i met so many people there from different backgrounds and religions and with different ideas about the world … and the reason i really got along with these guys was because it was the first time i had met other people with mental health issues and that it was such a non-issue . ' they 'd be like `` what have you got ? '' and i 'd say `` i think i have psychosis or depression '' and they 'd just say `` ok , cool . do you want to play nintendo now ? '' that planted the seed a little bit : maybe talking about this stuff is really helpful , not damaging . ' the level of support and acceptance of mental health problems that nic experienced was a far cry from the experience of his older brother christopher . ' everyone was really worried about me being suicidal because it was such a measured thought-out decision for me - i was sort of at the point where i was convinced there was no point in living but could n't deal with the guilty because my family had been so good to me , ' nic said . ' it was so hard to work at school because of the nature of the condition : it can have cognitive impairments , so i 'd go from reading nonstop to not being able to listen to a word the teacher was saying . i 'd literally just sit there in class and just fantasize about different ways i could kill myself with different objects in the room ' . it took at least another two years after his brother 's death before nic ( pictured ) was correctly diagnosed with bi-polar and set on the correct path of treatment , but not without another stint in a psych ward and doctor 's experimenting with every drug for depression under the sun . ' then chris ended up killing himself when i had just turned 16 and he was just shy of 18 . ' he had his heart set on being a professional rugby player but had some problems with his legs and had to get surgery . he was bed ridden for a while and that made his depression and anxiety a lot worse because he pretty much just lived for rugby . ' he became withdrawn : he would n't talk about his depression . i was open about it to close friends and family whereas he would really keep it close to his chest because he had a lot more to lose socially - he was an alpha-male , jock , lovable larrikin and athletic type and i think he really felt that if he would have talked about having depression and anxiety it would made him look like less of a man . devastated by the unexpected turn of events , nic 's eldest brother was left to organize christopher 's funeral while his mother became a recluse and the rest of the family tried to shield nic from the event , desperate to avoid another tragedy . christopher 's ( left and right ) mental health problems peaked after a surgery that left him bed ridden and unable to play rugby : ' he would really keep it close to his chest because he had a lot more to lose socially - he was an alpha-male , jock , lovable larrikin and athletic type and i think he really felt that if he would have talked about having depression and anxiety it would made him look like less of a man ' . ' we stopped having christmas that year because mum and dad could n't deal with that emptiness . ' after he died there were five chairs at the dinner table and only four people and you ca n't ignore that . we started having dinner in front of the television permanently because , what do you talk about ? how can you discuss anything and have that chair sitting there ? ' it took at least another two years after his brother 's death before nic was correctly diagnosed with bi-polar and set on the correct path of treatment , but not without another stint in a psych ward and doctor 's experimenting with every drug for depression under the sun . his death shattered their family : ' we stopped having christmas that year because mum and dad could n't deal with that emptiness , ' nic said ( pictured from a young age with his brothers and father ) . ' our first family christmas in a very long time , just last year ' : left to right ben and his son zach , mum , dad , nic 's best friend ryle , nic , and family friend daisy . ' i 'd had heaps of different meds for heaps of different diagnosis . i 'd had shock therapy when i was 16 which was once i 'd had every meds that existed for the condition and meant we were really scraping the bottom of the barrel by falling back on like 1960s meds , ' he said . ' but it was n't that the meds were n't working or the dosage was wrong , it was that i was being treatment for something i did n't have . ' ' now things are good . i take a small maintenance dose of medication , one pill a day , with no side effect : a mood stabilizer which just feels like taking a vitamin . i 've got a great job working in mental health , i live with my best friend , have a great girlfriend - i do n't want to say it 's perfect , but what a dramatic turnaround ! ' as an outspoken advocate for mental health and suicide prevention who advocates loudly about the importance of seeking help , nic aims to raise awareness about the importance of gps - the front-line of any mental health help and diagnosis - brushing up on mental illness research and data to improve diagnoses . as an outspoken advocate for mental health and suicide prevention who advocates loudly about the importance of seeking help , nic aims to raise awareness about the importance of gps - the front-line of any mental health help and diagnosis - brushing up on mental illness research and data to improve diagnoses . ' i 'd also love to see people seeking help , talking about it and not being afraid , humiliated or ashamed . it 's the only way to reduce stigma and make it not a big scary shameful thing . ' you 're not a freak , a lot of people have these feelings and we 're only doing ourselves a disservice by pretending we do n't have problems , and they 're actually really treatable . ' nic newling 's full story can be viewed on abc 's australian story on monday april 13 , 8pm . missing christopher , an award winning novel about nic 's brother written by his mother jayne , can be found here . if you or someone you know needs assistance , call lifeline on 13 11 14 . 