three women who were filmed twerking in front a second world war memorial in russia have been jailed for hooliganism . in a youtube video , six dancers are seen performing the provocative and popular move along to music while stood in front of the malaya zemlya monument in novorossiysk , southern russia . prosecutors said their ' erotic and sexual twerk dance ' was disrespectful to those who fought in the war and jailed two of the women for ten days and a third for 15 days . scroll down for video . ' hooliganism ' : three women have been jailed after releasing a video of their dance group twerking in front of the malaya zemlya monument in novorossiysk , southern russia . two others escaped with fines , while another dancer avoided punishment altogether as she was under 16 - with a reprimand being handed down to her mother instead . according to the bbc , prosecutors said : ' this incident of disrespect for the memory of war history is unacceptable and any attempts to desecrate sites of military glory will be stopped immediately . ' the youtube video currently has more than 400,000 views and sees the six dancers performing a well-choreographed one and a half minute routine . after surfacing earlier this week , it was brought to the attention of the mayor of novorossiysk , where the women are from . the mayor was said to be ' outraged ' and personally charged officials with identifying the names of the performers - who posted the video to attract new recruits to their modern dance school . ' we condemn these women . every inch of this land is covered in blood . it is inappropriate , ' said viktoriya dikaya , the press secretary for the city 's education department . recruitment video : the one minute 30 second clip was posted by the women to encourage people to join their dance school . punished : two of the girls were jailed for ten days , while a third was sentenced to 15 days in prison . two others were fined , while the sixth dancer escaped punishment as she was under 16 . prosecutors are now said to be carrying out checks at the institutions where the women , who were all under 30 , are enrolled , to make sure they are in compliance with ' programs aimed at ensuring respect for the law among their members ' , reports rt.com . the malaya zemlya memorial , completed in 1982 , commemorates a battle to free novorossiysk from german occupation in 1943 . the women 's sentences come as russia prepares to mark the 70th anniversary of the second world war victory . the incident comes just weeks after russian officials closed down a dance school after footage emerged of teenage students performing hip-thrusting moves on stage . the video clip , entitled winnie the pooh and the bees , showed a group of teenage girls dancing in striped leotards , long socks and mini-skirts at the orenburg dance school in southwest of the country . condemned : prosecutors said the women 's ' erotic and sexual twerk dance ' was disrespectful to those who fought in the second world war . increased sensitivity : the women 's sentences come as russia prepares to mark the 70th anniversary of the second world war victory . a committee is currently investigating whether the hip-thrusting performance amounts to negligence or even ' debauched action ' - punishable by a range of sanctions from community service to three years behind bars . in 2012 , members of the russian punk band pussy riot were jailed after performing a protest song in moscow 's main cathedral - also on charges of hooliganism . nadezhda tolokonnikova and maria alyokhina were not released until the end of 2013 after their act was seen as ' hooliganism motivated by religious hatred ' . historical site : the dancers performed at the malaya zemlya memorial , completed in 1982 to commemorate a battle to free novorossiysk from german occupation in 1943 . recent controversy : just weeks ago , russian officials closed down a dance school in orenburg after students posted this twerking video to youtube .