a former model had to be restrained by police after being caught driving - having downed a bottle of wine before she got behind the wheel . monica mcdermott , 41 , could not walk straight when police stopped her black lexus on a road in macclesfield , cheshire . the mother-of-one refused to give a breath sample after coming to a halt on churchill way and had to be restrained when she tried to climb out of a police patrol car , a court heard . monica mcdermott , centre , during her modelling days . the 41-year-old had to be restrained by police after she was arrested for drink-driving . when officers breathalyzed her she was three times over the limit . mcdermott , now aged 41 , pleaded guilty to drink driving at macclesfield magistrates ' court . she told the court she had drank a bottle of wine while her son was away on a trip , adding : ' i was lonely ... i got myself in a state ' . when police finally managed to breathalyse her , she was three times the limit . mcdermott , who works for a marketing company , pleaded guilty to drink driving when she appeared at macclesfield magistrates ' court . it came after she avoided prison in 2012 when she crashed her car in nearby alderley edge while four times the legal limit . she was banned from driving for two years . monica mcdermott ( pictured ) could not walk straight when police stopped her lexus on a road in macclesfield , cheshire . prosecuting , debbie byrne said a police officer had to use an incapacitating spray when mcdermott tried to get out of the police car . she told the court : ' police received information about a black lexus driving all over the road and nearly hitting cars . ' the officer turned on the emergency lights but the car made no attempt to stop . he drove diagonally to block her way . ' she crept the car forward like she was trying to drive off . he reached inside to turn the engine off . when she got out she struggled to walk in a straight line . ' she refused to give a breath sample and tried to get out of the police car . the officer used captor spray and called officers to restrain her . ' mcdermott , of macclesfield , told magistrates she had been drinking more because she felt isolated after moving home . she said : ' my son was away on a trip and i was lonely . i had been drinking in the afternoon and got myself in a state . my friend said to go around and stay the night . ' i 'd had a bottle of wine but thought i 'd left enough time and would be ok . i could n't believe i got in this mess again . ' i could have harmed someone . i 'm embarrassed and ashamed . ' probation officer mike isherwood said mcdermott has had a series of traumatic life experiences . macclesfield magistrates ' court ( pictured ) banned mcdermott for driving for four years , but she escaped jail . adrian long , chairman of the bench , said : ' we 've listened to what you and mr isherwood said but it was a very high reading and you have a previous conviction . ' she was given an 18-month community order , alcohol rehabilitation programme , 120 hours unpaid work and was banned from driving for four years . probation officer mike isherwood said : ' her experiences in life have been chaotic . i do n't think she 'd cope well in prison . i 've not seen anyone with such low mood . '