ronald koeman 's message to his southampton players is a clear one : forget about the others , focus on yourselves and start scoring goals . the saints ' stellar season has stuttered in recent weeks , largely due to their impotence in front of goal . in their last 10 league matches they 've scored just seven times , resulting in a haul of 14 points from a potential 30 . southampton manager ronald koeman wants his team to rediscover their scoring form to make europe . southampton striker graziano pelle ( centre ) has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season . pelle 's struggles in front of goal could see him removed from the side to play hull on saturday . still , though , the south coast side are punching well above their weight and sit seventh in the premier league with 53 points from their 31 outings -- one point behind tottenham hotspur in sixth and liverpool in fifth . european football is the goal and , starting with hull city on saturday , saints have seven matches to chase that dream . ' you have to look at yourself and to do your best , ' koeman said on thursday . ' you have to have the ambition , spirit and quality . ' we have a little bit more difficulty in creating enough chances to score and we have to work on that . now the situation at the moment is that we are fighting for fifth , sixth and seventh position in the table and that 's still very good . ' we have a home game now and if you want to finish up in the table you have to win games like this . ' saints have failed to score in five of their last nine league matches , and koeman could be poised to recall senegalese striker sadio mane to the starting 11 . sadio mane ( left ) is pushing for a recall to the southampton side for the home game against hull . koeman is trying to lead southampton into the europa league and they are currently seventh on 53 points . koeman is looking for his best attacking combination and with graziano pelle continuing to misfire , winger mane could be called on to play up the middle . ' we need to have patience and we need to bring more quality in front ( of goal ) . then it 's all about the performance , ' koeman told the club 's youtube channel . hull are scrapping for their top-flight lives and will be tough to break down . the tigers are one place above the drop zone , two points clear of queens park rangers and burnley , and six above rock-bottom leicester . 