fired : major general james post iii was fired on friday after making a treason comment . an air force major general has been formally reprimanded and removed from his job for telling a group of officers that talking to congress in a bid to block retirement of the a-10 warthog amounted to ' treason , ' the air force said on friday . an investigation of remarks by major general james post iii , who was the vice commander of air combat command , found that his words to some 300 airmen at nellis air force base on jan. 10 may have had a ' chilling effect ' on some of them , convincing them not to speak with lawmakers . representative mac thornberry , chairman of the house of representatives armed services committee , said the air force action against post was ' important and correct . ' ' members of congress must be able to receive unfiltered facts and opinions from service members ... , ' he said in a statement . ' attempts to prevent or restrict that communication can not be allowed . ' the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the low-flying , tank-killer aircraft , which is highly regarded by ground troops for its ability to provide close air support . the plane has strong supporters among members of congress who have so far successfully blocked efforts to retire it . air force chief of staff general mark welsh , himself a former a-10 pilot , has said that given budget and personnel constraints , the air force needs to retire the plane to save money and free up people to learn to maintain the new f-35 joint strike fighter . post made his remarks while fielding questions the airmen . he was asked about the status of the a-10 and began to discuss budget constraints facing the department and the reason for the decision to retire the plane . a-10 retirement : the incident added fuel to a controversy over efforts to retire the a-10 , low-flying , tank-killer aircraft , which is highly regarded by ground troops for its ability to provide close air support . the inspector general 's investigation interviewed several witnesses who remembered post using the word ' treason ' to describe efforts to oppose the air force leadership 's decision to retire the plane , either via a social media campaign or by talking to congress . in his own written account , post said he told the group the air force did n't want to get rid of the plane but needed to because of budget constraints . he acknowledged using the word ' treason . ' general hawk carlisle , commander of air combat command , gave post a letter of reprimand due to the findings and removed him from his position as vice commander . post issued an apology on friday and said he did not intend to try to prevent people from talking to lawmakers . handed in a latter : general hawk carlisle , commander of air combat command , gave post a letter of reprimand due to the findings and removed him from his position as vice commander . 