notorious mass murderer peter sutcliffe , who has spent three decades in jail , is to be moved to a cushy low security unit , it has been claimed . the families of victims of yorkshire ripper peter sutcliffe are furious at plans to move him from broadmoor to a low-security priory unit . mass murderer sutcliffe has spent more than three decades in broadmoor for the savage killings of 13 women . but now , despite being one of the country’s most notorious serial killers , sutcliffe may be moved to a cushy priory unit set in berkshire woodland . sutcliffe is being lined up for the move after he expressed remorse and said he no longer hears the ' voices from god ' which he had blamed for his killing spree at his 1981 trial . a report is being compiled which will be heard next month at a prison tribunal which will rule if the move goes ahead . but families of his victims are furious about the move . neil jackson , whose mother emily , 46 , became the ripper 's second victim in 1976 , told the sun : ' he should not be moved at all . ' as he 's in broadmoor , he should stay there and they should throw away the key . this just rubs salt into the wounds of families and i believe any remorse he has shown is fake . ' a source at the prison told the newspaper sutcliffe was optimistic about the move - despite being previously turned down for a transfer to the unit which boasts facilities such as a fully-fitted gym and music room . plans of his referral follow allegations earlier this year that sutcliffe , who used weapons including a hammer , screwdriver and knives to mutilate women across the north of england , was enjoying an easy lifestyle in jail . scroll down for video . potential plans to move britain 's most notorious mass murderer from the high security broadmoor prison hospital to the priory . hospital : broadmoor 's corridors look ordinary , but it houses some of britain 's most disturbed individuals . he was said to be eating chocolate , watching television and listening to music , as well as being privileged to receive visitors four days a week who can stay for up to four hours . it was claimed he is also given money to spend in the psychiatric hospital’s shop , and attends a ceramics workshop and twice-weekly bible studies sessions . it has been claimed that sutcliffe is now a jehovah’s witness and was even given a baptism . in the evenings , he watches tv shows such as the x factor and i’m a celebrity ... get me out of here ! , the sun on sunday reported . a new image of a relaxed-looking sutcliffe – the first for 20 years – supports the cushy lifestyle claim . there has been little change to his distinctive appearance apart from an increase in weight and the greying of his hair and beard . he had ballooned with some reports estimating his weight at 19 or 20 stone , which is said to be down to a love of chocolate and burgers , and now sufferers from type 2 diabetes . sutcliffe is currently said to enjoy a cushy lifestyle in broadmoor eating chocolate , watching television and listening to music , it was claimed . the priory thornford park set in berkshire woodland . while officials refused to comment on the move , it is thought that sutcliffe would be transferred to a unit such as the priory thornford park . based just 30 miles from broadmoor , it is set in berkshire woodland and offers a fully equipped gym and running track , a music room and occupational therapy suite . a ' rehab kitchen ' and computer and education rooms are also amongst the high-end facilities at the unit . the red-brick building houses 122 men with mental illness , compared to broadmoor 's 210 , with a combination of low and medium secure beds . past residents include dangerous criminal john maguir , convicted for assault , who escaped by scaling a wall and child sex abuser peter pickering . its website states its users are ' among the most vulnerable members of society and require sensitive therapeutic interventions delivered in a healing environment that encourages self-awareness , knowledge and empowerment . ' the full list of facilities include : the former trucker , who notoriously targeted prostitutes during his five-year killing spree , has seen his health deteriorate in recent years . he had a hernia operation in 2013 and was reported to have suffered a heart attack . the murderer , who is already blind in one eye after a prison attack , was also told he could lose what remains of his sight within a year due to an eye condition . he had refused laser eye surgery as he fears it could cause him to lose his vision immediately . the claims about his lifestyle have angered victims’ families . roofer neil jackson , 56 , whose mother emily was sutcliffe’s second victim , said : ‘ he tore apart our family and this just looks like he’s being rewarded . he’s getting an easy life and he’s clearly enjoying every minute . i hope the lifestyle kills him . ‘ it doesn’t matter how many years go by , it doesn’t make the pain of what he did any easier . ’ peter sutcliffe , the yorkshire ripper , after an attack by another prisoner in 1982 with a broken coffee jar . sutcliffe has been in broadmoor since he was given 20 life sentences in 1981 . as well as the 13 women he killed , he tried to murder seven more in a five-year spree . the killer , who believed he was on a ' mission from god ' to kill sex workers , was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia in 1984 . he refused treatment until 1993 , when the mental health commission ruled that he should be given anti-psychotic medication forcibly . he has been attacked at least three times behind bars . the second assault put his right eye out and another inmate then unsuccessfully attempted to do the same for his left . it costs taxpayers more than £300,000 a year to detain him in broadmoor , at least five times the cost of a prison cell . last year his plea to be moved to a unit in his home county of west yorkshire was rejected . in 2010 , an appeal over his sentence that could have led to him applying for parole was rejected , with a high court judge saying he should never be released . the priory and the prison service declined to comment on the move while a spokeswoman for the department of health , which is responsible for the medical unit , said they would not comment on individual cases .