what was supposed to be a day spent visiting a famous earthwork sculpture soon turned into a massive rescue effort as 20 strangers joined forces to help rescue a dog out of a tar pit . with no cell phone reception to call for help , owner tom george had to leave his dog shelby stuck in a pool by the great salt lake 's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town . but , lucky for george , a family was willing to stay with shelby - and only more and more strangers followed as they heard his story . scroll down for video . twenty strangers joined forces to help rescue a dog named shelby out of a tar pit he had gotten stuck in near the shoreline of the great salt lake . as more people came , they began bringing items to try and help get shelby out , using grocery bags , car floor mats , tarp , garbage bags , a straw hat and even bare hands . ' the whole time i was driving i kind of figured there was already a really good chance he was already gone , ' george told fox 13 salt lake city . and at first the situation looked ' pretty hopeless ' , according to max mcgregor , whose family stayed with the dog . ' i was pretty sure that the back legs , the way they were positioned , they were going to snap right where the knee was , ' said mcgregor 's daughter chloe . todd tanner , a fox 13 reporter who was supposed to shoot video of the spiral jetty that day , said only shelby 's head was visible from the pit . he thought the dog was dying . but then a family who was visiting the shoreline with a photography group came over to help . and a huge group of friends from salt lake city jumped in as well . as more people came , they began bringing items to try and help get shelby out , using grocery bags , car floor mats , tarp , garbage bags , a straw hat and even bare hands . with no cell phone reception to call for help , owner tom george had to leave his dog shelby stuck by the great salt lake 's spiral jetty and drive an hour out to the nearest town . but the group was able to separate the dog from the tar , piece by piece , as they continued to put objects in to pit to keep shelby from getting stuck again or from continuing to sink lower into the pool of tar . shelby still could n't move after he was freed from the pits , so five people helped carry him to the road and saw that george had come back just in time . max mcgregor said that as they separated the dog from the tar piece by piece , they would continue putting objects in the pit to keep shelby from getting stuck again or continuing to sink . according to tanner , no one in the newly-formed group ' knew exactly what to do ' , but they worked for over an hour together to find a way to get shelby out . ' total strangers talked , and worked , shoulder to shoulder , and figured it out , ' he wrote in an exclusive for fox 13 salt lake city . ' they did n't know each other’s names , and they did n't care . they ruined their clothes , they interrupted their plans , and they made a memory to last a lifetime . and yes , they saved shelby . ' shelby still could n't move after he was freed from the pit , so five people helped carry him to the road and saw that george had come back just in time . veterinarians had to work on shelby for 6 to 8 hours that night and had to shave most of his hair off to remove more than 40lb of tar . george said that shelby 's brother rue stuck to his side , even sleeping next to him that first night after the accident.shelby ( right ) has since recovered and his once ' splendid coat ' is growing back as well . veterinarians worked on shelby for 6 to 8 hours that night and had to shave most of his hair off to remove more than 40lb of tar . george said that shelby 's brother rue stuck to his side , even sleeping next to him that first night after the accident . shelby has since recovered and his once ' splendid coat ' , as george described it , is growing back as well . as for his rescuers , they will always remember coming together to help shelby . ' you know what the best part is , though ? everybody that heard came and brought something and tried to help , and everybody had ideas , ' said cathy mcgregor . ' i mean there were 20 people out here trying to get this little dog out . ' shelby got stuck near the spiral jetty , an earthwork sculpture on a remote part of the great salt lake 's northeastern shore .