the mother of murdered schoolgirl april jones has revealed she receives hate mail blaming her for the killing of her five-year-old . coral jones , 43 , whose daughter was snatched from outside her home in machynlleth , powys , had letters demanding her other children be taken into care . she was branded a ' bad mother ' for allowing april to play in the street past 7pm where she was abducted and killed by paedophile mark bridger . scroll down for video . coral jones , pictured with her husband , paul , 46 , has revealed she has been sent hate mail blaming her for the murder of her five-year-old daughter april and demanding her other children are taken into care . mrs jones said : ' we had a letter with no name on it and no address to write to , saying i was a bad mother and it was my fault and i should n't have my other children with me . ' yes , i blame myself every day for it but unless they live in my shoes they have no right to tell me i am a bad mother . ' she admitted that she blames herself for letting april stay out on her bike ' for an extra 15 minutes ' after getting a good school report that day in october 2012 . bridger , 49 , who took her to his cottage nearby and killed her , was jailed for life in 2013 but despite the largest police search in british history her body has never been recovered . april jones , left , was abducted from outside her home by mark bridger , right , who was jailed for life in 2013 . mrs jones and husband paul , 46 , told bbc wales programme week in week out they have battled to live a normal life for their two children jazmin , 19 , and harley , 12 , after the tragedy . since the loss of her daughter , mrs jones has suffered from agroraphobia and will not leave the house on her own . mr jones said : ' it is not often she will go anywhere on her own . even just to pop down the shops one of the kids will go with her or i will go with her or she will call a friend . ' mrs jones added : ' i get frightened and feel unsafe that people come up to me . i know they mean no harm but when people come up to me and i am feeling frightened , i ca n't cope . ' she admitted that the only place in her town she feels comfortable is april 's favourite local sweet shop . ' he [ bridger ] did n't just take april away from us - he took her away from the town , ' she said . ' i should n't be like this because of him but i can not help it . ' april 's older sister jazmin explained her family were still struggling to come to terms with her murder . the family has said they have struggled to come to terms with april 's death . coral and paul jones are pictured with their eldest daughter , jazmin , 19 , ( left ) and 13-year-old harley ( second left ) . she said : ' one day i could be really happy and dad could be really upset and we would argue , we would shout at each other . we would want to hit someone or something just to get the anger out . ' the jones ' have launched a campaign to highlight the growing problem of internet abuse after their daughter 's killer was found to have accessed child abuse images online hours before her death . mr jones told the bbc he thought part of preventing the issue rested with potential offenders , who should identify themselves to authorities to get support . he said : ' if you have got the notion that you like kids like that or anything like that , if you go and ask for help then you deserve a chance . but if you do n't ask for help and you commit a crime then you are a paedophile . ' last year , the jones family joined madeleine mccann 's parents , gerry and kate , to back the nationwide child rescue alert with the charity missing people .