muslim communities in parts of britain have a ' cultural problem ' where they view women as commodities to be abused , according to the culture secretary . sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were ' totally unacceptable in british society ' . his comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by asian men in rochdale , rotherham and oxford found that the authorities had failed to protect them . sajid javid declared some values prevalent in certain asian communities were ' totally unacceptable in british society ' . mr javid told the daily telegraph a ' misplaced sense of political correctness ' prevented police and social workers from properly investigating claims of abuse . mr javid said : ' well , first of all the perpetrators were disproportionately asian muslim men , and i absolutely think there has been a misplaced sense of political correctness that prevented authorities , whether social workers or police , from properly investigating what was going on . ' if we are to learn proper lessons from this , we have to look at the cultural side of some communities in britain and see why it is that in some communities there are men that have a view of women that is completely unacceptable in modern british society . why do they have such a low value of women that they see them as commodities to be abused ? ' the tory minister said the authorities had to ' get to the bottom of this ' and emphasised that ' we have to look at the cultural aspects of it ' . the tory minister 's comments come after inquiries into the sexual abuse of vulnerable girls targeted by asian men in rochdale , rotherham and oxford found that the authorities had failed to protect them . he urged asian communities to look into ' what might be going on that we do n't know about ' . mr javid said : ' we can no longer be held back in any sense by political correctness . ' i know plenty of people , british muslims , men and women , who would 100 per cent agree with that , not only out of a sense of shame but also because of the fear of what else might be going on . some of the values that certain people in some communities have , in their attitudes to women or on the question of freedom of expression , are just totally unacceptable in british society . ' we do no one any favours when we do n't investigate or talk about them . ' mr javid revealed in a speech to the union of jewish students in 2014 that he had experienced racism at school . he said he was called a ' paki ' by a classmate . he said : ' i did what any cool , calm future cabinet minister would do . i hit him . and then he hit me , and i hit him back and things sort of went downhill from there . ' mr javid , whose background is remarkably different to many of his colleagues , has been tipped as a future tory leader . his parents came to britain from pakistan in 1961 . his father , abdul-ghani , worked in a cotton mill before getting a job as a bus conductor . 