'plus-size ' model laura wells has revealed the extreme dieting measures taken by her model roommates to prepare for fashion week . the size 14 beauty lived with a group of standard ' skinnier ' models during her stint working in new york , and says that their agents instructed them to stick to a diet of ' one cracker and a couple of glasses of water ' . ' it goes to the extremes , ' wells told the australian women 's weekly . ' no food being eaten , prescription dietary pills , agents telling girls that they 're only allowed to have one cracker and a couple glasses of water leading up to fashion week per day . ' scroll down for video . shocking : laura wells ( left ) spoke to australian women 's weekly about the pressure put on her ' skinnier ' model room mates to not eat ahead of fashion week . ' it 's completely unhealthy , not only for their body but mentally as well . ' laura told aww editor helen mccabe that her model friends would then compare themselves to her , who was working non-stop despite eating what she likes . ' these girls are going to extremes to look like that , and then not being booked for any jobs , ' she said . ' and then living with a plus size model who 's working every single day and comparing themselves to me . ' i eat healthy , i work out , but i 'll let myself have a treat every now and then and have a glass of wine . healthy and happy : wells says her room mates , who struggled to book jobs , compared themselves to her as she was highly in-demand despite allowing herself treats . ' they could n't fathom the fact that they were putting themselves through so much stress and i was so happy with myself . ' wells ' comments comes days after france passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in paris fashion week . agents and fashion houses that hire them could also face fines under the new law , which was passed on april 3 . the move by france , with its fashion and luxury industries worth tens of billions of euros , comes after a similar ban by israel in 2013 , while other countries , like italy and spain , rely on voluntary codes of conduct to protect models . diet : laura ( pictured with sarah wilson , right ) revealed that there was ' no food being eaten , and prescription dietary pills ' being consumed by her model friends in new york . the measure is part of a campaign against anorexia by president francois hollande 's government . lawmakers also made it illegal to condone anorexia and said any re-touched photo that alters the bodily appearance of a model for commercial purposes must carry a message stating it had been manipulated . ' the activity of model is banned for any person whose body mass index ( bmi ) is lower than levels proposed by health authorities and decreed by the ministers of health and labour , ' the legislation says . the lawmaker behind the bill previously said models would have to present a medical certificate showing a bmi of at least 18 , about 55 kg ( 121 lb ) for a height of 1.75 metres ( 5.7 feet ) , before being hired for a job and for a few weeks afterwards . dangerous : wells ' comments come days after france passed a law banning excessively thin models from the catwalk , with agents and fashion houses to face fines and imprisonment if they do n't comply . the law , voted through the lower house of parliament by hollande 's socialist majority despite opposition by conservative parliamentarians , envisages imprisonment of up to six months and a fine of 75,000 euros ( $ 82,000 ) for any agency contravening it . in the aww video interview , laura wells recalls wanting to ' punch ' a model scout when they suggested she could get work as a plus-size model . the 177-centimetre beauty was studying science and law when she was spotted in new york city by talent scouts in 2005 . she said she felt insulted the first time she was asked to be a plus-sized model because of her misconceptions about the term . ' i thought they were calling me fat ' : laura also revealed that she was initially insulted by the suggestion she should be a plus-size model , and admits she wanted to punch the model scout . ' i wanted to punch everyone in the face ... [ i thought ] basically they were calling me fat , ' wells said . ' that was my perception of the word ' plus size ' , that people were calling me ' fat ' . ' wells said while she was a plus-sized model who was defined as someone who was ' four to six sizes bigger than a standard model ' , she was not 'plus-sized in reality ' . since then wells has gone to model for macy 's , bloomingdale 's , myer , david jones , berlei and asos . despite her career breakthroughs , she thinks people 's perception of body image still has a long way to go . ' it 's slowly changing but not to the extent where it needs to be , ' wells said . ' it needs to be at the point where it 's celebrated anymore ... why is n't it just seen as normal ? ' to watch the full interview , visit australian women 's weekly .   