peter moore ( above ) , from stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , received a letter from hm revenue and customs last week telling him he had died . a father-of-two has been sent a letter from the government telling him he is dead . peter moore was shocked after receiving the document from hm revenue and customs ( hmrc ) last week . the letter was addressed to the ' representative ' of peter william john moore and apologised for the family 's ' recent bereavement ' . it added that officials needed to sort out whether mr moore had paid enough - or too much - tax . the 47-year-old pottery factory worker , from stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , yesterday demanded an apology from the government . he said : ' i do n't know how that kind of mistake could have been made . ' i used to work away in the week so if that would have happened my wife could have really started to worry . ‘ she opened the letter when i was out of the house . fortunately i came back home about five minutes after she read it so she knew it was a mistake but that might not have always been the case . ' i rang the tax people and the lady on the other end said she could n't believe it . i was just really shocked , it 's just all a bit strange . ' mr moore 's wife debbie , an accounts assistant , said she was left ‘gobsmacked’ until her husband walked through the door . the 43-year-old added : ' it 's really not nice getting a letter from hmrc - especially when what they 're saying has n't really happened . i was gobsmacked . ' when i read it i thought it was a scam or some sort of joke . i showed it to pete when he came in and he got straight on the phone to the tax office . ' the letter from the government department read : ' i am sorry to hear about your recent bereavement and recognise that this is a difficult time for you . the letter was addressed to the ' representative ' of peter william john moore , pictured outside his home last week , and apologised for the family 's ' recent bereavement ' . it added that officials needed to sort out whether mr moore had paid enough - or too much - tax . dear sir/madam , estate of mr peter moore . i am sorry to hear of your recent bereavement and recognise that this is a difficult time for you . when someone dies , i need to work out if they paid the right amount of tax before their death . in many cases , hmrc repays tax to the estate . i need to know details of the person responsible for finalising their affairs . this person can be known as the executor , administrator or the personal representative . [ ... ] the personal representative may want to nominate somebody like a solicitor or an accountant to act on their behalf . if so , they can use the other side of this letter to do this . [ ... ] yours faithfully , derek hughes . deputy director , personal tax . ' when someone dies , i need to work out if they paid the right amount of tax before their death . in many cases , hmrc repays tax to the estate . ' i need to know details of the person responsible for finalising their affairs . ' a spokesman for hmrc said : ' we do n't talk about individual cases but when we make mistakes we aim to put them right fast and apologise . '