historians have unearthed nearly 2,000 perfectly preserved examples of poignant graffiti written on the walls of a cave 100 feet beneath the french countryside by doomed first world war soldiers just weeks before they were to join the fighting on the western front . the inscriptions were found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the horror of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the somme . the site 's proximity to the battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or wounded , adds to the discovery 's importance , with experts saying : ' it provides insight into how they found a sense of meaning in the conflict . ' scroll down for video . poignant : the names of 9th battalion australians ' g. fitzhenry of paddington , sydney and alistair ross of lismore are engraved on the walls of the former chalk quarry in naours , northern france and dated july 1916 . horror or war : the inscriptions were found in naours - a two-hour drive north of paris - and left for posterity by young men facing the doom of trench warfare a few dozen miles away at the somme . a direction sign engraved with the names of soldiers who went on to fight at the somme is seen at the site in naours , northern france . discovery : nearly 2,000 century-old inscriptions that have recently come to light at the former chalk quarry in naours , northern france . one inscription found in a rough-hewn passage 100 feet underground read : ' james cockburn 8th durham l.i . ' it 's cut so clean it could have been left yesterday . only the date next to it - april 1 , 1917 - roots it in the horrors of the first world war . the piece of graffiti is just one of nearly 2,000 century-old inscriptions that have recently come to light in naours . ' it shows how soldiers form a sense of place and an understanding of their role in a harsh and hostile environment , ' said historian ross wilson of chichester university in britain . etchings , even scratched bas-reliefs , were left by many soldiers during the war . but those in naours ' would be one of the highest concentrations of inscriptions on the western front ' that stretches from switzerland to the north sea , said wilson . photographer jeff gusky has tallied 1,821 individual names : 731 australians , 339 british , 55 americans , a handful of french and canadians and 662 others whose nationalities have yet to be traced . ' all these guys wanted to be remembered , ' gusky says , pointing out examples from texas and florida .  american soldier : this inscription reads ' ha deanate , 148th aero squadron , usa . 150 vermilyea ave , new york city ' . looking : jeffrey gusky , a photographer and physician from texas points at graffiti in theformer chalk quarry , in naours , northern france . history : the site 's proximity to the somme battlefields , where more than a million men were killed or wounded , adds to the discovery 's importance , with experts saying : ' it provides insight into how they found a sense of meaning in the conflict ' . painstaking : jeffrey gusky began photographing the site last december and has so far tallied 1,821 individual names : 731 australians , 339 british , 55 americans , a handful of french and canadians and 662 others whose nationalities have yet to be traced . naours ' underground city is a two-mile-long complex of tunnels with hundreds of chambers dug out over centuries in the chalky picardy plateau . during the middle ages villagers took shelter there from marauding armies crisscrossing northern france . by the 18th century the quarry 's entrance was blocked off and forgotten . in 1887 a local priest rediscovered the site and it eventually became a tourist attraction . that 's what likely drew the soldiers to it during the war , said gilles prilaux , an archaeologist for france 's national archaeology institute . gusky began a three-year study of the tunnels last july , intending to focus on the site 's medieval past - but stumbled on this more recent slice of history . ' it was a big surprise ' prilaux said of the discovery of the world war i graffiti left by soldiers from australia , britain , canada and the u.s . soldiers left similar inscriptions in tunnels at arras and vimy . but unlike those sites , naours is well back from the front lines . and it was n't known to have been used as a shelter or hospital like other western front quarries . naours ' underground city is a two-mile-long complex of tunnels with hundreds of chambers dug out over centuries in the picardy plateau . location : naours is only a few miles from vignacourt , a town used as a staging area for troops moving up to and back from the somme battlefields some 25 miles to the east . taking a break : experts believe the young soldiers from distant countries would have heard about the famous ' naours caves ' and taken advantage of a break from war to do some sight-seeing . surprise find : jeffrey gusky began a three-year study of the tunnels last july , intending to focus on the site 's medieval past - but stumbled on this more recent slice of history . naours is only a few miles from vignacourt , a town used as a staging area for troops moving up to and back from the somme battlefields some 25 miles to the east . prilaux thinks that the young soldiers from distant countries would have heard about the famous ' naours caves ' and taken advantage of a break from war to do some sight-seeing . that idea is backed by an entry in the diary of wilfred joseph allan allsop , a 23-year-old private from sydney , australia . ' at 1 p.m. 10 of us went to the famous caves near naours where refugees used to hide in times of invasion ' allsop wrote on jan. 2 , 1917 . wilson said the importance of studying graffiti like this has only emerged in the last 10 to 20 years . ' what were previously regarded as incidental acts that occur away from the battlefield have been shown to be highly important in understanding the lives of those who experienced the conflict , ' wilson said . one of the most moving inscriptions at naours was made by herbert john leach , a 25-year-old from adelaide . his inscription reads ' hj leach . merely a private . 13/7/16 . sa australia . ' barely a month after leach added his name to the wall he was killed in action on aug. 23 , 1916 , during the battle of pozieres . on his grave , in the australian cemetery in nearby flers , his father inscribed ' duty nobly done . '