take it away : raymond allen , who opened the first kfc franchise , said he thinks the restaurant is ' dreadful ' and wo n't eat there again . the businessman who brought kfc to the uk but has only ever eaten it once , says he will not go again and branded the fast-food chain ' dreadful . ' raymond allen - who is only a handful of people in the world to know its secret recipe - opened the first franchise in preston , lancashire , in 1965 . he had become a personal friend of harland ' the colonel ' sanders after meeting during a conference in chicago 50 years ago . mr allen still has a personal hand-written copy of the recipe which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices - and is a closely guarded secret by the firm . but the 87-year-old , from jersey in the channel islands , said the company has strayed so far from its original concept it 's been ' ruined ' and would never set foot in one again . he said : ' we have got one where i now live , but i would not go in there . i do n't use it and i think it is dreadful . the company has ruined the product . ' instead of staying with one good thing that was sellable , they have tried to compete with the other fast food units . they should have just stuck with the chicken . ' his wife shirley , 84 , said : ' we tried kfc only once about a year ago . ' we had the traditional original chicken but there were so many different products it was difficult to know what to order . i do n't think we will go back . ' after the chance meeting in chicago , mr allen helped sanders establish the uk side of his empire while he was still a small-time restaurant owner in louisville , kentucky . he also gave him valuable advice on the legal side of the business including patents and was paid to seek out suitable locations for other branches across the world . he said : ' the colonel was a very kind man , who was very forthright . ' but at the time we met he was a small-time southern state restaurant owner , and i knew a lot about patents or registered trademarks . ' we had heard about him before the meeting . but when we first met him , he had only one franchisee in america who sold the chicken as a menu item in his restaurant . ' we were in the fast food business and thought it would be the ideal product to sell in a takeaway . ' we had several wimpy bars so decided to convert them into kfc . that is what we did with the first one in preston . ' mr allen said he has a personal hand-written copy of the secret recipe for the unique taste of kfc chicken which is believed to be made up of 11 herbs and spices . he said : ' it is a lengthy recipe . i think there are 11 herbs and spices but i ca n't remember it off the top of my head so i could n't tell you even if i wanted to . ' dreadful ' : a kfc restaurant like the first one opened by mr allen in preston , lancashire . he said he ate one recently and found it ' dreadful ' . ' but it is locked away in a safe in a bank . we do n't really get asked much about it . not many people know about our involvement in it . ' we are a low key and private family and do n't often talk about it . i have no idea how much it is worth but i would never sell it . ' at the peak of mr allen 's expansion of the franchise , he was opening a new shop every week through cash flow . he said : ' we were in a race against time with mcdonalds as we both wanted to get the best sites . ' we wanted to expand a bit quicker than that so i walked the streets of london to go to a bank . ' we needed £100,000 trying to raise the money - but all the banks said there was no future in the business . ' his company kfc uk ltd , was eventually able to obtain a loan from heublein inc , a usa company which at the time owned smirnoff vodka . he said : ' they saw how well we were doing and lent us the money on condition that we sold the business once we had opened 100 units . that was what we did . ' mr sanders had started his kfc business in 1930 at a service station in corbin , kentucky , where he began cooking for hungry travellers who stopped there for fuel , using a secret recipe for the coating of the restaurant 's fried chicken . it became so popular that by 1935 the governor of kentucky made mr sanders a kentucky colonel in recognition of his promotion of the american state . following the meeting mr allen acquired the rights to expand the kfc franchise outside the us , and returned home with big plans . he said : ' it was slow to catch on at first because people did n't know what it was . ' in the uk in those days chicken was something you ate for sunday dinner . it was way before its time . we had to give it away to passers-by initially . ' we would only use fresh chickens , and they had to be two and a half pounds in weight . it was initially difficult to source the chickens because of the demand . ' in recognition of his achievements in business , mr allen was named a freeman of the city of london in 1979 and was commissioned a kentucky colonel in 1965 . mr and mrs allen sold the business in 1973 . 