the ‘ kate effect’ has put a bump in the profits of british fashion house seraphine with fans flocking to snap up items worn by the duchess of cambridge , including this £195 collarless cashmere coat . it has been the duchess of cambridge’s label of choice during her two pregnancies . and now the ‘ kate effect’ has put a bump in the profits of british fashion house seraphine . the online and high street firm has seen sales double in two years since the duchess was first spotted in one of its outfits . among the most popular royal choices was a £195 mist-blue collarless cashmere coat with faux pearl buttons . kate wore the natasha coat to a series of engagements in kensington in january and it instantly became such a hit with women – many of whom weren’t even pregnant – that it sold out in most sizes . the firm now sells it with the tagline ‘ worn by the duchess of cambridge’ and markets it as suitable for before , during and after pregnancy . other seraphine outfits in the duchess’s wardrobe include the £46 fuchsia wrap dress that she wore in the first official photograph of prince george nearly two years ago . a different type of kate effect is being seen outside the maternity unit where she is due to give birth . fans draped in union flags and carrying balloons and placards have already set up camp near the lindo wing at st mary’s hospital in paddington , central london . veteran royal supporter john loughrey , 60 , from wandsworth , south west london , has been there since april 1 . ‘i’m so excited i’m like a washing machine – i’m on full spin , ’ the former assistant chef told the mail yesterday . mr loughrey was the first to camp outside westminster abbey to secure a view of kate and william’s wedding , sleeping on the pavement for a week , and he slept on a bench outside the lindo wing waiting for prince george to arrive in 2013 . ‘i’d like to sleep on the pavement here , but the police are gently moving us on , ’ he told itv as he held a home-made sign that read : ‘ kate , don’t keep us waiting ! ’ another fan , terry hutt , 80 , carried placards saying ‘it’s a prince’ and ‘it’s a princess’ ready for the announcement of the royal arrival . although not officially confirmed , it is believed that the duchess is due to give birth this weekend . ahead of the birth , seraphine is already celebrating – and not just a doubling of turnover to £11.2million from £5.2million in 2013 . fans draped in union flags and carrying balloons and placards , including terry hutt ( left ) and john loughrey ( right ) , have already set up camp near the lindo wing at st mary’s hospital in paddington , central london . mr loughrey with maria scott ( left ) and amy thompson keeping a royal vigil outside the london hospital . another royal seal of approval will be announced today , with the firm given a queen’s award for enterprise in international trade – one of britain’s most prestigious business accolades . founder cecile reinaud said of the duchess’s patronage : ‘ kate has worn quite a few dresses from our range for special occasions during her second pregnancy . ' it is definitely extremely flattering when she chooses one of our dresses and makes a big impact . she has a classic style and is a fashion leader . she is a style inspiration for us as much as a customer . no one can beat her elegance . ’ french-born mrs reinaud , 41 , started the fashion house 12 years ago and as well as its hq near kensington palace it has several stores in london and one in new york . other famous names to wear the brand include zara phillips , angelina jolie , halle berry , kate hudson , kate winslet and model claudia schiffer .