the probe into the suicide of a 12-year-old girl was more of a ' publicity stunt ' than an investigation , according to a new lawsuit . rebecca sedwick leaped to her death from the roof of an abandoned concrete plant in lakeland , florida in september 2013 . the following month , the polk county sheriff 's office said she likely killed herself following ' malicious harassment ' from two schoolmates , katelyn roman , then 12 , and guadalupe shaw , 13 . both girls , who were students at crystal lake middle school , were arrested on charges of aggravated stalking and the sheriff 's office distributed their names and mug shots . suicide : rebecca sedwick , pictured with her mother , took her life in 2013 and two girls were arrested for bullying her but later released . one of the girls has now filed a lawsuit against the sheriff 's department . authorities claimed they bullied rebecca online and sent her messages such as ' go kill yourself ' . but the charges were dropped when police were unable to find any evidence of the messages . on wednesday , lawyers representing the family of the youngest girl filed a lawsuit naming sheriff grady judd and deputy jonathan mckinney , the orlando sentinel reported . it accuses them of using rebecca 's death as an ' opportunity for media attention ' and says that they maliciously deemed the girl ' the poster child example of a cyber-bully ' . she was arrested without any factual basis , according to the lawsuit . it also accuses the sheriff 's office of falsely telling the media that the girl had admitted to bullying rebecca , even though this was false . arrested : katelyn roman , 12 , and guadalupe shaw , 13 , were arrested a month after the suicide for allegedly bullying the girl - but the charges were dropped when police filed to find evidence of harassment . defiant : after the charges was dropped , katelyn went on the today show with her parents and attorney and denied she had ever bullied the 12-year-old girl . her family has now filed a lawsuit in polk county . ' although the charges were unsubstantiated and ultimately dropped , the incident left [ jer ] devastated and irreparably damaged , ' the lawsuit says . named : sheriff grady judd , pictured , is accused of using rebecca 's death for ' media attention ' . last year , it was reported that katelyn had the third highest state testing score in polk county but feared that she would no longer be able to continue her education after being suspended . the family is seeking at least $ 15,000 in damages . a representative for the sheriff 's office said the claims ' have no merit ' . following rebecca 's death , judd claimed that guadalupe had posted online : ' yes [ i know ] i bullied rebecca and she killed her self but idgaf [ i do n't give a f*** ] . ' judd said the message led to her arrest , explaining : ' we decided that we ca n't leave her out there . who else is she going to torment , who else is she going to harass ? ' but guadalupe claimed her account had been hacked and the charges were ultimately dropped . the rift between the girls allegedly came after guadalupe started dating rebecca 's ex-boyfriend . at the time , the teen boy told dailymail.com that the girls fell out because he still liked rebecca . rebecca 's computer searches revealed she had searched for ways to commit suicide and asked questions like : ' what is overweight for a 13-year-old girl ? ' last summer , rebecca 's mother , tricia norman , filed a lawsuit in polk county , seeking more than $ 15,000 from each of the defendants over the death of her daughter . heartbroken : rebecca 's mother , pictured , filed her own lawsuits against the accused bullies last year . norman , who said her ' happiness no longer exists ' , said the school failed to properly supervise the girl accused of stalking her daughter , even though they were allegedly aware of the situation . she also claims cemex construction material in lakeland did not properly care for the perimeter fence at the abandoned facility , allowing the 12-year-old to easily scale it and jump . rebecca 's mother previously told wftv that her daughter had been bullied online for months . ' i keep waiting for an apology that i know will never come , ' she said after her daughter passed away . ' this lack of personal responsibility is beyond upsetting . ' • for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .