massachusetts senator elizabeth warren says she 's relieved dzhokhar tsarnaev has been found guilty of carrying out the boston bombing - the greatest tragedy in her state 's recent history - but does n't believe he should be executed . in an interview with cbs this morning on thursday , warren reacted to wednesday 's jury verdict which found the 21-year-old guilty on all 30 charges related to the boston marathon explosions which killed three and injured hundreds at the finish line . ' nothing is ever going to make those who were injured whole and it 's been a terrible thing but this is a step toward justice , ' warren said . when asked what she would like to see happen in the penalty stage of the trial , liberal-minded warren stuck by her anti-death penalty stance . ' my heart goes out to the families here but i do n't support the death penalty . i think that he should spend his life in jail - no possibility of parole - he should die in prison . but that 's just how i see it . it 's up to the jury , ' she said . scroll down for video . life in prison : massachusetts senator elizabeth warren said thursday that she does n't believe convicted boston bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev should be sentenced to death . warren pictured left on cbs this morning on thursday . tsarnaev pictured right in boston federal court on wednesday as his guilty verdict was read . warren went on to speak about current democratic party issues , as well as comment and likely presidential candidate hillary clinton . however , the woman once thought to be a front-runner for her party refused to compare her politics to the former secretary of state . warren has repeatedly denied that she will run in the democratic primaries . now that tsarnaev has been found guilty of committing the boston marathon bombings , the case will move on to the penalty stage of the trail which could begin as early as monday . it is in this stage of the trial that the jury will decide whether or not to sentence tsarnaev to life in prison or the death penalty - a matter in which they will have to vote unanimously . justice : boston marathon bombing survivor karen brassard , second from left , speaks alongside carlos arredondo , left , laurie scher , second from right , and mike ward , on wednesday following the conviction of dzhokhar tsarnaev . while the defense rarely cross-examined witnesses in the first portion of the trial , they will be more active in the next stage as they attempt to convince the jury against sentencing tsarnaev to death . one thing tsarnaev 's favor is his lead defense attorney judy clarke , who specializes in death penalty cases and spared notorious killers like unabomber ted kaczynski from execution . clarke 's method is to humanize her client to the jury , with stories about their life which might explain what led them to commit such heinous crimes . in the first portion of the trial , the defense alluded to an argument that then 19-year-old tsarnaev was influenced by his radicalized older brother tamerlan . attorneys will likely continue that storyline with this next phase of the trial , exploring the brothers relationship , their childhood in soviet russia and kyrgzstan and their later immigration to the u.s. with their parents . however , legal experts say saving tsarnaev from the death penalty will be her toughest job yet . secret weapon : tsarnaev 's lead defense attorney , judy clarke , specializes in death penalty cases and has spared several of her notorious killer clients from execution by humanizing them to the jury . pictured above leaving court on wednesday , after hearing the guilty verdict for tsarnaev . ' i have n't yet heard all the mitigating factors you 'd expect to hear . in traditional death penalty cases , it 's physical abuse , sexual abuse , drug abuse , dropping out of school , ' meg penrose , a death penalty expert at texas a & m university school of law , said . however , tsarnaev has yet another advantage of being put on trial in massachusetts since the state outlawed capital punishment in 1984 . while the death penalty is not allowed in state cases , tsarnaev is being tried in federal court which makes the death penalty a possible sentencing option . however , experts say that since the jury was pulled from a pool of massachusetts residents , they could decided against the death penalty as a reflection of the state 's general politics on the issue . the prosecution will also have to convince the jury while tsarnaev should be sentenced to death , proving that the crime was carried out with certain aggravating factors that warrant execution . so far they 've listed such factors as killing a child and planning the attack for the day of the marathon to maximize the loss of life .  