hollywood star robert downey jnr stormed out of a tv interview when asked about his history of drug abuse and time in prison . the actor was furious when the line of questioning suddenly got personal in a recorded chat with channel 4 in london to promote his new film avengers : age of ultron . he had been on good form when the exchange started - in which , as arranged , he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster which premiered in britain on tuesday . but he could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable when interviewer krishnan guru-murthy began asking about his long-conquered personal demons . scroll down for video . calling time : during an interview for avengers : age of ultron , robert downey jnr left mid-way through . he 's off : when asked about his relationship with his father , downey jnr gets up and says : ' i 'm sorry , i really do n't ... what are we doing ? ' before walking out . ' it 's all getting very diane sawyer in here ' : robert clearly did n't appreciate the line of questioning . did n't go according to plan , krishnan ? the channel 4 news presenter was left visibly embarrassed . specifically , the news anchor asked downey jr to explain a comment in a five year-old interview with the new york times , in which he said : ' you ca n't go from a $ 2,000-a-night suite at la mirage to a penitentiary and really understand it and come out a liberal . ' responding , downey jr , 50 , said : ' i could pick that apart for two hours and be no closer to the truth than giving you some half-arsed answer right now . i could n't even tell you what a liberal is . ' but , when asked about his relationship with his father , downey jnr gets up and says : ' i 'm sorry , i really do n't ... what are we doing ? ' before walking out of the interview . seemingly amused with the reaction , guru-murthy can be seen smiling and gesticulating as a production team-member tried to remove robert 's clip-on microphone . at that point he turns and says : ' it 's all getting a bit diane sawyer [ a u.s. journalist known for her investigative interviewing ] . ' off to a good start : downey jr was charming as the exchange started - in which , as arranged , he would discuss his experiences on the new blockbuster , which premiered in london on tuesday . getting personal : but when guru-murthy asked questions about his long-conquered personal demons , the star could be seen getting visibly uncomfortable . clearly wanting to keep a dignified silence on the matter , the veteran star - who originates from manhattan and has battled both drug addiction and prison - resisted the temptation to make reference to the incident on twitter . unlike him , however , krishnan twice shared details - captioning one video ' a steely moment from ironman ' . but viewers were n't impressed , with nearly three-hundred ' disliking ' it within hours . tellingly , the comments which followed shared a similar opinion . one wrote : ' god , krish you can be an a -- . when your interviewee is uncomfortable , do n't keep pressing them . props to rdj for ending it . ' another simply said : ' no class at all . ' downey jr had a period between 1996 and 2001 during which he was arrested multiple times - mostly for drug charges . not happy : the 50 year-old actor remained professional , but was clearly upset by the random questions . this dark phase in his life culminated in 1999 when he was sentenced to three years in prison for repeatedly missing drug testing . he spent a year in california substance abuse treatment facility and state prison , before he was released in a surprise ruling . he had one other arrest in 2001 for drug possession , but has maintained a studiously clean life since then . he 's mounted a massive career comeback , the crown jewel of which have been his massively successful role as egotistical billionaire superhero tony stark aka iron man . over the course of four movies , he has grossed nearly $ 4billion in worldwide ticket sales . the fifth movie featuring iron man , avengers : age of ultron , promises to be yet another box office smash . forbes estimated that between june 2012 and june 2013 alone , he made more than $ 75million . troubled : between 1996 and 2001 , downey jr. had multiple run-ins with the law and several arrests on drug-related charges . he was sentenced to three years of prison , but ended up spending on a year . 1971 - robert downey sr starts supplying his six-year-old son with marijuana . 1991 - breaks up with girlfriend sarah jessica parker because of his drug issues . may 1992 - marries actress/singer deborah falconer after 42-day courtship . september 1993 - birth of indio downey . april 1996 - arrested for possessing heroin , cocaine , and unloaded handgun while speeding down sunset boulevard . may 1996 - while on parole , a high downey trespasses on neighbor 's home and is found passed out in one of the beds . sentenced to three years probation and compulsory drug testing . 1997 - misses court-ordered drug test and spends four months in l.a. county jail . 1999 - misses another court-ordered drug test and spends the next year in california substance abuse treatment facility and state prison in corcoran , california . 2000 - released early from prison on $ 5,000 bail and goes on to secure celebrated role on ally mcbeal . thanksgiving 2000 - arrested at palm springs spa after police search his room and find downey under the influence of a controlled substance and in possession of cocaine and valium . 2001 - splits with falconer , who gains custody of indio . april 2001 - officer finds downey wandering barefoot in culver city and arrests him on suspicion of being under the influence of drugs . tests show he had cocaine in his system . july 2001 - pleads no contest to palm springs charges , and avoids jail time . is sent to rehab instead and put on three-year probation . january 2003 - appears in film the singing detective , after friend mel gibson pays his insurance bond for the movie . july 2003 - downey achieves sobriety . august 2005 - marries film producer susan levin . february 2012 - son exton elias downey is born . october 2013 - indio downey sent to rehab for prescription drug abuse . last june , a 20-year-old indio ( seen here in 2007 ) was arrested on drug charges . his father blamed the genetic predisposition to drug abuse that seems to run in the family . classy : wanting to keep a dignified silence on the matter , the star - who originates from manhattan - resisted the temptation to make reference to it on twitter . fighting fit : scarlett johansson as black widow , chris hemsworth as thor , chris evans as captain america , jeremy renner as hawkeye , robert downey jr as iron man , mark ruffalo as the hulk . cast : andy serkis , jeremy renner , paul bettany , scarlett johansson , chris hemsworth , aaron taylor-johnson , chris evans , elizabeth olsen , robert downey jr and mark ruffalo attend the european premiere . he has been praised by co-stars as a model of post-addiction focus and poise . in an interview to promote sherlock holmes , costar rachel mcadams said that his efforts to stay clean are ' superheroic . ' he maintains he 's been entirely sober since july 2003 . in interviews , he credits meditation , yoga , 12-step recovery programs and the support of his second wife , film producer susan downey . last june , his son indio was arrested on felony drug charges . when he bailed his son out of jail , downey jr. seemed to blame himself for his son 's fall . ' unfortunately there 's a genetic component to addiction and indio has likely inherited it. , ' he said . quentin tarantino . robert downey jr is not the first hollywood star to be upset by krishnan guru-murthy 's interview technique - last year director quentin tarantino also objected to his line of questioning . the reservoir dogs and pulp fiction director launched an extraordinary tirade after refusing to answer questions about movie violence . he said : ' i 'm not your slave and you are not my master . you ca n't make me dance to your tune . i 'm not a monkey . ' towards the end of the interview he rebuffed further questions on the topic , telling guru-murthy : ' i 'm shutting your butt down . ' joan rivers . actress and comedienne joan rivers stormed off the set of a cnn interview in july last year . rivers contended that she was there to discuss to her new book , diary of a mad diva , but was instead accused of coming across as ‘mean’ on tv show fashion police . she was also questioned about wearing fur when she was an animal rights activist . ' this whole interview is turning into a defensive interview , ' rivers announced . ' are you wearing leather shoes ? then shut up , ' she said . naomi campbell . supermodel naomi campbell lost her cool and angrily knocked away a camera after being quizzed over allegations she was given a ' blood diamond ' by the deposed african despot charles taylor . ' i did n't receive a diamond and i 'm not going to speak about that , ' campbell told reporters before walking out of an interview in 2010 and punching the camera in a producer 's hand . cate blanchett . the actress swore on national television during interview on tv program the project in march this year . the oscar-winning star came prepared to answer questions about her new disney film cinderella , but was faced with increasingly eccentric topics , including drinking beer . the exasperated actress finally reached breaking point at the end of the q & a , when channel ten journalist jonathan hyla asked her about a cat that appeared in the fantasy flick . turning around to look for her publicist , a confused and annoyed blanchett fired back : ' that 's your question ? that 's your f****** question ?