like many teenage girls , madison hurd had been dreaming of her prom all year . but a sudden infection landed the 16-year-old junior from seward , nebraska in the hospital , and it seemed like there was no chance she 'd make it to her special night . that is , until nurses and hurd 's friends brought prom right to her bed at the children 's hospital and medical center in omaha . after a sudden infection landed madison hurd , 16 , in the hospital and forced her to miss her high school 's prom , nurses and her friends brought the great gatsby-themed dance to her bed instead . nurses spent their day off doing hurd 's nails , makeup and hair , getting music and a cake , and decorating her room with streamers and balloons . nurses spent their day off doing hurd 's nails , makeup and hair , getting music and a cake , and decorating her room with streamers and balloons , according to live well nebraska . they even made sure the decorations matched the great gatsby-themed dance hurd had been planning and organizing for the last year with her student council at milford high school . the stunning turquoise ball gown hurd had started an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown , and her boyfriend flew in from alabama with a tux and a corsage . hurd 's mother catrece said the nurse 's efforts brought her to tears . ' it 's their day off . when i think about it , i just do n't know what else to say , ' she told wowt . ' they surprised us with everything . there are no words to explain and thank the staff enough about helping her have her dream night during such a stressful time in her life , ' catrece told live well nebraska . hurd 's boyfriend flew in from alabama with a tux and a corsage , and the turquoise gown the teen had gotten an after-school job to afford was laid over her hospital gown . the teen was hospitalized on monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug that turned into sepsis , a life-threatening complication of an infection . catrece said the sepsis attacked hurd 's muscles and her heart , and she has not been able to leave the hospital since . ' when we found out she was having some heart problems , that 's when we knew there was no way she was going to be able to go to the prom , ' she told ketv . hurd has since been diagnosed with myocarditis , an inflammation of the middle layer of the heart wall . the teen said she was ' exhausted ' but thought it was awesome that the hospital put in so much work to make her dream come true . ' i 'm just very happy , very happy , ' she said . ' this is better than real prom . ' hurd was hospitalized on monday with what was initially thought to be a stomach bug and turned into sepsis , a life-threatening complication of an infection . hurd 's mother catrece said the nurse 's surprise efforts brought her to tears . ' it 's their day off . when i think about it , i just do n't know what else to say ' .