microsoft has a new pilot program to hire people with autism for full-time positions within the company . the announcement was made on the company 's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son , shawn , with autism . the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington and the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it . smith wrote on the blog : ' it 's simple , microsoft is stronger when we expand opportunity and we have a diverse workforce that represents our customers . ' the announcement was made on the company 's blog by microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son , shawn , with autism . ' the day my son was diagnosed i distinctly remember the final words of two doctors i overheard as my husband and i left the medical center , `` i think they understand . '' ' i also remember how we walked to the car , pulled onto the road , drove 15 miles to our home , and entered the house . all in silence . we did not know what to say . ' but we do now . what we learned over the last 15 years was to find our voice . to model what a unique advantage a young man like my son shawn can offer . ' to think of where he is now , a college freshman and part-time employee , and where he has the potential to go , makes my husband and i so proud . the positions will be based at its redmond campus in washington and the program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it . she added : ' i am also proud of how our society and our workplace is moving forward with the commitment to help support people with autism and disabilities in general . ' last year microsoft ceo satya nadella was forced to apologize for saying that women do n't need to ask for a raise and should just trust the system to pay them well . nadella was blasted on twitter and in blog posts for his comments , which were made at an event for women in computing . he had been asked to give his advice to women who are uncomfortable requesting a raise . his response : ' it 's not really about asking for the raise , but knowing and having faith that the system will actually give you the right raises as you go along . ' microsoft is now focusing on diversity . last year microsoft ceo satya nadella ( pictured ) was forced to apologize for saying that women do n't need to ask for a raise and should just trust the system to pay them well . not asking for raise , he added , is ' good karma ' that would help a boss realize that the employee could be trusted and should have more responsibility . still , his comments at the event , the grace hopper celebration of women in computing , underscored why many see technology companies as workplaces that are difficult to navigate or even unfriendly for women and minorities . tech companies , particularly the engineering ranks , are overwhelmingly male , white and asian . criticized for their lack of diversity , major companies say they are trying to address the problem with programs such as employee training sessions and by participating in initiatives meant to introduce girls to coding . twenty-nine percent of microsoft 's employees are women , according to figures the company released last year . its technical and engineering staff and its management are just 17 percent female . that 's roughly comparable to diversity data released by other big tech companies last year . commenting on microsoft 's decision sarah lambert , head of policy at the national autistic society , told daily mail online : ' it 's encouraging to see a global company like microsoft recognise the untapped potential of adults with autism and we hope that other organisations follow their lead . ' autism is a spectrum condition and many people may have strengths such as accuracy , a good eye for detail and reliability , which can benefit all sorts of businesses , not just the technology industry . ' 