when walking into the backyard of your seaside condo , the only things you would hope to find are the waves lapping at the shore , or a sunset over the ocean . however , one florida homeowner was shocked to find a nine foot bull shark swimming right past his back door . this incredible video captured the moment the extremely dangerous predator prowled past the property at the north end of hickory island , in bonita springs . this is the moment a nine foot long bull shark , considered among the deadliest in the world , was captured swimming past a condo back yard on hikcory island in florida . the beast can be seen just under the the water , with its distinctive pectoral fin breaking the surface . residents in bonita springs told nbc-2 that sharks began swimming up to their condos about a week ago , and have been spotted several times since . they say fishermen have been chumming the water - throwing in bait - which has been luring the animals back . property owners are now asking the city to designate the area for swimming only , which would outlaw fishing there and , they hope , drive the sharks back out to sea . bull sharks , along with great whites and tiger sharks , are generally considered among the most dangerous sharks in the world , and among the most likely to attack humans . homeowners say fishermen throwing bait into the water nearby are attracting the predators to their homes , and are calling for fishing to be banned in the area . adult bull sharks can grow up to 11.5ft long , live up to 16 years in the wild , and along with great whites and tiger sharks , are said to be the most likely species to attack humans . their natural habitat is the warm , shallow ocean waters around the equator , though they can just as happily swim through freshwater , and are often found hunting far up rivers and estuaries . they will eat almost anything they can kill , including fish , dolphins , seabirds , and other sharks . humans are not naturally part of their diet , but they have been known to attack out of curiosity . they get their name from their short , stubby noses , aggressive disposition , and tendency to headbutt their prey before biting . according to national geographic , adults can reach anywhere between 6ft and 11.5ft in length , and can live up to 16 years in the wild . hickory island juts out into the sea from mainland florida and is surrounded on both sides by ocean , meaning sharks are able to swim very close to the houses . 