cigarette-smoking teenagers hit a new low last year as youngsters turn to e-cigarettes instead , a study has revealed . around two million high school students admitted to buying vaporizers in 2014 - more than triple the 660,000 recorded the year before . but smoking of traditional cigarettes plummeted to about nine per cent . on the rise : around two million high school students now admit to buying e-cigarettes . the cdc report , released on thursday , is based on a national survey of about 22,000 students at middle schools and high schools , both public and private . tom frieden , cdc director , remarked that the results are ' alarming ' and ' shocking ' . ' what 's most surprising is how in­cred­ibly rapid the use of products other than cigarettes has increased , ' frieden said in an interview quoted by the washington post . ' it is subjecting another generation of our children to an addictive substance . ' e-cigarettes typically deliver nicotine , propylene glycol , glycerin and flavorings through inhaled vapor . they have been on sale in the united states since 2006 , but this is the first year that the centers for disease control has measured their use . it follows a government-funded study released in december which found similar trends , leading experts to warn of a potential ' epidemic of teen tobacco use ' . ' the concern is that e-cigarette advertising is recruiting intermediate risk adolescents to nicotine use- kids who would not otherwise have started smoking , ' said james sargent , of dartmouth hitchcock 's norris cotton cancer center in a paper published in the journal pediatrics . there are currently more than 400 brands of 'e-cigs ' available . e-cigs contain far fewer cancer-causing and other toxic substances than cigarettes , however their long-term effects on health and nicotine dependence are unknown . the popularity of e-cigarettes , which typically deliver nicotine , propylene glycol , glycerin and flavorings through inhaled vapor , has increased in the past five years . ' these are kids who might go on to smoke cigarettes , which are much better at delivering nicotine than e-cigarettes . ' if this pattern of use is adopted by adolescents in the continental u.s. , we could be in for an epidemic of teen tobacco use in this country that could greatly reduce the overall benefits to public health of e-cigarettes . ' researchers have been critical of the fact that packaging and marketing of e-cigarettes is not regulated , and that manufacturers ' opportunities to target adolescents are wide open , absent fda regulation of these products . there are currently more than 400 brands of 'e-cigs ' available in the us . e-cigs contain far fewer cancer-causing and other toxic substances than cigarettes , however their long-term effects on health and nicotine dependence are unknown . the cdc study also revealed that about nine per cent of teenagers surveyed said they had tried hookahs . 