google claims to have cracked a problem that has flummoxed anyone who has tried to read a doctor 's note - how to read anyone 's handwriting . the firm claims the latest update to its android handsets can under 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts , and works with both printed and cursive writing input with or without a stylus . it even allows users to simply draw emoji they want to send . scroll down for video . the california search giant claims the latest update to its android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts . google says its handwriting recognition works by ' building on large-scale language modeling , robust multi-language ocr , and incorporating large-scale neural-networks and approximate nearest neighbour search for character classification . ' ' entering text on mobile devices is still considered inconvenient by many ; touchscreen keyboards , although much improved over the years , require a lot of attention to hit the right buttons , ' google said . ' voice input is an option , but there are situations where it is not feasible , such as in a noisy environment or during a meeting . ' using handwriting as an input method can allow for natural and intuitive input method for text entry which complements typing and speech input methods . ' google handwriting input is now available on android phones , and the firm said it took ' many years ' to perfect . ' google handwriting input is the result of many years of research at google . ' until recently there have been many languages where enabling this functionality presented significant challenges . google also today launched a new feature allowing users who have lost their phone to simply google it . it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed , and it appears to only work when you 're signed into your google account on chrome - although this has n't been confirmed . the same google account must be signed into on the phone . the californian firm announced the tool on its google+ page . it said : 'we’ve all been there - you’ve searched under your car seat , tossed around the sofa cushions and you still can’t find your phone . android handsets can understand handwriting in 82 languages in 20 distinct scripts . ' if you know where your computer is you can now ask google to find your android phone from your desktop . ' if the pesky phone is hiding nearby , google can ring it for you - or you can see it on the map if you , say , forgot it at the bar . ' just make sure you’ve got the latest version of the google app ! ' google 's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone , or erase its data . users will need to install the android device manager ( adm ) app ( pictured ) if they want these features . both tools override the selected sound profile , too , meaning that even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes . to locate a lost phone , sign into a google account on chrome via the menu in the top right-hand corner . type ' find my phone ' either into the address bar - if google is set as the default search engine - or open google and type it into the search bar on the site 's homepage . a map appears as the first search result with a message asking the user to sign in again to confirm their identity . this prevents people being able to track a person 's phone if the previous user forgets to log out of their google account on a shared chrome browser , for example . google has announced a new tool that locates missing handsets simply by searching for the term ' find my phone ' on the search engine 's homepage ( animated ) . it works with all android phones that have the latest google app installed and when the user is signed into their google account on chrome . the phone 's location is then pinpointed and clicking a ' ring ' button beneath the map will then remotely call the handset . google 's latest tool ca n't lock the missing phone , or erase its data . users will need to install the android device manager ( adm ) app if they want these features . adm was launched in august 2013 and works in a similar way to the search tool . it locates a phone on a map , remotely rings and lets users carry out additional security tasks . both tools override the selected sound profile , too , meaning that even if a phone is on silent it will still ring at full volume for five minutes , or until it is answered . 