aston villa manager tim sherwood has vowed to give pal chris ramsey the red-button treatment if he tries calling him ahead of tuesday 's crunch six-pointer . rangers will leapfrog sherwood 's side and plunge them back into the drop zone if they win at villa park in what represents a pivotal game for both sides . ramsey , who was sherwood 's closest lieutenant at tottenham last season , had at the weekend vowed to take the unusual step of trying to make contact with his opposing manager ahead of the game . tim sherwood takes on his friend chris ramsey when aston villa play queens park rangers . ramsey ( right ) was sherwood 's ally when the the villa man was at the helm of tottenham last season . sherwood 's villa team were swept aside by manchester united on saturday , losing 3-0 at old trafford . yet sherwood insists he will allow nothing to distract him from his primary focus of keeping villa in the division . he said : ' i have n't spoke to chris for a while . i keep red buttoning him ! have i text him to say well done ( over the qpr result ) ? no . ' it 's not changed . i hope he does well . i respect chris as a coach and a manager . ' for someone to put is head on the block like he has , good luck to him , not tomorrow though . ' i hope we both survive . it 's more likely we will than them because after tuesday night we could be six points ahead . ' it 's hard , what do you talk about ? you ca n't share team notes . only ' how 's the family , are you alright ? ok , see you tuesday . ' ' he 's a good pal of mine and very loyal friend but it 's been put to one side . ' sherwood has guided villa to an fa cup semi-final , with blackburn or liverpool lying in wait on sunday week . yet he insists he will take no pleasure from their day out at wembley if their they fail to get any more points on the board from their qpr showdown and saturday 's eagerly-anticipated return for the boss to white hart lane . villa captain fabian delph looks dejected as villa are beaten by united in the premier league . ramsey led qpr to a 4-1 victory at west bromwich albion at the hawthorns on saturday . bobby zamora scored a stunning goal in qpr 's big win but sherwood claims he saw ' chinks in the armoury ' . he continued : ' i 'm not even considering wembley , it 's not an option . ' it wo n't be a good day out if we do n't pick up any points before now and the semi final . it 's all about tuesday . this is huge for us . ' sherwood insists villa , whose mini-revival has been halted by back-to-back defeats , should not fear qpr despite them winning 4-1 at west brom on saturday . he added : ' we saw they scored four goals , we know they have got threats and two goals were contenders for goal of season . ' we saw enough chinks in the armoury for a villa side to play well and exploit . ' we ca n't rely on anyone else , we know what we need to do , we know we have to win a considerable amount of games between now and the end of the season to stay safe and , that 's what we intend to do . ' it 's a great opportunity for us to put some breathing space points between us and chris ' qpr . ' it 's about those players when they cross the line , it 's time for them to stand up and be counted , have they got what it takes to stay in premier league ? ' i believe they have , they need to believe it and we need to start showing it starting showing it from tuesday . ' the manager has bemoaned his team 's crippling injury crisis with ashley westwood , scott sinclair and alan hutton all sidelined . ali cissokho , tom cleverley and kieran richardson are also doubtful , while philippe senderos and libor kozak have been long-term absentees . ' i 've never seen an injury crisis like it , ' sherwood added . sherwood admitted his concern at villa 's injury list as he looks to lead the club away from relegation . scott sinclair heads villa 's list of absentees , with alan hutton and ashley westwood also missing for qpr . ' i never thought i 'd be one of those managers who moans about injuries . you get one back and lose another two . ' they 're not trivial injuries , they 're always two , three , four weeks . it is ok in september but not now . that 's pretty much writing off the season . ' it 's a case of seeing who can come in . a few are back from injury , medically rather than physically , but it 's a need must situation . some of them will be risked . ' 