a transgender south carolina teenager who was told to remove her makeup for a driver 's license photo has settled her lawsuit over the incident and a state agency has agreed to handle such cases differently , according to court documents . under the terms of the settlement , the state dmv is changing its policy on how male and female license applicants may dress or wear makeup in their official photos . agency employees will also get training on how to handle transgender customers and people who do n't identify with either gender . transgender teen chase culpepper , 17 , who was born male but identifies as female , was told by dmv officials that she had to remove make-up ( left ) for her license photo last year ( after taking off make-up right ) . after a legal battle , the policy has been changed and miss culpepper was allowed to wear makeup for her id . the 17-year-old transgender teen won her legal battle against the state dmv to appear in her license with make-up and jewelry . chase culpepper , 17 , who was born male but now identifies as female , regularly wears makeup and androgynous or women 's clothing . after passing a driving test last year , she was told by officials at a dmv office in anderson , about 100 miles northwest of columbia , to remove her makeup because of a policy that bans license photos when someone is purposefully altering his or her appearance . after several attempts , culpepper says the makeup was removed to the satisfaction of dmv employees , and a license photo was ultimately taken , a process the teen called degrading and humiliating . culpepper and the transgender legal defense and education fund , a new york legal defense group , wrote to dmv officials , asking that culpepper be allowed to take a new photo . they eventually sued the agency , calling the policy unconstitutionally vague . in a release from the defense fund , culpepper said she was pleased with the settlement , which also includes a requirement that the dmv officially apologize to her and allow her to take a license photo with her everyday makeup . ' my clothing and makeup reflect who i am , ' culpepper said . ' from day one , all i wanted was to get a driver 's license that looks like me . now i will be able to do that . ' under the settlement , the dmv also agrees to alter its policy to allow people to wear makeup in photos regardless of their gender . dmv officials on wednesday declined to comment , saying the agency 's policy is not to discuss any litigation , even after a settlement is reached . following the victory , the south carolina teen said : ' my clothing and makeup reflect who i am ' . 