andy murray and his davis cup colleagues have got their preferred venue by securing london’s queen’s club as the place where they will take on france in their quarter final . the venerable club in baron’s court will host britain’s biggest home tie in three decades from july 17-19 , after agreement was reached between its management and the lawn tennis association today . british captain leon smith and his lead player had made it clear that they wanted to take on the strong french team on grass , as it would appear to give them fewer selection options from their rich resources . andy murray in action last year at the queen 's club , which will host the davis cup quarter final against france . murray celebrates winning at queen 's in 2013 - one of three triumphs he has had at the tournament . tickets go on sale on may 27 and the match is sure to sell out quickly with the likely capacity of the one court used being around 7,000 , as it is for the aegon championships , which takes place two weeks before wimbledon . the all england club’s overworked show courts , plus the redevelopment work being done there , meant that sw19 was never an option only five days after the championships finish . the fixture means a bumper helping of six weeks’ top level grass court tennis in the uk this summer , a far cry from 20 years ago when some believed the sport’s one organic surface might even disappear . this time there will be three weeks between roland garros and wimbledon , so by the time gb take on france for a place in the world group semi-finals all the players will be perfectly attuned to the grass . the court at queen’s is at least the equal of wimbledon in terms of quality , and the atmosphere will be very different from the usually staid one that accompanies the principle warm-up event for the big fortnight . thanks to murray , gb and france look well-matched and it could well depend on who wins the doubles rubber on the saturday . france has seven players in the world’s singles top 50 , although some have been affected by injuries this season . however , they will be encouraged by the recent comeback of jo wilfried tsonga , who is their best grass court exponent and looking in decent form after overcoming arm problems . he has done well at queen’s before but his record is not as impressive as that of murray , who has won the pre-wimbledon title three times . murray said : 'queen’s will be a perfect venue for our quarter-final match against france . i’ve been playing at queen’s for ten years now so i feel very at home there as do the rest of the british team , so it’s a great choice . fingers crossed it’s a memorable summer for british tennis . ' jo wilfried tsonga is back to form after overcoming an arm problem and will be a big threat for the french . 