a recent cyber-attack on the state department was reportedly carried out by high-level russia hackers who also penetrated restricted parts of the white house computer system , such as the president 's private schedule . cnn reported tuesday , citing us officials briefed on the months-long investigation conducted by the fbi and secret service , that the hackers were able to access real-time , non-public schedule of president obama , which is regarded as highly sensitive information that is sought after by foreign intelligence agencies . in october 2014 , the white house acknowledged that there had been suspicious activity on its unclassified network serving the executive office , prompting system shutdowns and security upgrades . vulnerable : a new report has revealed that russian hackers launched a cyber-attack against white house 's unclassified computer network last year . privacy concerns : the hackers reportedly accessed president obama 's non-public schedule , which is considered highly sensitive information . sneak attack : according to federal officials involved in the probe , the hackers wormed their way into the white house system by breaching first the state department 's network . a six-month investigation into the breach , described as one of the most sophisticated attacks against the us , reportedly uncovered evidence pointing to hackers working on behalf of russian president vladimir putin 's government . according to federal officials involved in the probe , the hackers wormed their way into the white house system by breaching first the state department 's network . to accomplish this task , the cyber-bandits allegedly working for the kremlin commandeered a state department email account and sent a phishing email to someone at the white house designed to trick the recipient into downloading malicious software . silver lining : white house deputy national security adviser ben rhodes said last year 's cyber intrusions that did not affect classified information . once downloaded onto a white house computer , the malware presumably allowed the hackers to penetrate the unclassified network containing obama 's schedule that is not accessible to the general public . according to an anonymous government official , the hackers have been able to re-enter the state department computer system , despite efforts to keep them out . the russian embassy did not publicly comment on the hacking allegations . the white house responded to cnn’s revelations by saying the report did not refer to a new incident but was ‘speculating’ about the source of cyber activities that were disclosed last year . spokesman mark stroh said in a statement that the white house would not comment on cnn 's attribution of the cyber-attack to russian hackers . ‘ any such activity is something we take very seriously . in this case , as we made clear at the time , we took immediate measures to evaluate and mitigate the activity , ’ stroh stated . ‘ as has been our position , we are not going to comment on the referenced article 's attribution to specific actors . ’ white house deputy national security adviser ben rhodes said in an appearance on cnn tuesday that the white house in 2014 disclosed cyber intrusions that did not affect classified information . ‘ we have an unclassified system and then we have a classified system , a top secret system , ’ rhodes said . ‘ we do not believe that our classified systems were compromised . ’ but he said , ‘ there 's always vulnerability . ’ for that reason , rhodes said the white house operates a separate , secure system for classified data . he assured the public that the white house takes regular actions to prevent intrusions on its unclassified network . 