the average pet spends a staggering 21 hours a week watching tv , according to a new study . owners admit they spend hours watching the box with their animals and even leave it on when they are out to keep them company . and the nation 's cats , dogs and pigs show a marked preference for programmes featuring other animals while shunning reality shows such as the keeping up with the kardashians and towie . paul o'grady 's show ' for the love of dogs ' is an absolute television favourite of pets . almost two thirds of goldfish owners , 63 per cent , even confess to putting the tank in sight of the tv so their fish can watch it for more than three and a half hours a day . the survey of 1,000 pet owners even found the owner of a micro pig lets their pet watch four hours of shows per day - or 28 hours a week . the new study by virgin media reveals how much our household pets love sitting in front of the box and watching their favourite tv programmes . over a third of us , 34 per cent , say their pets watch three hours a day while left home alone - the equivalent of 42 episodes of eastenders in a week . a quarter , 24 per cent , say their pets love watching tv so much they spend an incredible nine hours glued to it every day . two-thirds of goldfish owners owned up to putting the bowl in sight of the tv and even the owner of a micro pig lets their pet watch 28 hours of tv a week . a survey has revealed that on average , pets watch 21 hours of tv of week , whether its with their owners or by themselves . a square-eyed one per cent of dogs are glued to the tv for over 10 hours . owners heading off to work or spending the day out feel guilty for leaving their pet alone , as 29 per cent admit they turn on the tv as they believe their animal may get lonely without them . pets’ favourite show is tv presenter paul o’grady’s for the love of dogs as 17 per cent of animal owners said their pet can’t get enough of it . documentary natural world is a hit with pets as 14 per cent of owners say it’s their animals’ favourite show . springwatch is pets’ third favourite show with 12 per cent of votes - and soap eastenders is surprisingly fifth with 11 per cent . however , reality show keeping up with the kardashians is the least favourite show as only two per cent of pets like it - and just five per cent of animals like the only way is essex . 1 . for the love of dogs ( 17 % ) 2 . natural world ( 14 % ) 3 . springwatch ( 12 % ) 4 . the dog whisperer ( 11 % ) 5 . eastenders ( 11 % ) 1 . keeping up with the kardashians ( 2 % ) 2 . the only way is essex ( 5 % ) 3 . the voice ( 7 % ) 4 . top gear ( 7 % ) 5 . x factor ( 10 % )