a 17-year-old teen is so allergic to water that even sweating can cause a potentially deadly burning rash . alexandra allen , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria , which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world . showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation . alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria . showers have to be quick and cold - long soaks in the bath are out of the question because they trigger burning inflammation . the symptoms can last from a few hours to a week after exposure , reports deseret news . alexandra first realized she had the condition when she developed hives after spending time in a hot tub while on vacation . a person with aquagenic urticaria is essentially allergic to water . after coming into contact with water - or blood , sweat and tears - the sufferer develops painful , itchy hives that spread over the affected area . these can last anywhere between 10 minutes to an hour-and-a-half . some sufferers have to lie down to let the pain subside . investigators believe the hives are not caused by a histamine release but are the result of extreme skin sensitivity to additives in water such as chlorine . the condition is extremely rare and is thought to affect around 35 known people in the world . there is no proven treatment , but dermatologists recommend staying out of the water as much as possible . sufferers should also take short showers , stay cool and avoid rain . dermatologists say those with the condition can ease the burn of the hives with certain antihistamines . then she was admitted to hospital with internal bleeding and painful joints , and unable to breathe after a trip to flaming gorge which has water activities . it took a while for her diagnosis to be made . when elizabeth was about 15 she came across a medical site that discussed aquagenic urticaria - when she suggested it to her dermatologist he agreed that it was her condition . she now avoids water as much as she can . ' it 's not worth it anymore , ' alexandra said to deseret news . ' it 's both emotionally strenuous and physically painful . i ca n't let myself go there . ' although sweat is dangerous , she now works against it by exercising only in cooler temperatures to keep her body from producing too much oil , sweat . it also helps as less sweating means she wo n't have to shower as she is only allowed three a week . ' it feels like your skin has been sandpapered down until there 's only one layer left and it itches , but you ca n't itch it or it will break and burn and bleed , ' she said . ' you just feel like you 've been dipped in a vat of acid , not for long , but for long enough to tear off a layer of skin . ' the condition , which can in some people trigger potentially a deadly anaphylactic shock , usually gets worse as sufferers get older . investigators believe the hives are not caused by a histamine release but are the result of extreme skin sensitivity to additives in water such as chlorine . there is no proven treatment , but dermatologists recommend staying out of the water as much as possible . sufferers should also take short showers , stay cool and avoid rain . dermatologists say those with the condition can ease the burn of the hives with certain antihistamines . but alexandra is determined not to let the condition hold her back - ' i think i 'm lucky , compared to a lot of other diseases i could have had , ' she said . ' at least this is tolerable and manageable . ' aquagenic urticaria is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world . pictured : two women in the uk who also suffer from the condition - and their reactions to water .  