first they made a life-sized bronze statue of him , and now they are creating an entire museum in his honour . barcelona will dedicate a museum exclusively to the new york director , who picked the catalan capital for the setting of his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona . the cultural centre is hoped to be housed in former arts and crafts school , la llotja , following an refurbishment of the now abandoned building . the tribute will be dedicated exclusively to the new york director , who picked barcelona for the setting of his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona . mediapro group are behind the project , headed up by personal friend of allen , jaume roures , who also produced three of his films . a spokesman from the group said to the local : ' the woody allen project is under discussion but i ca n't say more yet . ' the neoclassical building that will house the woody allen centre dates from 1883 and is located in the historic gothic quarter of barcelona . it is hoped the exhibition will be featured at la llotja , which is a former art and crafts centre in the city . the building currently lies unoccupied , and it is thought a competition will decide what project is set in the 17th century building . the 17th-century building , in spain 's second largest city , aims to commemorate the work of the celebrated director , actor and writer . la llotja is currently owned by the generalitat de catalunya and there will reportedly be a competition held to determine suitable projects to revive the famous building . the tribute will join a plethora of other museums dedicated to artists such as dali and picasso . the tribute will be in barcelona , in the midst of many other celebrated artists and architects , such as gaudí buildings ( left ) . the museum follows the bronze statue ( right ) that was made the director after his oscar winning film , vicky cristina barcelona . before fans get too excited , the barcelona city hall is yet to provide permission for the project , which is predicted to be completed in two years . allen 's celebrated film , vicky cristina barcelona , featured blockbuster names such as javier bardem and penelope cruz , who later won an academy award for her portrayal as emotionally unstable maría elena . heywood ' woody ' allen 's ( left ) career as an actor , writer , director , comedian and playwright , has spanned more than 50 years . he has worked with big names such as penelope cruz ( centre ) and javier barden ( right ) .  