air crash investigators examining a computer belonging to germanwings co-pilot andreas lubitz are trying to determine whether the killer ' spiked ' his captain 's drink to force him into the toilet . lubitz , 27 , crashed the airbus a320 passenger jet into the alps changing the aircraft 's altitude to just 100 feet using the autopilot , sending it on collision course with the alps . german prosecutors believe that lubitz may have added a chemical to captain patrick sodenheimer 's coffee to remove him from the flight deck . scroll down for video . andreas lubitz may have spiked his captain 's coffee so he would be left alone on the aircraft 's flight deck . investigators have been scouring lubitz 's computers to determine his state of mind before the tragedy . lubitz remained silent during the final eight minutes of the flight as it flew into the alps . once captain sodenheimer closed the cockpit door , lubitz enabled special security features preventing the reinforced door from reopening . the safety systems were introduced following the 9/11 attacks although the designers did not consider a rogue pilot seeking to kill himself while taking his passengers and fellow crew with him . already it has emerged that lubitz used his computer to research methods of killing himself as well as information concerning the cockpit door locking mechanism . it is understood that european safety chiefs had concerns about germanwings ' safety procedures in the weeks before the crash . in november 2014 , the european commission contacted several airlines and ' had asked for clarification to make sure all airlines actively observe rules ' . following the crash , it emerged that lubtiz suffered from crippling depression although lufthansa , who own germanwings , did not pass on this information to aviation regulators . investigators believe that lubitz , 27 , informed its flight school when he returned from a several-month break in pilot training in 2009 that he had experienced an episode of ' severe depression ' . lufthansa has said he subsequently passed all medical tests . the eu has detailed air safety regulations , which included rules on a pilot 's mental health , that member states need to take into account . easa regularly tests whether the 28 eu nations adhere to those standards . ' this is a normal and regular occurrence , ' said the official .