with the increasing pressure of modern life , more and more women in their 30s and 40s are suffering stress spots as well as wrinkles . but now help is at hand on the high street with a cream that claims to tackle spots while also fighting the signs of ageing . superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing . scroll down for video . superdrug has launched a range of creams with ingredients normally found in teenage spot treatments – as well as those for anti-ageing . a poll of 2,000 women in their 30s , 40s and 50s discovered almost half were still being blighted with blemishes well into adulthood . one in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin . one in three women said they even shy away from talking to people because they are so self-conscious about the state of their skin . and experts say that growing stress levels are a key factor . stress makes the adrenal glands release male hormones , which then trigger more oil production , blocking pores . the superdrug range , clearly youthful , starts at £5.99 and it is believed the range is the first of its kind on the high street . clinique has a blemish range but this does not include a full regime of anti-ageing products , while brands such as murad , which has focused on anti-ageing , are pricier with £49 for a moisturiser . jill flood , of superdrug , said the clearly youthful range is inexpensive compared to high-end versions and the products provide a two-in-one solution . she said : ‘ the general assumption is that we suffer the most problematic skin in our teens – but we know that for today’s woman this simply isn’t true . most women will have some type of skin complaint well after their teenage years . ‘ the rise of candid images of celebrities being shared has certainly shown that the average woman is not alone in having bad skin days , when even kate moss is pictured with blemishes it shows that the problem is universal . ’ dermatologist dr michael prager believes hormones and diet are also to blame . he said : ‘ i get a lot of women coming along and saying , “ i never used to get spots but now i’m getting them” . ’ 