he was the quiet irishman with the hipster beard who plunged the great british bake off into a storm of controversy over a baked alaska . belfast-born iain watters had to leave the show after he binned his baked alaska after the ice cream was left out of the freezer and it melted . but now he 's back with his modern take on traditional fruity easter fare - a simnel cake . scroll down for video . former great british bake off contestant , iain watters , is back to revive easter classic , the simnel cake . packed with moist fruit and marzipan , simnel cake has been enjoyed since the medieval times during easter . topped with 12 balls of marzipan to celebrate the 12 apostles , the cake already has a distinctive appearance but iain has taken that even further by dying it green . working alongside shopping website ao.com , iain offers up a modern update on the fruit-based cake , with the twist of pistachios , figs and nutmeg seasoning . the simnel cake took a backseat for years , replaced by other classics such as hot cross buns - until this easter . perhaps the trendy construction engineer can convince a new generation of bakers to attempt this hearty cake . the belfast-baker puts a modern twist on the easter favourite with pistachios , nutmeg and chopped figs . instead of almond marzipan , watters ' modern update has pistachio marzipan , and the cake is decorated with orange zest and edible rose petals . the irish baker opts for a pistachio-based marzipan , and flavours the sponge with orange zest , chopped figs and nutmeg . the recipe was created by iain after it was revealed by ao.com that the simnel cake was enjoying a resurgence this easter . a survey by the shopping website also revealed that 58 per cent of the population would be indulging in home baking to celebrate easter . for the cake : for the pistachio marzipan : method : 1 . for marzipan , finely grind the pistachios in a food processor . add the icing sugar and grind to a really fine mixture , then tip into a mixing bowl . lightly whisk 1 egg white with a fork and stir in . using your hand , knead the mixture until smooth . you may not need all the egg white take care as it can become too wet very quickly . 2 . wrap in cling film and allow to rest in the fridge while you are making the cake . 3 . heat the oven to 170°c/325°f/gas mark 3 , and grease and line a 22mm round , deep cake tin . 4 . prepare the figs by chopping then into large pea sizes and set aside . 5 . sift the self-raising flour and finely grate the nutmeg and set aside . 6 . beat the margarine and sugar until light and fluffy ; you can use a wooden spoon or an electric whisk or mixer . then add all the eggs including egg yolk , along with the sifted flour and grated nutmeg and beat until well combined . 7 . now fold in the fig until thoroughly dispersed . 8 . pour the mixture into the prepare cake tin and bake for 35-40mins . inserted skewer in to the center of the cake if it comes out clean it’s done . 9 . leave to cool on a wire rack then remove from the tin and discard the lining paper . 10 . trim the top of the cake so you have a flat top for the marzipan to sit on . 11 . roll out two-thirds of the pistachio marzipan to a circle to fit the top of the cake . i rolled out the marzipan and used the base of the cake as a template and cut around it to form a perfectly sized disc brush the top of the cake with a little warm apricot jam or honey and set the marzipan disc on top . 12 . shape the rest of the marzipan into 12 balls and arrange around the edge , again stick them on with a little warm apricot jam or honey . 13 . finally to decorate i sprinkling a few crush pistachios , zest of an orange and lemon , followed by some edible rose petals .