luis suarez is quickly establishing himself in barcelona folklore after impressing since his £75million move from liverpool and the striker has revealed that years prior , he found himself sneaking into the nou camp . speaking to spanish radio station cope , the forward spoke candidly about real madrid 's interest in signing him and opened up about the infamous bite on giorgio chiellini during the world cup . suarez revealed that during a visit to his future club , he sneaked into the nou camp with his wife sofia for a photo opportunity . luis suarez ( 9 ) has revealed that he once sneaked his way into the nou camp for a photograph . he said : ' it was not the first time that i came to barcelona , it was the second . i went past the official store and saw it , but i did not go in because i did n't have money to buy anything . ' i was already going with sofía and i remember that i saw an open door and i told her : ' let 's go ' . ' you 're crazy ' . ' come , just one photo ' . ' no , no ' . ' yes , yes , yes . i 'm going to go in ' . i went in through the door that was open , she followed me and we started to run . ' we stood on the stairs and took a photo with all of the stadium behind us . i still have n't found the photo . then we ran , and we were nervous . it was the only time that i had entered . my father-in-law managed to enter another time to see argentina-catalunya , on december 27 . ' the uruguayan lit up the ' el clasico ' last month , where he scored the winner to send his side top of la liga but he could have been playing for the opposition , if he 'd not decided to move to catalonia . the uruguayan has been in fine form for barcelona following his move and is becoming a fan 's favourite . the forward admitted that real madrid were ' very ' interested in signing him but he only wanted barca . talk of a move to the spanish capital had been rife during his years at liverpool but suarez revealed that there was only one club which caught his eye . he said : ' madrid were very interested in me , but my dream was always barcelona . when i heard the name of barca , i did not hesitate at any moment . ' arguably suarez 's most famous , yet controversial moment , when he bit italian defender giorgio chiellini during the 2014 world cup in brazil and being banned for four-months . ' the bite on chiellini was the worst moment of my career , ' he said . ' i let myself down , my country , my wife and my children . the bites were partly my fault and partly [ due to ] the provocation of ivanovic and chiellini . now they continue provoking me , but now i go or speak well . i am more intelligent . ' suarez admits that the bite was the worst moment of his career as he received a four-month playing ban . the attackers bite italian defender giorgio chiellini during the 2014 world cup group game last july .