new aerial photos show the trail of destruction a tornado inflicted on a small illinois farming community . residents from fairdale , an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago , were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could . but buildings in the settlement were virtually flattened when the vortex slammed into the area at around 7pm on thursday night . officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed , while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way . geraldine m schultz , 67 , and jacklyn k. klosa , 69 , were killed in her home by the storm , authorities announced , while around a dozen people were injured . this aerial photo shows a path of destruction , after a tornado swept through the small town of fairdale , illinois . residents from fairdale , an unincorporated town 80 miles northwest of chicago , were told they could return to their homes on saturday to salvage what they could . the dekalb county sheriff 's office bused residents back to the scene of the devastation so they could begin to take stock of what was left of their property . seeing the wreckage up close for the first time since thursday 's storms left some amazed that they survived . ' i thought my parents were dead , ' said 32-year-old adam davis , who hopped into his truck thursday and raced along with the tornado in the hopes of getting to his parents ' house and rescuing them before the twister struck . he found them standing in their doorway frozen in disbelief and grabbed them just in time . on saturday , he was helping collect what could be salvaged from his childhood home , now full of debris , its roof ripped off and its windows broken . ' it 's not necessarily the mementos yet ; it 's the essentials for now . one step at a time , ' he said . eight tornadoes roared across northern and central illinois during thursday 's storms , the national weather service confirmed saturday . the strongest hit fairdale , where two people were killed . that tornado also injured 22 people . debris surrounds a plot where a house once stood in the farming community . officials reported that 17 of the 50 buildings in the town are completely destroyed , while the other 33 have all been damaged in some way . the weather service gave it a preliminary ef4 rating — its second strongest — with winds of between 180 and 200 mph . it was a half-mile wide and remained on the ground for at least 28.7 miles , a record long path for that part of illinois . al zammuto , a 60-year-old machinist , was preparing to inspect what was left of the roof on a former schoolhouse that he had been transforming into his home over the past year . he will have to start over . ' i do n't know how much of the roof came off , ' he said . ' i 'm going to climb a ladder later today and see . ' in all , some 70 buildings were destroyed or damaged in fairdale , authorities said . another 50 buildings were hit in nearby rochelle . all buildings have been searched , but not all residents have been accounted for , so cadaver dogs are being used in parts of dekalb county , the illinois state police said late friday . the tornado blew numerous vehicles from nearby interstates , and troopers helped rescue a trapped driver in an overturned semi-trailer . as the cleanup began , tales of survival continued to emerge . the vortex created a path through the fields and wiped out a house as it made its way to the town . a building is left standing in a property above . kelly newman , 46 , lost her rochelle home . for her , the storm began with a moment of playful wonder at the size of the hail . she ran outside to collect some of the pieces to put it in the freezer to show her children . ' then i noticed to the southwest there was a huge black funnel thing , but it did n't look like a tornado because it was just way too wide , ' she said . but the telltale train-like roar sent them and their 19-year-old daughter running for the basement . the house cracked and collapsed around them , raining down debris and a dusting of what she described as ' muddy soot . ' the family survived , and several police officers helped free her husband , who had been trapped nearly upside down between two collapsed walls . ' we 're alive , we were spared . our lives were saved , ' she said . a destroyed house is seen in fairdale is pictured on friday , hours after a tornado ripped through the community . candy trudell searches for her belongings in the rubble after a tornado struck the town of rochelle , illinois the evening before . a chair stands beside a pile of debris , including fallen tree branches , as the cleanup in rochelle begins . an american flag is planted in debris , which is all that 's left of the home where kelly newman and her family lived on route 64 in rochelle , 