a british policeman has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family . luke stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma and may never walk again after the ' horrendous ' accident in portugal . the police officer from hailsham , east sussex , was on holiday with his wife jenny and their two-year-old son , nathan , when he broke his neck . mrs stanwick said : ' he is my rock , my hero and most of all the man i adore without question . pc luke stanwick , 30 , has been left paralysed from the waist down after breaking his neck while on holiday with his family , pictured with his two-year-old son nathan . ' luke is outgoing and fun to be around and makes me smile every day , even now in our darkest moment together . ' he will fight to the ends of the earth to recover as much as he physically can for both me and our son , as well as the rest of his family . ' he remains in hospital in the portuguese capital , lisbon , where he was put into a coma for extensive surgery . his father , michael stanwick , 62 , said it was too early to know whether luke 's injuries will leave him permanently disabled . he said : ' luke 's still in hospital , he 's suffered a broken neck . he 's undergone extensive surgery and he is now in the recovery ward . ' he 's undergoing physiotherapy treatment and he is on extensive pain relief . he 's able to move his arms now , but it 's early doors . a donation page , set up by close friend and former metropolitan police colleague alison cat , has collected more than £8,000 so far . ' there are very , very faint signs of recovery . we 're trying to get him to the appropriate facilities in this country but we do n't know what the damage to the nerve is . ' there is a significant language barrier so it 's quite an isolating experience but luke is very fit , he 's a very fit young man and he and i go to the gym together . ' hearing the news was the most devastating news , we are slowly coming to terms with it . ' it 's sad that these shocking things can happen right out of the blue . it brings too much pain to talk about . ' the police officer 's mother stephanie stanwick , 64 , who has a medical background , has flown from the uk to be by her son 's side . a donation page , set up by close friend and former metropolitan police colleague alison cat , has collected more than £8,000 so far . it reached a staggering £5,000 in the first day as colleagues at sussex police and officers all over the country rallied together using the hashtag £maytheforcebewithu . secretary of the sussex police federation mark white said : ' we were saddened to hear about luke 's accident and have been doing our best to help him and his family . ' it is too early to say how this will affect him in the long run and we still live in hope that he make a full recovery . ' in the meantime , it is heart-warming to see the efforts which are already underway to raise funds to support luke and his family . ' the bullshire police federation , a website for the police community , shared the gofundme page and encouraged officers to help luke on his road to recovery . on the post , sean board wrote : ' i worked on relief with luke . you could n't wish to meet a more dedicated officer and family man . ' come on guys let 's dig in and show him his extended family are here for him . ' andrew smith said : ' luke worked for me on his arrival in the met some time ago . a top guy , now is the time he and his family need our support however little people can spare . ' kelly campbell jones added : ' luke and jen are such a lovely couple . this is a horrible situation but they have so much support and both have the determination to get through this . ' hope the money helps on luke 's road to recovery . ' graeme mckee said : ' this is awful . i was at a job just a few weeks ago when luke was a superb example of ' good cop ' . ' this guy is a gentleman and an example to us all . ' donate at www.gofundme.com/maytheforcebewithu . 