there 's always that one friend who with the swirl of a wine glass will leave you in awe of their sophisticated wine skills . yet unless you grew up on a vineyard or had a wise wino whisper the secrets of their connoisseuring ways , it 's likely you do n't know the distinct differences between a cabernet sauvignon and a merlot and tend to swallow more than you spit it out at a wine tasting . dr alex russell , a sydney-based university lecturer who has worked in the wine retail industry for over 10 years ( with a claim to fame selling the last $ 26,000 bottle of glenfiddich in the world ) and whose completed a phd on ' the taste and smell perception of wine ' , shares his advice for wowing winos with your knowledge . top tips : dr alex russell shares his tips for mastering wine tasting in four hours . 1.set aside at least four hours . as part of his research study , russell would have people come into the lab every day to smell and taste lots of wines . ' in most cases , they would be in the lab for an hour and would n't learn much , ' he said . ' however when participants stayed 30 minutes longer they showed signs of improvement and after four hours , they were doing well and got the hang of tasting . ' 2 . try different types . ' no expert has become an expert by only drinking their favourite wine , ' says russell . ' branch out , be willing to try wine by the glass rather than buying a whole bottle and try wines made from different grapes , regions or countries . ' name that note : the main skill wine experts have believes russell , is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent . 3.taste them side-by-side . while we have a distinct memory for smell , just like other types of memory , we can often be prone to forgetting too , according to russell . ' instead of relying on your memory to compare the wine you’re drinking now verse the the one you tried last week , open up a few different bottles at the same time so you can compare them directly . ' 4 . shut your eyes . the main skill wine experts have believes russell , is an ability to put a name to the odour or scent . ' wines that smell like blackcurrant might not actually be made from or with blackcurrant and don’t look like blackcurrant so it can be hard to identify a smell when you can’t visually associate it with the source , ' he said . ' in fact these wines contain chemicals that , when isolated , smell very much like blackcurrant . ' so russell suggests going through your pantry with a friend and picking out various herbs and fruits . ' smell and taste the ingredients with your eyes closed and try to identify them . then learn from feedback - it might be hard at first but you’ll improve over time . ' 5 . if in doubt , add your own flavours and smells . ' if you 're not sure what peach tastes like in a chardonnay , then add a little bit of syrup from a can of peaches to your next glass to gain an idea of what the flavour tastes like in wine , ' suggests russell . ' gradually reduce the amount you put in until you can identify that flavour without any additive . ' russell says there are now hundreds of possible odours and flavours that can come in a glass of wine , such as chocolate , green olive , eucalyptus and coffee .  6 . know the lingo . even if you 're are a food or perfume expert , learning wine and its lingo is a whole other thing , according to russell . ' wine expertise is all about linking an odour or flavour with its recognised name . experts will share information using similar terms whereas novices generally can’t describe wines very well and don’t know the experts’ tasting terms . ' 7 . do n't worry about having a ' supernose ' or mouth . in examining a range of studies , russell says there is no apparent difference between the smelling sensitivity of every day people verse seasoned pros . ' essentially wine experts smell and taste the same but they’re better at processing the information , ' he said . ' similarly , chess experts can look at the same board as their less experienced counterparts but can determine which pieces are immediately relevant more quickly – it’s all about having a processing advantage . ' forget about having a ' supernose ' : ' essentially wine experts smell and taste the same but they’re better at processing the information , ' says dr russell . 8 . start with cheap wine , but do n't stick to it . while price is n't the only indicator of quality , russell believes that it is often the case that the more expensive wines reflect better where they come from . ' plus learning about wine regions is part of being an expert , ' he adds . 9.read and taste . ' wine experts aren’t just good at tasting wines , they also know a lot about how it’s made , where it’s made and all the other important details you would find in a wine book , ' said russell . cheers : ' as long as you have a working nose and mouth , you can become a wine expert ' . 10 . do n't give up if you make a mistake . ' a lot of people avoid wine-tasting games because they are afraid to fail , ' said russell . but it’s okay to make mistakes . according to russell , a famous french experiment in which white wine was artificially coloured red with odourless dye was once able to undermine a series of seasoned experts . ' this study highlighted the impact our thoughts and expectations have on what we taste in a wine – it’s almost like they `` drank the wine with their eyes , ; '' he said . ' as long as you have a working nose and mouth , you can become a wine expert , ' assures russell . ' just begin - you’ll start to see improvements after a few hours . and even if you do n't want to become a serious expert , being able to describe a wine or understand a description of a wine is handy . and besides , it’s a lot of fun ! , ' he adds .