while many designers , some modelling agencies , and even vogue magazine have pledged in recent years not to work with models under the age of 16 , plus-size model ashley graham , 27 , says she 's been working since well before that cut-off age - and in her underwear , no less . one of the stars of lane bryant 's new i 'm no angel campaign , the size 16 bombshell recently revealed to yahoo style that she 's been stripping down to her skivvies since she was 14 . ' my first job ever was lingerie , ' she says . ' my mom had to sign a petition that said they would airbrush my nipples out . ' scroll down for video . model role models : ashley graham says that growing up , she was told to look up to curvy icons like marilyn monroe and jennifer lopez . now in her late 20s , the nebraska native has made a career of flaunting her voluptuous curves , becoming a regular in plus-size retailer lane bryant 's ads and making history as the first plus-size model to appear in sports illustrated 's swimsuit issue - but there are plenty of other descriptions she prefers over the term 'plus-size ' . ' i like curvaceous , sexy , gorgeous hunk o ' woman , ' she says . askmen readers seem to agree ; the site ranked her number 11 on its list of outstanding women of 2015 . trailblazing curves : the star 's ad in the sports illustrated swimsuit edition was the first of its kind - no other plus size model had ever appeared in the annual issue . model figure : ashley calls herself a ' body activist , ' and she works to promote healthy body image . ashley graham lace underwire bra and boyshort panty . available at addition elle . visit site . we have to give kudos to ashley graham for promoting a healthy body image and letting the world know that you do n't have to be a size 2 to be sexy . the underwear model recently launched her own collection of intimates with canadian company , addition elle , and she stars in the ad campaign . here the self proclaimed body activist posed away in a lace bra and panty set from the new line , complete with flirty little bows and a boyshort silhouette . add some sex appeal to your underwear drawer with the matching set by clicking right . then cruise through the edit below for more provocative picks that will have you doing a double take the next time you look in the mirror . city chic ' amalia ' contour lace bra at nordstrom . visit site . dita von teese lace full fit demi bra at nordstrom . visit site . lane bryant full coverage bra with lace . visit site . lane bryant bold lace balconette bra . visit site . style at any size : her lingerie collection for addition elle includes bras that come in band sizes from 36 to 44 and cup sizes from dd to h . ashley is glad she 's breaking the mold - on instagram she favors hashtags like # iamsizesexy and # beautybeyondsize , and in her real life she refuses to stick to extreme diets in order to conform to the idea that you have to be thin to be sexy . ' i do n't eat [ just ] almonds and water ! ' she says . ' i try not to eat fried food . i do n't eat dairy , ' she adds , but admits that she will occasionally splurge on a bucket of fries . selfie time : promoting her lane bryant campaign , ashley captioned this instagram photo with ' i redefine sexy by stating that beauty is beyond size ! ' subway seductress : the supermodel proudly posted a photo of this ad in nyc with the caption ' on the f train , literally . ca n't hide these curves ! ! ! ' popular appeal : on askmen 's list of outstanding women , ashley ranked above fellow models kendall jenner and cara delevingne . ashley is also using her experience in the lingerie market to create bras and underwear in bigger sizes for other curvy women . her lingerie line for addition elle includes bras in sizes from dd to h and underwear in sizes xl to 3x . ' this is the new sexy , ' she says .