expectant mom ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had enough time to run a few last errands before the arrival of her baby . but the little boy , malachi , had other ideas . she was in the stanley mosk courthouse in los angeles to pay a fine on thursday when she suddenly knew he was coming - and there was no way she 'd make it to hospital in time . ' i had that contraction that hit me and brought me to knees , ' the mom-of-three told ktla . scroll down for video . surprise : baby malachi elkins was born in the hallways in a los angeles courthouse on thursday morning as his mother , ambermarie irving-elkins , was there to pay a fine . the baby boy was healthy . clerks rushed to her side and alerted officers from the los angeles county sheriff 's department who were inside the courthouse . deputy marquette oliver ran over to assist her . ' she was like , ' i 'm having the baby right now ' , ' oliver recalled . ' i was like , `` hold on ! hold on ! '' ' but there was no stopping baby malachi . ' i had to push , ' irving-elkins said , describing how she laid on the floor . ' that 's when sheriff oliver said , `` do n't push , do n't push ! '' and i said , `` oh , i 've got to push '' . ' relief : ambermarie irving-elkins laughs about the birth while in hospital with her healthy newborn son . helping hand : deputy marquette oliver was in the courthouse and told her to stop pushing - but she could not . at the ready : he shows how he bent down to catch the baby boy as he slipped onto the floor . she pulled down her trousers and the baby 's head was visible , deputy oliver said . so he bent down and caught the baby as he was born . ' it was all over in about five minutes , ' said associated press reporter anthony mccartney , who happened to be there . ' she gave birth in the hallway , pretty much unassisted . ' it was the officers who told irving-elkins that she had given birth to a boy . officers had surrounded the mother and blocked her off with cardboard boxes in a bid to give her some privacy in the busy hallways . mccartney said people started cheering when they realized a baby had been born . ' i do n't think they even realized what was going on until they saw this woman had a baby , obviously a newborn , on her chest , ' the reporter said . ' they cheered and clapped and everything . ' doing well : malachi 's mother said she thinks his birthplace means he might be a judge or a lawyer . family : the mother and son were rushed to hospital , where they were met by his dad and older siblings . scene : she was feeling contractions before she went into the stanley mosk courthouse , pictured , but thought she had time to run some errands before heading to the hospital - but malachi had other ideas . ' mom & baby fine ! ' the special enforcement bureau of the los angeles county sheriff 's department tweeted thursday , along with a photo of the healthy baby boy inside the courthouse . they were then taken to hospital , where malachi met his dad , nom , and two older siblings , who were grateful for the officers ' actions . ' i do want to thank them for stepping in and stealing my shine , ' nom joked with kabc . ' no . thank you . i 'm glad he 's here . he 's healthy . we 're happy . everything 's good . ' irving-elkins said her son 's birthplace means he may now be a judge , lawyer or sheriff 's deputy . see below for video .