it is a well-known fact that the technology industry is mostly dominated by men , but now , thanks to a new blog by a young female computing student , women in tech have finally been given a platform through which their amazing achievements are being recognized . stanford computer science student lea coligado , 21 , created women of silicon valley , a blog based on the people-profiling website humans of new york , in order to showcase the talents and stories of tech 's best and brightest women working within the industry . ' over the past couple years , i 've come into contact with some awesome women in tech through stanford or work , and i kept thinking to myself , why have i never heard of them before ? ' lea told buzzfeed . girls on top : stanford computer science student lea coligado features talented women in the tech industry , such as postmates exec sara mauskopf , on her blog women of silicon valley . relatable : many of the subjects featured on the blog talk on subjects that many women in the industry will have had to deal with . looking up : the blog has attracted attention from the best in the business , including women-in-tech advocate tracy chou , a software engineer at pinterest . the blog , like the one that inspired it , features photos and stories of subjects in the industry , often accompanying them with inspirational quotes . in the description for the blog , lea says that the goal of the project is ' to celebrate these living - and thriving - examples of female success , these rebels against the numbers and the gender norms . ' in her ' letter from the editor ' , lea also describes how an internship she completed at facebook was viewed as a ' give away ' by one of her classmates – who suggested that anyone would be able to secure one of the highly sought-after positions if a woman had been offered one , despite applauding a male friend for being given the very same job . she recounts other moments of horrific sexism she has experienced while working in various offices - from shameless come-ons from married colleagues to blanket , patronizing statements of ' women do n't code ' told directly to her by colleagues . the brains behind it all : lea coligado , 21 , created the blog after experiencing the bias against women in the industry first-hand . underrepresented : the women in silicon valley blog aims ' to celebrate these living - and thriving - examples of female success , these rebels against the numbers and the gender norms ' . quotables : the women featured on the blog open up about their own experiences of subtle - and less subtle - sexism in the office . it was after such experiences that , lea says , she realized the importance of having idols in the industry . speaking in more detail to buzzfeed , she added : ' as a woman who 's worked in almost entirely male environments , i know being able to look up to someone is crucial for getting through rough patches , for feeling a sense of belonging to your work . ' the idea has already attracted some big names , including some of the most vocal advocates for women in tech like tracy chou , who joined social media giant pinterest , where she still works as a software engineer , back when it was still a start-up . tracy herself has also made strides in bringing awareness to the gender disparity in tech . inspired : the blog 's goal is to is to inspire women to continue on in computer sciences , because it is more possible to succeed than some may think . all together : the blog encourages women to be proud of their own achievements and encourage others in similar circumstances . in a blog post last year on medium the engineer wrote : ' the actual numbers i’ve seen and experienced in industry are far lower than anybody is willing to admit . this means nobody is having honest conversations about the issue . ' with that in mind , tracy created a github spreadsheet in which tech companies could reveal their demographics to world , and over 200 companies have self-reported on their diversity since . but the numbers do n't look good when it comes to some of the world’s most well-known tech companies . dropbox records that only 26 of its 275 software engineering employees are female , while etsy records 19 of 149 and github shows only 10 out of 160 . in her quest to raise awareness , and with names like tracy 's in her corner , lea is hoping to one day feature the likes of facebook 's sheryl sandberg , marissa mayer , and laura weidman powers , the ceo and co-founder of non-profit tech-focused organisation code2040 . ' i want women who are sitting on the fence about computer science to get as inspired as i was by these role models , ' lea told buzzfeed . ' and hopefully , to see that at its heart tech is exciting , immensely powerful and so , so worth it . '