it 's been a frustrating few weeks but at our end we are trying everything we can to make the fight that everyone in this country wants to see – scott quigg against carl frampton . you 'll have seen by now that we have offered frampton £1.5million for the fight – all he has to do is turn up , we will take all the risks . if there 's more we can do to make this fight happen then i do n't know what it is . now it is up to frampton and his people to decide if they really want it . if they do , cash the cheque and come to the manchester arena on july 18 . scott quigg is desperate to fight carl frampton and has offered him £1.5million to do so on july 18 . promoter eddie hearn produced a cheque for £1.5m live on television on tuesday . i hope they do because i really ca n't understand what is stopping them . all the risk is on our side . i have fronted up this money and scott is the one who might earn less . if this only generates average pay-per-view numbers then he might only make a third of what frampton is getting . personally , i think it will do big numbers and then scott will probably get about the same as frampton . it was interesting to see the cyclone ( frampton 's promoters ) statement shortly after . they said this fight can only happen if they are co-promoters . why , if we are the ones putting the money up ? if it matters that much to them to have their name on the poster or michael buffer read their name out before the fight then i do n't have a problem with that either . the fact is it 's not about cyclone or matchroom , it 's about scott quigg and carl frampton . frampton made the first defence of his world title against chris avalos in february . in any case , scott will fight on july 18 at manchester arena . i have held talks with both nonito donaire , the filipino sensation , and kiko martinez . both are former world champions and both are brilliant fights . scott has options but he knows the biggest fight in the super-bantamweight division is a unification against frampton . that is why we are busting a gut to make it happen . now the ball is in frampton 's court . it is looking very likely at the moment that kell brook will fight on my may 30 card at the o2 arena . with kevin mitchell and lee selby fighting for world titles and anthony joshua taking on kevin johnson , the addition of kell will make this one of the very best cards this country has seen in years . many have called for a fight between the ibf 's no 5 ranked fighter frankie gavin to face kell . i can tell you it is a fight that we are considering very closely . kell brook looks set to make a quick return to the ring with an appearance on may 30 at the o2 arena . it 's been an interesting few months for frankie . in november he won the british and commonwealth titles against bradley skeete and now his options look like a fight for the ibf international title against chris van heerden , an ibf title eliminator against timothy bradley , or a straight fight against the holder , who happens to be kell . as his promoter , i ca n't see the merit in him going to america to fight bradley if kell is an option on may 30 . and believe me , it is an option we are looking at closely . frankie gavin could challenge brook for his world title in london in an all-british showdown . the public , more than anything , like an all-british fight . and every 10 minutes since we signed frankie he has been asking for a fight with kell . as kell says , it is nice to see a british fighter with the balls to fight him . josh warrington is in action in leeds this weekend . the unbeaten leeds featherweight is up against dennis tubieron for the vacant wbc international title and it is his first real step towards a world title . this kid is brilliant inside and out of the ring . one of the highlights of my job has been watching him and lee selby moving towards each other . if selby wins the world title against evgeny gradovich on may 30 , as i believe he will , then the stage will be set for a huge world title fight between selby and warrington in 2016 . josh warrington bids to continue his rise when he takes on dennis tubieron in leeds on saturday . anthony joshua marches on . he destroyed jason gavern on saturday , making it 11 fights , 11 wins and 11 knockouts . considering he has endured a lengthy lay-off with a stress fracture in his back , i could not have been happier . people have questioned the opponent but gavern is a guy who went four rounds with deontay wilder in his 32nd fight last year . that is not to make a comparison with joshua and wilder , but more to show that in beating gavern in three rounds there should not be any doubts about what was a worrying injury . anthony joshua made it 11 stoppage wins from as many fights when he beat jason gavern in newcastle . joshua is likely to fight in birmingham on may 9 before taking on kevin johnson three weeks later . we will now carry on full speed with a guy who i am convinced will soon be a world champion . i am looking to get him out again on may 9 in birmingham and should have more information on that soon . then he will face kevin johnson at the o2 arena on may 30 and from there we are looking at the likes of dillian whyte , dereck chisora and david price . beyond that you have tyson fury and david haye . i 'd expect those fights to be ticked off in the next 12 months . people want to see him fight the best now . but this is a process and we have a plan . the huge fights are coming up and i 'd back him to look absolutely devastating . 