hearing the scurry of tiny claws across the kitchen worktop can produce feelings of disgust and despair in home owners . now an animal welfare charity claims to have a solution to help households rid themselves of mouse infestations - lending them a cat for the day . wood green animal charity has teamed up with a cleaning and diy app to offer customers a cat fostering service . wood green animal charity has teamed up with cleaning and diy app handy to offer customers a cat fostering service . cats will not just catch mice but the scent they leave behind can also discourage rodents from returning . the north london-based charity say that the presence of a cat and the scent it leaves behind will often be enough to scare away unwanted rodents . juliette jones , animal welfare consultant at wood green , said : ' we have more than 200 cats in need of good homes , some of which will benefit from being cared for temporarily in a home environment , until they find their forever homes . cutting the lawn can be a hassle - you need to get out the mower , trim the edges and then there is what you do with the cuttings . but amazon is now apparently offering a solution - by allowing you to rent a goat . the goat grazer beta service allows homeowners to keep your lawn trim . it also offers goats as a way of keeping all manner of other unruly vegetation under control . according to amazon 's website : ' goats can eat tons of stuff ! ' they 're curious little creatures that like to at least taste almost anything resembling a plant . ' they actually love to munch away at many types of vegetation that we find invasive , ugly , or harmful to humans . ' goats can eat thistle , blackberry , english ivy , kudzu , poison ivy , poison sumac , poison oak , wisteria , various grasses , and more . your pro will be able to let you know for sure ' . sadly the service is only available in the us at the moment . it is also not the first company to offer goats as a way of mowing the lawn . california based rent-a-goat say its hooved ' grass guzzling machines ' are 50 % cheaper than hiring a human to do the job . ' we hope this unique service will open people 's minds to the positive impact - both practical and emotional - of having a loveable feline in residence . ' the service is being provided through the handy smartphone app , which allows users to book cleaners and handymen for home repairs . the app allows householders to choose the cat they want to visit their home and offers photos and background for each member of the feline mousing team . those looking to borrow a cat to help rid their homes of a mouse infestation are asked to be ' flexible , patient and caring towards the animals ' . the charity provides litter trays , feed and bedding to help foster families look after their pet . the service is only available in london within driving distance of wood green for now . rodent infestations are a particular problem in the winter months when mice move inside to escape the colder weather . however , once established , a mice colony will often stay in a home for generations and can be difficult to be rid of . they are not only considered to be unhygienic but also can cause damage by chewing through wires and furniture to make bedding . few insurance companies will cover damage caused by pests . the most common way to tackle a rodent problem is with traps , but home improvement shops also sell electronic deterrents . natural plants such as mint and basil are also said to keep rodents away . juliette jones said that cats were an effective and natural alternative . she said : ' the cats have this desired effect because they are constantly giving off invisible signals around the place . ' when a cat rubs his or herself against your leg unfortunately he is not showing affection . instead he or she is marking their territory and sending a message to other animals , in particular mice . ' the reason why a ‘mouser’ is the best way to get rid of pesky vermin is that it is humane . the cats don’t need to do any mouse catching - their sheer presence alone will have any mice leaving the premises , repelled by the cat’s pheromones . ' because of this , homeowners need not worry about finding dead mice about the house , nor that they might have any mousey blood on their hands . ' pete dowds , handy 's uk manager , said the new scheme had been created as a result of an increasing number of requests from handy customers for cleaners to bring in cats with them in order to help scare away mice . pearl ( above ) is one of the cats who is being offered for free as part of a cleaning service to tackle mice . those looking to borrow a cat to help rid their homes of a mouse infestation are asked to be ' flexible , patient and caring towards the animals ' . the charity provides litter trays , feed and bedding . photos of the cats , like dash ( left ) and peppy ( right ) , appear on the handy cleaning and diy service app along with details about the animals ' life stories . homeowners can then book them to foster them for a few days . ' mice are unwelcome residents in homes across the capital . ' in the past , our cleaners have been asked to bring in moggies to scare rodents , so we were delighted to take the unusual step of being able to offer 'foster-able ' felines from wood green alongside our more typical cleaning and diy services . ' naturally , this is all about the cats , and we hope that londoners will fall in love with some of the attractive mousers that come to stay : potentially turning temporary residences into permanent ones as a result . ' rodent infestations are a particular problem in the winter months when mice move inside to escape the colder weather . the smell of the cats , such as chico ( left ) and elsa ( right ) is said to scare rodents away but is hard for humans to detect .