discount supermarket aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would . the australian securities and investments commission ( asic ) took action against the supermarket company last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge placed on transactions made using tap and go contactless payment systems in any of its stores . asic also found that aldi failed to disclose the 0.5 percent surcharge it charges consumers paying by credit card in some of its stores . scroll down for video . discount supermarket aldi is under fire for failing to notify customers of a 0.5 percent surcharge on credit card fees six months after it promised the corporate regulator it would . aldi told the regulator it would put up signs at the entrance of stores and at registers to notify shoppers of the surcharge , as well as have cashiers inform customers before payments were made . but fairfax media reports that aldi has not consistently disclosed the surcharge to customers and many were unaware about the additional fees . some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print . a spokeswoman for the supermarket said aldi had carried out an audit last year to make sure appropriate signs were visible . ' if for any reason an aldi store does not have the required signage , we will ensure that this is corrected immediately , ' she said . the australian securities and investments commission took action against aldi last year after an investigation revealed it did not disclose a 0.5 percent surcharge on transactions made using tap and go . some stores still do not have signs at entrances and signs at the registers warning of the surcharge are in tiny print . under the asic act , retailers that fail to adequately disclose surcharges , or create the impression that surcharges do not apply , may be considered ' misleading or deceptive ' . asic deputy chairman peter kell said retailers needed to disclose credit card surcharges . ' merchants need to be transparent about fees and charges where credit card surcharges apply so that consumers can consider using other payment methods without any additional costs , ' mr kell said . ' consumers should also be mindful that payments by contactless or ' tap and go ' cards are currently treated as credit card transactions , meaning that fees may apply where there are surcharges in place , even where they are using a debit card . ' in aldi stores all credit card transactions and all tap and go payments attract the 0.5 percent surcharge , irrespective of whether customers use a debit or credit card . an aldi spokeswoman said it has always charged credit card surcharges to ' cover the costs associated with the service ' . ' aldi is aware there are high costs associated with accepting credit cards , ' she said . aldi told the regulator it would put up signs at the entrance of stores and at registers to notify shoppers of the surcharge , as well as have cashiers inform customers before payments were made . ' however , rather than inflating prices across the board , to compensate for the credit card acceptance costs , aldi prefers customers to make the choice themselves . ' tom godfrey , spokesman for consumer group choice , said many shoppers were unclear about the charges that can come with using tap and go . ' most people do n't realise that tap and go relates to credit so obviously if you 're using a credit facility surcharges can come with that , ' mr godfrey said . ' what we take issue with is whether the surcharge is at a reasonable level , and what we have seen is excessive surcharges going on . ' the surcharge at aldi is not excessive , but i do n't think it 's great they 're charging a surcharge on a debit facility , so people 's savings accounts . ' mr godrey said shoppers needed to ask about surcharges before using tap and go . ' i think it 's always important to ask - as you 've seen with aldi , you might assume there is n't a surcharge because coles and woolies do n't have one , ' mr godfrey said . ' if you 're going to use tap and go you should ask what the surcharge will be , then ask for a surcharge free option . '          