she 's better known as the eccentric grandmother from hit comedy absolutely fabulous - but 89-year-old june whitfield has donned a habit for her latest role as sister ruth , a nun , in bbc soap eastenders . she may be more familiar to viewers as the eccentric grandmother from absolutely fabulous . but june whitfield’s next appearance will see her in a rather different role – as a nun in eastenders . the 89-year-old is set to make a guest appearance in the bbc soap next week as sister ruth . her character will offer advice to jessie wallace’s character kat moon , who is suicidal after struggling to deal with sexual abuse she suffered as a child . when her appearance was announced , the veteran actress said : ‘ i have watched eastenders for years , and have been so impressed by the standard of acting . ‘ it was an absolute delight to work with jessie wallace and i am very excited to be part of the show . ’ the actress has also starred in hit terry and june and three installments of the popular carry on film series . her appearance comes after actor timothy west , 80 , who played character stan carter in eastenders , criticised soaps for not valuing older characters and actors . west told the radio times last year : ‘ i find they’re not valued so much and i suspect that’s one of the reasons why i’ve been brought in [ to eastenders ] . ’ whitfield 's character sister ruth will be offering some words of encouragement to kat moon ( jessie wallace ) . as kat ( played by jessie wallace ) comes to terms with being abused as a child , whitfield 's character sister ruth is on hand . whitfield said it was an ' absolute delight ' to work with wallace during her stint on the soap . whitfield is best known for her role as mother of edna , played by jennifer saunders , in absolutely fabulous . west , who was asked by the magazine if there were enough older people in soaps , added : ‘ from what i hear , there hasn’t been enough interest in older characters . or enough older characters to be interested in . ’ west made his final appearance last month when his character died from prostate cancer . at the end of last year linda marlow joined the cast in a recurring guest role as sylvie carter . before starting her role , the 74-year-old said : ‘ the show has started to bring more older characters in and the ratings have gone right up so i don’t know if that is the reason . maybe it shows that the core audience of the show are nans and mothers out there or maybe because the storylines are more exciting too . ‘ the show has had the lovely june brown for a long time but they have taken on timothy west and ann mitchell in recent months . ' i don’t know if he ratings have gone up because there are now older characters in the show but i think it is very exciting to have good roles for older characters i really do . i guess the proof is in the pudding . ’