a hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing , experts warned last night . sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election . experts said last night that a badly hung parliament , with neither major party able to form a stable government , would be likely to send to pound plummeting by a further ten per cent . sterling has already fallen nearly five per cent against the us dollar in the past five weeks amid jitters about the outcome of the general election . the sell-off could accelerate and spread to the stock and bond markets – driving share prices down and borrowing costs up for the government , businesses and families , analysts warned . a liberal democrat analysis released as party leaders prepare for tonight’s seven-way tv debate showed that 98 per cent of polls conducted so far this year to a hung parliament . all the major pollsters are predicting that no party will win an overall majority , and all leading bookmakers now have the shortest odds on such an outcome . last night , a forecast from pollster yougov suggested the likely result on may 7 is a badly hung parliament . it predicted the conservatives would end up on 297 seats , only slightly down on 2010 , labour 262 , the snp 35 , liberal democrats 30 , losing almost half of their mps , ukip four and the greens one . a second conservative-lib dem coalition would only be able to command a commons majority of four , making it difficult to form a stable government . senior conservatives are understood to have privately discussed the possibility of a three-way coalition , also involving northern ireland’s dup , who currently have eight mps , to increase the government’s majority . george buckley , uk economist at deutsche bank , said : ‘ the 2015 uk general election is set to be the most unpredictable for nearly a century . there may be no good outcome for investors . ’ the pound could fall by ten per cent against the us dollar between the thursday of polling day and the following monday if a stable government does not emerge , according to experts at currency firm argentex . ‘ currencies react badly to political uncertainty , ’ said argentex managing director harry adams . ‘ if polls continue to churn out mixed results in the lead up to d-day the pound will continue to soften . the real danger for sterling is if a coalition can’t be agreed by monday . ’ pollster yougov suggested the likely result on may 7 is a badly hung parliament . it predicted the conservatives would end up on 297 seats , only slightly down on 2010 , labour 262 , the snp 35 , liberal democrats 30 , losing almost half of their mps , ukip four and the greens one . veteran city commentator david buik , an analyst at stock broker panmure gordon , said a hung parliament could be hugely damaging for the investors in stocks and shares such as those saving for a pension . ‘ markets are incapable of dealing with uncertainty , ’ he said . he said the biggest fear in the city is a deal between labour , the snp and the liberal democrats – an outcome that could send the stock market down by ten to 15 per cent ‘ in a few weeks’ . ‘ the negative perception that this kind of government could have on markets could be visceral both at home and internationally , ’ said mr buik . a hard-hitting report by blackrock , the largest fund manager in the world , said yesterday that ‘ a soothing outcome for the markets is hard to imagine’ given labour’s anti-business policies and tory plans to hold a referendum on britain’ s membership of the european union . ‘ labour would be tough on business – and might be perceived as lacking fiscal responsibility , ’ the us giant said in the report . ‘ a conservatives-dominated cabinet would pave the way for an unsettling referendum in 2017 on the uk’s eu membership . ‘ whoever wins – and the result could take some time to emerge – will lead a weak government likely to pass only watered-down legislation . ’ blackrock , which invests in major british companies such as tesco , said weeks of horse-trading to form a government would be ‘ harrowing for the uk’ .