off target : it has been claimed the g36 ( pictured ) does not shoot straight when it overheats at 30c . the g36 was created for the requirements of the german armed forces but it is also used as an infantry weapon in around 50 countries . it is used in britain by counterterrorism police . first made : 1995 . calibre : 5.56 mm x 45 . magazine capacity : 30 rounds . weight : 3.63kg . length : 755-1,002mm . use in the uk : between 2,000 and 3,000 g36 rifles belong to police forces across the country . an assault rifle used by counter-terror police does not shoot straight when it gets hot , tests claim . the heckler & koch g36 is inaccurate by up to 20 feet at long range when temperatures top 30c , it was found . the weapon also becomes unreliable when it is left in direct sunlight , exposed to humidity or fired repeatedly , according to a confidential report . the findings have prompted an urgent inquiry into the german-made firearm , which is used by law enforcement officers across the uk . britain 's police forces use a short-barrelled version of the weapon known as the g36c – and have a total arsenal of up to 3,000 . counter-terror and armed response unit officers use them when they need more firepower than the 9mm pistols or carbines they usually carry . now experts at the home office 's centre for applied science and technology ( cast ) will lead the inquiry after germany said the rifle had ' no future ' with its military . a leaked report commissioned by berlin 's defence ministry said the precision and accuracy of the g36 deteriorated when it overheated , either because of the temperature or rapid fire . it concluded that when the atmospheric temperature reached 30c ( 86f ) , bullets missed their mark by about 50cm ( 20 inches ) at a range of 200m ( 220 yards ) and by up to six metres – about 20ft – over 500m ( 546 yards ) . reports in the german media claimed it also started to become seriously inaccurate after it fired just two magazines – about 60 rounds . heckler & koch denies the weapon is inaccurate . but britain 's national police chiefs ' council has asked cast to consider the findings . simon chesterman , spokesman on armed policing , said : ' the reliability of any weaponry that the police service uses is of paramount importance . ' superintendent kevin carter , of the civil nuclear constabulary , which guards britain 's atomic plants , said it had not experienced problems but added : ' we will monitor the situation and await advice from cast . ' uk police are said to be desperate for a new firearm to help curb the threat of terrorists carrying high-velocity automatic weapons and using body armour . officers are finding it increasingly difficult to maintain their ageing armoury and are concerned by the discovery of heavy weapons among criminal gangs . under review : deputy chief constable simon chesterman ( pictured ) , the spokesman on armed policing at the national police chiefs ' council , has said the findings will be referred to the home office for urgent review . in service : the weapon is used by police forces across the uk . they have a total arsenal of between 2,000 and 3,000 g36c rifles , a version that has a shorter barrel than heckler & koch 's standard-issue rifle . the g36 , created in the early 1990s for german troops , is also used in around 50 other countries . british special forces used it in iraq but reports surfaced in 2012 that g36s used by german soldiers in afghanistan would overheat during prolonged firefights . in the german report , experts tested 304 rifles – including the short-barrelled version – and found none passed precision tests . they concluded : ' the causes for the reduced accuracy do not lie in one of the components ... but rather in the whole system . ' lieutenant-colonel markus thull , of the german defence ministry , said the g36 was now ' not fit for purpose ' . andreas heeschen , of heckler & koch , said the rifle complied with its original specifications , but a gun ' designed for the cold war ' did not meet current requirements . he added that the company had received no complaints from the 50 countries where the weapon is used but vowed to assist with the uk review .