premier league stars including steven gerrard , theo walcott and phil jones could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an adidas sale on twitter . manchester city 's david silva and everton 's phil jagielka were also among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods . this comes amid mounting concern that celebrities and sports stars are cashing in by turning twitter into an advertising platform . the players posted messages within minutes of each other yesterday , with arsenal forward walcott tweeting : ' for 25 hours you can get 25 % discount on adidas.co.uk if you use ' friendsoftheo ' . ' premier league stars including arsenal forward theo walcott ( pictured ) could face an advertising watchdog probe they plugged an adidas sale on twitter . silva tweeted : ' who is up for 25 % savings on @ adidas products ? click here to find out more ! # friendsofdavid . ' guidance from the advertising standards authority states that when there is payment and control from an advertiser , the sponsored tweet should be obviously identifiable . british celebrities have been advised to include the word ' ad ' or ' spon ' to show if something is an advert or sponsored . the watchdog has previously banned a nike campaign featuring tweets from wayne rooney , one of its brand ambassadors , because they were not clearly identified as promotional messages . players including steven gerrard ( pictured ) and everton 's phil jagielka were among around a dozen players sponsored by the firm who urged millions of followers to buy the knock-down goods . it was the first uk company to have a twitter campaign banned , after the asa ruled in 2012 that the use of the personal accounts of footballers broke the rules . the manchester united striker , who has more than 11 million followers , tweeted : ' my resolution — to start the year as a champion , and finish it as a champion ... # makeitcount gonike.me/makeitcount ' . a tweet from jack wilshere said : ' in 2012 , i will come back for my club — and be ready for my country. # makeitcount.gonike.me/makeitcount ' . both footballers were banned from repeating the messages and nike was warned about ensuring all twitter advertising is easily identifiable . england footballer phil jones and manchester city 's david silva posted messages within minutes of each other . but another one of rooney 's tweets was said to have not breached advertising rules because its language was markedly different from the footballer 's usual twitter messages . this tweet said : ' the pitches change . the killer instinct does n't . own the turf , anywhere . @ nikefootball # myground . ' the advertising standards authority has not yet received any complaints about the promotional tweets for adidas . but a spokesman said : ' if we receive complaints that tweets have broken rules , we will investigate . ' marketing communications must be obviously identifiable as such . ' if any social media account ( including celebrity twitter accounts ) are tweeting ads and it 's not clear from the context that these are marketing communications then they need to be labelled as an ad . ' some fans saw straight through the players ' adidas tweets , with gx blue ‏tweeting : ' i bet you david silva did n't write that tweet himself ! ! ' a spokesman for adidas said : ' to our knowledge , there have not been any complaints about the tweets and we have not been contacted by the asa with regards to this matter . ' this is a promotion we run several times a year in collaboration with our players to offer fans a sizeable discount and the tweets are clearly identifiable as marketing communication . '