steven finn believes pace does not matter in his quest to break back into england 's test squad . the middlesex seamer admitted he finds it ' baffling ' he faces criticism for not hitting the highly-prized 90mph mark , vowing to chase an england recall despite missing the west indies tour . the 26-year-old was one of the few pluses of a dismal world cup run , and is now intent on forcing his way into the reckoning for next summer 's test challenges against new zealand and australia . finn , pictured at the middlesex photo call ahead of the county season , has vowed to regain his england place . finn hit back at those critics who say he should be hitting the 90mph mark with his bowling . ' the frustrating thing is that i 've never been somebody who bowls 90 miles an hour for a whole day of cricket , that 's simply never happened in my career , ' said finn . ' so it 's frustrating when people say ' you 've lost pace , you 've lost this , you 've lost that ' when i have n't . ' maybe i bowled the odd spell up above 90 that i 'm working back towards , but consistently my paces have been the same as they have in the past . ' but because there are other bowlers in the world who are bowling 95 miles an hour consistently , it 's like we 're searching for that , and it 's almost falling on my head . ' it 's as though people are saying ' you 're the guy who 's done it for a few spells , so why are n't you doing it all the time ? ' . ' so it 's frustrating that people keep talking about that , because if you 're taking wickets , why does it matter if you 're bowling 87 or 93 miles an hour . finn celebrates a wicket during england 's world cup win over scotland back in february . finn , seen after taking five wickets in england 's world cup warm-up over india , was a high point of the tour . ' what does it matter ? you 're taking wickets . ' so that to me is baffling and it 's silly to me , i find it stupid , but each to their own . ' yes there might be a couple of extra miles an hour in there , as i 've always been searching for . ' ever since i was 20 and came into international cricket i 've always been looking at how i am going to get better and make myself a member of the england team who is hard to be left out . ' and that 's what i 'm working back towards , and i certainly feel i 'm on the way . ' watford-born finn was sent home midway through england 's disastrous ashes tour that ended in 5-0 defeat early last year . the pace bowler wrestled with his action for months , but has since hit back to form , and is now confident he can reach new heights and resurrect his test career . coach peter moores overlooked finn for the current three-test west indies tour , but has told the middlesex star he remains in england 's plans . finn fixes the hair of team-mate tim murtagh as middlesex posed for their traditional pre-season photograph . finn shares a joke with neil dexter as the team convened at lord 's ahead of the new county campaign . ' i 've been told i 'm doing nothing wrong , but obviously to be left out of a tour obviously i am doing something wrong , ' said finn . ' so again , all i can do , and this is what they said to me , is to go and take wickets , enjoy playing for middlesex , and ' you 're very much in our thoughts ' . ' it 's reassuring for me to know that i 've not been totally discarded as england cricketer because that would frustrate me and anger me deeply because i still feel i 've got something to give to english cricket . ' i 'm moving in the right direction , i feel like i 'm there and that i can compete in international cricket , because i did this winter . ' and it 's just about finding that extra little bit that 's going to turn me from being a fringe player into someone who 's in the team . ' that 's where i was a couple of years ago , i 'm not saying i 'm looking to the past : i do n't want to be the bowler i used to be , i want to be the bowler that i can be . ' and if i do that i think i 've got a very good chance of being involved with england . ' 