a bedlington lurcher named twiglet suffered a ' serious hallucinogenic episode ' after accidentally eating a stash of drugs he found at a village bus stop . vet nick fisher , 31 , from leintwardine , shropshire , said twiglet was left behaving strangely after swallowing the unidentified substance while on a walk near their home last monday . the four-year-old hound seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drugs near the village bus stop . vet nick fisher , 31 , from leintwardine , shropshire , said his bedlington lurcher twiglet ( pictured ) was left behaving strangely after eating the drugs he found at a bus stop while on a walk near their home last monday . twiglet seemed to think he was being chased and had dilated pupils and bloodshot eyes after eating the drug . but after 45 minutes of drooling at the mouth uncontrollably , shaking and walking into walls twiglet seemed back to normal following his ' trip ' . today mr fisher , a veterinary surgeon , said : ' we had been taking twiglet out for a walk as we normally do . ' we went past the bus stop which is just like a seat around an oak tree . ' a few people often hang out there and drop things like food and so on , so the dogs like to go scavenging around that area . ' he came back in the house and lay down and was tired as you might expect . ' but then he got up and started running around , doing laps of the room as if he was being chased . the bus stop in leintwardine , shorpshire , where twiglet found and consumed the unidentified narcotics . after drooling at the mouth uncontrollably , shaking and walking into walls he seems to be back to normal . ' he had his tail between his legs and his head down , which he only does when he is being chased around by our other dogs . ' when i got hold of him he started shaking uncontrollably , producing huge quantities of saliva and panting excessively . ' he then lost his balance on the laminate flooring and fell onto his side . ' my wife was obviously quite upset . she 's never seen a dog go through anything neurological before . let alone tripping on drugs . ' i just reacted instinctively and had to treat him like any client 's dog . i took step back and tried to remain calm . ' because of twiglet 's symptoms mr fisher believes his dog may have ingested something hallucinogenic . the father-of-one said he phoned the nurse at his surgery in ludlow , shropshire , to come and take a blood sample and made twiglet vomit . the blood test did not show any obvious medical cause but a veterinary neurologist believed the illness to have been caused by narcotics . he added : ' the next day he was completely back to normal - although his eyes were very red . ' i 've got a friend who is a neurologist so i asked them what they thought it was . ' because of the circumstances and symptoms they suggested it sounded like he 'd ingested something hallucinogenic . ' for a dog with no history of having any neurological issues to behave like this for a short period is usually related to drugs . twiglet 's scavenging days would appear to be over following the unfortunate incident last week . ' he would have been quite an unlucky dog to have had all those symptoms and for it to be anything else . ' it 's not a common diagnosis around our village but there is a bit of a hippie commune up the road . maybe something was dropped or had fallen out of someone 's pocket . ' i have only seen one similar case in which we found a dog had swallowed a bag of marijuana - we just want other owners to be careful in future . ' wife karen , 33 , a farm consultant , added : ' it led to a 45 minute episode in which twiglet showed symptoms of being under the influence of narcotics . ' symptoms include hallucinating , partial seizures , tremors , hyper salivating , in-coordination and collapsing . ' we want to make other owners aware to be vigilant when walking their dogs in the area . ' the vet is urging dog owners to be vigilant while walking pets in the area in case a similar incident occurs .