sam allardyce has outlined his ambitions to qualify for the europa league next season by ensuring that west ham finish first in the premier league fair play table . the top three nations in uefa 's rankings qualify for the competition , with england currently sitting third behind the republic of ireland and netherlands . at present , the hammers sit first in the premier league rankings with 999 points - eight ahead of second-placed burnley . west ham manager sam allardyce has outlined his ambition to qualify for the europa league next season . the 60-year-old wants his side to do so via fair play - with the club currently first in the premier league . p : games played , r/y : red & yellow cards , p/p : positive play , r/o : respect towards opponent , r/r : respect towards referee , b/o : behaviour of officials , pts : points , avg : average . how the premier league fair play table looks up to march 31 . and the lure of hosting european games in the club 's final season at upton park , before their move to the olympic stadium , is an opportunity that allardyce believes should n't be sniffed at . ' based on what we’re being told , we have a really good chance of qualifying for the europa league by finishing top of the fair play league , ' the 60-year-old told the evening stanard . ' i believe burnley are our nearest rivals but we’ve apparently been top all season . ' the criteria includes your disciplinary record but that’s not all . crowd behaviour , respect to match officials and your team’s approach to games - the type of football you play , chances you create , how entertaining you are - also play a part as well . ' things can change in the last few games but the experience of european competition should be everyone’s dream , particularly in what should be a momentous final season at the boleyn ground . ' whether you enter via the front or back door doesn’t matter . the record books will say you qualified for europe in 2015-16 . ' hammers will be playing at upton park for the last time next season before they move to the olympic stadium . a computer generated image of how the olympic stadium will look once west ham move there in 2016 . teams are judged on the following criteria : yellow and red cards . if no cards are shown the score will be 10 . every yellow card will deduct this total by one . a red card will cost a team three points in the ranking . if the red card is the result of a second yellow card the deductions of the second yellow card will be ignored . but if a player gets a direct red card after he got a yellow card earlier , the yellow card will be counted as a deduction . this score could become negative . positive play . e.g . attacking tactics , acceleration of the game , efforts to gain time , and continued pursuit of goals . a team can score a maximum of 10 points and a minimum of 1 point . respect to the opponent . e.g . returning the ball to the opponent at a throw-in , helping an injured opponent : maximum five points , minimum one point . respect to the referee . maximum five points , minimum one point . behaviour of the team officials . maximum five points , minimum one point . behaviour of the fans . maximum five points , minimum one point .