a woman who works as a professional ‘humiliatrix’ has revealed how she earns more than one dollar per minute indulging the subservient fantasies of men around the world . ceara lynch , from portland , oregon , takes the more traditional dominatrix idea a step further , not just dominating her customers but demeaning , shaming and generally humiliating them . and the 28-year-old entrepreneur says that making money this way — which she has been doing since she was 17 — has been a dream . risqué business : ceara lynch , 28 , says her career began when she realized how much money she could make from selling her used underwear online ; her first pair sold for $ 70 . in a recent interview with salon , ceara explains that she got started in the industry by accident . when she was 17 , ceara was on a dating website when one particular suitor intrigued her ; the meaner she was to him , the more interested in her he became . she went on to seek out similar men , eventually finding a website called ebanned where she could sell her used underwear . her first pair sold for $ 70 . a tame entrance into the world of humiliating men for money soon escalated to selling more personal items online , taking provocative phone calls , and performing live webcam shows . taking control : ' guys really like the idea of me ruining them in this way , ' ceara says . real-life dating : ceara says she 's up-front about her job when she 's dating , and she 's had three serious relationships over the course of her career . ' i make most of my money from videos , ' she says , adding that custom videos cost $ 1 per minute and subscribers pay a monthly fee of $ 39.99 for access to her site . ' they are [ point of view ] -style videos , which means it’s just me and the camera , and i am looking at the camera and talking to the camera so that the viewer feels like i’m talking to them . ' ' i just tap into various fetishes and they’re all just under the umbrella of [ female dominance ] . i always play a dominant role , and i tap into things like cuckolding , small penis humiliation , foot fetish , toilet slavery , giantess — which is this fetish where guys imagine this giant woman that’s going to come and crush them with her feet or swallow them whole — different stuff like that . ' besides paying for subscriptions and purchasing the personal items that ceara sells online , customers can also mail ceara cash , buy her gift cards to amazon , southwest airlines , or a massage parlor , or purchase items off her amazon wishlist , which includes a $ 399.99 gopro , $ 1,295 giuseppe zanotti shoes , and a $ 23 pikachu adult cosplay costume . no secret : friends and family know what ceara does for a living , and her dad thought she was a ' genius ' when he learned how she was making money . while such interests might scare off some people , ceara likes the fact that she is privy to intimate knowledge that her customers do n't necessarily reveal in their personal lives . ' i think it’s fascinating and i think it’s also flattering , in a way , that guys are telling me things that they don’t tell anyone else , ' she says . ceara also is n't quite as excited about humiliating her customers as they are about being humiliated , which she says makes it easy for her to compartmentalize and separate her job from her personal life . ' i do enjoy my work , i think it’s really fun and i get a kick out of it ... but i definitely don’t like it in the same way that my clients like it . '