the title race appears to be over , but what about the fight to stay in the premier league ? no one is dead and buried and even sunderland in 15th are a bad weekend away from falling into the relegation zone . it’s extremely close with the delightful benefit that there will be five key fixtures between sides in the bottom six . have hull got enough breathing room to survive what looks like the hardest run-in ? are leicester too far back ? burnley have been dealt a reasonable hand but can they capitalise ? have qpr improved enough away from home to take any confidence to leicester on the final day ? sportsmail considers the possibilities and delivers a verdict . sunderland . position : 15th on 29 points . jermain defoe ( centre ) reinvigorated sunderland with a stunning strike to beat rivals newcastle 1-0 . dick advocaat is overseeing sunderland 's survival bid as manager until the end of the season . seven points split sunderland in 15th and leicester in 20th as the battle for premier league survival heats up . predicted results : five points from seven games . crystal palace ( h ) -d . stoke ( a ) - d . southampton ( h ) - l . everton ( a ) - l . leicester ( h ) - w . arsenal ( a ) - l . chelsea ( a ) l . predicted total : 34 points . verdict : safe . their derby win will have done them the world of good , as will the relative comfort of facing three teams in palace , stoke and everton who have very little to play for . they need to make the most of those initial fixtures because it’s highly unlikely that they will get anything out of closing trips to arsenal and chelsea . aston villa . position : 16th on 29 points . christian benteke scored a hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 against queens park rangers on tuesday . tim sherwood has helped villa rediscover their scoring touch since replacing paul lambert as manager . predicted results : seven points from six games . tottenham ( a ) - l . manchester city ( a ) - l . everton ( h ) - d . west ham ( h ) - w . southampton ( a ) - l . burnley ( h ) - w . predicted total : 36 points . verdict : safe . at this stage of the season and in these circumstances you want winnable home games and that is what villa have . however , with only three home wins this season ( one less than on the road ) they face a challenge . they ought to be ok , not least because a team that struggled to score under paul lambert has improved under tim sherwood . hull . position : 17th on 28 points . steve bruce 's hull are placed perilously above the drop zone in 17th with seven games remaining . ahmed elmohamady will be a key man in hull 's bid to protect their position outside of the relegation zone . predicted results : five points from seven games . southampton ( a ) - l . liverpool ( h ) - d . crystal palace ( a ) - d . arsenal ( h ) - l . burnley ( h ) - w . tottenham ( a ) - l . manchester united ( h ) - l . predicted total : 33 points . verdict : safe . on goal difference . the hardest run-in of the lot ? it looks that way and therefore they could cut it awfully fine with regards to survival . there are two points between them and qpr at the moment , but hull could have a potentially decisive advantage in the form of their goal difference , which is six better than qpr’s . their fixtures are simply awful . crystal palace are isolated on that list as a team without major incentive . qpr . position : 18th on 26 points . charlie austin has netted 17 goals in 29 games for qpr and will be vital during his team 's difficult run-in . chris ramsey may find qpr 's goal difference a big disadvantage , particularly with a tough final seven games . predicted results : seven points from six games . chelsea ( h ) - l . west ham ( h ) - w . liverpool ( a ) - l . man city ( a ) - l . newcastle ( h ) - w . leicester ( a ) - d . predicted total : 33 points . verdict : relegated on goal difference . three brutally hard fixtures with perhaps a mixed blessing that liverpool and manchester city – games you would expect them to lose anywhere – are played away . that places huge emphasis on home games against west ham and newcastle , neither of whom are in form nor have much to play for . it could all come down to the final game of the season , which is away at leicester . chris ramsey has improved their away form but it is a big ask . their poor goal difference in relation to hull’s could be the deciding factor . burnley . position : 19th on 26 points . danny ings will spearhead burnley 's attack as they attempt to escape the premier league relegation zone . sean dyche 's side have two relegation crunch matches away from home against hull and villa . predicted results : six points from seven games . arsenal ( h ) – l . everton ( a ) - d . leicester ( h ) – w . west ham ( a ) - d . hull ( a ) - l . stoke ( h ) - d . aston villa ( a ) - l . predicted total : 32 points . verdict : relegated . on paper they probably have the most straightforward opponents , but have the misfortune of playing two of their most critical fixtures – against hull and villa – away from turf moor . they have won only once away all season so it would be extremely ambitious to expect them to make hay now , considering four of those seven fixtures are on the road . would expect their status to be decided by the final two games . leicester . position : 20th on 22 points . esteban cambiasso celebrates after an impressive display helped leicester beat west ham 2-1 on saturday . nigel pearson ( left ) has eight games remaining to get leicester safe and has five home games to play . predicted results : four points from eight games . west brom ( a ) - l . swansea ( h ) - d . burnley ( a ) - l . chelsea ( h ) - l . newcastle ( h ) - d . southampton ( h ) - d . sunderland ( a ) - l . qpr ( h ) - d . predicted total : 26 points . verdict : relegated . as with burnley , it’s not the most intimidating run-in and they do have the most games from which to gain points . they also have the slight advantage of five fixtures at home . but 22 points from 30 games so far offers little indication that they will mount any kind of sprint for the line .  