real madrid winger gareth bale will be rested for saturday 's la liga game at home to eibar , coach carlo ancelotti said on friday , meaning the welshman joins suspended midfielders toni kroos and james rodriguez on the sidelines . ancelotti said he had not made a final decision on who would come into his starting lineup for the game at the bernabeu , when second-placed real will look to close the gap on leaders barcelona , who play at sevilla later on saturday , to one point . asier illarramendi and isco will probably play alongside luka modric in midfield , with jese joining cristiano ronaldo and karim benzema up front . gareth bale ( centre ) is being rested by real madrid boss carlo ancelotti for the eibar clash . the real madrid boss is to give young players jese and asier illarramendi a game on saturday . ' all i can say is that illarra and jese have a very good chance of playing , ' ancelotti told a news conference . real at least have ronaldo available after the spanish soccer federation ( rfef ) rescinded a yellow card the portugal forward was shown in wednesday 's 2-0 win at rayo vallecano which would have carried a one-match suspension . ronaldo is the la liga 's top scorer this season with 37 goals , four ahead of barcelona 's argentina forward lionel messi . cristiano ronaldo will play and hopes to add to his already 37 goals in la liga , the league 's highest . karim benzema ( r ) and alvaro arbeloa in action during a training session at valdebebas training ground . ancelotti said ronaldo 's portugal team mate pepe , a centre back , would be available both for saturday and tuesday 's champions league quarter-final , first leg at atletico madrid after a short injury layoff . germany midfielder sami khedira and portugal left back fabio coentrao have back and knee problems respectively and will not be in the squad for the eibar game . the modest basque club are playing in spain 's top flight for the first time this season but a recent poor run has left them in 14th with eight games left , in danger of dropping straight back down to the second division . pepe ( centre ) is back in contention for real 's clash with eibar and atletico madrid to play after an injury . ' our thought is only to play a good match and compete , which is a word we use a lot in our dressing-room , ' eibar coach gaizka garitano told marca sports daily in an interview published on friday . ' we are not coming with any fear , ' added the 39-year-old , who will be keen to avoid a repeat of the 9-1 thrashing real dealt granada at the bernabeu last weekend . ' we defend well , ' he said . ' we have lost quite a few games recently but nobody has scored more than two goals against us in those defeats . ' madrid are four points behind rivals barcelona in the la liga title race and ca n't afford to slip-up .