police are hunting for three suspects who brazenly stole an atm from a california gas station last friday morning . cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop along ygnacio valley road in walnut creek . while one man distracts a cashier at the window , another leads a cable from the back of a white pickup to the cash machine . once the cord is attached , the vehicle in the background speeds off and uproots the atm from its mount . sparks are caught flying into the air as the large device is dragged across the tarmac . the man who was previously talking to the gas station clerk then runs towards the truck . he is seen wearing a bright red beanie , black pants , sweat top and sneakers . although it is dark , he appears to load the atm into the pickup before making a swift getaway with his crew . caught on camera : police are hunting for three suspects who brazenly stole an atm from a california gas station last friday morning . swift moves : cctv footage shows the thieves in action at the shell fuel stop at 265 ygnacio valley road in walnut creek , with one distracting a cashier at the window while another hooks up a cable to the atm . final moments : with the other end of the cord attached to a white pickup , the vehicle then speeds off , uprooting the atm ( far right ) from its mount and dragging it across the tarmac . it is not clear where the gas station cashier was at this point . according to police , the theft occurred shortly after 5am when the area was pretty deserted . two of the suspects have been described as white males with their escape vehicle detailed as a white ford f-250 or f-350 four-wheel drive . anyone with information on the incident is asked to call walnut creek police at ( 925 ) 943-5844 . flying sparks : with the other end of the cord attached to a white pickup , the vehicle then speeds off , uprooting the atm from its mount and dragging it across the tarmac . still unidentified : two of the suspects were described as white males , while the escape vehicle was detailed as a white ford f-250 or f-350 four-wheel drive truck .