jason orange shocked take that fans around the world when he quit the chart-topping band last september but he has n't said goodbye to them forever . busy man : gary barlow is preparing for his musical finding neverland to open and the new take that tour to begin . for as the remaining members gary barlow , mark owen and howard donald prepare to hit the road as a trio on their new tour - opening in glasgow on april 27 - gary has revealed to mailonline that jason will be proudly cheering on his former bandmates . speaking exclusively to mailonline ahead of the premiere of his new broadway musical finding neverland on wednesday , gary said : ' he wants to come to the shows , he 'll definitely be there . i do n't think we 'll be able to get him up on stage but he 'll be there . ' regarding jason 's departure , gary added : ' i think we 've gotten used to it . it was very strange to start with it but it 's been over six months . ' we 're just so excited to hit the road . people come to a take that show expecting an extravaganza and that 's exactly what they 're going to get . ' however , before gary can get back to the uk for tour rehearsals , he has the small matter of seeing his musical open on broadway . and as he waited for the premiere to take place in new york on wednesday , gary admitted he was feeling equal parts nervous and excited . he said : ' it 's felt like a little secret for so long and it felt like it was never ever going to happen . it feels quite weird to hand over our little baby and have everyone see it . ' it was the new late late show host james corden who first put gary in touch with hollywood producer harvey weinstein when he was looking for someone to write the score for his musical finding neverland . he 'll be back : gary told mailonline that jason ( second left ) is excited to come and see his former bandmates on their new tour . speaking of james , gary said : i feel like i 'm going to owe him for the rest of my life and he 's loving that at the moment . he 's doing brilliant on the late late show and if he 'd have us we 'd definitely go on and perform some songs from the musical . ' speaking about hollywood supremo harvey , gary admitted he was surprised by how much creative control weinstein gave him and co-writer eliot kennedy . ' he 's someone that i 'd heard about and i was really keen to meet him , ' gary told mailonline . when he called me up i was definitely interested . ' i did n't know how he worked but now i realise he is a creative . he completely trusted our music . we 've had an amazing couple of years . ' and then there were three : gary promised fans that they can expect an ' extravaganza ' when they come to see the new tour . it 's not goodbye : jason orange shocked take that fans around the world when he quit the chart-topping band last september but he has n't said goodbye to them forever . while gary had a taste of hollywood when he performed songs from finding neverland at harvey 's pre-oscars party , he insisted he will be sticking to writing and not asking harvey to cast him in a new project . ' the last time i acted was on heartbeat in 1998 , ' gary said . ' diane , the director of neverland , always calls me jm gary and says she is going to get me up on stage . ' i can not act whatsoever , so i think i 'm just going to stick to writing and singing . ' ' he completely trusted our music ' : gary revealed hollywood mogul and finding neverland producer harvey weinstein has been extremely encouraging since bringing him on to write the music for the broadway musical . big night : on wednesday gary 's finding neverland had its broadway premiere . that 's what friends are for : it was the new late late show host james corden who first put gary in touch with hollywood producer harvey weinstein when he was looking for someone to write the score for his musical . meanwhile , gary admitted he is dismayed by louis walsh 's recent declaration that his x factor days could be numbered and said he hopes the veteran judge does n't leave . barlow exclusively told mailonline : ' i really hope he does n't leave . to me he 's the life of that show . he brings the silliness to it and that 's what everyone loves . he 's a big part of it behind the scenes too . i do n't think they should lose him . i think what could happen is he might leave and then they 'll get to auditions and send a plane for him . ' stronger than ever : gary believes that zayn malik 's ( second left ) departure from one direction wo n't stop the band going on to even greater success . just as jason orange 's departure from take that shocked fans , so too did zayn malik 's recent decision to quit one direction . but gary believes the remaining members niall horan , harry styles , liam payne and louis tomlinson will come out it stronger than ever . gary , who also saw robbie williams leave take that in 1995 , said : ' i think it 's slightly easier for the band . you can lean on each other . i think it 's always harder for the one who leaves . ' for one direction it 's just a transitional period . like us their fans are very supportive . ' finding neverland , directed by diane paulus , explores the peter pan book 's back story and stars matthew morrison of glee and former frasier star kelsey grammer . performances begin march 15 at the lunt-fontanne theatre . former co-star : gary admitted he is dismayed by louis walsh 's recent declaration that his x factor days could be numbered and said he hopes the veteran judge does n't leave . 