a two-year-old girl who died from a brain tumour has been frozen - in the hope she will one day be revived by advances in science . matheryn naovaratpong , from thailand , is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved . the toddler was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cancer last april after she failed to wake up one morning , motherboard's brian merchant reports . after being admitted to a bangkok hospital , tests revealed she had a 11cm tumour in the left side of her brain . scroll down for video . matheryn naovaratpong , from thailand , is thought to be the youngest person ever cryogenically preserved . doctors diagnosed her with ependymoblastoma , a rare form of brain cancer that afflicts the very young . the outlook was bleak from the start - the disease has a five-year survival rate of 30 per cent . to make matters worse , matheryn - known to her family as einz - had fallen into a coma . after a months of intensive treatment , including 12 rounds of brain surgery , 20 chemotherapy treatments , and 20 radiation therapy sessions , it became clear there was little more doctors could do . she died on january 8th this year after her parents switched off her life support machine . by the time she passed away , she had lost 80 per cent of the left side of her brain - essentially paralysing the right side of her body . but determined for some good to come from her death , her family have had her body cryogenically preserved - by one of the biggest providers of this service in the world . matheryn is currently at the arizona-based alcor , her brain and body frozen separately at 196c . her family 's main - although many would argue , far fetched - hope is that one day , science will have progressed enough to restore life to her . alternatively , her parents want the cells from her brain and other parts of her body to be saved , so the disease that killed her can be studied in the future . aside from the huge number of ' what ifs ' , there is the cost . ' membership ' to alcor costs $ 770 a year - plus a rather more hefty $ 80,000 for a ' neuro ' ( the procedure matheryn had ) or £200,000 to have a full body frozen . alcor is also where the bodies of famous baseball player ted williams , as well as his son john henry williams , are stored . ' it [ the freezing ] provides the opportunity for matheryn to breathe again when the technology is provided and appropriate for her disease , ' said her father , who found out about the cryopreservation firm on the internet . the procedure involves moving the patient onto an ice bed , coating them in freezing materials and artificially restarting the heart with a “heart-lung-resuscitator '' . over a dozen different medications are administered before blood is drained from the body and replaced with medical-grade antifreeze , . the chest cavity is then opened to attach the major blood vessels to a machine that flushes out all remaining blood , then slowly lowering the body’s temperature , at a rate of 1˚ celsius every hour . after two weeks , the body reaches deep cryofreeze at -196˚ c . but as a family of doctors , they are hopeful , rather than unrealistically optimistic . and as matheryn 's doctor pointed out : ' her life was made possible by modern science in the first place - she was carried by a surrogate because her mother had lost her uterus birthing a son . ' the family also feels there are ' still considerable frontiers left to be examined when it comes to medicine and human physiology . ' they did n't want their daughter 's life to end in vain , ' aaron drake , alcor 's medical response director told motherboard . ' they 're hoping that by preserving the tissue cells of this particular cancer , they can come up with a better treatment plan , and maybe even eventually cure it . if you look at the global picture of what they 're trying to accomplish , it 's very altruistic . ' but the process of cryogenically freezing the toddler was n't just an emotional rollercoaster , but a logistical one , too . in an ideal world , she would have been flown to arizona . but matheryn 's health was so poor and when she ended up on a ventilator , air travel became impossible . instead , a doctor from alcor flew to thailand and , as soon as she was pronounced dead - at 6.18pm on that january evening - preservation of her body began . matheryn is currently at the arizona-based alcor , her brain and body frozen separately.her family 's main - although many would argue , far fetched - hope is that one day , science will have progressed enough to restore life to her . usually , the brain would be removed from the body and then frozen . but customs and repatriation issues to the us meant it was easier , according to mr drake , to undertake cryoprotective perfusion of matheryn’s brain in thailand . ' the team decided to do so without separating her brain from the rest of the body , ' he said . the procedure ' involves moving the patient onto an ice bed , coating her in freezing materials and artificially restarting the heart with a “heart-lung-resuscitator '' . over a dozen different medications are administered before blood is drained from the body and replaced with medical-grade antifreeze , . alcor 's mission , according to the company website , is as follows ... ' the preservation of individual lives , to be sought through the following prioritized list of fundamentals : maintain the current patients in biostasis . place current and future members into biostasis ( when and if needed ) . eventually restore to health and reintegrate into society all patients in alcor 's care . fund research into developing more cost effective and reliable means for 1-3 above . provide public education as a means of fostering growth to support the goals of 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 above . ' so far , the company has performed over 130 cryopreservations . the chest cavity is then opened to attach the major blood vessels to a machine that flushes out all remaining blood , then slowly lowering the body’s temperature , at a rate of 1˚ celsius every hour . after two weeks , the body reaches deep cryofreeze at -196˚ c . matheryn underwent a procedure called a ' neuro ' . this is where the the brain is removed and stored , rather than the whole body . it is now sitting in a stainless steel , vacuum-insulated container in arizona filled with liquid nitrogen at -196˚c . but the question still remains as to how - if science did eventually progress enough - any frozen body would actually be revived . ' we know we can regenerate a small organ , and grow a new heart , ' said mr drake . ' we know we can 3-dimensionally print cells and hearts . so at some point we would need to regenerate her entire body , or at least her organs , and put it all together . ' then we’d need to transplant that brain into a new body . ' however a growing number of people are showing interest in the pioneering technology . ' our market is growing , ' mr drake told motherboard 's brian merchant . ' the younger generation is more accustomed to seeing changes in technology . any thing you can come up with , six months later , there’s an app for it . ' the younger generation sees this and thinks ‘ sure why not’ ? - they can figure everything else out , so why not this ? they feel this is kind of an inevitable thing . ' and for matheryn 's family , it provides peace of mind and gives them some solace from the tragedy of her death . ' at least , we devoted her life and body for the progress and development of science , ' said her mother , nareerat . ' this is also another treat for our family , we know that she 's alive although we have been separated . '