he 's branded himself britain 's ' flashiest playboy ' , and to prove he 's happy to splash his cash , multi-millionaire danny lambo has bought his girlfriend a £10,000 easter present . the boastful 37-year-old hotelier , who has previously said he enjoys flaunting his wealth , paid for a luxury bath to be fitted in the home of natasha flynn , 29 , that runs pure chocolate milk . the bespoke gift , which is now available to buy , costs £1,000 each time to fill - with melted chocolate containing an astonishing 1.3 million calories . scroll down for video . ' flash playboy ' danny lambo posing with girlfriend natasha flynn inside her £10,000 easter gift - a chocolate bath . natasha enjoys a flake in the £10,000 bath , which contains 205 litres of melted milk chocolate . danny - whose actual surname is karne but he claims he is known as ' lambo ' because of his passion for lamborghinis - had the first-of-its-kind bath made as an easter treat for his ' queen ' . he said : ' cleopatra was the ultimate queen of luxury so a bath that runs chocolate instead of water was the perfect easter gift for the queen in my life . ' a standard easter egg was just not going to cut it this year , so i wanted to get a show-stopping gift to show natasha my love . ' part of my work with my vip contacts involves travelling the world to find rare artefacts , and recently during a research trip in egypt i learnt a lot about cleopatra and her fascinating habit of bathing in donkey 's milk . ' i thought my girlfriend deserved the same but i wanted to take it up a notch - why not chocolate ? ' the brash croydon-born entrepreneur , who claims he left school with no qualifications , says he was told by his headmaster that he would fail in life . natasha poses in the bath - her easter gift from danny ' lambo ' , the hotelier worth £25m . danny , whose actual surname is karne , is known as ' lambo ' because of his passion for extra-loud lamborghinis . he has bought cars from the likes of rapper 50 cent . but years later he says he claims to be living a luxury lifestyle that sees him jetting around the world meeting middle eastern royalty , buying cars from rappers like 50 cent and , of course , treating the ladies to the finer things in life . the landmark touchstone bath is adapted to include a separate , refillable chocolate-warming reservoir plumbed to supply a pressurised flow of liquid in the tub which has a 205-litre capacity . the pressurised taps even mean the chocolate develops froth - allowing natasha to relax in bubbles . the landmark touchstone bath from bathstore is adapted to include a separate refillable chocolate warming reservoir that is plumbed to supply a pressurised chocolate flow through the taps on request , without affecting the normal function of the water flow , taps or bath . it 's a freestanding , steep-sided bath is made from in non-stick , thermally efficient material to keep chocolate fluid , and is supplied with a slotted waste and a 205 litre capacity , for an ultra-luxurious chocolate bathing experience . mr lambo , a hotelier from mayfair , london , went to the bathstore in baker street with his unusual request , and said he was delighted when they were able to start working on his idea . danny , who is reportedly worth £25 million and the star of new tv show , the broker , added : ' the bath is perfect for a chocoholic like her , not to mention the perfect fit for easter . ' i went to bathstore with my idea , and although they thought i was a bit crazy they took on the project and found a way to make it work ; it 's brilliant . ' natasha , who relaxed while eating a flake chocolate bar in the bath , said : ' it really is amazing . i adore chocolate and love having a bath so this is my idea of heaven . ' and when you get out your skin feels great and smells delicious . easter is my favourite time of year because of all of the chocolate . ' i love to have a chocolate bar in my tub while i bathe - it 's so indulgent , it 's perfect . this the best easter ever , danny 's outdone himself with this present . ' the chocolate bath is now available to buy and prices start from £10,000 . when he 's not managing his three hotels and property empire , danny claims he likes to enjoy swanky £10,000-plus drinks at his six-storey mayfair townhouse , which once belonged to tory prime minister anthony eden , or at his other property overlooking the thames . he thinks nothing of spending an extravagant £5,000 on meals at trendy west london restaurants like chiltern firehouse and novikov - and his home boasts plenty of antiques - which include a four-poster bed that he claims once belonged to napoleon . natasha says she ' adores ' chocolate - and claim her skin feels ' great ' after having a chocolate bath . danny lambo , pictured with his personal assistant , nikki , and his fleet of cars outside one of the three hotels that he owns . he is part of a new generation of self made millionaires flaunting their wealth . his purple diabolo lamborghinis has the loudest exhaust in britain , and has proved hell for his neighbours in west london . his other vices include judging beauty contests like miss ussr uk and chatting up contestants at the miss world finals . despite his ostentatious ways , danny claims he is a good person with a kind-heart who is just enjoying life . and despite his extravagant and flashy ways he says , he knows the value of money after growing up in a normal household . ' i 'm not going to hide my wealth , i do n't know why i should . i 've worked hard for this . i was n't born with a silver shoe , so why not flash it ? ' i became a millionaire when i was 22 and i 'm the type of person that if i have money i 'll spend it . ' i 'm not going to take it to the grave with me . ' when i 'm dead and dusted i 'll leave what i have left to charities , friends and family , but while i 'm still here i 'm going to spend it . ' danny , who owns a £100k chopard watch , claims he is well-liked by the established wealth in london , despite appearing to flaunt his wealth . he claims grew up in a normal household with one brother and two sisters in croydon , south london . both his parents were teachers who encouraged him to get a full and rounded education - but danny says he aspired to be something brighter and bolder . the self-confessed daydreamer left school aged 16 without any qualifications - thanks in part to a chance encounter with a japanese music producer . danny and his friends were singing in a london bar when they were scouted and invited to tour the far east , with the intention of later marketing them back to a western audience . ' we were offered a record deal and so i literally walked out of school before my final exams and headmaster said : ' hey , danny where are you going ? ' . ' i said , ' i 'm going to japan to become a pop star ' . he replied ' you 're going to fail in life ' . he bought a 30-room b & b in paddington and with the help of his interior-designer older sister converted it into the pavilion hotel ( pictured ) - and it soon became a celebrity hotspot . danny lambo , pictured at the pavilion hotel , that stars including morrissey , duran duran , pete doherty , kate moss and naomi campbell have visited . ' i told him to get lost and we walked out and went to japan . ' over the next four years , danny toured girls ' schools and other venues in asia , australia and new zealand , living out of a suitcase and spending most of his time rehearsing and performing or living in hotels . when the band finished , danny was forced to turn to the one thing he did know after several years on the road . ' the hotel kind of became my world outside of the music , ' said danny , who was the lead singer in the group called jealous . ' for 21 hours of the day we 'd just be hanging out in the hotels . it was all i knew . my best mate would be the concierge and i 'd be dating the chambermaids . ' so when i got out of the music industry when i was 21 , having sent every penny i 'd saved back home , the only thing i knew how to do was run a hotel . ' i did n't have any qualifications but i could make a bed with my eyes shut , i knew how the concierge ran and i knew how the reception ran . ' on his return he bought a 30-room b & b in paddington and with the help of his interior-designer older sister converted it into the pavilion hotel - and it soon became a celebrity hotspot . ' we had all the big bands staying with us like morrissey , duran duran , pete doherty . and , of course , where the rock stars go , the fashion models follow . ' so we had naomi campbell , kate moss come in and all the supermodels of the time would come for photo-shoots . ' the hotel later became known as the pavilion fashion rock ' n ' roll hotel due to its themed rooms and celebrity clientele . this success he claimed was then followed by more hotels and property investments , which make up the bulk of his £25m wealth . with the money coming in , danny claims he was able to live a life most men in their 20s can only dream of - especially when it came to indulging his passion for fast cars and beautiful women .