a texas highway was thrown into chaos on friday when the door of brinks armored truck flew open , causing money to spill onto the road . drivers pulled over on interstate 20 in albilene , texas , got out of their cars and walked toward oncoming traffic to pick up the cash . a video posted on facebook shows motorists frantically grabbing the notes in between stopped vehicles , while others were forced to slow down and veer out of the way . scroll down for video . chaos : a video posted on facebook captured motorists pulling over and getting out of their cars on interstate 20 in albilebe , texas , to pick up cash that had spilled from a brinks armored truck . the passenger door of the truck somehow opened as it was moving causing a plastic bag with a ' substantial amount of money ' to be blown out . police have warned that if anyone is caught with cash that was inside the truck - they could land themselves behind bars . weatherford police department said all of the lost money had been picked up by citizens . some of it had been returned , but other drivers had decided to ignore the threats and have pocketed the cash . a spokesman for the department said : ' weatherford police department would like to remind everyone that the loose money is property of brinks armored car service . ' weatherford police will investigate and potentially prosecute any individual that has picked up any of the loose money and not returned it to either brinks or the police department . ' joel aldridge , who recorded the video , told nbc dfw : ' i saw people all over the ground picking things up , and i thought maybe it was wreckage . ' and as they started walking toward me the first guy i saw had a big wad of cash with money sticking out . ' traffic : cars were forced to veer past the vehicles stopped on the side of the road . police have also warned anyone caught with the money from the van will be prosecuted . he described how dozens of people vacated their cars and left their doors ajar as they dashed for the cash . ' everybody else was picking up handfuls and running around , kinda like an easter egg hunt , ' he added . ' jose rosas , who was searching at the scene , told wfaa : ' we 're just trying to make a dollar or two . ' i 'm probably going to come back tomorrow and look , ' rosas said . ' i know there 's a lot of money out here . ' his friend gage anderson said they had scoured the road but most of the money had already been picked up .