just two cups of coffee a day could halve the risk of breast cancer returning in women recovering from the disease , a study has found . researchers found coffee can stop the growth of tumours in women who have already been treated with the drug tamoxifen . tamoxifen is the main hormonal therapy drug given to women who have not been through the menopause , and is usually taken for five years or longer after treatment for breast cancer . just two cups of coffee a day can halve the risk of breast cancer returning and boosts the effect of the drug tamoxifen , researchers found . most breast cancer tumours rely on the hormone oestrogen to grow , and tamoxifen blocks oestrogen from reaching the cancer cells . this means the cancer either grows more slowly or stops growing altogether . as part of the study , swedish and british researchers looked at data from 1,090 breast cancer patients , in a follow up of a similar study carried out two years ago . they found that more than 500 women who had been treated with tamoxifen , and those that had drunk at least two cups of coffee a day , had only half the risk of their cancer returning than those who drank less coffee , or none at all . ann rosendahl , a researcher from lund university who carried out the study , said : ' the study also shows that those who drank at least two cups of coffee a day had smaller tumours and a lower proportion of hormone-dependent tumours . ' we saw that this was already the case at the time of diagnosis . ' researchers also looked more closely at two substances that usually occur in coffee – caffeine and caffeic acid . they found the breast cancer cells reacted to these substances , especially caffeine . caffeine caused the cells to divide less frequency , and die more often , especially when it was drunk in combination with tamoxifen . the study found caffeine caused breast cancer cells to divide less frequently and die more often . ms rosendahl said : ' this shows that these substances have an effect on the breast cancer cells and turn off signalling pathways that the cancer cells require to grow . ' the team demonstrated both in in breast cancer patients and at cell level that coffee can reinforce the effect of treatment with tamoxifen . however , they emphasise the importance of taking prescribed medication . ms rosenhal added : ' they are incredibly important , but if you like coffee and are also taking tamoxifen , there is no reason to stop drinking it . ' just two cups a day is sufficient to make a difference . ' this is not the first study to link coffee consumption with improved cancer prognosis . drinking coffee may reduce the risk of cancer in heavy drinkers , research has found . a world cancer research fund study shows the hot drink can protect against liver cancer , which is often associated with alcohol abuse . for each cup consumed a day , there is about a 14 per cent decreased risk of liver cancer , found the study by the world cancer research fund . and scientists at harvard medical school have found that women who drink three or more cups of coffee a day have a 20 per cent lower risk of developing the most common form of skin cancer compared to those who had less than one cup per month . they also found that men who drank the same amount saw a nine per cent lower risk of the skin cancer , basal cell carcinoma . 