pope francis has accepted the resignation of an american bishop who pleaded guilty to failing to report a priest who was a suspected child abuser . bishop robert finn , 62 , offered his resignation under the code of canon law that allows bishops to resign early for illness or some ' grave ' reason that makes them unfit for office . but children 's rights advocates are urging pope francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals . resignation : pope francis has accepted the resignation of bishop robert finn who pleaded guilty to failing to report a suspected priestly child abuser . action : children 's rights advocates are urging pope francis to do much more to deal with clergy who become embroiled in child sex scandals . finn , who leads the diocese of kansas city-st. joseph in missouri , got into trouble after he waited six months before notifying police about the reverand shawn ratigan . ratigan had a computer containing hundreds of lewd photos of young girls taken in and around churches where he worked . he was eventually sentenced to 50 years in prison after pleading guilty to child pornography charges . finn pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of failure to report suspected abuse and was sentenced to two years ' probation in 2012 . it has made him the highest-ranking church official in the u.s. to be convicted of failing to take action in response to abuse allegations . since then , he has faced constant pressure from local roman catholics to step down , with some parishioners petitioning francis to remove him from the diocese . outrage : protesters , background left , shout as rev . juan barros , center left , enters the cathedral for the ceremony to assume as bishop in osorno , southern chile . barros was ordained amid protests by sex-abuse victims who accuse him of covering up crimes his mentor rev . fernando karadima whom the vatican has sanctioned for abusing young boys . despite a catalog of child sex cases within the catholic church , so far , no u.s. bishop has been forcibly removed for covering up guilty clergy . anne barrett doyle , co-director of the online abuse resource bishopaccountability.org , said while finn 's resignation was a welcome step - more has to be done . she has called on francis to publicly state that he was removed for mismanaging the ratigan case and failing to protect children . she noted that bishops had been allowed to resign under the previous two popes , but that the vatican has never publicly linked their resignations to mishandling abuse cases . ' we urge pope francis to issue such a statement immediately . that would be unprecedented , and it would send a bracing message to bishops and religious superiors worldwide that a new era has begun , ' she said . meanwhile u.s. victims group snap , praised finn 's resignation as a ' tiny but belated step forward . ' david clohessy , a spokesman for snap said : ' after centuries of abuse and cover-up done in secrecy ... one pope has finally seen fit to oust one bishop for complicity in clergy sex crimes.that 's encouraging . but it 's only a very tiny drop of reform in an enormous bucket of horror . ' church : the sacred heart of jesus church in santiago , where bishop juan barros is said by at least three victims to have witnessed sexual molestation . last fall , the vatican sent a canadian archbishop to finn 's diocese as part of an investigation of his leadership . but until tuesday , there had been no word about what the pope would do . pope francis is facing similar pressure to remove a chilean bishop , juan barros , amid an unprecedented outcry over his appointment because of his longtime affiliation with the reverend fernando karadima , who was sanctioned by the vatican in 2011 for sexually abusing minors . karadima 's victims say barros witnessed their abuse decades ago . but he has denied knowing anything until he read news reports of karadima 's crimes in 2010 . the vatican has defended the appointment . in a statement issued by the diocese , finn said it had been an ' honor and joy for me to serve here among so many good people of faith . ' he asked for prayers for the next bishop . francis has already tapped archbishop joseph naumann to lead the diocese temporarily until a new bishop is named . naumann said he prayed ' that the coming weeks and months will be a time of grace and healing for the diocese . ' earlier this month , members of the pope 's sex abuse advisory commission came to rome in an unscheduled session to voice their concern about chilean bishop juan barros . they are concerned that his longtime affiliation with the reverend fernando karadima - who was sanctioned by the vatican in 2011 for sexually abusing minors - makes him unsuitable to head child protection programs . 