the jury is rapidly nearing a verdict in aaron hernandez 's murder trial after the defense team presented their entire case in just one day . prosecution took two months and more than 100 pieces of evidence to accuse the former new england patriots player of killing odin lloyd , who was shot six times in the chest and back on june 17 , 2013 . defending his not guilty plea , hernandez 's lawyers called five witnesses to testify on monday before resting at 3pm . following tomorrow 's closing statements , the jury will deliberate on their verdict . scroll down for video . nearing the end : aaron hernandez 's defense team took just one day to deliver their case against prosecutors who spent two months producing 100 pieces of evidence . hernandez has pleaded not guilty to killing odin lloyd . lloyd was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee . at the time of the killing , in an industrial park near hernandez 's north attleborough home , the tight end had a $ 40 million contract with the patriots . the defense 's first witness was dr. david greenblatt , a professor at tufts university school of medicine , who testified that the drug pcp can cause people to be suddenly violent , even days after smoking it . hernandez 's two co-defendants , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , were seen smoking pcp a few days before the crime . both men have pleaded not guilty and will be tried later . prosecutor patrick bomberg went after greenblatt 's testimony , showing surveillance video of ortiz , wallace and hernandez from hernandez 's home before and immediately after the killing . in the videos , the men do not appear to be acting strangely . the former new england patriots smiles during his murder trial at the bristol county superior court . the judge has said she expects closing arguments to be delivered on tuesday or wednesday . ' this is essentially three minutes after the murder — you 'd expect to see something lingering of pcp psychosis or intoxication , ' bomberg said , asking if greenblatt could detect such behavior . ' you just ca n't tell , ' greenblatt replied . testimony by two other witnesses related to dna on a shell casing found inside a silver nissan altima that hernandez rented , which prosecutors say he used to drive lloyd to his death . when police found the shell casing in a trash bin at a rental car agency , it was stuck to chewed blue bubble gum that also was found in the nissan . in testing , hernandez 's dna was found on the shell casing . the defense has argued it got there from the bubble gum . hernandez lawyer james sultan said he planned to call just three witnesses before resting later monday . the judge has said she expects closing arguments to be delivered on tuesday or wednesday .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .