it 's described as the google-esque hq of australia . with a cubby-house meeting room at the top of a beanstalk and a basketball court and pinball machine for some down time - it 's where all the creativity and innovative ideas come to light . inside the hq of global company moose toys , the cheltenham office in melbourne comes complete with toy testing rooms , table tennis table , aerobics room , gym and a custom staff lunch room . staff can scribble their ideas on walls made out of whiteboards while the employee of the year gets a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday of their choice . but there 's one catch for their employees - they 're not allowed to sit at their desks when they 're having lunch as they believe the great ideas do n't always come from sitting in front of a computer . the first of its kind : a meeting room located at the top of a beanstalk in the office foyer at moose toys hq . moose toys employees joost poulus ( left ) and kate zahra putting the table tennis table through its paces . general manager of products joost poulus , who has worked at the company for 14 years , said the vibrant and creative space brought out the best ideas from employees . ' we 're the google of australia and that 's how we see ourselves , ' mr poulus told daily mail australia . ' our passionate staff are committed to the wow and they love not just the toys but also the environment and the people they work with - and that 's what we 're all about . ' we encourage our employees to have fun , be active and take part in vigorous debates because that 's where all the best ideas and awesome products come from . ' during lunch or breaks , staff are encouraged to use their time away from their desks to mingle with other colleagues , play table tennis stretch or shoot a few hoops outside . it 's time to get your creative thinking caps on inside the cubby house at the top of the beanstalk . employees at moose toys said the company is all about putting smiles on the faces of kids across the globe . the house at the top of the beanstalk space where all the creative brainstorming and ideas come to light . the beanstalk was designed by a moose employee and constructed by the local builder . senior manager - people & culture , kate zahra , who has worked at the company for six years , said the focus on fun helps employees feel less pressured about deadlines or major projects . ' most of our employees prefer to work during the day but when they feel frazzled from working hard on a project , we encourage them to go for a walk , play some basketball , or have a game of table tennis , ' ms zahra told daily mail australia . ' we also get together outside of office hours for karaoke nights , themed dress-up parties and weekly soccer games with our very own personalised moose jerseys - collaboration with others and a change of scenery makes a huge difference . ' on special events such as australia day , harmony day , easter and new years - we hold amazing lunches and bbq 's . ' these social events get people involved across departments , and i would love to say we have a tight-knit group because we do these activities as a team . ' moose 's 2014 employee of the year : brad virgo who scored a gold crown and cape as well as a free holiday . founder of atari and chuck e cheese pizza time pizzas - nolan bushnell inspires staff during moose talks . not everyone has a beanstalk inside the office foyer . children 's author graeme base inspired and delighted the moose team as part of the moose talks . other ' moosepiration activities ' include a trip to an art exhibition , watching a toy-inspired movie at the cinemas and doing some life drawing or clay modelling at workshops . while it sounds like all fun and games , the pair added the most important part of the company were the people at moose . ' the people are the highlight in our business - without them , there 's no moose , ' ms zahra said . ' their passion is sensational and we make sure they 're recognised and awarded for their hard work . they 've put their blood , sweat and tears into everything and it pays off when they see our products on the shelves . ' moose also conducts surveys to give employees an opportunity to voice their opinions on how to improve the company , and our directors take their feedback very seriously . ' by acting on the feedback , our staff know they 're being heard . the directors are keen to continuously improve - it 's an amazing thing and that certainly happens here . ' special guests have also been invited to speak at the company 's presentations called ' moose talks ' in a bid to inspire , provide professional and personal development on a range of topics to their staff . employees love not just the toys but the incredible and friendly work environment at moose hq in melbourne . places and spaces for collaboration where colleagues get together to mingle and share their inspirations . little live pets grace the lighting fixtures - moose products pop up in unusual places around the office . moose toys is family-owned and has been in the business for more than 25 years . moose toys have employed about 100 people at its melbourne office , with 105 staff working across china , hong kong , united states and britain . moose toys is family-owned and has been in the business for more than 25 years . earlier this year , the toy manufacturer won the 2015 girl toy of the year awards where shopkins small mart triumphed over the likes of barbie , lego and disney princess toys . moose has products in all toy categories including collectibles , arts and crafts , activity toys , dolls , novelty items and outdoor products , and has brought joy to kids worldwide with successful products such as mighty beanz , beados , aqua sand and the trash pack .