james milner intends to play a waiting game until the end of the season before making a final decision on his manchester city future . the england midfielder has interest from liverpool with brendan rodgers keen to fill the vacuum created by steven gerrard’s departure . however , milner is frustrated by reports suggesting that he has already outlined a move to anfield . while city head into sunday’s manchester derby trailing neighbours united in the league for first time since november 2013 , milner is keen to ensure that city finish the season as strongly as possible . manchester city midfielder james milner will make a decision over his future at the end of the season . milner , pictured after manchester city 's 2-1 defeat by crystal palace , is weighing up his options . his present deal expires in june and his future has been clouded in uncertainty since contract negotiations reached deadlock in december . only last month , manager manuel pellegrini described him as a ' phenomenon ' and english football’s ' most complete player ' in a clear attempt to persuade him to stay at the etihad . ' milner is a phenomenon , a guy with big balls and a heart this big , ' said pellegrini . ' i hope he stays . if he doesn’t , it will be because there’s an important offer [ from elsewhere ] . ' milner though has made just 13 premier league starts from 31 games - less than jesus navas , yaya toure , david silva , samir nasri , fernandinho and fernando - and wants more regular football . brendan rodgers is keen for milner , pictured in 2012 , to help fill the void left by the outgoing steven gerrard . liverpool began their pursuit of milner almost 12 months ago and a move to merseyside would tick many boxes . milner would not have to uproot his young family from their home in hale and would be offered the chance to play in his favoured central midfield position . as a free transfer , he will command a deal that matches or exceeds his current £120,000 a week salary at city . arsenal and everton have also expressed interest while inter milan , roma and valencia are also in the race for his signature . milner will not make a firm choice though until after city’s final game of the campaign against southampton for what could be the last major contract of his career .