after initially removing photos of an alabama boy born without a nose because they were deemed to be too controversial , facebook has reinstated photos of the infant , according to his mother . timothy eli thompson was born premature on march 4 without any nasal passages or sinus cavities , a condition so rare it only has a one in 197 million chance of happening . his mother brandi mcglathery said facebook removed a photo of her son a pro-life group tried to post to promote eli 's story . scroll down for video . timothy eli thompson was born without a nose in march in alabama and his mom put his photo on facebook . a picture of eli was removed by facebook after a pro-life group tried to post it to promote his story . the story was shared 30,000 times in six hours and the ban was lifted after complaints , wkrg reported . brandi said : ' i posted the status with a link about it saying no one 's going to keep me from posting photos of my child . ' if i can see completely distasteful things on facebook all day long , then i can post a picture of my son . ' he was everywhere and he broke the internet ! ' eli 's parents , brandi mcglathery ( left ) and troy thompson ( right ) are raising money for him on gofundme . eli had to undergo a tracheotomy at only five days old . doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in eli 's skull which will allow him to breathe when he is older . a family friend set up a gofundme page to help eli 's parents pay for his care . brandi wrote : ' he will have to have a tracheoomy & a feeding bag inserted into his stomach , which is also not what i expected . ' i would be so grateful for anything anyone could spare , but if you can not afford to help with money i will be just as appreciative for prayers for my sweet eli . ' he has a long road a head of him & we need all the support we can get . ' doctors hope to be able to drill nasal passages in eli 's skull when he 's older which will allow him to breathe . after he was born , eli was treated at the usa children 's and women 's hospital in mobile for three weeks . mcglathery , 23 , is diligently tracking the ups and downs of her baby 's progress on the eli 's journey facebook page . she shared the good news of his test results , including an eye exam and cranial scan that came back normal , as well as the ' hard blow ' the family was dealt when they found out eli did n't have nasal passages . the mother-of-three has also shared the emotional joys she 's had with eli , including his first successful bath and bottle feeding , and the first time she saw his face without an oral respirator . she is worried about what eli will have to experience as he grows up and wrote : ' my biggest fear for eli is that the world wo n't see him as the beautiful , brave little boy that i see him as . ' no matter what , the mother-of-three calls him ' the most beautiful boy i 've ever laid eyes on ' . 