julian assange 's father has sold his eccentric and colourful home for $ 1.42 million after a shaky start on the market . john shipton 's uniquely designed two-bedroom home at 36 kent street , newtown in sydney’s inner west , was first put on the market for at least $ 1.1 million , but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-march . however the founder of the wikileaks party , whose son is still seeking refuge in london’s ecuadorean embassy , managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on wednesday . the place julian assange 's father has long called home sold for $ 1.42 million on wednesday . the unique home was first put on the market for at least $ 1.1 million , but failed to sell in an initial auction in mid-march . the two-bedroom property was last purchased by his partner catherine barber in 1989 for $ 130,000 . tucked away in the corner of the peaceful kent street , the vibrant home set on 247sqm is a treasure-trove of beautiful and original decorative finishes after being rebuilt by mr shipton in the 1990s . positioned on the doorstep of newtown 's buzzing strip , the quirky haven is a short walk to parks , cafes and public transport on king street in sydney 's trendy inner west . the property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant 's quarters to a victorian villa next door and was last bought by mr shipton 's partner catherine barber in 1989 for $ 130,000 . john shipton ( left ) , whose son julian assange ( right ) is still seeking refuge in london’s ecuadorean embassy , managed to secure a buyer for well over his asking price on wednesday . assange has sought political asylum in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 after britain attempted to extradite him to sweden for questioning over sexual assault charges . the property was originally built in the 1870s as the servant 's quarters to a victorian villa next door . the spacious open plan living and dining pavilion boasts bright coloured lead-light doors with beautiful arched timber ceilings and mosaic walls looking out onto two private courtyards and a stunning walk-through atrium garden - not to mention a roof-top garden . the bathroom features a free-standing bath complete with a rain shower and marble , alabaster and tessellated mosaic mirror detailing . arched windows frame the rustic kitchen which has a quaint stove while the spacious bedrooms have built-in wardrobes . mosaic walls look out onto two private courtyards and a stunning walk-through atrium garden - not to mention a roof-top garden . the vibrant home set on 247sqm is a treasure-trove of beautiful and original decorative finishes after being rebuilt by mr shipton in the 1990s . domain labelled the home house of the week when it was first listed , describing it as being ' a work of art you can live in ' which is ' entirely unconventional ' . mr shipton , an anti-war activist and builder , separated with assange 's mother before he was born . assange has sought political asylum in the ecuadorian embassy in london since june 2012 after britain attempted to extradite him to sweden for questioning over sexual assault charges . the spacious open plan living and dining pavilion boasts bright coloured lead-light doors with beautiful arched timber ceilings . domain labelled the home house of the week when it was first listed , describing it as being ' a work of art you can live in ' which is ' entirely unconventional ' . positioned on the doorstep of newtown 's buzzing strip , the quirky haven is a short walk to parks , cafes and public transport on king street in sydney 's trendy inner west .