an eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial , a prosecutor said . defense attorney john waldron had filed a petition to have 14-year-old jamie silvonek returned to the juvenile facility where she was sent the day after the body of 54-year-old cheryl silvonek was discovered last month . lehigh county district attorney jim martin said friday he will oppose the petition and waldron 's request to move the case to juvenile court , the morning call reported . adult jail : jamie silvonek , the eighth-grader accused of conspiring with her soldier boyfriend by text message to have her mother killed should remain in an adult jail while awaiting trial , a prosecutor said . the teenager is charged as an adult with homicide and criminal conspiracy . her boyfriend , 20-year-old caleb barnes , who is from el paso , texas , but was stationed at fort meade , maryland , is charged with homicide . cheryl silvonek 's body was found stabbed in a shallow grave about 50 miles northwest of philadelphia . jamie silvonek was sent to the county jail this month after she was charged as an adult and is in the women 's housing unit , away from older inmates , county officials said . authorities said barnes and the teenager met in october , when she was 13 , but she told him she was 17 . the teen 's mother found out about their relationship in early march and ordered them to end it . a day later , the teen told barnes in a text message , ' i want her gone , ' police said . waldron , however , has said that because of the age difference he believes the teen must have been under ' some type of duress or coercion . ' he said his client ' cried incessantly and told me how much she missed her mom ' and she feared for her life and that of her father . barnes ' public defender has n't returned a phone message seeking comment . accused of murder : 14-year-old jamie silvonek allegedly conspired to kill her mother cheryl silvonek with her 20-year-old boyfriend ' because she disapproved of their relationship ' . barnes , who was on leave from fort meade in maryland at the time of the slaying , was previously charged with homicide . he confessed to stabbing cheryl silvonek in the neck multiple times while they were in silvonek 's car , and jamie silvonek admitted she was there when he did it and helped dispose of the body , according to an affidavit of probable cause . the teen 's attorney , john waldron , said thursday he believes his client was under barnes ' control , given the age disparity . ' there has to be some type of duress or coercion , ' he said . waldron said he intends to have jamie silvonek examined by a forensic psychologist and will petition to have the case moved to juvenile court . feared for her life : silvonek 's attorney said the girl tearfully told him she missed her mother , and claimed she was coerced by her soldier boyfriend and afraid for her life . authorities said barnes and jamie silvonek met in october — when she was 13 — but that she told him she was 17 . he joined the military in february of 2012 . barnes graduated advanced training from the presidio of monterey , california , and his awards include the good conduct medal and national defense service medal , army times reported . cheryl silvonek found out about their relationship in early march and ordered the couple to break up , according to court documents . a day later , the teenager told barnes she wanted her parents dead , the documents said . on march 14 , cheryl silvonek learned that barnes intended to take her daughter to a concert in scranton . dead : cheryl silvonek was allegedly stabbed to death by her daughter 's much older boyfriend . ' he is not coming to this house , ' cheryl silvonek texted to her daughter , who had taken the sat college entrance exam that morning , according to a police affidavit . the eighth-grader sent her mother a text in response begging her to let them go . ' mom , if i ca n't go i 'm going to have a mental breakdown , ' she said , according to the affidavit . ' i need to go and i need to be with my friends . i feel so desolate mother . ' records show the 14-year-old was upset that her mother had shown her boyfriend her passport as proof that silvonek was not 17 . ' i ca n't stand her lying to you like this , ' jamie wrote to barnes . ' she is lying about my age , ' reported lehigh valley live . cheryl silvonek agreed to drive her daughter and barnes to the show . on their way , the teenager and her boyfriend continued exchanging messages . ' i love you . we can do this . we 'll just drive her car then , right ? ' jamie wrote , the affidavit said . barnes replied in a text , ' no . that leaves us as the suspects . ' the three drove back to the silvonek home after the show , and barnes allegedly stabbed cheryl silvonek . the couple then ate at a restaurant and went to walmart to buy gloves , bleach and other cleaning supplies , authorities said . police found the body in a shallow grave a few miles from the silvonek home . the victim 's blood-soaked car was found submerged in a pond nearby . investigators were able to trace the car back to the silvonek home . when they arrived , they found barnes , the girl and silvonek 's husband , david . the girl and barnes were in an upstairs bedroom and the father was still asleep , cbs 13 reported . barnes was previously charged with criminal homicide , abuse of a corpse and statutory sexual assault . there is evidence he had sex with the girl shortly before the killing , according to police . the 14-year-old was charged earlier with abuse of a corpse , tampering with evidence and hindering apprehension . 