emergency services are preparing for damaging winds to hit large parts of new south wales as residents in victoria and queensland prepare for a week of colder weather . the nsw state emergency service anticipates calls across the sydney metropolitan , hunter and illawarra regions with winds of up to 100km/h expected over the next two days . the ses had responded to about 15 jobs on monday morning , mainly in sydney metro area . scroll down for video . winds of at least 100km/h lashed parts of the east coast , causing this tree to fall on a car in east gosford , on the nsw central coast , wth a driver and passenger inside . they were treated for only minor injuries . they were treated for minor injuries by paramedics . the ses is preparing for damaging winds to hit parts of nsw over the next two days . pedestrians shelter under umbrellas from heavy rain in sydney on monday . rain and damaging winds averaging 55 to 70 km/h with gusts to about 100 km are forecast to develop along the coastal fringe of the sydney metropolitan , hunter and illawarra regions .  monday . tuesday . wednesday . thursday . friday . saturday . a pedestrian is drenched while crossing the street in the sydney central business district during heavy rain on monday . ' we anticipate there will be some more requests for assistance coming through , due to the fact there 's a severe weather warning currently for damaging winds , ' an ses spokeswoman told aap . according to the bureau of meteorology forecast , winds averaging 55km/h to 65km/h with gusts to about 100km/h are set to develop in sydney , the hunter and illawarra on monday afternoon and evening . the ses said there is also some rainfall forecast in the same areas for monday , which are not yet included on the warning . rainfall could be 40-60mm across most of those areas , with up to 100mm in some places . a weather map from the australian bureau of meteorology shows three-hourly precipitation as at 1pm aest on monday . a ship makes its way out to sea in sydney on monday . the bureau of meteorology has been issued for sydney closed waters , the hunter coast , sydney coast , illawarra coast , batemans coast and eden coast . the ses had responded to about 15 jobs on monday morning , mainly in sydney metro area . snow has started to fall at perisher in the snowy mountains of new south wales . perisher will see a snow shower or two on monday with a maximum temperature of three degrees celcius . on tuesday there will be a 30 per cent chance of a snow shower with temperatures expected to sit between -1 and 3 degrees . ' ( we 're ) waiting for it to develop , ' the spokeswoman said . dangerous surf conditions are also expected to develop on monday . the ses is advising people to move their cars under cover , secure loose yard or balcony items and keep clear of fallen powerlines . meanwhile in victoria , residents are bracing for what could be the coldest april week in six years , the age reported . people in melbourne endured hail storms on the weekend and are set to endure a cold week until the end of the weekend with ranging between lows of 7 degrees and highs of 19 degrees all week . a cold front is expected to move across the state on friday , creating the conditions for a cold and rainy anzac day . south-east queensland is also preparing for below average temperatures this week and rain on monday and possibly tuesday . the first major snowfall of the year has happened at the ski fields at thredbo , in southern new south wales near the victoria border . the area 's forecast says to expect possible snow showers in areas above 1200m and temperatures between -2 and 3 degrees . on the weekend melbourne endure freak hail storms . victorians are bracing for what could be the coldest april week in six years . melbourne residents are set to endure a cold week until anzac day with ranging between lows of 7 degrees and highs of 19 degrees .