ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for southampton 's home clash with hull ... southampton vs hull city ( st mary 's ) team news . southampton . southampton midfielder filip djuricic has been ruled out of saturday 's barclays premier league clash with hull because of an ankle injury . midfielder steven davis returns to the team after recovering from an ankle problem , as does defender florin gardos who has been struggling with an unspecified knock . steven davis ( left ) battles with ipswich town 's tyrone mings in an fa cup third round match earlier this season . davis could return to the southampton side to face hull . goalkeeper fraser forster is out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery , but jay rodriguez could be back from his long-term knee problem before the end of the season . provisional squad : k davis , gazzaniga , clyne , gardos , bertrand , targett , yoshida , alderweireld , fonte , s davis , schneiderlin , wanyama , ward-prowse , reed , elia , tadic , mane , long , seager , pelle . hull . hull boss steve bruce is yet to decide whether to drop out-of-form keeper allan mcgregor for saturday 's barclays premier league trip to southampton . veteran steve harper is on standby to replace mcgregor if bruce opts to give the scot a rest while he has a number of other selection issues to contend with . allan mcgregor is out of form for hull and could be rested by manager steve bruce . tom huddlestone returns from suspension but david meyler is out after his red card last week while gaston ramirez and nikica jelavic are also both unavailable . curtis davies ' thigh injury will be assessed . provisional squad : mcgregor , harper , dawson , davies , mcshane , robertson , bruce , chester , elmohamady , livermore , diame , huddlestone , quinn , hernandez , aluko , n'doye . kick-off : saturday , 3pm . odds ( subject to change ) : southampton 4/9 . draw 3/1 . hull 15/2 . referee : kevin friend . managers : ronald koeman ( southampton ) , steve bruce ( hull ) . head-to-head league record : southampton wins 21 , draws 18 , hull wins 12 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . southampton have won seven of their last eight against hull city ( l1 ) , including each of the last five . hull have lost seven and won none of their last 12 trips to southampton in league competition . since february 1 , southampton have taken only two points more ( 11 ) than hull city ( 9 ) and have played an additional game . saints have scored only five goals in their last nine premier league matches . hull have collected only two points from their last five premier league matches ( d2 l3 ) . hull city have failed to score in 13 of their last 23 premier league games . southampton have won their last five games against hull , including a 1-0 win at the kc stadium earlier this season where jose fonte ( left ) , toby alderwireld ( centre ) and morgan schneiderlin celebrate victory . eight of the tigers’ last 11 premier league goals have come in the first half . hull have created only 20 clear cut chances in the premier league this season , fewer than any other team . graziano pelle has not scored a premier league goal since december 20 and has made 14 pl apps since . nikica jelavic has scored eight premier league goals this season , only one fewer than his best campaign in england ( nine for everton in 2011-12 )