more than 121,000 people worldwide are members of mensa , an elite society that boasts some of the smartest brains on the planet . and you too could join this group if you can prove you’re in the top two per cent of the population in a supervised test . to find out if you’ve got what it takes , mailonline has helped develop an exclusive mensa test to see if you might have the level of intelligence needed to mingle smartest . the mensa puzzles are designed to stimulate memory , concentration , agility , perception and reasoning , which all contribute to a high iq . take the quiz below . adam kirby , pictured , became the youngest person ever to join mensa in june 2013 at the age of just two and a half . while most toddlers are busy learning to walk and scribbling on walls , child prodigy adam kirby enjoys reading shakespeare , learning japanese , spanish and french , and even potty-trained himself . intelligence quotient , or iq , is a a measure of someone’s intelligence - usually measuring in problem-solving tests - compared to others of their age . in an iq test , the average score is taken to be 100 , and a score below this means your intelligence is below average . mensa was formed by australian barrister roland berrill and scientist and lawyer dr lance ware in oxford in 1946 . it has members across all demographics . the youngest member joined aged two and a half , and the oldest was 103 . mensa says it is ‘ a society for like-minded people’ with the following aims : - to identify and foster human intelligence for the benefit of humanity . - to encourage research in the nature , characteristics , and uses of intelligence . - to provide a stimulating intellectual and social environment for its members . this mini quiz from mensa is based on the type of questions you could face if you sat a supervised iq test . a top two per cent score on an iq test will qualify you to join mensa - or you can provide evidence that you are already in the top two per cent of the population . the tests are based on measuring someone’s iq , although this quiz below is merely an indication of your iq - and should not be used as proof of iq . iq is a measure of intelligence , usually referring to a person’s mental agility , and it should not be confused with knowledge , wisdom or memory . standardised iq exams look to test you in certain areas such as verbal and numerical . daily brain training exercises like this can help improve mental agility , and keep the brain working at speed . a score of eight or above out of ten in the quiz below is an indicator that you could be smart enough to join mensa . to take the quiz below , you will need to open it on a browser on a laptop or pc . it does not work on a mobile phone . have you got what it takes ? 4 out of 10 - keep practising . 5 out of 10 - average . 6 out of 10 - good . 7 out of 10 - very good . 8 or more out of 10 - potential mensa level .  the answers to the quiz are below . mensa ( logo shown ) was formed by australian barrister roland berrill and scientist and lawyer dr lance ware in oxford in 1946 . it has members across all demographics . the youngest member joined aged two and a half , and the oldest was 103 .