earlier this week barcelona striker luis suarez admitted he was nervous at the prospect of playing alongside neymar when he joined the club . and if antics in training are anything to go by the former liverpool striker has every right to be a little worried . a video captured during one of barcelona’s practice sessions shows brazilian ace neymar kneeing the uruguayan forward where it hurts as the duo joked around in training . brazilian ace neymar aims a knee at the groin area of fellow south american striker luis suarez . suarez reacts too late as neymar puts his knee in where it hurts during a barcelona training session . neymar shows no remorse as he walks away from a stricken suarez following his painful episode . suarez slumps down as the pain from neymar 's knee reaches him during a barcelona training session . suarez sees the funny side as he quickly forgives his south american team-mate during a training session . luis enrique will be hoping the embarrassing pain wears off before the catalans line up against paris saint-germain at the nou camp on tuesday night . suarez has scored 19 goals in all competitions but most importantly he has found the net in key games . but , despite scoring 31 goals for liverpool in the premier league last season , suarez admitted the prospect of proving himself in barca 's vaunted attack was intimidating . ' when i arrived i was timid with messi and neymar but they just said to me to play as i had done at liverpool . ‘ now i feel fine off and on the pitch and we have a good time together , ' suarez told a news conference on monday . ' i always have gone out to try and do well and i did n't listen when it was said that i was the best in the world or the worst . suarez ( centre ) has scored 19 goals in all competitions for barcelona since joining the club this season . suarez ( left ) scores his second goal of the night as barcelona go 3-0 against psg on april 15 . suarez ( second left ) admits he was nervous at playing alongside lionel messi and neymar at barcelona . ‘ i am very self-critical and i carry myself the same , ' suarez said . ' when things were not going well for me i was grateful for the support of people close to me . the players always were behind me and so was the coach . ' at the moment i feel that i am helping the team with goals and assists but as long as the team is doing well then i am happy as well . ‘ it is not important who scores as long as the team progresses . '