a church preacher is being held on suspicion of murdering his pregnant british wife in a hotel room in ghana . the body of charmain adusah , 41 , was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath where it is believed she had been lying for four days . her husband , eric isaiah adusah , a self-proclaimed prophet and evangelical preacher , was alleged to have left the hotel hurriedly on the day she is believed to have died . whirlwind romance : charmain and eric adusah , who were married last september , were said to have argued during stay , according to local reports . he told hotel managers at the time that his three-month pregnant wife was ill and did not want to be disturbed . a close family friend claimed last night that mr adusah , 28 , flew back to london but later returned to ghana after his wife’s body was found by concerned hotel staff who used a spare key to check on her after she failed to answer the door . mr adusah , originally from ghana , is being held in police custody in the african country on suspicion of murdering the former nhs radiography assistant , whom he married suddenly last september – following a whirlwind romance – in a wedding which shocked her family and friends . his wife , whose maiden name was speirs , already had an eight-year-old son from a previous relationship in wales . christmas wishes : the couple pictured on a christmas card . adusah is the leader of global light revival ministries church based in tottenham , north london and has been active as a preacher in britain since 2010 . but the boy has not yet been told the awful news and was staying with his father , a british man , last night . mr adusah is the leader of global light revival ministries church based in tottenham , north london and has been active as a preacher in britain since 2010 . he has led sermons he describes as ‘ divine visitation’ events across the uk and ireland , receiving £1million in charitable donations in five years and giving sermons on religious satellite television channels . a close family friend last night accused mr adusah of being a ‘ wolf in sheep’s clothing’ , telling the mail on sunday : ‘ we think he brainwashed her . ’ mrs adusah – who was considered the ‘ first lady’ of her husband’s ministry – grew up in arbroath in scotland , and studied a degree in photojournalism at swansea university . she worked as a radiography assistant in the welsh nhs and later separated from the father of her son . she was described as a ‘ free spirit’ who started following mr adusah’s church around two years ago . they started a relationship early last year and married in september in london . the couple had travelled to ghana early this month so mr adusah could preach at a three-day religious conference hosted by controversial evangelist ‘bishop’ john yaw adu , who has been exposed for chaining up mentally ill patients at ‘ prayer camps’ for days on end so he could ‘heal’ them through prayer . local reports claim mr adusah and his wife had argued at the start of the trip and he had booked himself into a budget motel alone , leaving her to stay with bishop yaw adu . happier times : the body of charmain adusah , left , was discovered by hotel staff face down in a bath . husband eric isaiah adusah is being held on suspicion of her murder . arrest : eric isaiah adusah , a ghanaian british based pastor , has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his pregnant british wife charmain spears . after the conference ended , the couple apparently reconciled and checked into the mac-dic royal plaza hotel in koforidua , where they booked in for five days on march 16 . the upmarket hotel has security gates and tropical gardens . the couple were said to have argued over the length of their stay , according to the reports , with mrs adusah apparently wanting to stay in ghana for a month but her husband saying it was far too long . mr adusah is said to have left the hotel at dawn the next day and warned reception that his wife did not want to be disturbed . but hotel managers became concerned when she still had not left the room and would not respond to knocks on the door . on march 20 hotel porters used a spare key to gain access to the room . a spokesman for criminal investigation department ( cid ) at the police headquarters in koforidua said mrs adusah was ‘ found dead in the bath lying prostrate with a white towel wrapped around her , almost in a decomposed state’ . her close friend christine stephen , 42 , of camberley , surrey , who has known mrs adusah since childhood , told the mail on sunday that the family did not hear about her death until march 21 . she said : ‘ i spoke to charmain’s family and they said eric had been in touch on that saturday to say she had died . he said he was flying back to ghana to identify her body on sunday . tragic : charmain adusah was found face down in a bath by hotel staff in ghana . the global light revival ministries , founded by eric adusah in 2010 , is a revivalist evangelical movement registered as a british charity and has received more than £1m in donations . it hosts gatherings across the uk and ireland . he also told them he had returned to england because he had a three-day church event he had to attend here . but he was vague about the details of what happened , saying she had wanted to remain out there to help underprivileged children . ‘charmain’s family couldn’t get hold of him after that saturday , presumably because he had been arrested back in ghana . ’ mrs stephen said none of her friends took to him . ‘ we thought he tried to cut her off from us , that he had brain-washed her . what person declares himself a prophet ? charmain was religious but she wasn’t a pastor . ’ mrs stephen said the family wants to go to ghana and repatriate their daughter’s body but they can not afford it . charmain’s mother linda speirs , 61 , last night said she had been given legal advice not to comment . a foreign office spokesman said : ‘ we confirm the death of a british national in ghana . mr adusah has not requested consular assistance . ’ a representative of mr adusah’s church said : ‘ there is no story . she died of natural causes . ’  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .