seaworld has been accused of drugging killer whales , painting over their injuries and keeping them in pools so shallow they get sunburned . a lawsuit filed by joyce kuhl , a grandmother from south carolina who visited the orlando park in 2013 , claims orcas are being kept in 8ft deep holding pools , leaving the marine animals ' essentially roasting ' . in her suit , ms kuhl alleges that the resulting burns are so bad staff are forced to paint the orcas with black zinc oxide to disguise the injuries . scroll down for video . accusations : a lawsuit claims the orcas at seaworld orlando are being kept in shallow holding pools which give them such bad sunburns staff are forced to paint them to disguise the injuries . ms kuhl wants to have her $ 97 ticket reimbursed , as well as tickets for millions of other visitors who have been to the park in the past four years , accusing seaworld of ' false , misleading and deceptive business practices , ' the orlando sentinel reports . in her suit she also alleges that the giant marine mammals are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at seaworld , and that the chlorine used in their tanks is ' many times stronger than household bleach ' . kuhl 's suit details allegations of forced breeding , incestuous inbreeding and whales kept together in ways that make them hyper-aggressive so that they fight and inflict deep gashes on each other . she claims to have witnessed whales ' banging their heads against their tanks and grinding their teeth on the walls , floors and bars until their teeth break or are worn to the pulp , allegedly because of boredom , frustration and ennui , ' the guardian reports . this is the second lawsuit against seaworld in less than one month , with similar filed in california which accuse the company of ' misleading the public ' by claiming that their killer whales are happy . the lawsuit also alleges that the giant marine mammals are being deprived of food for days while being trained to perform at seaworld . this follows a failed social media campaign last month , during which seaworld organised a q & a on twitter using the hashtag # askseaworld . instead of the intended questions about opening hours , animals and attractions , the company was asked if their ' tanks were filled with orca tears ' . many people used the opportunity to express their anger at the company and questioned its ethics for keeping killer whales and other animals in captivity , often in solitary confinement . user @ ashleecheese_ tweeted : ' why do you keep breeding whales when you barely have enough room for one ? # askseaworld . ' another campaigner @ jennyleeisme followed suit and tweeted : ' do you really believe shamu stadium is the most advanced marine mammal habitat ? have you seen the ocean ? # askseaworld . ' animal rights group peta was quick to make its views known , tweeting a series of photographs of the marine creatures , reportedly showing signs of their distress . the backlash comes two years after the release of the documentary blackfish , which questioned the conditions orcas were kept in following killer whale tilikum 's fatal attack on trainer dawn brancheau at seaworld orlando in 2010 . the 80-minute film , which premiered at sundance in 2013 , prompted questions about the ethics of keeping the large mammals in tanks . since its release , attendance has declined at the company 's parks in orlando , san diego , california and san antonio , texas . seaworld 's stock value has also plummeted . to counter the backlash , the firm , which has participated in animal rescue programs for more than 50 years , has announced plans to nearly double the size of its orca enclosures in upcoming years . recent figures show attendance to the company 's 11 parks between october and december 2014 fell 2.2 percent to 4.4 million from 4.5 million in the same period a year ago . attendance fell 4.3 percent during the entire year to 22.4million from 23.4million in 2013 . during the fourth quarter last year , the company reported a loss of $ 25.4million , compared with a loss of $ 13million in the same period a year before .