the premier for western australia has sparked outrage after saying ' some good ' has come out of the year-long search for the missing malaysia airline plane . colin barnett made the comments which drew sighs of disbelief from the audience at the launch of a new blueprint for marine science in western australia yesterday , watoday reports . search parties have not been successful in recovering mh370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year . this comes as the wife of an australian passenger on mh370 spoke of her heartache , revealing she is yet to tell her children why their father has n't come home . scroll down for video . colin barnett , the premier for western australian ( pictured ) , has sparked outrage after saying ' some good ' has come out of the year-long search for missing malaysia airline . search parties have not been successful in recovering mh370 since it disappeared on march 8 last year . its more than a year since the day perth father paul weeks ( right ) boarded the beijing-bound flight in kuala lumpur . but his wife danica weeks ( left ) is still at a loss about what to tell her young boys . ' sometimes knowledge can come from unexpected sources , ' mr barnett said yesterday . ' while that [ the mh370 disappearance ] is a great human tragedy there will be some good come out of it and the knowledge of the deep sea , and the seabed conditions will probably exceed anywhere in the world . ' he continued to say that volcanoes have been discovered as well as fresh water lakes and waterfalls . mr barnett also added the search has helped uncover ' features of the marine bed that many did not believe was likely to exist ' . the search of missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 continues a year after its disappearance . the search party watches the launch of the phoenix autonomous underwater vehicle ( auv ) as part of the search operation for mh370 . a crewman of an raaf ap-3c orion aircraft looks out his observation window whilst searching for missing flight mh370 . hmas perth transits through the southern indian ocean searching for debris from mh370 . its more than a year since the day perth father paul weeks boarded the beijing-bound flight in kuala lumpur . but his wife danica weeks is still at a loss about what to tell her young boys - and where their beloved father has gone . ms weeks said despite being advised by people that she needs to tell lincoln , 4 , and jack , 2 , what happened to him , she refuses to lie to their sons and will wait until the truth is discovered . flight mh370 vanished on march 8 , 2014 while travelling from kuala lumpur to beijing with 239 people on board - among the passengers was mr weeks . the plane dropped off the civilian radar after its transponder and other equipment were switched off shortly after takeoff from kuala lumpur . it was then tracked by malaysia’s military radar heading towards the indian ocean .