the renowned sports psychiatrist dr steve peters claims he did little more than give jonathan trott the tools to rebuild his england career . warwickshire batsman trott touched down in the west indies with england on thursday night , back in the international set-up for the first time since leaving last winter 's ashes tour with a stress-related illness . trott has spoken openly of his struggles since , but has slowly rehabilitated his career with both warwickshire and the england lions and is now on the brink of returning to tests . jonathan trott returns to the england set-up for the first time since taking a break with a stress-related illness . the 33-year-old has worked extensively with dr peters during the last year , learning from a man who has done notable work with the british cycling team , liverpool fc and ronnie o'sullivan , and who introduced the ' chimp paradox ' in a bid to help people better manage their own minds . but speaking in the independent , peters said there is no magic cure and that trott had worked hard to counter his problems , which he described as ' situational anxiety ' . he wrote : ' he ticked all the boxes . it was a foregone conclusion to me that he would make massive progress - i just hoped that he would then perform as he has been doing and justify his place . now he has done that . dr steve peters worked with the batsman and gave him the necessary tools to return to the game . ' he 's an incredible cricketer . the advice i give to most of the people i work with is not to go public because obviously you 're training people to do a skill . a lot of people do n't understand it is a skill and therefore you might not get it right . ' people are expecting a magic-wand cure and that 's not really the way it works . jonathan decided he wanted to go public about this because he has done so well . ' it 's a credit to the man . you can have periods in sport , sometimes a whole season , when things just are n't happening and you 're just digging even harder to make it happen again - that 's effectively what jonathan has done . trott has impressed since returning for warwickshire and the england lions , earning his return to the squad . ' from a psychological point of view , jonathan is quite robust and certainly determined . it was just a case of giving him the tools to understand what was going on . ' peters , who helped mentor the golden generation of british cyclists and also worked with o'sullivan for his last two world titles , can see no reason why trott will not make a successful return to test cricket . ' what jonathan did was to take it very seriously , he meant business , which is a measure of the man , ' he added . peters ( left ) has worked with liverpool , ronnie o'sullivan and the england football team in recent years . ' he was very open , hard-working , and what i effectively told him to do was to get some insights into the way his mind was working . then it was up to him to operate [ his mind ] in the way he wanted it to , rather than it dictating to him what was going happen . ' i do n't have a recipe for people . it 's up to the player himself to manage the mind in the way they want to in the future . that 's something anyone can do , it 's not something you only do when you 're distressed . jonathan had what became a situational anxiety , and once that was understood , he was able to manage it . ' my feeling is that he 'll do very well and he wo n't have any problems now because he has that insight . ' trott reacts while bowling during a friendly match at edgbaston , birmingham during his comeback . 