a university of iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery attack in rome . andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , had only just arrived for a semester program in italy when the incident happened in january . he was flown back to chicago via air ambulance on march 20 , but he died on sunday . andrew mogni , 20 , from glen ellyn , illinois , a university of iowa student has died nearly three months after a fall in rome in a suspected robbery . he was taken to a medical facility in the chicago area , close to his family home in glen ellyn . he died on sunday at northwestern memorial hospital - medical examiner 's office spokesman frank shuftan says a cause of death wo n't be released until monday at the earliest . initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that mogni was robbed . on sunday , his cousin abby wrote online : ' this morning my cousin andrew 's soul was lifted up to heaven . initial police reports indicated the fall was an accident but authorities are investigating the possibility that mogni was robbed . ' at the beginning of january he went to rome to study aboard and on the way home from a party he was brutally attacked and thrown off a 40ft bridge and hit the concrete below . ' he was in a coma and in critical condition for months . ' paula barnett , who said she is a close family friend , told my suburban life , that mogni had only been in the country for six hours when the incident happened . she said he was was alone at the time of the alleged assault and personal items were stolen . she added that he was in a non-medically induced coma , having suffered serious infection and internal bleeding . mogni was a third-year finance major from glen ellyn , ill. , who was participating in a semester-long program at john cabot university . mogni belonged to the school 's chapter of the sigma nu fraternity , reports the chicago tribune who posted a sign outside a building reading ' pray for mogni . ' the fraternity 's iowa chapter announced sunday afternoon via twitter that a memorial service will be held on campus to remember mogni . 