wedding season is fast upon us , but with the average cost of the big day hitting £25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget . but how do you create a stunning wedding venue without breaking the bank , or wow your guests with a gourmet meal sans the staggering price tag ? from scrimping on bar costs to avoiding hefty food bills , femail has compiled the best budgeting tips for brides-to-be . scroll down for video . wedding season is upon us and for brides on a budget , there 's plenty of ways to save thousands of pounds on your special day . 1 . go big : rather than having lots of smaller tables , seat your guests on larger tables . not only will they get to know more people , you 'll save money by having to purchases fewer centerpieces and tablecloths . 2 . savvy shopping : when seeking decor , shop out of season . black vases will be on sale after halloween , red and gold after christmas and pink after valentine 's day . also , money saving sites such as groupon actually offer entire wedding day packages occasionally . 3 . cut on bar costs : not only will an open bar end up in a rather messy evening , it will also leave a dent in your bank account . instead of letting guests order expensive shots and spirits , offer beer , wine and a signature cocktail - that way , there 's something for everyone without unnecessary drinking and spending . 4 . call on your friends : rather than source expensive florists and stationery experts , reach out to your most talented friends . among your and your groom 's wider circle of friends , there is bound to be someone who has beautiful handwriting and someone who is green-fingered . when seeking decor , shop out of season . black vases will be on sale after halloween , red and gold after christmas and pink after valentine 's day and do n't be afraid to search sites like etsy and even ebay . 5 . do hire a planner : most people steer clear of wedding planners to save on extra costs but , whilst it may seem counter-intuitive to pay for help , wedding planners have a good network of suppliers , know how much they should be paying for something and are n't afraid of bargaining . 6 . shop the supermarket : you may have your heart set on those iconic vera wang bridesmaid dresses but george at asda is hoping to help brides on a budget - by launching a wedding collection for bridesmaids and pageboys starting from just £7 . dubbed ' the most affordable range anywhere on the high street ' , the supermarket claim that it 's half the price of rivals such as debenhams and next and is a ' saviour for cash-strapped brides-to-be ' . the new range is designed for children aged 9 months up to 14 years , with girls ' bridesmaid and flowergirl dresses start at £12 , boys ' formal shirts at £7 and suit trousers at £10 . a complete outfit for a flowergirl will cost from £28 , whilst pageboys can look sharp in a shirt , tie , waistcoat , suit and shoes for £51 . reach out to your most talented friends for help ; among your wider circle there is bound to be someone who has beautiful handwriting who can pen your invites and place cards . george at asda is hoping to help brides on a budget - by launching a wedding collection for bridesmaids and pageboys starting from just £7 . 7 . do karaoke : hiring a band can set you back around £2,000 but lucky voice’s home karaoke costs £4.99 for 50 songs . sure to get your guests in the party spirit , all you need to get the party started is a computer , microphone and a projector with a screen . 8 . go online : if the costs of invitations and postage are something you are n't willing to splurge on , create your own website and share all the details of your big day online . rather than hiring an expensive make-up artist , call on the students at your local college to do your bridal beauty . 9 . go to the grower : when sourcing beautiful flowers , cut out the middleman by calling on a grower . farmers and the soil association may well be able to help you source your foliage for dirt cheap . 10 . use a trainee : if you have your heart set on having your make-up done professionally , rather than hiring an artist , call on the students at your local college . 11 . sample size : if you 're doing your make-up yourself , visit a make-up counter for tips and only buy only the items you 'll definitely use again . for the things you 'll only use on the day , scoop up the samples . 12 . something borrowed : rather than splashing the cash on expensive accessories and jewellery , borrow a few items from the women you love . grandmother 's bracelet , your mother 's ring and your best friend 's earrings will imbue the big day with even greater meaning . 13 . go supersize : if you 're not keen on the idea of a three-course meal , serve a family-style buffet on each table . huge pasta dishes , massive salads and big rice bowls will not only cut costs but also serve as an icebreaker and act as a centerpiece . 14 . ask your guests to stand : consider a standing ceremony if you 're tying the knot outside to save on renting chairs . plus , it will cut down the time of the wedding and thus cost . 15 . skip the bread basket : what sounds like such a simple tip will actually bring the cost down a lot . no bread means less cutlery , butter and expenditure .