michael conlan was on the verge of pulling out of his must-win bout in the world series of boxing before opting to fight and claiming a dramatic win to book his place at the rio 2016 olympic games alongside team-mate paddy barnes . both belfast boxers ( bronze medallists at london 2012 ) , were in action for the italia thunder franchise in venezuela on saturday night , with the pair needing victories to book flights to rio . barnes delivered in style , extending his undefeated wsb record this season to 7-0 with a split-decision points win over native light-flyweight yoel finol . michael conlan has booked his olympic place after results went his way in venezuela on saturday night . the two-time olympic medallist dropped his opponent in the first round en route to claiming a 49-45 victory on two of the judges’ cards while the remaining judge questionably scored the fight 48-47 in finol’s favour . the spilt-decision win was enough to help barnes top the 49kg wsb rankings , with the ardoyne native leapfrogging uzbekistan’s hasanboy dusmatov to claim the only olympic qualification spot on offer through the competition . conlan’s mission was a far more complex affair , however . not only did the falls road fighter need to win — which he did , earning a 49-46 unanimous points win over venezuelan opponent josé vicente azocar — but he also had to rely on a shock result elsewhere . the 23-year-old leapt to no 2 in the wsb bantamweight rankings , claiming the second 56kg olympic spot on offer thanks to his win and the fact that azerbaijan’s magomed gurbanov lost to luis mora hector garcia in puerto rico . garcia had gurbanov down in the fifth and final round of their bout as the puerto rican became a cult hero for irish boxing , akin to scottish footballer gary mackay who booked a place at euro ’88 for jack charlton’s ireland side thanks to a goal against bulgaria . the domino effect left conlan in shock . the belfast bantamweight was close to pulling out in frustration at his qualification limbo , and had all but made up his mind to turn professional in the near future before a dramatic u-turn . conlan’s brother , jamie , himself a promising professional boxer , was just one of the confidantes who contacted him to convince him to fight . coaches billy walsh and john conlan ( michael’s father ) also played key roles in helping the boxer into the ring , continuing their sterling efforts throughout the competition . both conlan and barnes won bronze at london 2012 , and will now represent ireland again in rio . ‘ it hasn’t sunk it yet . i couldn’t believe it . i wasn’t really up for it [ the fight ] at all because i didn’t think the azeri would lose , ’ said conlan , speaking exclusively to sportsmail . ‘ i was thinking about pulling out [ on friday ] . if i had’ve pulled out i would have been shattered now , lucky enough i didn’t . ‘ if i hadn’t have qualified , i would have turned professional . i couldn’t be bothered going to [ qualify through ] the european games after going through all of this . ‘ when i got out of the ring , paddy ran over and jumped on me and shouted , “you’ve qualified” and i said “you’re lying to me , stop lying to me ! ” i nearly felt like crying , i just couldn’t believe it . ’ conlan dedicated the result and his achievements to his girlfriend , shauna and four-week old daughter , luisne . ‘ i really wanted to qualify to have time with her and my kid . i’ve been looking forward to doing the night feeds and all ! the main reason i’ve done this is for her , i’m just so happy it all paid off . ’ barnes , meanwhile , has created history by becoming the first irish boxer ever to qualify for three olympics . the 28-year-old had battled his fear of flying throughout his wsb mission , with barnes and conlan travelling over 34,000 miles over the course of seven wsb bouts . the ex-european champion now plans on taking an extended break until later in the year after an exhausting campaign which ended in glory . ‘i’m over the moon , can’t get any better . i won’t even care about the flight because i know i’ve done it now — i won’t be flying around the place any more anyway ! ’ he said . barnes , in quite colourful language , also told sportsmail that both he and conlan had to overcome upset stomachs to compete . despite that , the pair’s glory run continues unabated . 