youtube star cassey ho has hit back at critics with a powerful and provocative new video , highlighting the cruel comments left by viewers of her fitness-focused clips who accuse the trim and toned online icon of being everything from ‘ too fat’ to ‘ugly’ to ‘pudgy’ . cassey 's youtube channel , blogilates , has over two million subscribers , so fans may have been surprised to learn that the negative comments left under the california resident’s fitness videos still manage to get under her skin – and have a much greater impact on her than any of the positive messages sent to her by her fans . but though mean and critical messages may have put a dent in the 28-year-old’s self-esteem , the workout pro is getting the last word with her latest video , the ' perfect ' body , which examines just whether conforming to society 's standards is the key to happiness , while highlighting some of the cruel comments she has received from viewers of her youtube videos . scroll down for video . fighting back : in her new video , pilates instructor and youtube star cassey ho combats body-shamers who comment on her videos . she 's only human : seemingly full of confidence , cassey said even she has felt bad about herself after reading nasty comments calling her ' fat ' online . in a post on her blogilates blog , cassey said negative comments on her videos are nothing new , but the flood of nastiness has grown especially bad lately . she added that the trash-talking has even brought her to tears on more than one occasion . 'it’s hard to be content with the shape of your body when people are constantly telling you how fat you are , how much weight you need to lose , how much weight you need to gain , ' she wrote . ' what do people want ? ' cassey goes on to explain that , through her new video , fans can see what it 's like to face that kind of negativity , and watch as her own self-esteem gets ' stripped away ' , leaving her feeling insecure and ashamed about her appearance . fit or fat : the slim and toned blogger says that the negativity in the comments section of her youtube channel has become especially nasty lately , and has even made her cry . peanut gallery problems : in the new video , cassey picks at her body , honing in on places that commenters say she could improve upon . the video begins with cassey posting a selfie in gym clothes , taken just after a workout . she immediately starts to read the comments , and though they start off positive , soon people are telling her she should n't give fitness advice because she is fat . cassey goes on to strip down to her underwear , examining , pinching and prodding her body , using the spiteful comments to direct her to different parts of her physique that people insist need changing . and as the video goes on , she grows more unsatisfied with herself as negative comments pop up around her . so the youtube star gets to work , manipulating her body in a simulation of real-life photoshop . she thins her thighs , hips , and waist , makes her butt and chest bigger , and even changes the color of her eyes . finally , she posts another selfie of her ' improved ' look - achieved with the help of a body double - but she is clearly still unhappy , and she uses this feeling to try and show viewers that giving in to body-shaming will only leave you worse off . before and after : the fitness expert 's body goes under a major transformation ; cassey used a body double to achieve the final look . moral message : even after making her butt and chest bigger and her waist and legs smaller , cassey still does n't find happiness at the end of the video . no photoshop here : the retouching in cassey 's video was meant to prove a point - she does n't use photoshop in the photos she posts online . it seems that her ' take that ' attitude has left her detractors speechless . readers of her blog flooded the comments section of the latest post with overwhelmingly positive feedback . ' thank you for standing up to this struggle for girls and women everywhere , ' wrote one fan . another chimed in : ' i absolutely applaud that you are your natural , beautiful self . i think you’re a wonderful inspiration for young people . ' cassey hopes viewers who relate to the video 's message will share it in an effort to battle body shaming and cyber bullying .