frank sinatra underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow , according to his youngest daughter , tina sinatra . showbiz 411's roger friedman said that the 66-year-old laughed when he asked her if mia farrow 's son ronan was her brother . he said that tina , who is the daughter of sinatra and his first wife nancy , told him : ' could n't be . frank had a vasectomy before that . i do n't know whose son ronan is . ' scroll down for video . frank sinatra ( left ) underwent a vasectomy so could not have fathered ronan farrow , ( right ) according to his youngest daughter , tina sinatra . mia farrow had previously admitted the singer may be the father of her ronan ( both pictured ) . it has never been reported before that sinatra underwent the medical procedure . in 2013 , mia farrow admitted that frank sinatra may be the father of her son , instead of woody allen . tina sinatra , 66 , ridiculed claims ronan farrow was her brother . rumours about the parentage of her son ronan , 27 , have long dogged the actress , and she addressed the issue in the interview saying the legendary crooner was ' possibly ' his father . ronan farrow later responded by tweeting : ' listen , we 're all *possibly* frank sinatra 's son . ' farrow , now 70 , said that sinatra was the great love of her life , and says , ' we never really split up . ' farrow married sinatra in 1966 in las vegas when she was 21 and he was 50 . the marriage fell apart 18 months later when she refused to drop her critically-acclaimed performance in rosemary 's baby to star in a movie with her husband . they divorced in 1968 . two years later , farrow married german-austrian pianist andre previn . the couple adopted three children and also had three biological children before divorcing in 1979 . in 1980 , farrow started a long-term relationship with woody allen , although the two never lived together . she and the children stayed in her massive upper west side new york apartment while he had a home on the other side of the city . farrow became allen 's muse and starred in 13 of his films , most notable hannah and her sisters in 1986 . earlier bonds : woody allen and mia farrow walk as mia carries their son satchel , who later changed his name to ronan . 1966 : actress mia farrow married sinatra in las vegas when she was 21 and he was 50 . 1968 : the couple split just 18 months after getting married and got divorced . 1971 : mia farrow then married german-austrian pianist andre previn.they went on to adopt three children - lark song , summer daisy song , and soon-yi - and had three biological children - twins matthew and sascha and finally fletcher . 1976 : frank sinatra married barbara marx.1979 : farrow and previn divorced . 1980 : farrow started dating woody allen . they adopted two girls - moses and dylan . 1987 : farrow gave birth to a boy , ronan , on december 19 . ronan was the only biological child of the couple . 1992 : the couple split when farrow discovered allen was having an affair with her oldest adopted daughter soon-yi previn , then 22 . 1992 - 1995 : farrow went on to adopt six more children - tam , kaeli-shea , frankie-minh , isaiah justus , thaddeus wilk and gabriel wilk . 1998 : frank sinatra died . he was still with his third wife barbara marx at the time of his death after 22 years of marriage . 2013 : farrow has now suggested sinatra may be ronan 's father as they never ' really split up ' . farrow gave birth to ronan in 1987 - he was their only biological child . her relationship with allen ended in 1992 when she discovered he was having an affair with her oldest adopted daughter , soon-yi previn , then 22 . the news that allen may indeed be his father may not be welcome to ronan - the pair had a very public falling out when allen began his romantic relationship with previn . ' he 's my father and married to my sister . that makes me his son and his brother-in-law . that is such a moral transgression , ' ronan has said . ' i can not see him . i can not have a relationship with my father and be morally consistent ... i lived with all these adopted children , so they are my family . ' to say soon-yi was not my sister is an insult to all adopted children , ' ronan said of the relationship . allen later responded to farrow 's claims saying it was possible that ronan was not his son . allen wrote claimed that mother mia farrow may have been lying about it for decades . the annie hall director said ronan , his only biological child with farrow , ‘ looks a lot like frank’ thanks to his blue eyes and similar facial features . allen said that if it were true then farrow would have kept a dark secret during their bitter custody battle 21 years ago to make him pay child support . in a 2005 interview , allen confirmed that he no longer has relationships with his three children from his relationship with farrow . ' well , i feel terrible about it . i spent millions of dollars and fought in court for years to do it , but could not swing it , ' he told vanity fair . when vanity fair asked sinatra 's daughter about ronan being treated as if he were a member of her family , nancy sinatra jr told them : ' he is a big part of us , and we are blessed to have him in our lives . ' 