nuts are a source of useful nutrients and have other health benefits - just this month , a study found that peanuts can increase the levels of friendly bacteria in the gut and ward off food poisoning . here , we look at some of other the plus points ... brazils . one of the best dietary sources of the mineral selenium . two brazil nuts provide 100 per cent of our daily required dose of 75 micrograms . selenium is needed for the production of antibodies , important for a healthy immune system , and the hormone thyroxine , needed to regulate metabolism . researchers have also found it activates an antioxidant that helps reduce the risk of bladder and prostate cancer . almonds . you need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium ( 700mg ) . you need to eat just ten almonds to get your daily requirement of calcium ( 700mg ) , important for healthy bones . they are also rich in vitamin e , which helps improve the condition and appearance of your skin . almonds are high in fibre , too . eat them with the skin on as this contains antioxidants that help protect body cells from inflammatory damage . cashews . a good source of iron . a 30 g serving provides around 2 mg : a woman needs 14.8 mg a day and a man 8.7 mg . however , iron from cashews is not as easily absorbed as iron from meat , says dietitian dr sarah schenker . ' vitamin c boosts absorption of iron from non-meat sources , so eat cashews with a kiwi fruit , in a salad with peppers and tomatoes or with a small glass of orange juice . ' walnuts . these are rich in plant-based omega 3 fatty acids and antioxidants , which have been shown to reduce the risk of the eye condition age-related macular degeneration , and cognitive decline . in a two-year study , researchers at the university of barcelona are looking at the effects of eating 28 g of walnuts ( seven shelled nuts ) every day in preventing these conditions . walnuts have also been shown to help protect against heart disease . peanuts . technically , these are legumes , as they grow underground , but a study published last month in jama internal medicine found they are in the same nutritional league as ' tree ' nuts . they are packed with fibre and protein , so keep you feeling satisfied . ' they are nutrient dense and have a low glycaemic index , which means they help stabilise blood sugar levels , ' says dr schenker . a handful of peanuts contains 180 calories , but dr schenker says the calories in nuts are over-estimated . ' they are not that easily absorbed , so you receive only two-thirds of their potential energy . ' vitamin c boosts absorption of iron from non-meat sources , so eat cashews with a kiwi fruit . mixed nuts . a handful ( 28g ) of mixed nuts a day reduces the risk of heart disease by 29 per cent and cuts the risk of dying from cancer by 11 per cent , according to a 2013 study in the new england journal of medicine . a 30-year study of 120,000 people also showed the more often they ate nuts , the lower the risk of premature death , thanks to the various health benefits . a study found the more often people ate nuts , the lower the risk of premature death .