the say that imitation is the highest form of flattery , although floyd mayweather jnr 's sparring partner jeremy ' j flash ' nichols ' impersonation of manny pacquiao is less than complimentary . the filipino meets undefeated mayweather in a $ 300million mega-fight that has been branded ' the biggest bout in boxing history ' at the mgm grand in las vegas on may 2 . mayweather has been sharing regular updates from his training camp across social media with the latest being a youtube video featuring his sparring partner taking on pacquiao 's role during a mock interview . floyd maywether 's sparring partner jeremy nichols gives a mock interview as manny pacquiao . ' j flash ' makes fun of the filipino 's faith , singing and claims his mother uses voodoo . mayweather uses a -200c kriotherapy chamber to help his recovery from training . nichols mimics pacquiao 's visayan accent while poking fun at the 36-year-old 's decision to both write and perform his own entrance song as well as ridiculing the ' pacman 's ' religious faith . the young boxer also takes a pop at pacquiao 's mother by claiming her ' voodoo powers ' are the secret behind his success - so-called ' mommy d ' was accused of using voodoo chants from ringside during her son 's victory over tomothy bradley in april 2014 . as a parting shot , nichols refuses to refer to the fight 's date in normal english and repeatedly says it will be staged on ' may two , may two ! ' . the up and coming boxer has not had a professional fight yet but insists he is ready for the challenge of getting mayweather in prime shape before the contest . mayweather takes part in a training session under the gaze of a packed media audience . pacquiao and his coach freddie roach take part in a similar training session in los angeles . the unbeaten us fighter gets a light massage ahead of his workout in las vegas . pacquiao is so popular in the philippines that he is featured on the latest postage stamps . ' it 's a blessing an opportunity to work with one of the biggest names in boxing , ' he said . ' i want to make sure he knows there 's someone ready to take over the 147lbs once he gets ready to hang up the gloves . ' it 's a great experience and i 've learned so much - i 've switched my entire training regime around since i 've been here . this opportunity is a blessing , i ca n't thank him enough for giving me the chance , ' he added .