shane dunn , 25 , from tunbridge wells , stabbed victim ian garrod , 55 , in the neck after meeting on the gay dating app grindr . a drug-fuelled thug calling himself ' gypsy lad ' slashed a middle-aged man around the throat with a kitchen knife after meeting him on the gay dating app grindr . shane dunn , 25 , from tunbridge wells , kent , carried out the attack after going back to ian garrod 's home in medway for sex in september last year . but when the 55-year-old sat on the bed , dunn - who was said to be ' cool as a cucumber ' during the attack - stabbed him in the throat . dunn , who was high on class a mephedrone , then left mr garrod in fear of his life , before fleeing from the property with his victim 's wallet , iphone , ipad and jewellery . the callous attacker even pretended to call an ambulance for his victim , but instead left him for dead with a 6cm-deep wound . he was later caught after police examined two cigarette butts found in mr garrod 's garden - both of which had dna linking to the attacker . luckily , mr garrod 's housemate returned the the property and called an ambulance . the court heard it was only by the skill of a surgeon at medway maritime hospital that the victim 's life was saved . dunn has now been jailed for 12 years after being found guilty of wounding with intent . he was cleared by a jury of attempted murder . judge jeremy carey told dunn he had narrowly decided against finding him dangerous , which would have led to an extended sentence . judge carey said dunn was convicted of the wounding charge ' on the clearest evidence ' . he said : ' you asserted you effectively were not the person who stabbed ian garrod and the jury found on the evidence you were and you intended to cause him really serious harm . ' it was hardly surprising since you cut his throat to a depth of 6cm . only by the skill of a surgeon at medway maritime hospital the flow of the blood was clipped and stemmed . ' otherwise , you would have been convicted of murder . ' the judge said there were ' inevitable uncertainties ' about what happened that night . he continued : ' i am quite sure you did not attend there with the intention of committing acts of violence . i am quite sure something happened that night that caused you to lose it . maidstone crown court heard how dunn was caught after police examined two cigarette butts found in mr garrod 's garden - both of which had dna linking to the attacker . ' you say you do n't remember . i do n't know if you do or not . you are not a man prone to extreme violence . ' i think by a combination of a class a drug you used that night and the revelation of something possibly to do with hiv on the part of mr garrod you lost it . ' you got a knife from the block and went upstairs and , cool as a cucumber , you slit his throat . anyone listening to this must realise how serious this offending is . ' you made your position worse . you pretended to call and ambulance and stole items from him . it was a particularly callous thing to do to a man who lying bleeding towards fatality . ' judge carey added : ' i am not going to make any comment about grindr - about people who are willing to take in others they hardly know and have relations with them when drugs have been smoked . it does n't assist anyone but it is a pretty shocking state of affairs . ' dunn , who has now been jailed for 12 years over the attack , called himself gypsy boy on the dating app . dunn , who had previously been to mr garrod 's home for a sex session , said in evidence he had ' memory blank ' after being injected with mephedrone . during his evidence he told the court he went to see mr garrod because he knew he could get drugs and sex . he said : ' at some point i had a glass of water and a couple of cigarettes . he tied my arm with an elastic thing he had and waited for my vein to come up , and he injected . ' i immediately felt really strange , like i wanted to be sick and like i do n't know what i was doing . ' the last thing i remember him saying to me was : `` just sit up straight and do n't panic '' . the next thing i remember is waking up in my bed at about 4pm . i do n't remember how i got home . ' asked if he caused the wound , he replied : ' i ca n't answer that . ' during his trial at maidstone crown court deborah charles , prosecuting said dunn had pretended to call an ambulance after the attack . she said : ' mr garrod felt as if someone had slapped him in the neck . ' he put his hand up to his neck and realised it was covered in blood . he never saw the weapon coming towards him . it happened too quickly . ' he just thought the defendant was leaning towards him , perhaps to kiss him or carry on what they were doing . ' mr garrod was begging him to call an ambulance . mr dunn pretended to do just that . he pretended to make a call and said an ambulance was coming . ' mr garrod was left lying on the bed with a wound that was life threatening . ' at the time of the alleged attack mr garrod was living with a friend with whom he had previously been in a relationship . miss charles said mr garrod had spent the previous night with another man before meeting dunn on the dating app . when dunn arrived at his home he was said to have brought a drug with him which they both took . the court heard mr garrod regularly used a drug called tina , a type of crystal meth , for sexual encounters . 