if you ever need proof that a healthy lifestyle can give you the body of your dreams , just take a look at rosie huntington-whiteley 's latest lingerie campaign snaps . the supermodel , who follows a strict clean and lean diet , showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for autograph at m & s . the 27-year-old models her new summer sleepwear collection , which is full of mix and match pieces featuring sophisticated hues of slate blue and silver with colour pops of peach and floral prints . rosie huntington-whiteley , who follows a strict clean and lean diet , showcases her super toned body in new imagery to promote her lingerie range for autograph at m & s . rosie for autograph beau silk lingerie set . buy at marks & spencer . visit site . well this made us put our bacon roll down . gulp . putting her perfectly sculpted physique on display in a lingerie set from her coveted collection for marks & spencer , we don’t know what we want more – the body or the underwear . one thing we can acquire a lot easier is the underwear , which will only involve a few clicks and skips out on the intensive cardio exercise and organic diet bit . wearing a blue satin and white lace trim bra and knickers from the new collection , rosie oozed old hollywood vibes in the retro inspired set , and our knicker drawers are calling for it . beautiful lingerie will never go amiss in a woman’s wardrobe and this stunning two piece will set certain pulses racing without a doubt . so make it yours with a click to the right now , or have gander at the style edit below to check out its competition on the virtual high street . bra-illiant idea ! topshop satin and lace balconette bra . visit site . topshop satin and lace mini knickers . visit site . betsey johnson starlet bra at nordstrom . visit site . dkny intimates signature lace bra at zappos . visit site . rosie says she was inspired by all things oriental and she also incorporated the vintage glamour trend she does so well each season . the devon-born model 's latest pieces , featuring pure silk and french designed lace detailing , have been designed to add a touch of luxury to your night’s sleep , says rosie . rosie , 27 , who was inspired by all things oriental , explains that she follows an organic diet and while it 's an investment , she believes it 's a worthy one . rosie , pictured modelling new items from her sleepwear range , starts the day with a green juice and scrambled eggs with spinach . sharing her views on healthy eating with cosmopolitan recently , rosie said : ' i really enjoy food and never deprive myself . i do n't believe in fad dieting - i believe in enjoying everything in balance . i travel a lot so i often eat out , but i try to enjoy myself . nobody wants to be that girl ordering a salad . ' rosie explains that when she 's at home she cooks organic , healthy food , which she says is an investment but a really important one . she starts the day with a green juice and scrambled eggs with spinach . for lunch and dinner , it 's chicken or fish with ' tons of vegetables and salad . ' beautywise , the glossy supermodel explains that she always carries her 'three-minute face ' with her and uses her products to multi-task . beautywise , the glossy supermodel explains that she always carries her 'three-minute face ' with her . ' it 's cover-up , concealer and blusher – and all the products are multipurpose . i put the blush on my lips , cheeks and even my eyes . those three products serve me well , ' she said . the talented model is also starring in the soon-to-be-released mad max - fury road , for which the trailer has this week been released . the film 's release date has been brought forward in order to meet public demand for the action thriller . rosie , left , at paris fashion week , and , right , with boyfriend jason statham at the universal music brits , is also starring in the soon-to-be-released mad max - fury road , for which the trailer has this week been released . when rosie is back on home turf , she works out with her personal trainer brother , toby , who also happens to be a model . toby shared his top tips with femail for how to stay trim like his sister . 1 . try to buy and eat organic or free range food whole foods and cut down on processed foods . fuel yourself properly eat 3 meals a day and drink plenty of water . 2 . try to get your heart rate up at least once a day . if you don’t go to the gym or play sport , maybe you get off the bus or train a stop early and walk at faster pace than normal to your destination , go for a run in the local park or take a fun exercise class with your friends . exercise should be fun . find ways that work for you so you can enjoy yourself . 3 . make sure you change your program every 4-6 weeks this help you continue to make progress and stops you from plateauing . write down your workout programs and progress , this helps you see improvements and keep motivated .