the orchid is one of the most unique and instantly recognisable flowers in the world . it has evolved a so-called lip - a large and irregular modified petal , to attract insects - but the driving force behind this unusual shape was not known , until now . researchers have found that its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins and by tweaking them , they can convert this lip into a standard petal . the orchid ( an example of which is pictured ) has evolved a so-called lip - a large and irregular modified petal , to attract insects - but the driving force behind this unusual shape was not known , until now . the study , published in the journal nature plants , extends scientists ' understanding of the mechanisms leading to the diverse beauty of orchid flowers . there are between 21,950 and 26,049 accepted species of orchid , most of which have a large and irregular modified petal , called the lip , in addition to three ' normal ' petals . the structure of orchids is unique among floral plants . they also have three sepals , which sometimes look like other petals , and a single column at the centre which is used during reproduction . researchers have found its shape is determined by two competing groups of proteins . they converted lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the l complex using gene silencing ( illustrated ) . conversion of lips into sepal/petal-like structures in oncidium and phalaenopsis orchids is shown . orchids have three sepals , which sometimes look like other petals , and a single column at the centre . lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them , which is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers , by promoting reproduction . to discover why the flowers developed their distinctive lips , researchers from national chung hsing university in taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development . they found that in mature orchid flowers , the expression pattern suggests two protein complexes , called the ' l ' complex and the ' sp ' complex , compete to promote the formation of the lip and standard petals . the have called this mechanism the perianth code and discovered that orchid species from many subfamilies with different types of lips and petals all obey it . the experts were also able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the l complex using gene silencing . lips attract insect pollinators and serve as a landing platform for them , which is thought to have given orchids an evolutionary advantage over other flowers , by promoting reproduction . lips are differently coloured , ruffled or pouch-shaped , depending on the species , and can be decorated with horns , hairs , warts , teeth and tails to attract specific pollinators . these range from bees to flies , gnats , moths , butterflies , hummingbirds and even bats in some tropical climates . to discover why the flowers developed their distinctive lips , chang-hsien yang and his colleagues from national chung hsing university in taiwan studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development . they found that in mature orchid flowers , the expression pattern suggests two protein complexes , called the ' l ' complex and the ' sp ' complex , compete to promote the formation of the lip and standard petals . the have called this mechanism the perianth code and discovered that orchid species from many subfamilies with different types of lips and petals all obey it . the experts were also able to convert lips into petals in two orchid species by reducing the activity of the l complex using gene silencing . the scientists studied the expression of a class of genes known to be associated with petal development . they found that in mature orchid flowers , two protein complexes , called the ' l ' complex ( red ) and the ' sp ' complex ( blue ) , compete to form the lip and petals . this competition and balancing act is illustrated above . the pastel-coloured orchid mantis has fascinated naturalists for more than a century . it was popularly thought that the insect , whose legs are flattened and heart-shaped to resemble petals , simply mimics an orchid , allowing it to ' hide ' and catch prey . but earlier this year , scientists suggested that the mantis does n't simply blend into flowers , but is attractive to insects in its own right , sometimes preferring to remain more easily visible on leaves . it was popularly thought that the orchid mantis ( pictured ) , whose legs are flattened and heart-shaped to resemble petals , simply mimics an orchid , allowing it to ' hide ' and catch prey . dr james o'hanlon of macquarie university , australia , set about systematically testing the ideas contained within the traditional view of the orchid mantis ' modus operandi . first , his team tested whether mantises actually camouflage among flowers , or , alternatively , attract insects on their own . for a flower-seeking insect , as predicted , the mantis ' colour pattern is indistinguishable from most common flowers . however , when paired alongside the most common flower in their habitat , insects approached mantises more often than flowers , showing that mantises are attractive to insects by themselves , rather than simply camouflaging among the flora . ' we can clearly observe insects , like bees , diverging from their flight paths and flying right towards this deceptive predator , ' dr o'hanlon said . when paired alongside the most common flower in their habitat , insects approached mantises more often than flowers , showing that mantises are attractive to insects by themselves , rather than simply camouflaging among the flora . here , an orchid mantis eats a tiger heliconian butterfly in malaysia . they also found that mantises did not choose to hide among the flowers , but selected leaves to sit on , just as often . sitting near flowers did bring benefits , though , because insects were attracted to the general vicinity . when they compared the mantis 's shape and colour with flowers from an insect 's perspective , the predator did not resemble an orchid or indeed any particular species of flower , but rather a ' generalised ' flower . they may exploit a loophole created by evolutionary efficiency savings within the insect brain . the compact brains of insects use a rule of thumb - anything matching colour x is a nectar-containing flower – and the predator uses ' sensory exploitation ' to catch its victims . sensory exploitation is a concentrated mass of the right colour . the insect classifies the mantis as a giant nectar-filled flower and approaches to investigate – to its doom .