while airlines are planning to cram even more passengers on boeing’s next generation of planes , the manufacturer says it has come up with a way to get all of their luggage on board . the world’s largest aerospace company is showing off its roomier overhead luggage bins , which will be available on its 737 family of planes . designed for future aircraft which will be used by the likes of delta air lines and alaska airlines , the ‘ space bins’ can hold 50 per cent more carry-on luggage than existing compartments on the current fleet of 737s . scroll down for video . boeing 's roomier ' space bins ' ( left ) can hold two more bags than existing compartments ( left ) on 737 planes . finding a spot for a carry-on bag , especially during a budget flight that charges for checked bags , can be one of the most stressful experiences for passengers . boeing said the redesigned bins can hold six standard-sized bags – two more than the current set-up . that means 737-900er or 737 max 9 planes will be able to hold 194 bags in the cabin , compared to 132 in the current configuration . its 737-800 or 737 max 8 planes will hold 174 ( compared to 118 ) and the 737-700 or 737 max 7 planes will hold 130 ( compared to 90 ) . the bins have been tested by a group of ‘ frequent fliers’ who were hand-picked by boeing . boeing is promising faster boarding and turnaround times at the gate with the larger overhead bins . the chicago-based manufacturer said the ‘ space bins’ have a lower lip height , making it easier to load bags and see inside . the bins have been tested by a group of ‘ frequent fliers’ who were hand-picked by boeing . passenger daniel jones said in a statement : ‘ they 're enormous compared to the other bins . i wo n't have to gate check my bags anymore . so far two airlines – delta and alaska – have ordered the new bins , which can be installed on existing 737s . ‘ boarding will be a lot quicker plus i wo n't have to help my girlfriend load her bags because she can reach these bins a lot easier . ’ with larger overhead bins boeing is promising faster boarding and turnaround times at the gate . so far two airlines – delta and alaska – have ordered the new bins , which are also available for retrofit on next-generation 737s currently in use . the bins will likely arrive in europe within the next few years . monarch airlines and thomson airways have committed to order dozens of 737 max aircraft . ryanair currently uses nothing but the 737-800 on its routes , but has reached a deal for up to 200 737 max 200s .