the sister of a bride-to-be who has been missing for three days says the 26-year-old is ' so in love ' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet . stephanie scott , an english and drama teacher , was last seen at her workplace leeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , at 11am on easter sunday . at 12.59pm on sunday afternoon she sent an email from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this saturday . that was her last known activity . ms scott 's parents plan to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter , as they fear her disappearance has something to do with ' her car or foul play ' . scroll down for video . stephanie scott ( right ) , pictured with her fiance aaron leeson-woolley , was last seen on easter sunday . a month before her planned april 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was ' so freakin excited ' . family say the 26-year-old is ' so in love ' with her fiance and could not possibly have cold feet . ms scott in canberra last month on a wine tour for her hen 's party with her mother merrilyn . a police image of a car similar to ms scott 's - a red mazda 3 sedan with nsw registration bz-19-cd . her vehicle is also missing and family fear she may have had an accident . ' it is the worst thing i have ever been through . you ca n't eat and you ca n't sleep , ' mother merrilyn scott told aap on wednesday . ' i think today , if we do n't find her today ... you ca n't let yourself think about it but you do . ' as friends and community members turned out in leeton to search surrounding roads , her parents began organising a helicopter to search from the sky . ' it 's cold and we are running out of days , ' mrs scott said . she said while the area was flat , there were a lot of irrigation ditches , creeks and crossings . on wednesday , police released an image of the car ms scott was travelling in , a red mazda 3 sedan with the nsw registration bz-19-cd . a nsw police spokesman told daily mail australia authorities were investigating ms scott 's disappearance but were not deploying search teams to look for her . ' we do n't actually have a location of where she may be , the best lead we have is that she 's in a car , ' he said . ' that why the appeal 's gone out to look for her car . ms scott ( left ) pictured with her sister kim scott ( right ) who said she spent sunday morning picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to tahiti . kim scott said her sister had designed the invitations and handmade pots for the reception table placements . kim scott said her sister was ' excited ' about marrying her partner of five years mr leeson-woolley , adding that she ' just would n't ' run away . saturday april 4 : stephanie scott drives 45 minutes to nearby griffith to pick up cuff links for the groomsmen and a bikini for her honeymoon to tahiti . saturday 1pm : a friend sees ms scott at woolworths in leeton . saturday 7pm : ms scott talks to her sister robyn on the phone for 55 minutes , expressing how excited she is about her upcoming wedding . sunday 10am : she texts her fiance aaron leeson-woolley to tell him about her plans for the morning . sunday 11am : ms scott meets a colleague at her workplace - leeton high school - to pick up a set of keys . sunday midday : mr leeson-woolley tries to call ms scott but she does not answer . sunday 12.59pm : ms scott sends an email from the school to the bus company she has hired for her wedding . sunday 7pm : ms scott fails to show up for a planned dinner date with her fiance in leeton . monday 3pm : mr leeson-woolley reports to police that ms scott is missing . monday 4pm : family members start posting on facebook asking for help in locating ms scott . tuesday 11.54am : 48 hours after she was last seen , police appeal for public assistance to locate ms scott , saying they are investigating the circumstances surrounding her disappearance . tuesday afternoon : police door knock houses in the area surrounding leeton high school . tuesday night : police search the school . wednesday 8.37am : ms scott 's sister kim , who fears her car may have rolled of the road , asks public to help search along roads in the area . wednesday 11.12am : police release an image of a car similar to ms scott 's missing red mazda 3 sedan . ' the current information is that she 's taken off in a car – there 's no information to believe she 's wondered off in any particular area which would constitute a search . ' her sister kim scott said she spent the weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to tahiti . she also sent a text message a month before her april 11 wedding date saying she was ' so freakin excited ' . ' people are saying maybe she got cold feet , it 's definitely not cold feet she 's so in love with [ fiance aaron leeson-woolley ] , ' ms scott told daily mail australia , adding that her bank accounts have not been used since saturday . ' she spent [ saturday ] shopping for her honeymoon . ' she 'd driven to griffith in the morning to get cuff links for the boys , and a bikini for the honeymoon . ' she texted her fiance mr leeson-woolley at 10am on sunday about her plans for the morning , and got a pair of keys from a school colleague at 11am , but when he tried to call her at midday there was no answer . her last known location is the school , where she sent the email to the bus company just before 1pm . on sunday afternoon , mr leeson-woolley - who had been visiting his parents in canowindra three and a half hours away - drove back to leeton and was due to meet ms scott for dinner at 7pm but she never showed up . on wednesday , police issued a photo of a car similar to ms scott 's missing red mazda 3 sedan , with nsw registration bz-19-cd . kim scott said she was worried her sister 's car had rolled off the road , and she posted on facebook asking people to help search for ms scott along roadsides in the area . ' please , anyone available or who can make themselves available , get yourselves to leeton and the surrounding areas and check those roads . go slowly . we need as much help as we can . ' family have also begun the heartbreaking task of cancelling arrangements for the wedding . on sunday , stephanie scott was at leeton high school to organise work for her students to do while she was away . ' she went to the school to plan work for her students while she was on her honeymoon , ' kim scott said . ' then she was meant to meet aaron for dinner [ in leeton ] on sunday and never showed . ' on saturday morning , she went shopping in griffith . a friend saw her at a woolworths supermarket at leeton about 1pm and she spoke to her sister robyn scott on the phone on saturday night . desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the leeton high school drama and english teacher . ms scott spoke to her sister robyn on the phone for 55 minutes on saturday night about how excited was . kim scott said ' it 's really hard for aaron to hear ' people speculate his finacee has cold feet . their wedding was planned to take place at the eat your greens function centre in the nsw town of eugowra . kim scott said her sister was ' excited ' about marrying her partner of five years mr leeson-woolley this coming saturday , adding that she ' just would n't ' run away . ' it 's really hard for aaron to hear that , obviously it 's three days she 's been missing , ' ms scott said . ' our sister robyn spoke to her for 55 minutes on the phone on saturday night about how excited she is about marrying him . ' she wants to get married and wants to be there . ' kim scott said her thoughtful and crafty sister had handmade flower pot table placements and designed invitations for the wedding . ' she was the most thoughtful person - my birthday was on easter monday and she did n't message me and that 's just not like her , ' she said . ' i 've lived in london and now i live in abu dhabi and if i 've ever had a birthday or big event she 's the first one to send a card . on sunday she spoke to a friend on the phone , saying she was ' excited ' about marrying her partner of five years aaron leeson-woolley ( right ) this coming saturday . police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward . ' even with cold feet she would n't not message me on my birthday , it 's got to be something more than that . ' ms scott 's facebook profile photo shows her on a wine tour in canberra last month for her hen 's party , smiling and wearing a veil and 'bride-to-be ' sash . the couple got engaged in thailand and their wedding was planned to take place at the eat your greens function centre in the nsw town of eugowra . mr leeson-woolley said he last spoke to ms scott at 10am on sunday morning . ' i was in canowindra , back at mum and dad 's place , and she was in leeton , ' mr leeson-woolley told the sydney morning herald . ' everything seemed pretty fine . ' one of her friends rang her on easter sunday and she was saying how she was excited and could n't wait . that 's the last time [ anyone heard from her ] . ' mr leeson-woolley told abc : ' i 've been with her for five years and ... [ her disappearance is ] just out of the blue , out of character for her . ' officers plan to review cctv footage from woolworths and look into ms scott 's phone and bank records . they say ms scott could be travelling in a red mazda 3 sedan with registration bz-19-cd . desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the leeton high school drama and english teacher . police said they hold concerns for ms scott 's welfare . officers plan to review cctv footage from woolworths and look into ms scott 's phone records and bank statements . police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward . anyone with information should call crime stoppers on 1800 333 000 or griffith police on 6969 4310 . ms scott was last seen at her workplace , leeton high school ( pictured ) , about 11am easter sunday . she was seen at a woolworths supermarket at leeton ( pictured ) 550km west of sydney , on easter saturday . 