ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for everton 's home clash with southampton ... everton vs southampton ( goodison park ) . team news . everton . everton striker romelu lukaku will have a late fitness test on a hamstring problem ahead of the visit of southampton on saturday . the belgium international withdrew from the national squad because of the injury and needs to be assessed . everton 's romelu lukaku will be given a late fitness test for the home clash against southampton . midfielder darron gibson ( stomach ) is a doubt but forward kevin mirallas ( dead leg ) and steven pienaar ( knee ) are back in contention . provisional squad : howard , coleman , jagielka , stones , baines , lennon , mccarthy , besic , naismith , lukaku , robles , alcaraz , browning , garbutt , gibson , mirallas , pienaar , kone . southampton . southampton midfielder steven davis is a doubt for saturday 's barclays premier league clash with everton . davis suffered a groin injury on international duty for northern ireland and will be given a late fitness test . steven davis ( left ) fends off finland 's roman eremenko during northern ireland 's 2-1 win at windsor park in a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday . goalkeeper fraser forster is out for at least the season after undergoing knee surgery , but jay rodriguez could be back from his long-term knee problem in four to five weeks . provisional squad : k davis , gazzaniga , clyne , bertrand , targett , gardos , yoshida , alderweireld , fonte , schneiderlin , wanyama , ward-prowse , reed , elia , tadic , mane , djuricic , s davis , long , seager , pelle . kick-off : saturday , 3pm . odds ( subject to change ) : everton 17/10 . draw 11/5 . southampton 17/10 . referee : lee mason . managers : roberto martinez ( everton ) , ronald koeman ( southampton ) . head-to-head league record : everton wins 39 , draws 18 , southampton wins 24 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . everton have failed to score in three of their last four premier league matches against southampton . everton have scored three own goals in their last two premier league matches against saints . southampton have won none of their last nine trips to goodison park in the premier league ( w0 d2 l7 ) and won just one of 15 away games against the toffees overall ( w1 d3 l11 ) . everton’s record premier league win came at home against southampton in november 1996 ( 7-1 ) , a result they matched v sunderland in november 2007 . graziano pelle scores southampton 's second goal past tim howard as sylvain distin lunges in vain during the saints ' 3-0 win over everton earlier this season at st mary 's . roberto martinez’s side have won just four of their last 15 premier league games at goodison park ( w4 d7 l4 ) . ronald koeman’s side have lost just one of their last six premier league away matches ( w4 d1 l1 ) . graziano pellè has not scored or assisted a goal in any of his last 13 premier league appearances , despite attempting 34 shots ( inc. blocked ) and creating 12 goalscoring chances for his teammates in these games . if southampton win this match , they’ll equal their best ever points tally in a single premier league season ( 56 in 2013-14 ) . everton have won just eight of their 30 premier league games this season , half the number that they won at this stage last season ( 16 ) . southampton have dropped just two points from leading positions all season in the premier league ( w16 d1 of the 17 games they have led in ) – fewer than any other side .