a 46-year-old man has been reported missing after a kayak he had taken out with his fiance capsized in choppy waters . vincent viafore from poughkeepsie , new york , was on the rough hudson river near newburgh with angelika graswald when he was thrown in on sunday evening . according to cbs 2 , viafore was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak . scroll down for video . vincent viafore ( right ) from poughkeepsie , new york , was on the rough hudson river near newburgh with angelika graswald ( left ) when he was thrown in on sunday evening . he is still missing . she managed to make it out of the water and call 911 . on monday she asked friends on facebook to keep praying for her partner and hoped for a miracle . his partner fell out of the boat while trying to help him and was rescued by another boat travelling in the area at the time . she then called 911 when she made it to land . graswald was taken to hospital and treated for hypothermia but her fiance has not been found . on monday she asked friends for their prayers as the search continued . she wrote on facebook : ' i just want to thank everyone for reaching out . please , keep your prayers for vince . ' miracles are possible . the authorities are doing everything they can . ' we do not need anyone else getting hurt , as it is very dangerous out there , especially without daylight . please , no questions at this point , we 're doing everything we can . we will find him . ' new york state police captain brendan casey told cbs 2 : ' yesterday , it started out as a nice day and as the day went on , it grew cooler and the winds picked up and it became more like today . ' viafore was not wearing a life jacket and was unable to get back into the kayak . residents say the water at this time of year is ' precarious ' as it is so cold . viafore 's friend wes gottlock said he saw them out on the water , but did not discover there was a search underway until later on that evening . he added that the couple had been together for a long time and have a ' wonderful relationship ' . he said the water at this time of the year is ' precarious ' as the water is still cold . peter brandt , who has lived by the water for 40 years , asked if they were ' accomplished kayakers ' because the water was very rough .