the state of oklahoma has removed protection for gay people who use ride-sharing services uber and lyft . initially , the oklahoma transportation network company services act included language that prohibited the companies from discriminating against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity . however , sen. jason smalley has revealed he rewrote the bill to eliminate that language and allow private businesses to establish their own policies regarding discrimination . controversy : uber drivers in oklahoma now have a right to refuse gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender customers who use the ride-sharing app . ' i believe if a private business owner wants to serve or not serve an individual , they have that purview right now , ' said smalley , a republican . the new version of the bill faced fierce criticism from sen. john sparks , a norman democrat who tried unsuccessfully to amend the measure . he attempted to add requirements that any driver who wishes to discriminate against a customer based on sexual orientation or gender identity must advertise their intent on their vehicle and on the company 's website . ' why should you be able to discriminate ? ' sparks said . ' we 're talking about a level of civil conduct in the marketplace . society has figured out that when you enter the marketplace , you should have an expectation of being treated fairly . ' uber and lyft , among the most popular ridesharing programs , already have policies in place that prohibit discrimination against customers based on sexual orientation or gender identity . ' uber 's policy is to serve every neighborhood , every driver and every person who needs a ride , ' company spokeswoman jennifer mullin said . rewritten : republican sen. jason smalley ( pictured ) rewrote the bill to give drivers the option to discriminate . the company will continue to enforce its current terms of service , ' which make clear that discrimination in any form is not tolerated and will result in removal from the platform , ' she said . troy stevenson , executive director of freedom of oklahoma , said in a statement that the group does not ' understand why a member of the oklahoma legislature wants to remove protections for [ lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender ] oklahomans from a bill that is specific to an industry that already protects them , in their corporate policies . oklahomans do not believe in discrimination , and it is time for ideological law makers to quit trying to distract from the real problems of our state by attacking the lgbt community . '