kansas is one signature away from telling poor families that it 's illegal to use their welfare payments to buy alcohol , tobacco and pornography , to visit strip clubs or tattoo shops , and to take vacation cruises or gamble on dog or horse races . swimming pools , jewelry and lingerie stores , psychics , movie theatre , nail salons , massage parlors , bars and theme parks will also be forbidden territory for the first time , if republican gov . sam brownback signs a bill that hit his desk last week . the proposal would also give the force of state law to some of brownback 's policies , including one that requires ' temporary cash assistance ' recipients to hold down jobs , look for work or enroll in job training programs . no benefits : a pending kansas law would make it illegal for welfare recipients to spend their government-supplied stipends at strip clubs , among a laundry list of other places . no ink : kansas welfare recipients who want taxpayers to shell out for their tattoos have until july 1 to experiment with the latest in body art . partisan : kansas republican gov . sam brownback ( center ) is likely to sign the new measure despite strong opposition from democrats . kansans , like citizens of many other states , are issued debit cards when they register for state-based welfare . under the rules of the bill passed in the state legislature , bail-bondsmen would no longer be allowed to accept the cards as payment . recipients would be limited , for the first time , to withdrawing $ 25 in cash per day . liberal lawmakers complained that some welfare recipients use their debit cards to get funds for rent payments . democratic state sen. oletha faust-goudeau told the topeka capital-journal that forcing those people to make multiple trips to bank machines to pay their bills ' is ludicrous . it is outrageous . ' state rep. carolyn bridges , another democrat , complained during a legislative debate that putting limits on how the poor can spend taxpayer dollars says to them : ' if you are asking for assistance in this state , you 're sort of less than other people and we 're going to tell you how and where to spend your money . ' necessities : tobacco will be added to the no-no list , along with movie tickets , cruise vactions and lingerie . i see a job in your future : fortune tellers and psychics ? out . job training ? in . conflict : republican state rep. kansas state rep. travis couture-lovelady ( left ) insists that getting welfare recipients ' back to work ' justifies the new law , while state sen. oletha faust-goudeau ( right ) called it ' ludicrous ' and ' outrageous ' . but state sen. michael o’donnell , the republican who gathered support for a house bill putting all the changes into place , said public assistance should be spent ' more responsibly ' than it had been in the past . 'we’re trying to make sure those benefits are used the way they were intended ' – on food and necessities like diapers or toiletries , o’donnell told the paper . the brownback administration has signaled its support for the measure . it has already presided over a 60 per cent drop in the number of kansans enrolled in the temporary assistance for needy families program , known as tanf , during his first term in office . when brownback became governor in 2011 , the program served 38,900 people statewide . today that number has dwindled to 15,500 , according to statistics compiled by the kansas department for children and families . numbers of food stamp recipients – a completely separate category of government welfare – have ticked down by just 6 per cent during the same period , however . poverty rates among children have remained constant , according to the social-services nonprofit group kansas action for children . the clash of statistics has raised questions about whether the state has actually been moving people off of tanf and into jobs . vicious circle ? benefits recipients were previously permitted to spend their government money to bail themselves and family members out of jail . your tax dollars at work : until brownback became governor , welfare enrollees could buy liquor with their benefit debit cards , but now his policy is likely to become a law that future pols will find it hard to undo . ' this is serious , good policy for the state of kansas , ' state rep. travis couture-lovelady , a palco republican , told the associated press . ' there 's nothing better to get these people back on their feet than getting them a job and getting them back to work . ' but democratic state sen. laura kelly countered in the capital-journal that ' we pat ourselves on the back that our tanf rolls have gone down exponentially and we say it’s because all those people are now working , ' but ' we don’t know that and i’m guessing its not the truth . ' another democratic lawmaker , state rep. barbara ballard , complained during a debate that telling welfare recipients that they ca n't use their state benefits to visit swimming pools would give the poor one fewer way to stay healthy . republicans control both the kansas house and senate by wide margins . the house vote was 87-35 , and the senate passed the bill 30-10 . if brownback signs the bill , it will go into effect in july .