crime gangs from eastern europe are operating here with ' impunity ' due to eu free movement rules , a disturbing report warns today . human traffickers run huge benefit frauds in the uk , including one that was used to fund a housing development in slovakia . the vile trade also includes the sale of young girls for prostitution and sham marriages . in some cases , ' customers ' from outside the eu are requesting women with eu passports so they can make them pregnant . the migrants – desperate for a foothold in britain – then claim they have a human right to a family life in the uk to raise the child . vicious : a menacing eastern european gang leader with his rottweiler . crime gangs from eastern europe are operating here with ' impunity ' due to eu free movement rules , a disturbing report warns today . the centre for social justice report , written by a former senior aide to home secretary theresa may , is based on interviews with senior police and officials in britain and overseas . it offers a deeply disturbing insight into how , since the eu expanded to include former eastern bloc members in 2004 , a huge market has opened up in what it calls the ' modern slave trade ' . in the past , trafficking gangs had to bring in migrants from outside the eu – which meant they would need to pass through border controls . but they are now able to target people in impoverished communities in slovakia , poland , romania and bulgaria with open access to britain . migrants are duped into believing they are travelling to the uk for work and enter the country legally under the eu 's free movement directive . the traffickers then seize control of their bank accounts and travel documents , and force them to work in often gruesome conditions . the report , written by former home office special adviser fiona cunningham , says : ' one of the most serious unintended consequences of free movement in the eu is that it has made it much easier for organised criminal gangs to operate their cross-border business models with impunity and without fear of being detected and therefore pursued . ' significantly , the report has the backing of mrs may , who has written the foreword . she has been one of the cabinet ministers pushing for curbs on eu free movement – including restrictions on countries whose level of wealth is far below that of britain . limits : home secretary theresa may , pictured , has been one of the cabinet ministers pushing for curbs on eu free movement – including restrictions on countries whose level of wealth is far below that of britain . the report also warns of eastern european girls – aged 15 to 25 – being brought to britain and forced into prostitution , benefit fraud or sham weddings to asian men seeking a right to remain in the uk . manchester , birmingham and gretna are identified as hotspots – with scotland targeted so the victims can marry at a younger age . shockingly , the report found girls were sold to ' customers ' for pregnancy so the buyer could claim he had an article 8 right to a family life in the uk . europol , the eu 's crime fighting agency , has identified particular problems with children being brought into the uk from slovakia . voters want the tories to be far tougher on mass immigration , a major survey revealed last night . barely one in ten britons say they are satisfied with david cameron’s border policies . the poll by ipsos mori suggests this unhappiness may explain why large numbers of conservatives are switching to ukip . the findings will heap pressure on the prime minister to end his silence on immigration during the election campaign . he has not mentioned his party’s manifesto pledges to curb eu free movement , deport more illegals and tag foreign criminals . yet a large proportion of voters believe politicians are talking too little about migration . blow for cameron : a new ipsos mori survey reveals the huge levels of dissatisfaction with the government 's handing of immigration , especially among former tory supporters who now plan to vote ukip . major issue : just 12 per cent of all voters are satisfied with the handling of immigration , falling to just 1 per cent of ukip supporters . above , charts based on results from the ipsos mori survey . they are kept under the influence of drink and drugs , to make them easier to control , then sold for sex . police in kent said that , in a single day , 16 such children were taken into care . the report adds : ' pregnant women are sometimes recruited and forced to sell their babies . ' action : mr cameron has also pledged to crack down on abuse of the benefits system by eu nationals . romania and hungry were also identified as countries from which criminal gangs are trafficking women for sex . women who are brought to the uk and forced to work in the sex industry are often moved from city to city , with their services advertised online . one website featured 1,000 women based in london . the report calls on the eu to implement a new system of passenger name records so there is a better chance of tracking people smugglers and their victims who travel by air . but this is being blocked by the eu on privacy grounds . it would also alert the authorities if a suspected people smuggler was headed towards the uk with a child . the report says : ' exploiting the internet and borders made less defined due to european union policies like free movement , organised crime groups find the trafficking of victims a highly lucrative and accessible crime . ' the home office has estimated that , in any given year , there are between 10,000 and 13,000 victims of human trafficking in the uk . in the last parliament , the tories passed europe 's first modern slavery act . traffickers involved in the most serious cases now face possible life sentences . david cameron has also pledged to crack down on abuse of the benefits system by eu nationals . in november 2013 , he announced new rules stipulating that incomers can receive out-of-work benefits only once they have been living in the country for three months . uk benefits scam builds a slovak village . by ian drury , home affairs correspondent for the daily mail . a crime gang from slovakia duped unsuspecting families into travelling to the uk so they could scam hundreds of thousands of pounds in benefits – and send the cash back to a village known as ' smartie town ' . the profits were funnelled to the 1,000-year-old village of pavlovce nad uhom in the michalove district of slovakia where they were used to build houses . the homes are partly funded by the uk taxpayer and local residents have nicknamed them ' smarties ' after the chocolate sweets because the houses are painted brightly and in different colours . vivid : a house in so-called smartie town , where a crime gang funnelled profits from a benefits scam . homes in the 1,000-year-old village , such as the one pictured above , are partly funded by the uk taxpayer . when the gang feared uk officials might become suspicious , they changed tactics – sending the migrants to canada instead to claim asylum and state support there . the victims , expecting to work legally , had been transported to britain in coaches . but once they were across the border , the criminals seized their passports and other documents and forced them into domestic servitude , slave labour and welfare fraud – signing up for several state handouts including tax credits . gang members arranged housing and took their victims to open high street bank accounts using a ' translator ' who was also in on the lucrative scam . benefits were then paid into accounts in the names of the victims but controlled by the traffickers . scam : three slovakian crooks , including darina balogova , pictured , raked in £1.2million by bringing ' fake mothers ' to britain to claim benefits falsely . the sums of money made by the eastern europeans from trafficking victims using this kind of exploitation were huge . in another case , three slovakian con artists raked in £1.2million by bringing ' fake mothers ' to britain to claim benefits falsely . they persuaded women from their home country to live in the uk and fraudulently claim child and working tax benefits . the family splashed the vast amounts of cash they pocketed on a life of luxury , gambling in casinos and going on spending sprees to buy gold and diamonds . the crooks – darina balogova , her husband marek balog , and brother jaroslav bado – pulled off one of the largest welfare scams of its kind from a terraced house in chatham , kent . up to 50 women were brought to britain under freedom of movement rules and groomed to claim falsely that they were working for a temp agency on low wages so they could receive tax credits . after the gang had exploited the identities of the women , they allowed them to return to slovakia , retaining control of their bank accounts , passports , national insurance cards and birth certificates . balogova – who never worked a day after arriving in britain – kept around £30,000 in cash at their headquarters in nearby rochester . at least £60,000 in stolen benefits were transferred back home . but the scam was finally exposed when the criminals began using a high street stationer 's receipt books to write bogus payslips for the women . hm revenue & customs inspectors noticed they were using the same employee number on all the slips . in november 2011 , at maidstone crown court the gang were jailed for tax credit fraud and money laundering . balogova was sentenced to four-and-a-half years , while balog was given three-and-a-half years and bado three years . con artists : balogova , her husband marek balog , left , and brother jaroslav bado , right , persuaded women from their home country to live in the uk and fraudulently claim child and working tax benefits .