between the bad behaviour and the bad advice , raheem sterling is not exactly endearing himself to potential suitors right now . hippy crack and shisha pipes , mixed in with accusations of greed after being encouraged by his agent to reject liverpool’s offer of close to £100,000-a-week , might not be quite enough to send rival clubs running . after all , as liverpool know only too well , you can bite and racially abuse opponents and still secure a move to barcelona . but the evidence is sure to be a concern when the world’s richest clubs assess the character as much as the class of an individual before parting with the £40million upwards liverpool will demand to secure the services of a player like sterling . liverpool players raheem sterling and jordon ibe ( left ) have been pictured smoking a shisha pipe . this is the second time sterling has been pictured smoking from a shisha pipe in the past few days . the recent images of sterling will be a concern to clubs considering parting with £40million to sign the star . luis suarez secured a move to barcelona despite being involved in a number of incidents on the pitch . english football would appear to have yet another flawed talent , another player seemingly lacking the wit to make best use of the ability he has been blessed with . there is a reason why we rarely see the finest players on the planet caught in as compromising a position as sterling found himself on monday night . becoming as good as lionel messi or cristiano ronaldo — gareth bale even — requires more than ability alone . it requires the kind of professionalism and dedication that seems to be absent in english players too often photographed smoking or indulging in legal highs . as the latest photographs show , this is not an isolated incident and he will be lectured on the dangers of nitrous oxide when he meets with brendan rodgers tomorrow . it is more of a health issue than an image issue for liverpool’s manager , as sterling did at least opt for the privacy of his own home to suck on a balloon filled with nitrous oxide — unlike tottenham’s kyle walker , for instance . but rodgers will also suggest to the unsettled 20-year-old that he needs to select his friends more carefully given the emergence of the video in the first place . ibe was also pictured smoking shisha with sterling in fresh pictures that will further embarrass liverpool . it appears that liverpool stars sterling and ibe had a shisha pipe apiece and were also drinking fanta . sterling celebrates after scoring liverpool 's opening goal in monday night 's 2-0 win over newcastle united . becoming as good as lionel messi ( right ) or cristiano ronaldo ( left ) requires more than just ability alone . he should also heed the warnings of other talented players who have run into such trouble , like jack wilshere and ravel morrison . of course , it will not be the first time rodgers has questioned sterling over the company he keeps . he has publicly criticised the player’s agent for his role in the england international’s ongoing contract saga — and with some justification given how badly things have been handled . but rodgers’ criticism of aidy ward is limited to the issues over the contract because he recognises the agent as someone who , at times , has had a positive influence on a young man whose life has not been without its problems . ward is credited to some extent with the fact that sterling actually gives his manager few concerns when he is at work . he is said to be polite and courteous to the staff , is always punctual and applies himself in training and matches and generally has a smile on his face . liverpool manager brendan rodgers was due to speak to sterling to remind him of his responsibilities . ibe and sterling were wearing casual clothing and pictured inhaling from the lit shisha pipe ( bottom right ) . shisha is a water pipe in which flavoured tobacco is roasted with charcoal . the tobacco smoke passes through a water chamber and is inhaled deeply and slowly . the flavoured tobacco smells sweet , making it an enjoyable and relaxing experience , according to enthusiasts . despite the smoke passing through water , all the risks of smoking a regular cigarette are present – including respiratory and heart diseases , as well as cancer . during an hour-long shisha smoking session , it has been estimated the smoke inhaled is the equivalent of between 100 and 200 cigarettes . for all the uncertainty over his future , rodgers and the player have managed to maintain a healthy working relationship . the relationship between ward and sterling is more personal than the typical agent-player dynamic . they appear to be business partners judging by the company details of trinity goals limited . while ward has 80 per cent of the equity , the remaining 20 per cent is divided between sterling and arsenal’s alex oxlade-chamberlain . but ward has an almost paternal relationship with sterling , with the player affectionately addressing him as ‘ uncle aidy’ . clearly , sterling needs that kind of guidance . his team-mates might joke that he has ‘ more kids than caps’ when he admits to one daughter — he occasionally brings two-year-old melody rose into training — but denies a second child . but sterling’s own childhood was a difficult one . born in jamaica and raised for the first five years of his life in one of the more deprived districts of kingston , he would eventually leave with his mother to live on one of the toughest estates in north london in the shadow of wembley stadium . back in jamaica , when he was still only nine , the father he claims never to have known was murdered , reportedly shot dead in some kind of gangland ambush . in london , sterling had to leave his primary school to attend vernon house , a school in neasden for children with behavioural problems . ‘ as a young kid i had anger issues , ’ sterling admitted in a recent interview , although teachers at the school could not speak highly enough of him . while chris beschi once had to warn sterling he could end up ‘ in prison’ if he failed to change his ways , he remembers someone who was ‘ amazingly intelligent in so many ways ; a brilliant thinker’ . sterling was pictured on social media smoking a shisha pipe in a story published over the weekend . sterling was also filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - known as ' hippy crack ' . beschi told the mail on sunday two years ago that he would walk sterling and his classmates to look at the building site that would soon become the new wembley . it proved a source of inspiration , with qpr recruiting him when he was 10 . steve gallen , academy director during sterling’s time at qpr , remembers a young player whose ‘mentality’ was ‘ his strongest attribute’ . he also described him as ‘ a coach’s dream’ . gallen also praised sterling’s mother — nadine is a nurse — for her positive influence . when sterling moved to liverpool at 15 he lived in digs with the couple he warmly refers to as his ‘ house parents’ . eventually , however , nadine moved to merseyside , living with her son until around a year ago . judging by recent events , she might need to move back in . ward should think very carefully before he makes his next move , because the last few weeks have amounted to a pr disaster . sterling acknowledges young qpr supporters - the liverpool star joined the loftus road club at the age of 10 . there is nothing wrong with trying to secure the best deal possible for a player . particularly when ward can point to the fact that , right now , a player of sterling’s value to liverpool is earning roughly £6m-a- year less than daniel sturridge ; £35,000-a-week compared with £150,000-a-week . there was also nothing wrong with activating the trigger clause in sterling’s contract , which entitled him to renegotiate his deal after a number of appearances . by the end of last year , liverpool actually thought they had reached an agreement at just shy of £100,000-a-week . and if sterling looks at sturridge and questions why there is still such a significant shortfall , he probably has a point . such a reaction would be no different to other marquee players at top clubs when news emerges of a colleague landing a big deal . managers even joke of a queue forming at their office door . sterling has cause for complaint because he is a wonderful footballer . the academy staff at liverpool consider him the most exciting winger to have come through the club’s system and rodgers has described him as the finest young player in europe . roy hodgson was so impressed he unleashed him at last summer’s world cup in brazil , aged just 19 . it is simply the way ward and sterling have gone about their business off the field that has been so unpalatable . the unauthorised interview with the bbc ; an article in the sunday times magazine when he said it was an ambition to have his own song ‘ from the kop’ . the kop duly obliged on monday night against newcastle , informing the scorer of their opening goal that his ‘ agent is a ****’ . sterling says it is not about the money , that it is about playing champions league football and winning trophies . but don’t activate that trigger clause and make out you want a new contract if the real intention is to move to manchester city , chelsea or arsenal . don’t take the dispute into the public arena if it’s not a pay rise you’re after , but a transfer . sterling celebrates with ibe after scoring in monday 's premier league match at anfield against newcastle . ibe pictured during monday night 's win over newcastle , which kept liverpool in the top four chase . if ward’s intention is to take sterling away from liverpool this summer , the player is not making his job easy right now . alarmed by recent events , arsenal are already thought to be going cold on the idea . the agent will tell potential suitors not to read too much into the photographs , that sterling is a good christian boy who says his prayers every night and rarely , if ever , touches alcohol . he drives a range rover ; an expensive but sensible car . he was bright enough to buy a house when he was only 18 and generous enough to buy his mother a ‘ beautiful house’ back in jamaica . ward might also point out that the mistakes he has made are typical of any other 20-year-old . trouble is , sterling is not like any other 20-year-old . he is a gifted footballer who needs to ask himself a couple of important questions . does he want to be the best ? and if so , is he prepared to make the sacrifices ?