bearing in mind he’s a dog , don the border collie did a pretty good job yesterday of piloting a tractor across a motorway . to be fair , however , this probably wasn’t the first thought to strike rush-hour drivers as they watched him crash through a fence and come hurtling towards them . like a scene from wallace and gromit , the intrepid sheepdog was at the controls when he sent the farm utility vehicle down a steep bank , on to the busy carriageway and into the central reservation barrier . don 's owner tom hamilton ( pictured ) was tending to a lamb when the sheepdog took control by nudging the controls . the tractor smashed through a fence before ending up on the road . don was unhurt in the ordeal but the incident caused major tailbacks . despite considerable damage , don escaped unhurt – but left scores of motorists wondering if they were imagining things . traffic scotland tweeted a bizarre warning that there may be hold-ups ‘ due to a dog taking control of tractor’ , adding : ‘ nope , not joking . ’ appropriately , they couldn’t resist the hashtag : ‘ # maycausetailbacks’ . observers and twitter commentators joined the pun fun by speculating : ‘ police investigating – so far no leads’ ; or the inevitable : ‘ this is barking . ’ the incident happened at junction 13 of the m74 , near abington in south lanarkshire . sheep farmer tom hamilton was travelling across a field in the john deere gator farm vehicle with his companion in the passenger seat during their morning rounds . behind the wheel : don leaned on the controls of the tractor before driving it on to the m74 near abington in south lanarkshire during rush hour . the vehicle shot out of the field and crashed down a bank by the side of the road before colliding with the central reservation of the m74 near junction 13 northbound as shown by the red arrow . moments after he got out of the vehicle , it took off with don at the wheel . safely back at nearby kirkton farm yesterday with don at his side , mr hamilton explained : ‘ i was sorting out one of the lambs and hadn’t put the brake on . ‘ when i turned around i saw it racing towards the motorway . i ran after it but i couldn’t catch up . ’ traffic scotland tweeted the news that a dog had ' taken control of a tractor ' before adding , ' nope , not joking ' . officers cleared the motorway within half an hour and don was reunited with his relieved owner at nearby kirkton farm . remarkably , drivers managed to avoid the runaway vehicle before it came to crashing halt , and none was hurt . nor did the black and white border collie ( a breed noted for its intelligence and obedience ) panic or flee in terror . ‘ he didn’t even bark , ’ mr hamilton said . police said don had set the vehicle in motion by inadvertently leaning on the controls . ‘ so far people seem to find it amusing , ’ mr hamilton said . ‘ but i think don’s driving days are over . ’ monty , a giant schnauzer cross , was pictured driving a mini down a race track in new zealand in 2012 .