comedian dom joly proved he still had work to do on his diving despite training from tom daley , after making a real splash in the round-the-world volvo ocean race in brazil . the 47-year-old was invited to join other international celebrity guests onboard boats in the six-strong fleet for the start of the sixth leg , from itajaí to newport , rhode island , u.s . as the fleet headed out of harbour , the guests all jumped off the vessels . joly , who is also a travel writer , shone with a flying leap off race leaders abu dhabi ocean racing 's boat , skippered by his compatriot , ian walker . dom joly soars like a bird as he leaps from the yacht in brazilian waters . but the action turns more into a jump than a dive as the water comes nearer . it 's feet first on this one as the comedian plunges into the depths . earlier , joly said he was a dab hand at diving after being trained in the sport by britain 's olympic medallist , tom daley , for tv show splash ! however this jump was more ' tourist abroad ' than diving expert . the daredevil joly earlier climbed the 30-metre ( 100-foot ) mast of the racing boat for a special ' selfie ' pic before it set out to sea . the volvo ocean race started last october from alicante , spain and is currently in its sixth leg . it will visit 11 ports in total and cover 38,739 miles before finishing in gothenburg , sweden , on june 27 . the comedian and travel writer joined up with team abu dhabi ocean racing for the world yacht race . dom joly climbed the mast for an impressive selfie in brazil - but then claimed he was stuck . the boats are expected to take around 17-20 days to reach newport , the seventh port to host the race . no british sailor has won the 41-year-old race , which was originally launched in portsmouth as the whitbread round the world race . the race started on october 4 , 2014 , day of the first in-port race in alicante , spain , and will finish with one last in-port race on june 27 , 2015 in gothenburg , the swedish home of volvo . dom joly is pictured walking out with the rest of the abu dhabi team . the 38,739-nautical mile route will include stopovers in cape town ( south africa ) , abu dhabi ( uae ) , sanya ( china ) , auckland ( new zealand ) , itajaí ( brazil ) , newport ( rhode island , us ) , lisbon ( portugal ) and lorient ( france ) . a 24-hour pit-stop in the hague is scheduled between france and sweden . the previous volvo ocean race started in october 2011 in alicante and was won by groupama sailing team , skippered by frenchman franck cammas , in july 2012 . 