as this image gets larger , what do you see ? most people will pick out a phantom-like picture of albert einstein . but if you see a hollywood pin-up , you may need a trip to the opticians . at normal viewing distance , healthy eyes should be able to pick up the fine lines on einstein 's face , causing the brain to disregard marilyn monroe 's image altogether . scroll down for video . the image was created by superimposing a blurry picture of monroe over a picture of albert einstein drawn in fine lines . features with a high spatial frequency ( einstein ) are only visible when you 're viewing them close up , and those with low spatial frequencies ( monroe ) are only visible from further away . combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen . this classic optical illusion was created several years ago by neuroscientists at the massachusetts institute of technology . in a recent video , asapscience highlighted the process behind the trick , which can also be seen in a still image by anyone if they move closer and then farther away from the screen . ‘ depending on how well you’re able to focus or pick up contrast your eye will only pick out details , ’ the video explains . ‘ up close , we’re generally able to pick up fine details like einstein’s moustache and wrinkles . ‘ but as the distance increases , or if your vision is poor and creates a more blurred image in the first place , your ability to pick up details fades away . ‘ instead you only see general features , like the shape of mouth , nose and hair , and are left seeing marilyn monroe . ‘ . the mit team , led by dr aude oliva , has spent over a decade creating hybrid optical illusions that show how images can be hidden with textures , words and other objects . when you look at the image above , whose face do you see ? at normal screen viewing distance you should see the face of albert einstein . squint your eyes or take a few steps back from the image and marilyn monroe should come into view . ' marilyn einstein ' was created by superimposing a blurry picture of marilyn monroe over a picture of albert einstein drawn in fine lines . features with a high spatial frequency are only visible when viewing them close up , and those with low spatial frequencies are only visible at a distance . combining pictures of the two produces a single image which changes when the viewer moves closer or farther away from the screen . dr oliva’s group say these images not only reveal vision problems , but can also highlight how the brain processes information . in one study , participants were shown hybrid images for just of 30 milliseconds , and only recognised the low spatial resolution , or blurry , component of the image . on the top row , up close , you can see that the man on the left is scowling , while the woman on the right has a placid facial emotion . move back , and the faces change expressions and even genders . if you squint , blink or defocus , the angry man turns calm , and the calm woman turns angry , and male . at normal viewing distance , you may see a dolphin . but disguised within the low spatial frequency of this hybrid is a car , which you will see once you step back a few metres . but when the images were shown for 150 milliseconds , they only recognised the image that was produced in fine detail , or in high spatial resolution . in a separate test , they were shown sad faces in high spatial resolution and angry faces in low spatial resolution . they superimposed pictures used both male and female faces . when displayed for 50 milliseconds , participants always saw an angry face , but were unable to pinpoint the sex of the person pictured . dr oliva says this shows that our brains discriminate between picking out fine detail in some situations , and broader detail in others . the brain’s processing of fine details happens slightly later than processing other features , according to the research . the teams believes hybrid images such as this may prove useful to advertisers who want to change how their logos appear at different distances . it could also be used to mask text on devices so only someone viewing close up can read it . these images contain old fashioned maps of the distribution of cranial organs which can only be seen at close range to the image . at a distance , all that will be seen are two normal portraits . hybrid images can create textures with viewing distance . this picture shows an example of a woman 's face that turns into a cat at close distance .