every second of the day you are subjected to radiation from compounds in soil , buildings and even your own body . but for people who fly frequently , cosmic radiation can increase this exposure significantly . now there is an app that records your personal radiation to reveal how much you are exposed to from from medical examinations , changes in your location , and flights . the trackyourdose app ( pictured ) was developed by germany-based firm esooka and uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists . the £1.49 ( $ 1.99 ) ios app keeps a record of a user 's personal radiation including exposure from changes in a person 's location and flights . the trackyourdose app was developed by germany-based esooka . it uses a mathematical model developed by scientists and meteorologists from the physikalisch-technische bundesanstalt ( ptb ) in germany and the university oulu , finland . since 1997 , ptb has studied the cosmic radiation at typical flight altitudes and used this to calculate radiation levels . to to do this , ptb 's scientists developed a carry-on ' flight case ' . using the case , ptb 's scientists measured more than 2,500 points at flight altitudes between 5 miles ( 8km ) and 7.5 miles ( 12km ) worldwide between 1997 and 2006 . this covered geographical location , the flight altitude and solar activity . 6 µsv : typical radiation from a dentist 's x-ray . 10 μsv : average daily natural radiation . 40 μsv : radiation from flying from new york to los angeles . 100 µsv : radiation from a 10-hour flight across the north atlantic . 2,100 µsv : annual radiation of a typical person in europe . 3,000 μsv : radiation from a mammogram . 3,600 μsv : average annual radiation of a us citizen . 50,000 μsv : maximum allowable yearly occupational dose in the us . 100,000 μsv : lowest yearly dose linked to increased risk of cancer . 2,000,000 μsv : severe and potentially fatal . it can measure all the relevant types of radiation , in particular neutron radiation produced in the atmosphere . using the trackyourdose app , users enter the details of the airports they are flying from and to and the date they are travelling . the current solar activity for the flight is then inputted , using a neutron monitor of the university of oulu in finland . in addition to tracking cosmic radiation from air travel , the app accounts for gamma radiation and cosmic radiation on the ground and medical examinations with ionizing radiation such as x-rays or ct scans lead to radiation exposure . the measurement is called the ' ambient dose equivalent ' and is recorded in microsieverts ( µsv ) . in the us , this is often measured in a unit called rem and one sievert is equivalent to 100 rem . a ten-hour flight across the north atlantic , for instance , results in a radiation exposure of between 50 µsv to 100 µsv . by comparison , an x-ray at a dentist exposes patients to 6 µsv , depending on the type of x-ray . in 2012 , the total annual radiation exposure of a typical person in europe , through naturally occurring radiation , came to about 2,100 µsv . the same year a radiation monitor tracked 131µsv per hour at the site of the fukushima power plant . while the average radiation of someone in the us is 3,600µsv . experts studied the cosmic radiation at flight altitudes between 5 miles ( 8km ) and 7.5 miles ( 12km ) worldwide between 1997 and 2006 . a trackyourdose user enters their flights details and solar activity for the flight is inputted , using a neutron monitor from the university of oulu in finland . a 10-hour flight over the north atlantic , for instance , results in a radiation exposure of between 50 µsv to 100 µsv . by comparison , an x-ray ( stock image right ) exposes patients to 6µsv - depending on the x-ray , while a mammogram ( right ) produces 3,000 μsv . a dosage of 2,000,000 μsv is considered severe and potentially fatal . airline pilots are at risk of deadly skin cancer because they are exposed to cockpit radiation similar to levels from tanning beds . pilots flying for an hour at 30,000ft get the same amount of radiation as 20 minutes on a tanning bed . and researchers believe the levels could be higher when pilots are flying over thick clouds and snow fields , which can reflect uv radiation . a team from the university of california measured the amount of uv radiation in airplane cockpits during flights . the cockpit radiation was measured in the pilot seat of a general aviation turboprop airplane through the acrylic plastic windshield at ground level and at various heights above sea level . sun exposures were measured in san jose , california , and in las vegas around midday in april . they then compared them with measurements taken in tanning beds . while short-wave uv-b ultraviolet radiation can not easily penetrate glass and plastic windows , long-wave uv-a is much more likely to get through . both kinds of uv can cause skin ageing and cancer . approximately half of this dose comes from x-rays , mammograms , ct scans and similar . the other , natural half occurs from radioactive compounds in soil and building materials like concrete and brick . the small amount of mineral potassium in the human body is also radioactive . of this natural radiation , around nine per cent comes from cosmic radiation . particles from space interact with the atmosphere and earth 's magnetic field to generate cosmic radiation . sources are said to include gamma ray bursts , solar flares and supernovae . it is what 's known as ionising , which means particles can alter charged particles from atoms that can potentially cause chemical changes in body tissue . exposure to this kind of radiation is more significant at higher latitudes and near the magnetic poles , and many planes take polar routes to cut journey times . this exposure is so significant that in 1994 us pilots and cabin crew were classified as ' radiation workers ' and the maximum allowable yearly occupational does is 50,000 μsv . last year researchers from the university of california found that pilots flying for an hour at 30,000ft get the same amount of radiation as 20 minutes on a tanning bed . and researchers believe the levels could be higher when pilots are flying over thick clouds and snow fields , which can reflect uv radiation . the lowest yearly dose that has been linked to an increase in cancer risk is 100,000 μsv , while a dosage of 2,000,000 μsv is considered severe and potentially fatal .  