bumping into peter stringfellow in mothercare in palma just over a year ago was not such a big surprise , since we both have houses in majorca where i now live most of the year . however , it was a scene that would have amused anyone who had known us both , or had read about us in gossip columns , in our heyday in the eighties . there we were , two gentlemen in our 70s ; me , a former newspaper editor and peter a well-known businessman , with more than our fair share of silver hair . we were both pushing a buggy with a tiny baby inside : me , my son ben , now four , who was born when i was 73 ; peter , his daughter rosabella , who arrived when he was 72 . our beautiful and much younger wives ( a 40-year gap in his case , 25 in mine ) were there too and it was smiles and congratulations all round . donald trelford ( left ) had his son ben ( back right ) when he was 73 and his daughter poppy ( held by donald ) when he was 76-years-old . since then claire , 52 , and i have had a second child , poppy , while it has just been announced that 74-year-old peter and bella are expecting a sibling for their 20-month-old daughter . i was 76 when poppy came along last may , making me , i believe , the oldest living british new father . so what advice could i give to other would-be septuagenarian fathers ? well , i know from experience that two children are more than twice the work of one . you have two minds and sensitivities to cope with , so to prevent jealousy equal attention is essential . for example , as she is only ten months old , poppy’s cot is in our bedroom . much effort is required to stop ben thinking he is being excluded when he sleeps on his own . then there’s the feeding , the nappy changing , the crying in the night and the wearying lack of sleep . the sheer physical effort of coping with children at this age can be demanding . so much so that i have to take a brisk daily walk and use an exercise bike and some modest weights to revive my shrinking muscles . after all , toddlers can be heavy and buggies even heavier . then there is the manhandling of a mountain of luggage whenever we travel : suitcases , car seats , pushchairs , carry-cots and toys . travelling with children is not easy , anyway , as i once discovered when i was bringing ben back to majorca on my own after a family trip to the uk . we were in the two seats nearest the window , with a rather formidable-looking lady , casually flicking through the pages of a style magazine , in the aisle seat . the plane had just taken off and was still climbing ( with the lavatory off-limits ) when i detected a terrible smell . ben’s nappy had overflowed on to the seat ( note to nappy manufacturers : make them higher at the back ) . i worked away frantically with wet wipes and a plastic bag , worrying about the people sitting nearby . fortunately , the lady in the aisle seat appeared to be lacking any sense of sight , hearing or smell . donald ( pictured with ben and poppy ) says the physical effort of coping with young children at his age can be demanding but he takes daily walks and uses an exercise bike to keep fit . ben and i managed to edge our way to the loo without making eye contact with other passengers and thankfully things were soon put right . i know easyjet has hundreds of planes ; even so , if any reader is flying with them , i would avoid seat 4f , just in case . besides the occasional blip , raising a child , no matter your age , is a huge pleasure . feeding a baby its bottle is one of the great joys of life for a father and one of the few things one ever does that is unquestionably useful . however , when you are in your 70s , levering yourself out of a deep armchair afterwards and transferring baby to cot without waking it is quite a physical achievement . i think it should be included as an olympic event for the over-75s . now i am 77 and i can think of many moments i have shared with my young children which never fail to bring a smile to my face ; mainly because i never dreamt i would be experiencing such moments at this age . there was the afternoon i spent catching popcorn fired from a cannon in a spanish square while being jostled by screaming infants . one morning , i dodged moving traffic to rescue a balloon for my son before the car wheels crushed it — or me . during a lively fiesta i paraded one child dressed as an ant and another as a strawberry before bumping into my spanish bank manager , herself dressed as a plum . then there is the novelty of exchanging pleasantries in halting spanish at my son’s school gates with yummy mummies who must be at least 50 years younger than me . majorca is thankfully a marvellous place for bringing up children , and not only because the spanish simply idolise them . claire and i began going there for holidays shortly after we met in 1997 and eventually we decided to make a permanent move . we now live in a beautiful finca , or country estate , on the side of a hill with mountain views all around and the sea only a few miles away . there is a big garden with an orchard , in which ben and i pick oranges off our trees and he takes them away in his little wheelbarrow and puts them though the juicer himself while standing on a kitchen stool . you couldn’t do that in coventry , my birthplace . when ben started at the escoleta ( nursery school ) , i used to take him there in a pushchair , then go into the main square for a coffee with the empty chair . on one of these journeys , a friend who understood the catalan spoken there says she heard an old majorcan woman say to her neighbour : ‘ the old man has forgotten the baby again . ’ surprisingly , i have been mistaken for ben’s grandfather only twice ( at least to my face ) . i have four grown-up children from earlier marriages . once , during a get-together in a restaurant , some pushy and very nosey british tourists at the next table insisted on knowing more about the puzzling family beside them . i declared proudly : ‘ this is my son paul — he is 44 ; this is my son ben — he is two . ’ in fact , the gap between my oldest and youngest daughters is even bigger : 49 years . thankfully , the older children are very happy about the new arrivals and couldn’t wait to see them . the eldest of my six grandchildren , who is 14 , sent his new-born uncle ben a note : ‘ hope the birth went well . ’ my youngest grandchild is one-month-old . the biggest drawback with a baby at this age is the freedom it steals . the new arrival needs constant attention . whereas before i could write if i felt like it , or go for a walk , or read a book , or watch some sport on tv , there is now a prior , and sometimes rather insistent , call on my time . even though you have been through it before , there are always anxieties with tiny babies . before poppy was born , we were warned she might not survive due to a medical condition suffered by my wife . when poppy arrived fit and healthy via a caesarean , the doctors had to give claire emergency pain relief for several hours , during which time i was left holding the baby . talking to her during those first hours was a strangely surreal , precious experience . before leaving the hospital in palma we had to complete some forms but the officials flatly refused to believe my date of birth and wouldn’t let us go until i had dug out my passport to prove it . thankfully , claire and poppy both emerged none the worse for their respective ordeals . there had always been a nagging doubt in our minds that , given our ages , there was a risk of abnormality , but both our babies are strong and beautiful . along with the inevitable anxieties there are many small pleasures of late-life parenthood : the warming smile of recognition in the morning , that look of unconditional love , the noisy ecstasies of splash-time in the bath , the heart-bursting pride as baby takes its first steps . i look at ben’s face sometimes , his stubborn assertion of his identity , and feel a surge of love that comes from somewhere very deep inside . there is a sadder side to having tiny children at my age , in that i won’t live to see them as adults , maybe not even in their teens . i also have to face the fact that they may hardly remember me at all in later life . for them , too , there is the inevitable trauma of losing a parent while they are young . but then some children lose their parents anyway ; i have known two fathers who died at 51 , one of them before seeing his child . to say that i should not have had children at my age would have left my wife childless , for she has not been married before nor had any previous children . that is a big call for anyone to make about other people’s lives . a curious family oddity is that my father was born in 1911 and ben in 2011 ; my mother was born in 1914 and poppy in 2014 . we called her poppy before realising how appropriate a name it was for someone born on the centenary of world war i . i have to admit that it can be a strange and unsettling experience being so old a new father , especially when both children look like me ( friends call ben ‘ a little donald’ ) . you can’t help thinking : ‘ in my end is my beginning . ’ whatever happens , one can only hope that these late-coming trelfords will get as much fun out of life as their old man .