jacques burger encapsulates all the values rugby union’s marketing people love to espouse . fiercely loyal , brave beyond words , strong and dedicated . at saracens , who take on racing metro in paris on sunday in the european champions cup quarter-final , the flanker is loved by his team-mates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents who fear the reckless abandon with which he is prepared to play the game . with a face left battered and bruised by years of punishment , burger is the man you want on your team . ‘ i change into something else when i play rugby , my personality changes , ’ said burger . ‘ when i step off the pitch i will be somebody else again . it is pretty weird . you go out there and do your job then you step off and pick up your kids and you are soft again . when it is time to go , there is a switch that turns you on for a big match . saracens ace jacques burger looks to get to grips with harlequins marland yarde . burger of saracens tackles harlequins ace chris robshaw in the aviva premiership match . ‘ my dad always says he doesn’t want to die a healthy man . i don’t want to go down healthy . hopefully there’ll be a bit of wear and tear . i’m happy to crack on and give 100 per cent every time i get the opportunity . ’ therein lies the challenge facing rugby today . for all we love about these young men who risk serious injury every week in order to entertain us , are the risks becoming too great ? saracens director of rugby mark mccall described burger as ‘ unique among rugby players’ , praising his willingness to ignore risks to his own wellbeing . burger and schalk brits of saracens tackle damien chouly of asm clermont auvergne . burger bursts through to score a try during the aviva premiership match between saracens and harlequins . his continued presence on a rugby field is something of a miracle after undergoing pioneering knee surgery in south africa more than three years ago which a british specialist refused to carry out because he considered it too extreme . at the very least he will need a full knee replacement in the not-too-distant future . ‘ i feel massively blessed , ’ said the 31-year-old namibian farmer’s son from windhoek . ‘ i never thought i’d have come back and played so many games after the surgery . i went through a lot of pain . ‘ the physio says i’m a bit like benjamin button . i’m going back in time and healing up again . i will probably regret it after rugby when i’m sitting at home having to do some work . but that’s for the future . i’ll worry about that when i get there . ’ sitiveni sivivatu is tackled by burger and kelly brown during the heineken cup semi final . but while he can be very cavalier with his own body , burger believes players do need to be protected from themselves at times . ‘ it is annoying for players sometimes because you want to crack on and keep playing . but players’ health after rugby has to be the no 1 priority because it is such a short amount of rugby you play in your life . ’ the 31-year-old will run out against racing metro on sunday off the back of a performance against harlequins at wembley last saturday that mccall believes was his best since the astonishing man-of-the-match display he produced against clermont auvergne in last year’s european semi-final . ‘it’s going to take a big game to bring it home , ’ said burger . ‘ the european knockout stages is when you get tested . that’s when some guys become stars and i’m up for that . ’