racing legend tony mccoy ended his career as a jump jockey without adding to his haul of more than 4,300 winners . his two , third-place finishes at sandown park in front of a packed crowd of 18,000 race fans brought an end to the greatest racing career in history . mccoy , 40 , has been champion jump jockey for the past 20 years , and when he was handed the trophy for the final time today by former arsenal player ian wright , it emerged that the irish jockey will be allowed to keep it in perpetuity . an emotional tony mccoy takes a moment after he finished third in his 17,630th race at sandown park . some 18,000 people packed sandown park to see the 20-time champion jockey on his final two rides . mccoy was joined on stage by his wife chanelle and daughter eve and young son archie . mccoy , known to racing fans as ap , was cheered on by his wife chanelle , and children archie and eve . in a career that has lasted more than 25 years , mccoy has ridden in more than 17,000 races and fallen an estimated 1,000 times breaking almost every bone in his body at least once . mccoy looked clearly emotional has he waved to the crowd after finishing third aboard box office in his final race . the record-breaking jockey admitted that , unusually , he had difficulty sleeping last night before his final professional rides . mccoy has been champion jockey in britain and ireland since 1996 . during his career he has had 4,348 winners since his first victory in in thurles , in tipperary , ireland on march 26 , 1992 aboard legal steps . his first british winner was in exeter in 1994 , riding chickabiddy to victory . ap mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on saturday . an emotional mccoy could n't contain his emotions as he waved to the crowd after his last race . mccoy was congratulated by fellow jockeys as he prepared for his final ever race after in sandown park . speaking to channel 4 , mccoy said : ' today has been way beyond my expectations and thanks to sandown and all the people who have been here today . it’s been an honour and a privilege . i’ve had a brilliant way of life for the past 25 years . ' i think it’s so much easier to enjoy and be successful in what you do if you like the people you work with and i’ve been incredibly lucky in that respect . ' after the race , he was joined on stage by his family where he addressed the crowd . ' i would like to thank the bha for allowing me to keep the trophy . i have had it a long time . ' i do n't think i will ever celebrate retirement . i feel more sadness but i aware it had to happen it felt very different driving in and going into the weighing room . ' i went into the sauna for three-quarters of an hour and i will probably never go into one in my life again . ' there has been the last time this and the last time that over the last few weeks but this really is the last time . last night was probably the first time in my life i did n't sleep well . my routine is going to have to change so much i will have to adapt . ' mccoy announced his retirement in february but it was only the passing of the grand national and his last rides at cheltenham that made reality hit home . the racing legend was swamped by photographers and punters following his last professional race . mccoy was presented the champion jockey trophy by ian wright - mccoy is an arsenal fanatic . mccoy added : ' race riding has been an addiction . the reason in the last two weeks i have not been riding as much was because i wanted to get myself prepared . ' that is why i announced my retirement when i did . i wanted to prepare myself for not being a jockey . ' i thought that was the best way of coping with it . it has been easy until the last couple of weeks . i am well aware the next two days , two weeks , two months , two years are going to be the most difficult . ' ' i have been very lucky and what i would say to the young lads in the weighing room enjoy every moment of it . ' in any sport to be successful you have to be prepared to work harder than anyone else . i think i have got talent but i have never thought i am the best at anything . when i look back i do n't think i leave much behind . ' in his final race , he was beaten by his long-time rival and friend richard johnson - who has been runner-up in the champion jockey race to mccoy for the past fifteen years . speaking after the race , mccoy tipped his friend to take over from him next season . 'i’d like richard johnson to be champion jockey because he made me achieve a lot of the things that i did . ' i would never have achieved the numbers i have done if it wasn’t for richard johnson . that’s no disrespect to sam twiston-davies or tom scudamore or jason maguire . we have numerous lads who could be champion jockey , but personally i would like richard johnson to be champion jockey . ' in advance of his final rides today , stars from across sport , entertainment and racing paid tribute to mccoy , among them , arsene wenger , manager of his beloved arsenal . the arsenal boss said : ' i would like to congratulate you ap on your outstanding career . it’s absolutely exceptional what you have done and at arsenal , who we know you support , we are inspired by that kind of dedication , quality and consistency that you have achieved in your career . well done . ' presenter clare balding said : ' i admire him so much for his skill in the saddle , for his dedication to the sport , for being able to stay at the top of his game for 20 years . ' but i almost admire him more for turning away now , for being able to bow out at the top , i think that takes so much courage . he knows he could carry on for another five years but he doesn’t want to doubt himself . ' he knows that if he doubts himself for a second that will travel down the reigns and the horses won’t believe what he’s always believed , that he is the best . ' sandown park was packed with fans eager to watch mccoy in his penultimate race on saturday . the retiring 20-time champion jockey admitted he went into the final two rides of his career with a heavy heart . retiring jockey mccoy insists he will never return to professional racing after his sandown farewell . dame judi dench , actress : ' a winner . he’s a winner . i can’t imagine how he is going to feel , i must say , retiring from having such a kind of glittering career . he was born to ride a horse , he was born to win too . it’s wonderful to meet him and be able to say to him , you’re a legend . ' ian wright , who presented the champions jockey trophy mccoy said : ' ap mccoy is made of something else altogether . for 20 years he has been at the top of his game , riding winners , week in week out . i can think of no other sportsman or woman who can match his record . like the arsenal team of 2003/04 he’s proven that he truly is an invincible . it was an incredible honour to award him with his trophy for the final time on the day he retires . ' trainer jonjo o’neill , who : 'he’s a brilliant all-rounder . he was the one man out there you didn’t want riding against you . i was lucky to get a lot of use out of him – more than anybody else . he’s fantastic on the lesser horses and he gets just as much of a kick out of winning a selling plate race as he does the gold cup . he gives it the same ride , that’s why he’s very special . ' jp mcmanus , racehorse owner and long-standing employer : ' i get enormous pleasure from ap riding . if he is on one of my horses then it’s a bonus but if it’s somebody else’s i still get a thrill out of it . we’ve had many great days winning the grand national and a gold cup . there’s never a right time [ to retire ] , but it’s nice that he’s picking a time of his choosing . he’s an ironman and a lovely man . i’ve grown to love him more and more , as my family have . there’s something deep and great about him . ' tony mccoy signs autographs for punters on his final-ever day as a jockey at sandown . legendary 20-time jockey mccoy carries his son archie , high-fiving racehorse owner jp mcmanus .  