ronny deila insisted on friday night that scottish football would benefit if referees gave a public explanation of their decisions after matches . the celtic manager stressed he still had a positive view of officiating in this country despite the josh meekings handball debacle that helped kill his treble dream last weekend . but deila has called for similar transparency as in his norwegian homeland , arguing that referees facing the media would help quell long-running furores and improve relationships . celtic manager ronny deila speaks to the officials after his side 's scottish cup semi-final loss to inverness . celtic wrote to the sfa in the aftermath of last weekend 's defeat to inverness , seeking ' to understand ' how steven mclean and his assistants failed to act on the meekings incident . ' when my team has a bad performance , i have to stand in front of newspapers and everybody , ' said deila . ' if it 's good , it 's good . if it 's bad , it 's bad , but i have to stand up to it . ' i ca n't understand what the problem is with the referees doing it as well . ' they could say : ' i made a bad mistake , i 'm so sorry , i 'm irritated at myself , i should have done it better , i should learn from this . ' what could you say after that ? ' it 's not important for me to speak with the referee . it 's the press . if the press has a question for me and i say no comment , it never stops . if i say what i think , then you move on . ' it would be good for referees . we all know they will make mistakes in the future and do good and bad things . inverness defender josh meekings will be allowed to appear in scottish cup final after his ban was dismissed . ' we will do the same , but just to be open and honest gets you much more respect . you have to be able to handle it through good times and bad times . ' if they shut themselves away , you do n't get answers and that 's why we are writing a letter to them just asking what happened . ' if not , we do n't need to do that . they tell it to television . what 's the problem ? more and more in norway , the referees go to speak to the media after the match . ' speaking in december , deila said that scottish referees had been ' fantastic ' since he came to celtic and that he had encountered more problems in european matches . meekings was not sent off and no penalty was given as inverness went on to beat celtic 3-2 after extra-time . ' i have n't changed my mind , ' he insisted . ' you see mistakes all over europe and i think the referees here have been good , i have no problems with that . ' it 's just afterwards there are a lot of things . so many meetings , appeals , i ca n't understand that system . but that 's not up to me , it 's up to others . ' referees have performances evaluated by assessors but deila feels it would be better if they came under a more public disciplinary system similar to managers and players . ' i think it is strange that we have to do it and not the referees , ' he added . ' we are all one unit – football . ' i think it should be the same rules for everybody . if my players are not performing well then i talk with them . and the solution might be that they are out of the team . ' how do you punish a referee ? you could give another referee a chance instead , give someone a break . ' in norway referees get banned as well . they get told they have to go down to the first division for a couple of matches or have a week off and then come back again . i think that is made public . '