a former member , miracle , told daily mail australia abuse victims were often blamed for their situations . as police step up their inquiries into a secretive christian community following abuse allegations , former members have told of a culture of victim-blaming . gloriavale , a new zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict new testament creed and wears blue uniforms , has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks . several ex-members have come forward , telling stories of sexual abuse , violence and bullying - sometimes involving underage girls . miracle escaped gloriavale with her family around six years ago . she told daily mail australia that sex outside of marriage and with underage children was ' absolutely frowned upon ' and ' dealt with very severely in the community ' . ' in saying that , these things have happened . these allegations against certain individuals - there is truth in them . ' where it 's been brought out into the open , the leaders have dealt with it - but where i disagree is that the girls in particular are blamed . scroll down for video . gloriavale , a new zealand settlement of around 500 where everyone follows a strict new testament creed and wears blue uniforms , has come under increasing scrutiny in recent weeks following abuse allegations . residents of gloriavale follow a new testament code , wear blue uniforms and do not use birth control . this still is from a previous documentary about gloriavale . gloriavale is located on the west coast of new zealand and has an estimated population of around 500 . ' julia ' , pictured , told a new zealand television program she was the victim of a ' wrong relationship ' with an adult man when she was a child . ' they have been called w****s and s***s and that sort of thing and almost exonerated the guys . the guys could n't help it . ' that then causes an effect where the girls do n't want to bring it out into the open . they think if i go and say , `` this happened to me '' they 'll turn on me and `` blame me '' . ' miracle said there had been a few ' one off incidents ' - but that ' it 's not just the one ' . ' where i disagree is the way it 's been dealt with , it 's always placed on the girl . ' women are treated well , they are looked after very well , but there is this doctrine that women submit to the men and do what they are told . ' ( the men ) are brought before meetings and dealt with . they are punished . but not to the same extent the girl would be . ' another former member , karen winder , told stuff.co.nz abuse was ' not rampant ' . she said young men are ' groomed ' to have sex with underage girls and should not shoulder the blame . ' ( some think ) that 13 and 14 year old girls are ready to have babies - there 's no child rape going on , ' ms winder was quoted saying . ' a 23-year-old is not necessarily culpable for his actions , because he 's been groomed for it . ' she reportedly added that she knew of a female member who had been involved with an older man when she was 15 . there has been an exodus from gloriavale ( located on the picturesque banks of lake haupiri ) in recent years . another escapee , julia , told the campbell live program earlier this month that she had a ' wrong relationship with a married guy when she was 12 or 13 ' - and he was a decade older . gloriavale responded to recent allegations in an interview with tvnz this week . ' there have been serious allegations but it does n't mean they 're all true , ' said a spokesman . he would not discuss the particulars . police reportedly made a ' social call ' to the town this week and are urging anyone with evidence of abuse to come forward . miracle said gloriavale needs to open itself up the outside world . ' these things are starting to happen more and more frequently because of their closing off , ' she said . there has been a mass exodus from gloriavale over the past two years , most recently including a family of 14 in march . they , and other families are now living some 350km south-west of gloriavale . the ben canaan family , pictured , recently left gloriavale for timaru .