enemy drones have become a major threat on the battlefield , and the uu navy hopes a roof mounted laser could be the answer . its ground-based air defense directed energy on-the-move program , commonly referred to as gbad , allowing controllers to simply drive the weapon to a target . once drones are spotted , it can them shoot them out of the sky with a high powered laser . scroll down for video . the system will be able to spot and track drones , then shoot them out of the sky using a 30kw laser . ' we 're confident we can bring together all of these pieces in a package that 's small enough to be carried on light tactical vehicles and powerful enough to counter these threats , ' said brig . gen. kevin killea , vice chief of naval research and commanding general , the marine corps warfighting laboratory . the gbad system is being designed for use on light tactical vehicles such as the humvee and joint light tactical vehicle . the navy hopes the system will provide an affordable alternative to traditional firepower to keep enemy unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ) from tracking and targeting marines on the ground . ' we can expect that our adversaries will increasingly use uavs and our expeditionary forces must deal with that rising threat , ' said col. william zamagni , acting head of onr 's expeditionary maneuver warfare and combating terrorism department . some of the system 's components already have been used in tests to detect and track uavs of all sizes . later in the year , researchers will test the entire system against targets using a 10kw laser as a stepping stone to a 30kw laser . ' gbad gives the marine corps a capability to counter the uav threat efficiently , sustainably and organically with austere expeditionary forces . ' gbad employed in a counter uav role is just the beginning of its use and opens myriad other possibilities for future expeditionary forces . ' some of the system 's components already have been used in tests to detect and track uavs of all sizes . later in the year , researchers will test the entire system against targets using a 10kw laser as a stepping stone to a 30kw laser . the 30kw system is expected to be ready for field testing in 2016 , when the program will begin more complex trials to ensure a seamless process from detection and tracking to firing , all from mobile tactical vehicles . spotter vehicles and a control car will allow the system to operate anywhere .    