it 's a sight manchester united fans have been accustomed to for years but after a 16-month wait ' normality ' for those on the red half of the city has only just been restored . for the first time since november 23 , 2013 united sit above ' noisy neighbours ' manchester city in the premier league after having played the same number of games . following city 's 2-1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night they now trail louis van gaal 's side by a point ahead of sunday 's manchester derby at old trafford . manchester united sit above manchester city in the premier league table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches - following the latest round of results . city players look crestfallen during their 2-1 defeat at crystal palace on monday night . jason puncheon curls his free kick over the city wall and into the far corner to put palace 2-0 ahead . city star striker sergio aguero 's ( left ) recent toils in front of goal continued at selhurst park on monday night . wayne rooney ( centre ) scored a stunning half-volley as united beat aston villa 3-1 on saturday . city now trail united by a point , following monday 's defeat at palace , with seven league games remaining . the last time this had happened united sat sixth on 20 points , one ahead of then ninth-placed city after 11 games during the 2013-14 campaign . this had occurred following city 's 1-0 defeat at sunderland on november 10 , 2013 while a robin van persie header gave the red devils victory over arsenal by the same scoreline going into the international break . however , the intervening 499-day period had been one dominated by manuel pellegrini 's side as they won the league title and the capital one cup last season . in comparison , united slumped to seventh in the table - their lowest-ever finish in the premier league era - with former manager david moyes sacked as a consequence for their woeful results . united were last above city in the league after an equal amount of games on november 23 , 2013 . this occurred after city 's defeat at sunderland , robin van persie 's header gave united a 1-0 win vs arsenal . united 's fall from grace was in stark contrast to the 2012-13 term - when they won the title in sir alex ferguson 's last as old trafford boss . yet post-ferguson united had only managed to sit above city in the league twice after the same amount of games prior to monday . aside from november 23 , 2013 the on other occasion occurred on august 26 , 2013 . back then this was after the second game of last season as city 's 3-2 defeat at cardiff allowed united to move a point ahead of them following their 0-0 draw against chelsea . with the red devils looking down on their bitter rivals once more , they 'll look to extend their one point gap to four with victory in the derby on sunday . united have only sat above city twice - in the post sir alex ferguson era - having played the same games . the first time came in august 2013 when city lost 3-2 at cardiff thanks to frazier campbell 's ( left ) winner . united then moved a point clear of city the next day following a 0-0 draw at home to chelsea .