housing chiefs have been were accused of hypocrisy for opposing plans to revive margaret thatcher’s flagship right-to-buy policy . the pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of tuesday’s tory manifesto launch . but housing associations responded furiously – with one board member lambasting the proposal as the ‘ right to steal’ . there were even threats of a legal challenge , potentially under european human rights laws . jane ashcroft ( left ) the anchor housing association boss is reported to earn £332,000 a year while david bennett ( right ) of the sanctuary group is said to earn £314,000 a year . jane ashcroft 's modern detached home ( left ) in the midlands was bought for £750,000 in 2005 while david bennett 's detached farmhouse ( right ) in rural herefordshire was bought for £295,000 in 2003 . but the bosses of housing associations , which are not for profit , were themselves in the dock after details emerged of their lavish salaries . eighty pocket more than mr cameron’s salary of £142,500 . one – david cowans of places for people – takes home an astonishing £432,928 , including bonuses . five others are on £250,000-plus . bob neill , a tory party vice chairman , said : ‘it’s a bit rich coming from chief executives who are lining their pockets with six-figure salaries . ‘ everyone should have the opportunity to buy their own home . ‘ right to buy has already helped around two million families realise their dream of owning their own home – and by extending it , we’ll give even more hardworking people the chance to move on and up the housing ladder . ’ the housing associations said it was wrong that they should be forced to sell their homes at a discount . the national housing federation , the trade body for the organisations , pledged to fight the proposals ‘ every step of the way’ . and rev richard coles , a vicar and bbc broadcaster who sits on the board of wellingborough homes , a small housing association in northamptonshire , launched a furious attack on twitter . ‘ so a housing association , like the one on whose board i sit , goes to the market , raises finance , does deals with contractors and builds urgently needed units for people to live in at social rents and then the government forces us to sell them off at a 35 per cent discount . that’s right to buy ? sounds like right to steal to me . ’ simon dow ( left ) of the guinness partnership is said to earn £264,000 a year while darrell mercer ( right ) is reported to earn £247,000 a year . simon dow ' townhouse ( left ) in trendy north london has an estimated value of £750,000 while darrell mercer 's five bed-room semi-detached townhouse ( right ) in west london was bought for £732,500 in 2006 . the policy director of the national housing federation , ruth davison , a labour party member in islington , said it was wrong to hand money to ‘ some of the most securely-housed people in the country on some of the lowest rents’ . she told the bbc : ‘ we are independent organisations and charities – you can no more force a housing association to sell their assets at less than they’re worth than you can force tesco , or even cancer research . ‘ so housing associations would have to be fully recompensed for any sale . there will be a cost to the taxpayer . ’ council house tenants in england can already buy their home at a discount of up to £103,900 . the tories would extend this to 800,000 housing association tenants who now have limited purchase rights and to 500,000 who have no rights at all . around 2.7million people live in these properties . the subsidies would be funded by making councils sell their more costly properties once they become vacant . every house purchased would be replaced ‘ on a one-for-one basis’ . unveiling the policy in swindon , mr cameron said : ‘ part of having a good life is having a home of your own . it’s not about assets and appreciating values – it’s about someone standing there with their keys in their hand thinking “ this place is mine” . ‘ the next conservative government will extend the right to buy to all housing association tenants in this country . that’s 1.3million extra families – a whole new generation given the security of a home . the pledge to extend the dream of home ownership to 1.3million social tenants was the centrepiece of tuesday’s tory manifesto launch . ‘ so let the message ring out from this generation of conservatives : you’ve worked hard , you’ve saved , the home you live in , it’s yours to buy , yours to own . ‘ the dream of a property-owning democracy is alive – and we will fulfil it . ’ the plan was welcomed by paula higgins , chief executive of the homeowners alliance , who said : ‘ the overwhelming majority of british people of all backgrounds want to own their own home , rather than rent them . ’ tony stacey , of south yorkshire housing association , said last month that he would definitely launch a challenge . ‘ this is so fundamentally critical to us , ’ he said . ‘ it would shoot up to the top of our risk map if it was confirmed . we are duty bound morally to fight it in any way we possibly can . ’ industry sources believe the plans could fall foul of charity law , because housing associations are generally prohibited from selling off their assets at below market value . one lawyer said it might even breach article 1 , protocol 1 , of the european convention on human rights , which grants the ‘ right to the peaceful enjoyment of one’s possessions’ . ‘ i can’t see how this could get through the legal system . it’s completely reckless , ’ said richard murphy , of tax research llp . liberal democrat leader nick clegg said the right-to-buy pledge showed the tories had ‘ run out of ideas’ , adding that it was just ‘ a poor cover version of one of margaret thatcher’s 1980s hits’ . housing association chief executives whose salaries have been revealed by inside housing magazine include jane ashcroft of anchor who was on a package of £332,316 in 2013/14 . four others were : david bennett of sanctuary group , who was on £314,416 ; keith exford of affinity sutton ( £289,088 ) ; simon dow of the guinness partnership ( £264,000 ) ; and darrell mercer of the a2 dominion group ( £247,000 ) . a study by the gmb union found that two out of five council houses sold in wandsworth , south-west london , in the 1980s , are now owned by private landlords , who rent them to tenants . it said reviving the policy would benefit private landlords .  