there will have been eight madrid derbies by the end of this season , no city showdown has been played more in recent years . mailsport looks at the reasons why atletico madrid’s meeting with real madrid can also lay claim to be the greatest city derby in world football . opposites attract . the clash of styles is always fascinating . carlo ancelotti must accommodate cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema and that leaves him little choice but to play a 4-3-3 . cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and karim benzema must all be accommodated , leaving little choice but 4-3-3 . real madrid and atletico madrid are meeting for the fifth and sixth time in european competition that brings them level with inter and ac milan in number of city duels . chelsea and arsenal have met twice , as have barcelona and espanyol and rapid and steaua bucharest . it’s a system that leaves real madrid short in midfield especially when you consider none of the first choice midfield trio are defensive players . this plays perfectly into atletico’s hands . diego simeone will flood the midfield on tuesday night as he has done in recent meetings between the two sides and see if his 4-4-2 with arda turan , mario suarez , gabi and koke can’t over-run rodriguez , luka modric in midfield . atletico’s two banks of four are also very good at closing the space down for bale , ronaldo and benzema . no wonder ancelotti said on monday that playing simeone’s team is always a problem . midfielder koke will be deployed to try and smother the real madrid midfield during their last eight tie . the coaches . simeone never tires of his ‘ one game at a time mantra’ ancelotti was on monday talking about the challenge being not to beat atletico but to win the 11th european cup – the complete opposite of one game at a time . this meeting has added spice because it 's the chance for last season 's beaten finalists to avenge their victors . borusia monchengladbach had the same opportunity against liverpool in 1978 as did juventus against ajax in 1997 and inter milan against bayern munich in 2011 . simeone’s burns more calories on the touchline than some of his players while ancelotti’s activity tends to get no more anaerobic than opening another packet of chewing gum . the italian has won the lot in club football , simeone is on his way to equaling that feat – he has already won the league and cup in spain , and the european and spanish super cups along with the europa league . he almost got the european cup last year but ancelotti denied him . for as long as the pair stay in spain their futures will be linked . diego simeone raises his players one game at a time and the games against real madrid are no difference . real madrid boss carlo ancelotti and atletico boss simeone often have their careers compared . the real stars against the team with no stars . when real madrid were beaten 4-0 by atletico madrid in the league in february it wasn’t the atletico players who went out partying . real’s players are the footballing glitterati and ronaldo’s high-profile birthday bash was part of that . atletico’s players take great joy in beating their pin-up rivals . mario mandzukic , diego godin and raul garcia are happy to play it ugly if it gets results . diego godin and mario mandzukic are happy to play ugly to achieve winning results for their side . goals and golazos . koke’s thunderbolt shots , the inspiration of turan , a moment’s magic from antoine griezmann – atletico madrid are about more than just graft . and with ronaldo , bale , benzema , james rodriguez and isco all capable of moments of brilliance the derbies have thrown up their fair share of great goals . ronaldo and gareth bale 's moments of brilliance have thrown up their fair share of goals in the game . atletico madrid 's turkish midfielder arda turan has scored his fair share of wondergoals in his career . well-matched . they used to hold a sarcastic banner up behind the goal at the santiago bernabeu for the madrid derby . it was written like a classified ad and read : ‘ wanted – decent rival for city derby’ . those days are long gone . atletico madrid ended a 14-year run of not beating real when they won the copa del rey against them two years ago . sergio ramos celebrates a goal against his rivals in the champions league final in portugal . the game is a chance for simeone to get his own back on ancelotti for the defeat in what is to date their only meeting in european competition . although some would say with four wins and two draws in the six games in other competitions between the two since then , he has already done that . and they haven’t looked back since . at the start of the season they beat them in the spanish super cup and knocked them out of the copa del rey both times over two legs . the one blip in the recent run came when it mattered most in last year’s champions league final and they will hope to put that right on tuesday night . most city derbies have one side up and the other down – right now atletico as spanish champions and real as european champions are a match for each other in every sense . bale celebrates when it counts most as he scores in the champions league final in portugal in 2014 .