a family of four are lucky to be alive after a bedroom ceiling collapsed in their home . the damage was just part of the destruction caused by cowboy builders who had been called in to fix a leak in the beckle-raymond 's three bedroom property in north london . instead , they left phillip , his wife gaby and their two young children , orion and aurielle , in an unsafe building with no roof while they ran off with £17,000 of their money . scroll down for video . phillip and gaby outside their london home which was left a wreck thanks to cowboy builders . ' when the builders walked out , we only had tarpaulin protecting the house throughout winter , ' gaby explains on channel 5 show britain 's horror homes . ' when it rained , water started coming in , it was raining inside our house . the box room caved in , the bathroom became bowed , the ceiling will fall in the children 's room . ' the most terrifying experience was the ceiling falling in the bedroom where we used to sleep . it collapsed where our bed used to be . we were n't in room at time thankfully . ' for six months , the family were forced to live in one room of the house as they could n't afford to get the problems fixed straight away , having already shelled out to the cowboy builders who left them in the lurch . phillip , a civil servant , said : ' the house was crumbling around us , we had to turn off the lights as water was getting into electricity , it was that time of year when it was getting dark at 4pm , it was miserable . i hated leaving gaby and the children like that when i had to go to work . ' phillip and gaby had used all their savings to buy the property five years before for £325,000 . the builders left the family with no roof and just tarpaulin protecting the house from the winter elements . as a result , rain got into the property causing ceilings to collapse . the parents say they are devastated at being ' taken for a ride ' . it will cost £35,000 to repair their home . as they started a family , they worked hard to turn the house into a happy and comfortable place to raise their children . when they sprung a small leak in part of the roof , they called in a builder who recommended they re-tile the roof at a cost of about £3,000 . but after removing all the tiles , he then told them that the roof structure was unsound so he would n't be able to re-tile . he suggested they use the opportunity to expand their home and add value to the property by adding a loft conversion . the couple thought it was great idea and decided to use a sub contractor their builder recommended and pay a £7,000 deposit for the work . gaby said : ' the first builder appeared to be trustyworthy and was very professional , very likable . ' we did n't have time to check out the sub contractor he recommended as we were without a roof which we needed to be fixed . ' a back view of the property shows how the garden was left looking like a rubbish tip while the house had no roof . the family had to live in one room for six months as they could n't afford the repairs . so far the couple had paid the first builder £10,000 in total - and had a home with no roof to show for it . after the sub contractor began to work on their home , the first builder then disappeared . phillip said : ' we heard from sub contractor that the builder 's uncle was sick in ireland so he was going there - we never hard from him again . ' meanwhile , the sub contractor began work on their loft conversion after asking for £7,000 for materials and labour . but as the sub contractor got to work , the couple became suspicious about his competency . gaby said : ' he was trying to build a loft conversion without steel supports - which we had paid for . ' that 's when we realised he was trying to take us for a ride like the first guy . ' phillip added : ' when we told him it was n't acceptable , he walked off the job . we were left with a roof no longer salvageable . ' shocking : the collapse of the roof left their home filled with rubble . daylight : with the tiles gone , the family were left with bare rafters and no protection from the elements . the couple were unable to contact the first builder and have reported the sub contractor to trading standards . they have been left devastated by the state of their home - as well as £17,000 out of pocket . ' we have lost the home we have been building over the last few years , our whole house has been destroyed , it 's been a living nightmare . we wish they have never knocked on our door , ' gabby wept . ' i just want it fixed . i still ca n't believe someone would leave me my husband and our two children in so much danger . they did n't need to leave us in such an unsafe way . ' but the family 's trust in humanity has been partly restored thanks to the friends , family and strangers who rallied round to help them . a friend set up a fundraising page so people can donate money to help the couple reach the £35,000 they will need to repair their home . unsafe : the family are devastated that they have been left to live in an unsafe home . damage : a local builder darren louis has been helping the family to clear up the mess left behind . a local builder , darren louis , has been working on the property at weekends - so far without payment - so the family have a roof over their heads again . he said : i wanted to help as this is my trade and they are a lovely family . they did n't need to do the work in the first place , they were scaremongered into it and then left with a house that 's unsafe . ' gaby said : ' i feel terrible he 's coming here and we have n't paid him . he 's coming in trust that we will come through with money in the end . ' phillip said it 's thanks to their friends , family and neighbours they have got through their ordeal . he said : ' we were left thinking `` can we trust anyone anymore ? '' and now we know we can . ' 