scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago . much of it , they say , involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way . but in a new study , one linguist argues that human language developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own . scientists believe the first complex conversation between humans gradually took place around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago . much of it , they believe , still involved cavemen grunting , or hunter-gatherers mumbling and pointing , before learning to speak in a detailed way . ' the hierarchical complexity found in present-day language is likely to have been present in human language since its emergence , ' says shigeru miyagawa , professor of linguistics at massachusetts institute of technology . most scholars believe that humans first started using a 'proto-language ' , which was a primitive kind of communication with only a gradual development of words and syntax . but according to professor miyagawa , single words bear traces of syntax showing that they must be descended from an older , syntax-laden system , rather than from simple , primal utterances . ' since we can find syntax within words , there is no reason to consider them as ' linguistic fossils ' of a prior , presyntax stage , ' he adds . in a new study , one linguist argues that human language likely developed rapidly with people quickly using complex sentences that sound like our own . pictured is a reconstruction of of rhodesian men . remains from this species have been dated between 300,000 and 125,000 years ago . professor miyagawa has a different theory about what created human language . he says humans combined an ' expressive ' layer of language , as seen in birdsong , with a ' lexical ' layer , as seen in monkeys who utter isolated sounds , such as alarm calls . the ' integration hypothesis ' suggests that whatever first caused them , these layers of language blended rapidly . in his paper , professor miyagawa writes that a single word today can be ' internally complex , often as complex as an entire phrase , ' making it less likely that words we use today are descended from a presyntax mode of speech . ' nationalisation ' for example starts with ' nation , ' a noun ; adds '-al ' to create an adjective ; adds '-is ( a ) ' to form a verb ; and ends with '-tion , ' to form another noun , albeit with a new meaning . ' hierarchical structure is present not only in single words , but also in compounds , which , contrary to the claims of some , are not the structureless fossilised form of a prior stage , ' he says . the researchers arrived at their conclusions by conducting a series of experiments in teaching students the art of ' oldowan stone-knapping ' the very first rudimentary communcation between our ancestors took place much earlier , say one group of scientists . earlier this year , researchers argued that cavemen initially began communicating 2.5 to 1.8 million years ago - and they were talking about diy . the international study found stone tool-making drove the evolution of language among our human ancestors in the african savannah . it suggests communication among our earliest ancestors may have been more complex than previously thought , and that tool-making helped drive evolution . the researchers , who included scientists at the university of liverpool and st andrews , arrived at their conclusions by conducting a series of experiments in teaching students the art of ' oldowan stone-knapping ' . this is when butchering ' flakes ' are created by hammering a hard rock against certain volcanic or glassy rocks , like basalt or flint . oldowan stone-knapping dates back to the lower paleolithic period in eastern africa , and remained largely unchanged for 700,000 years until more sophisticated acheulean hand-axes and cleavers were developed . in testing five different ways to convey oldowan stone-knapping skills to more than 180 college students , the researchers found that the demonstration that used spoken communication – versus imitation , non-verbal presentations or gestures – yielded the highest volume and quality of flakes . the same analysis applies to words in romance languages that have been described elsewhere as remnants of formless proto-languages . in italian , ' porta asciuga-mani ' - literally ' carry dry-hands , ' but today colloquially meaning ' towel holder ' - is one such case , where a compound derived from old words has a clear internal structure . researchers think the integration hypothesis could generate a productive set of research questions . andrea moro , a professor of linguistics at the institute for advanced study in pavia , italy , who edited the paper , calls it a ' very interesting ' critique of the idea that human language developed gradually . however , professor moro suggests there is an ' intuitive difference ' between cases where words assemble to form either a compound word or a sentence . he believes it is possible that studies of the concept of 'symmetry-breaking , ' a potentially distinctive part of sentence formation , ' may offer new empirical data to test the hypothesis and shed light on the birth of human language . '