as any parent will know , children 's feet will often grow faster than it is possible to buy them new shoes to keep them shod . however , one charity has come up with an innovative new type of shoe that grows with a child 's feet . the shoe that grows uses adjustable buckles and a strap on the toe to expand by five sizes . scroll down for video . the shoe that grows ( pictured ) has adjustable points at the front , sides and the back of the sandal to help it expand . kenton lee , from nampa , idaho , came up with the idea while working in nairobi in kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small . kenton lee , from nampa , idaho , came up with the idea while working in nairobi in kenya after seeing children running around barefoot and in shoes several sizes too small . he said : ' it got me asking questions and finally all these questions led to an idea - what if there were a shoe that could adjust and expand ? self-tying shoelaces could become a reality after engineers designed a shoe that can automatically lace up , adjusting itself to the shape of your foot . pressure sensors in the shoe tell it when your foot is in position , triggering a tiny motor in the heel that pulls the laces tight . when you want to take off the shoes , click your heels together twice and the motor will release a spring in the shoe’s tongue , loosening the laces so the footwear can be slipped off . the ingenious invention even runs on power generated by the swing of your foot as you walk . ' what if we had a pair of shoes where they could just adjust their shoes any time their feet grow . ' that way they will always have a pair of shoes that always fit . ' i really feel that we have created something incredible . ' children 's feet grow incredibly quickly with those aged between two and six years old going up a size almost every few months . for those living in the wealthy developed countries , this can be a burden on their parent 's wallets . however , for those living in developing countries where buying new shoes every few months is not an option , the risk of running around barefoot can be severe . children can cut their feet and get infections while they can also pick up parasites like worms through their skin . the shoe that grows , which resembles a typical sandal , has a tough compressed rubber sole to protect the wearer 's feet , with a soft leather upper . the shoe can expand five sizes by adjusting the straps at the front and back and the poppers on the sides ( pictured ) . it currently comes in two different size ranges - small and large and a single pair costs $ 30 ( £20 ) but buying 100 pairs reduces the cost to $ 12 ( £8 ) . the shoe has a tough rubber sole and a leather upper that is designed to last five years , the maker say . poppers on the side allow the width to be adjusted as the child 's feet expand while a strap on the toe can be moved to make the shoe longer.a buckle on the back also can be ajusted to help make the shoes fit better . poppers on the size allow the width to be adjusted as the child 's feet expand while a strap on the toe can be moved to make the shoe longer . a buckle on the back also can be adjusted to help make the shoes fit better . mr lee said the shoes were designed to grow five sizes and last five years . they currently come in two different size ranges - small , which is designed for children from kindergarten age up to 4th grade - and large which is for children from 5th grade to 9th grade . a single pair costs $ 30 but buying 100 pairs reduces the cost to $ 12 . mr lee is working with an organisation called because international which aims to send the shoes to orphanages in africa . they are hoping that other charities and health workers will take shoes out with them when they visit areas to hand out to children . mr lee is working with an organisation called because international which aims to send the shoes to orphanages in africa . they are hoping that other charities and health workers will take shoes out with them when they visit areas to hand out to children . mr lee had been working with 140 aids orphans at the motherly care children 's home in nairobi , kenya , when he had the idea for the shoe . he said : ' i 'll never forget it . one day i was walking down a road with a group of kids from an orphanage where i was staying . ' next to me there was a girl in a white dress . as i looked down her shoes were so small and as i looked around there were so many other kids with shoes that were too small for them . '