a bathing box by the beach , a 100-year-old mechanic’s garage and an 1850’s goal are just some of the unique spaces selling for top dollar around australia . as the property boom continues to show no signs of slowing down , a kitsch blue and yellow bathing box on brighton’s dendy street beach in melbourne has sold for a staggering $ 276,000 . the sale is a record amount for the bathing boxes in brighton since they were first constructed in 1862 . it came after five bidders battled it out at auction for the 2.4m x 2.0m x 2.0m size box . the winning bidder paid $ 150,000 over the original asking price for the slice of postcard history , on saturday . this blue and yellow bathing box on brighton beach in melbourne has sold for a staggering $ 276,000 . the winning bidder paid a record price for a bathing box and $ 150,000 over the original asking price . the bathing boxes were first constructed in 1862 and are part of melbourne 's tourism history . meanwhile , in sydney another historic building was snapped up to be converted into a home after being used as a mechanic’s garage for three generations . the grey-fronted building , which was built as a fire station complete with horses and water-laden carts in 1917 , was sold in paddington , in sydney’s inner city for $ 1.2 million . keeping the heritage listed façade , the building is now expected to be turned into a three-bedroom , four-storey house . ‘ this site offers a five-star location , situated a heartbeat away from oxford street and five ways . it 's walking distance to the city and a bus-hop away from bondi beach , with good public schools and trendy eateries all a stone 's throw away , ’ goodyer real estate said in their advertisement . a mechanic’s garage in paddington sydney has sold for $ 1.2 million so it can be converted into a home . the grey-fronted building was first built as a fire station complete with horses and water-laden carts in 1917 . for those who like their homes closed off from the outside world , a spare $ 2 million can get you your very own ancient maximum security goal . a couple have put the old kilmore gaol in victoria up for sell after renovating the 1850s lock-up into a cosy home 18 years ago . the goal has 6m bluestone walls surrounding it and operated as maximum security prison until 1891 . although it’s meant to be haunted , owner glend deschamp told news corp she had ‘ never seen’ a ghost . a couple have put the old kilmore gaol in victoria up for sell for $ 2 million . the former maximum security goal is said to be haunted by the owners promise they 've never seen a ghost . kilmore , where the old prison is located , is 60 kilometres north of melbourne . the couple are selling up after living in the prison for 18 years . during the gold rush years , kilmore where the old prison is located 60 kilometres north of melbourne , was a major stop over for those coming from the ports and town of melbourne to the gold fields . in 1891 the prison was turned into a butter factory and now it’s a unique home packed with original features including wooden beams and solid jika jika prison doors . advertised on raine and home’s website , the property also has ‘ lovely mature and manicured gardens’ . ‘ vines climb the 20ft ( approx . ) high bluestone walls that are expertly carved and hand finished so that even the craftiest of prisoners could not escape , ’ the ad reads . the unique home is packed with original features including wooden beams and solid jika jika prison doors . the goal has 6m bluestone walls surrounding it and operated as maximum security prison until 1891 . the property also has ‘ lovely mature and manicured gardens’ outside its sturdy prison doors . earlier this month , a tiny house labelled a ‘ diamond in the rough’ in the sydney suburb of surry hills sold for a whopping $ 840,000 . the quaint one bedroom cottage covers a tiny 63 square metres however it managed to sell for a $ 90,000 over the reserve . and as if real estate was n't overpriced enough , parking spaces are also being offered for up to $ 330,000 . buyers can pay a hefty price for a non-private , marked slab of concrete , located in the heart of sydney 's cbd . the space is advertised as a bargain , boasting the ability to fit two cars and providing 24-hour access . a tiny yellow house labelled a ‘ diamond in the rough’ in the sydney suburb of surry hills sold for a whopping $ 840,000 . the quaint one bedroom cottage covers a tiny 63 square metres . ‘ very rarely do owners sell a car spot by itself in this building and very rarely are car spots by themselves ( i.e . not attached to an apartment ) available to be purchased on separate title ! ' the advertisement reads . ' do not miss out on this extremely rare opportunity . ' terence chua , the current owner of the parking spot , told news corp : ' it 's a handy spot and it gets good rent , but most of the people interested want to use it for themselves . ' ' people who live in the cbd know it 's almost impossible to find permanent parking . ' this parking space , located in sydney 's cbd , is advertised for the selling price of $ 330,000 . terence chua , the current owner of the parking spot , said : ' people who live in the cbd know it 's almost impossible to find permanent parking ' . 