it may not be as fast as a ferrari or as regal as a rolls royce but the most popular type of car in the world is 50 years old this year as the humble hatchback hits its half century . the car shape originally designed to help french farmers transport their sheep to market now accounts for a staggering two in every three cars sold in the uk . and it is just as popular across the world from munich to mexico city thanks to its practical design , economy and comfort . the model credited with being the world’s first ever hatchback was the renault 16 unveiled in april 1965 . the renault 4 : the forerunner to the renault 16 was first designed to allow french farmers to transport sheep . the model credited with being the world’s first ever hatchback was unveiled to the public with the launch of france’s renault 16 in april 1965 . now it accounts for a staggering two thirds of all new cars sold in britain and a majority of those sold in most other markets from europe to japan and , increasingly , the us too . in the uk , seven of the top ten sellers last year - including the top five - are classed as hatchbacks . this is defined as a car which has a boot that lifts up from the roof but the outline of the car is no bigger than if it were a standard saloon ( so estate cars and 4x4s are not classed as hatchbacks for instance . ) yet when the first one went on sale in 1965 , the name hatchback did not even exist . it only came into use in the 70s as an alternative to the american term ‘liftback’ for such cars . the renault 16 was the first mass produced hatchback in the world . it was described by then renault president pierre dreyfus as a ‘ voiture a vivre’ - a car for every aspect of life . britain’s answer to the pioneering renault was the very similar looking , but poorly built , austin maxi ( pictured ) . the very popular austin mini metro by austin rover was launched in 1980 and then relaunched in 1995 . like the earlier renault 4 , the boot was hinged to the roof but unlike the r4 , the chassis had not been extended to facilitate this . there had been clique luxury cars with a similar boot but the r16 was revolutionary for a mass produced car with a hatch at the back and seats which folded down . and it became the first time cars were called either ‘ three door’ or ‘ five door . ’ the ford focus the world 's best selling nameplate . not only is the ford focus the word 's best selling hatchback but also the best selling automobile nameplate in the world . ford began sales of the focus to europe in july 1998 and in north america during 1999 . in 2010 ford decided to reunite both international and north american models by releasing the international mk3 worldwide . the previous north american version was discontinued , and the new model was launched simultaneously in north america and europe in early 2011 . as of the first half of 2012 , the focus surpassed the toyota camri as the world 's best-seller . renault celebrated the car’s 50th anniversary with a retrospective exhibition in paris this week . it said : “ the goal was to design a high-end mid-sized car that would set itself completely apart from the opposition : a family car adapted to every aspect of modern life , boasting the functionality and versatility of an estate while delivering the comfort and elegance of a saloon car . ” the car was a critical and commercial success leading to generations of copycat rivals . better rivals came from japan - the nissan sunny ( pictured ) along with the honda civic and the toyota camry . britain’s answer to it was the very similar looking , but poorly built , austin maxi . it was so poor that even the factory workers at the time were reluctant to use their company discount to own one . better rivals came from japan - the nissan sunny , honda civic and the toyota camry which became one of the world’s best selling cars of the 70s . the germans followed with the opel kadett , which later became the vauxhall astra and the early vw passat , a forerunner to the massively successful vw golf . the vw golf gti and the ford escort xr3i from the golden age of the hatchback as a cult car . ford brought out its own bestseller , the fiesta and fiat launched the uno . european motorists snapped up hatchbacks by the million . america took longer to get the hatchback bug . cheap petrol and a love of gas guzzling motors and pick ups meant they were reluctant to change at first . gradually throughout the 1970s , most major manufacturers began to bring out hatchback versions of existing saloons , like the ford escort and vauxhall cavalier . the americans finally followed suit with hatchback versions of their most popular cars including the mustang and chevette . italian manufacturere fiat launched its hatchback the uno to challenge european rivals in 1983 . then in the 80s came the mini metro and perhaps the most popular hatchback of all time , the volkswagen golf , which is still made to this day . this was also the decade which saw the arrival of the ‘ hot hatch’ - souped up gti versions of popular hatchback models including the golf and peugeot 205 , which became synonymous with yuppies and so-called ‘ boy racers . ’ now , hatchbacks are both popular and highly rated . the what car ? car of the year for 2015 was a hatchback , the new skoda fabia . the nano : designed to be the world 's cheapest car . made and sold in india by tata the nano was designed to be the world 's cheapest car and released at a price of us $ 1,600 . tata motors began development of an affordable car that would appeal to the many indians who ride motorcycles . the purchase price of the car was brought down by dispensing with most nonessential features . hatchbacks are incredibly popular in popular in india . the nation 's maruti 800 has sold 2.66 million since 1983 . what car ? editor , jim holder , said : “ at what car ? , we see every day how the popularity of the hatchback both endures and increases . “ for a vast majority of buyers the added practicality offered by a hatchback is a necessity , and despite the rise in sales of supposedly more upmarket saloons we see no reason for that trend to change . ” of 2.26 million cars sold in the uk last year , 1.5 million were hatchbacks . of the top ten best sellers , the top five were hatchbacks - the fiesta and focus from ford , the corsa and astra by vauxhall and the vw golf . the vw polo is seventh in the table and the audi a3 is eighth . the what car ? car of the year for 2015 was a hatchback , the new skoda fabia ( pictured ) .