samsung famously poked fun at apple when it emerged its iphone 6 plus could bend out of shape in people 's pockets . but now the south korean firm is facing a ' bendgate ' controversy of its own after a video emerged claiming to show a similar flaw on the galaxy s6 edge . the company has now responded with its own video , demonstrating a three-point bend test on both its galaxy s6 models . scroll down for video . a video has emerged showing galaxy s6 edge bending and shattering under 110lbs ( 50kg ) of pressure . the video was released by third-party warranty firm squaretrade , and has since been criticised by samsung . ' we are confident that all our smartphones are not bendable under daily usage , ' the company said in a statement . the comments and video were posted in response to findings from third-party warranty firm squaretrade , which publicised that the galaxy s6 edge can bend and shatter under 110lbs ( 50kg ) of pressure . it also tested the htc one m9 both deformed and broke at 120lbs ( 54kg ) . ' bendability may be good in the yoga studio , but it is not what you want in a mobile device , ' said jessica hoffman , vice president of global communications for squaretrade . ' last fall 's bendgate caught many by surprise , but as manufacturers strive for larger screens on thinner devices , they can be more susceptible to bending or snapping . ' squaretrade labs ' tests reveal that while the iphone 6 plus bends , the galaxy s6 edge cracks under pressure . samsung claims the tests conducted by squaretrade was unfair as 110lbs ( 50kg ) of pressure ' rarely occurs under normal circumstances . ' ' the video assumes a very specific condition - 110lbf ( 50kgf ) , ' the company said . the teardown shows , from the front , the screen , logic board holder , battery , logic board with processor , camera , rear case and antenna . it is a fascinating view of exactly what goes into a modern smartphone - and how samsung does business . the chipworks site has posted this amazing image revealing the internals of the firm 's galaxy s6 , which goes on sale on april 10th . the internals reveal samsung used more of its own chips to power the new galaxy s6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor s5 , according to an early teardown report , in a blow to u.s. chip supplier qualcomm . samsung is not only using its own exynos mobile processor , as had been widely reported , but also decided to rely on its in-house semiconductor business to source other parts , including the modem and power management integrated circuit chips , ottawa-based consultancy chipworks said . samsung is counting on its new flagship galaxy s6 and s6 edge phones to help revive earnings momentum after a disappointing 2014 . strong sales of system chips such as its exynos processor could also help boost earnings , analysts and investors say . the galaxy s6 also comes with samsung 's shannon modem chip , u.s. phone carrierat & t said on its website . ' the normal force that generated when a person presses the back pocket is approximately 66lbf ( 30kgf ) . ' our internal test results indicate that the samsung galaxy s6 and s6 edge are not bendable even under 79lbf ( 32kgf ) , which is equivalent to putting pressure to snap a bundle of five pencils at once . ' samsung added that the test done by squaretrade ' does not show the strength of the back side . ' it has now asked squaretrade to do the test again on both the front and back sides of the device . apple had to go to similar lengths during its own ' bendgate ' crisis , by allowing reporters into its labs to showcase iphone 6 plus durability tests . samsung claims the tests conducted by squaretrade was unfair as 110lbs ( 50kg ) of pressure ' rarely occurs under normal circumstances . ' pictured is the smartphone after the test was conducted . samsung famously poked fun at apple last year when it emerged its iphone 6 plus could bend out of shape .