harry kane scored his 30th goal in all competitions for tottenham this season on sunday and the pfa player of the year nominee tops this week 's ea sports ' performance index after another intriguing round of premier league action . kane , who is also nominated for the pfa young player of the year award , netted spurs ' third in their 3-1 win at newcastle united at the weekend . the 21-year-old , who has now scored 20 premier league goals in his breakthrough season with tottenham , earned a game index score of 55.1 following his display at st. james ' park . harry kane tops tops this week 's ea sports ' performance index as the premier league 's best player . kane scored his 30th goal of the season for tottenham on sunday in their 3-1 win at newcastle united . kane 's tottenham team-mate christian erisken ( right ) sits third in the rankings after scoring vs newcastle . chelsea star eden hazard ( centre ) sandwiches the pair after scoring the winner against manchester united . with the england international top of the pile , he is followed by club team-mate christian eriksen - who also enjoyed a positive performance against the lowly magpies . eriksen , who was also on the scoresheet for mauricio pochettino 's side is second in the index rankings with a score of 42 . chelsea star eden hazard completes the top three with a game index score of 38.5 - after proving the blues ' matchwinner in their 1-0 win over top four rivals manchester united on saturday evening . despite being on the losing team vs stoke , southampton midfielder morgan schneiderlin ( right ) is on the list . the ea sports ppi is the official player rating index of the premier league . it measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team . the intention is to remove any opinion bias and only work with proven statistical measurements which become more accurate as the season progresses . so , what are the six indices ? 1 . winning performance . 2 . player 's performance per match . 3 . appearances . 4 . goals scored . 5 . assists . 6 . clean sheets . in a list that is heavily populated by tottenham players , white hart lane 's nacer chadli is fourth in the standings with a score of 35.3 after opening the scoring in their victory at newcastle . leicester 's andy king ( 34.4 ) , manchester city 's jesus navas ( 33.3 ) and southampton 's morgan schneiderlin ( 33.2 ) sit fifth , sixth and seventh respectively after all playing a role in their team 's goals at the weekend . sergio aguero , who scored city 's second in a 2-0 win over west ham courtesy of navas ' assist , is eighth with a score of 32.8 . leicester veteran esteban cambiasso ( 31.8 ) who won seven tackles during their 2-0 win over swansea and west brom midfielder james morrison ( 31.7 ) , who headed home their opener in a 2-0 triumph at crystal palace , complete the top 10 . leicester midfielder esteban cambiasso ( front ) makes the top 10 after winning seven tackles vs swansea .