priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all-new chapel of love in las vegas . the 69-year-old collaborated with nbc's today show to launch a contest for one elvis-obsessed couple to win the ' ultimate wedding ' . the winning duo - announced next monday - will tie the knot at elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel inside the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 . novel idea : priscilla presley will serve as a witness at the first wedding to be held at an all new chapel of love in las vegas . westgate , formerly the las vegas hilton , is where elvis performed more than 830 sold-out shows . along with the singer 's former wife in the audience , the winning couple will win a free wedding reception and hotel suite for two nights . to top it off , airfares and concert tickets to the elvis experience theater show will also be thrown in . while priscilla agreed to make an appearance , the woman who wed elvis in 1967 made one thing clear before unveiling the latest wedding chapel to bear his name : no impersonators . ' this is all first-class , ' she told the associated press recently . ' this is not a joke . the wedding chapel is not a joke . ' the actress and business magnate has been involved in the look and feel of the chapel that officials say is part of the first permanent graceland exhibit of the singer 's artifacts outside his iconic memphis , tennessee , home . couples wanting to be the first to wed at the elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel must submit a video or photos along with an explanation detailing why they deserve the prize . chapel of love : the winning duo - announced next monday - will get married in the brand new elvis presley 's graceland wedding chapel ( artist 's rendering above ) at the westgate hotel on thursday , april 23 . flashback : in this may 1 , 1967 , file photo , singer elvis presley , 32 , and his bride , 21 , the former priscilla beaulieu , appear at the aladdin hotel in las vegas , after their wedding .