a los angeles judge agreed with the governor 's decision to reject parole for a charles manson follower imprisoned 43 years for two brutal murders . bruce davis ' record shows there is ' some evidence ' he is dangerous and should n't be freed , superior court judge william c. ryan wrote in a decision filed wednesday . davis , 72 , was convicted in the 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ' shorty ' shea and sentenced to life in prison in 1972 . he was 30 years old at the time . then and now : bruce davis , charles manson 's former follower ( pictured left in 1970 and right in march 2014 ) , has been denied parole after spending 43 years in prison for a double homicide in 1969 . bloodthirsty : bruce davis held gary hinman , a friend , at gunpoint while charles manson ( pictured ) sliced his face open with a sword . davis , who once bragged of cutting shea 's head off , claimed he has turned his life around in prison , earning a doctoral degree in philosophy , becoming religious and ministering to other inmates . he also married a woman he met through the prison ministry , and has a grown daughter . the couple recently divorced . the parole board cited those accomplishments , along with his age and good behavior as reasons to grant him parole in march last year . gov . jerry brown rejected that decision in august , saying factors in his favor were outweighed by the brutality of the killings and davis ' lack of insight into the crimes , which he did n't admit until 2012 after claiming for years to be an innocent bystander . the manson family planned to rob hinman , a friend , but killed him after holding him two days because he said he did n't have money . davis held hinman at gunpoint while manson sliced his face open with a sword . about a month later , davis stabbed shea , who worked at spahn ranch where the family lived . his body was found buried on the property years later . homicidal maniac : charles manson , pictured left in 2011 , orchestrated the murders of eight people in 1969 , including actress sharon tate ( right ) . davis did not play a part in her slaying . ' both victims were abused , defiled and mutilated , ' ryan wrote . ' these actions demonstrate the utmost callous disregard for human suffering . ' the judge said he gave broad deference to brown 's discretion and that the governor 's decision in august did n't amount to cruel or unusual punishment . davis ' lawyer had not seen the decision , but said he would appeal to a higher court . ' i 'm stunned . i ca n't believe he would do that , ' attorney michael evan beckman said . ' the judge is wrong . ' the parole board has found davis suitable for release three times , but brown and former gov . arnold schwarzenegger reversed the decision each time . steve grogan , another participant in those murders , was released many years ago after he agreed to lead police to where the bodies were buried on a remote movie ranch in the san fernando valley . captured : steve grogan ( left ) and bruce davis ( right ) enter court to be tried for murder in 1970 . brainwashed : manson family murderers susan atkins , patricia krenwinkle and leslie van houton . davis was not involved in the notorious killings of actress sharon tate , the pregnant wife of director roman polanski , and six others and was considered a better candidate for release . manson and three followers , leslie van houten , patricia krenwinkel and charles ' tex ' watson , remain in prison for life in the tate killings . co-defendant susan atkins died of cancer behind bars in 2009 .