abc 's world news tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival nbc 's nightly news in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years . nbc 's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers about his coverage of the iraq war in 2003 . according to nielsen ratings , abc 's world news tonight with david muir attracted 84,000 more viewers for the week ending april 3 , with the show pulling in 7.997 million viewers compared to nightly 's 7.913 million . david muir 's world news tonight evening newscast has officially overtaken underfire rival nbc 's nightly news in the ratings war for the first time in more than five and a half years . as well as coming in the wake of williams ' suspension , the switch also follows a change in how the numbers are crunched which now prevents nbc from including repeat numbers of its newscast from overnight replays . in williams ' continued absence , well-liked veteran lester holt continues to fill in as substitute anchor at nbc . ' lester holt has led nbc nightly news to great success over the past two months , and we continue to be pleased with his strong performance during this time , ' an nbc news spokesperson said in a statement . ' we 're proud of the caliber of our work and remain committed to delivering the highest quality broadcast for our audience every night . ' nbc 's 288 consecutive week winning run had stetched back to september 2009 and the drop from the top spot comes two months after anchor brian williams received a six-month suspension for misleading viewers . a source at nbc told deadline that the news division had expected ratings volatility in the wake of williams ' suspension . the ratings race had become very tight even before williams ' high profile suspension . nbc remains ahead for the season with an average of 9.2 million total viewers compared to abc 's 9.1 million . muir , who took over from diane sawyer last september , has already been the number one choice among viewers aged 25-54 for the past 14 weeks . that is the demographic upon which most news programming is sold to advertisers . world news also won the week among that demographic , 1.95 million viewers compared to nbc 's 1.79 million . it 's also unclear what impact , if any , abc 's ratings win will have on holt 's future on the show . many inside nbc news continue to advocate for the well-liked veteran anchor , who has been a stabilizing force at a broadcast and a news division rocked by a series of missteps . in williams ' absence , well-liked veteran lester holt continues to fill in as substitute anchor at nbc and a spokesperson said the network was ' pleased with his strong performance ' . 