a man was arrested in quebec on monday after he was filmed allegedly threatening a mother , her husband , and their two children with a chainsaw in a fit of road rage . manuel delisle , the man accused of the road rage incident involving a chainsaw , has pleaded not guilty to armed assault on tuesday . karine cyr recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier and their two children . scroll down for video . terrifying moment : manuel delisle ( pictured ) allegedly threatened a family with a chainsaw in a fit of road rage after the family attempted to follow him to record his license plate because he cut them off . after the video was posted at 7pm on sunday night to facebook it has been shared over 30,000 times and has over 1 million views . delisle was arrested on monday following the release of the viral video . children can be heard screaming and crying in the background of the chilling footage . ' in the heat of the moment , i kept filming ... . as a mother , i got very angry . i said , `` before threatening my children , come and see me , '' ' cyr told cbc montreal . the man eventually went back to his car , says cyr , after noticing that he was being filmed and that cyr was calling police . ' i think the man noticed that , first of all , i caught it all on video , and he could see on my face that i was terrorized and he saw me call the police , ' said cyr . scared family : karine cyr ( center ) recorded the confrontation on sunday as she was vacationing with her husband alexandre hermenier ( left ) and their two children . cyr said that when the incident occured , her husband hermenier was driving the car and that her two children were in the back seat . cyr said that delisle was driving recklessly and cut them off so her husband hermenier followed the driver to record his license plate number . the two cars ended up in a dead end road and that 's when hermenier parked his car so that the other car could not leave . hermenier said that 's when delisle allegedly threatened them with a loud piece of machinery . ' it was a terrifying situation , ' hermenier said . cyr says that in the future if she sees a driver being reckless , she will not follow him , especially if she is with her children . ' everyone will react differently , but i would like to say that if you see dangerous driving , do not follow the driver — the mistake that we made with two children in the back seat . we regret it tremendously . if it happens to you , pull over and just call police . ' delisle is scheduled to return to court july 7 . he was released for the time being and ordered to stay away from the couple’s home and workplace and told not to communicate with them . conditional release : delisle released for the time being and ordered to stay away from the couple’s home and workplace and not communicate with them until he returns to court on july 7 . 