the queen has spent a second day enjoying the spring sunshine in windsor great park this week . her majesty , who is approaching her 89th birthday , was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma , as she was joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry in the beautiful park close to her windsor castle home on monday . she was well prepared for any spring showers in a lightweight waterproof , and , as is her wont , eschewed a helmet in favour of one of her silk scarves . scroll down for video . outing : the queen has spent a second day enjoying the spring sunshine in windsor great park this week . on thursday the monarch was seen trotting through the park again with pendry as the sunshine lit up the blooming flora . today 's second riding partner , lord vestry , is a close friend of the royal family and also the queen 's master of the horse , regularly photographed with the monarch at equestrian events and important ceremonial occasions . the multi-millionaire , 72 , is one of britain 's richest men thanks to the vestey family's estimated £750million fortune through the family meat business , vestey foods group . active : her majesty , who is approaching her 89th birthday , was spotted riding her faithful black fell pony , carltonlima emma . park life : the queen was joined by lord vestey and her head groom terry pendry . whilst lord vestry and pendry wore hard hats for the ride , the queen wore only a light , floral headscarf . she finished the look with some pale jodphurs and deep , brown riding boots . despite being encouraged to use a riding helmet in the past the queen has reportedly never worn one because of her hair . speaking in an interview last year , her racing trainer ian balding recalled the moment he asked why the monarch never wears a riding hat . the queen is said to have replied : ' i never have and you don’t have to have your hair done like i do . ' her majesty is famous for her love of horses and first found herself in the saddle at the age of four after being presented with a shetland pony , named peggy , aged four . since then , the royal stables have been home to a succession of steeds , among them betsy , a black farm-bred horse who was her mount of choice in the 50 's , and surprise , a grey gelding whom the queen famously galloped down the course at ascot in 1961 . no helmet : the queen , pictured here on friday , never wears a riding helmet preferring instead to ride in a silk headscarf . cutting back : she has ridden less in recent years as a result of a niggling knee injury . recent years have seen her cut down on the amount of time she spends in the saddle - the result of a niggling knee injury that also forced her to give up presiding over trooping the colour on horseback . nevertheless , the queen remains an enthusiastic equestrienne and , according to sources , is a familiar sight at her windsor stables . she is also said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies , some of whom are now ridden by her grandchildren , notably prince edward 's children , lady louise and james , viscount severn . along with her thoroughbred race horses , the queen also breeds fell ponies and has a stud specialising in highland ponies at balmoral . first love : the queen 's first pony was a tiny shetland named peggy who was given to her at the age of four . familiar sight : the queen riding her much-loved horse burmese during trooping the colour . seal of approval : a fell pony foal similar to those being bred by the queen at hampton court . one of the oldest equine breeds on the planet , fell ponies like the queen 's mount carltonlima emma , have roamed the moors of cumbria since the neolithic period . docile , hardy and thick-set , the majority of fell ponies are black , grey or bay and measure between 13 and 14hh . highly prized by the carvetii , the iron age tribe who occupied the region more than two millennia ago , the ponies later caught the eye of the invading romans and were used as trade goods all over the empire . the romans also helped develop the breed into the relatively large animal it is today . originally thought to have stood around 12hh tall ( similar to dartmoor and exmoor ponies ) , by the end of the roman period , the average fell was more than a hand higher . another invader to fall in love with the fell pony was the vikings , who used the animals as pack ponies ; a use continued by the normans . by the 13th century , the fell 's usefulness as a pack animal was well-established and the pony played an important role in british trade until the end of the 18th century . following the industrial revolution , fells were used to transport iron ore and coal from mine to town , as well as underground when the height of the shaft allowed . although previously used in trotting races , the fell pony really came into its as a riding horse in the 1950s , when its gentle nature and pretty looks made it the pony of choice for families . today , the pony remains a popular choice for riders of all ages , among them the queen who breeds fell ponies at her hampton court stud . source : the fell pony society . 