a pair of foxes viciously fight to the death in a battle to claim a lone vixen . the savage animals tumbled down a snowy iceland mountainside and crashed onto the rocky beach below during the vicious struggle . wildlife photographer einar gudmann caught the violent encounter on camera . he had been sleeping in his warm shelter when he was suddenly woken by howling . a pair of arctic foxes viciously fight to the death on the snow in a battle to claim a lone vixen . the amazing scene was captured on camera by wildlife photographer einar gudmann , who was woken up by howling . the two foxes fought each other in bitter sub-zero temperatures after one of them had been copulating with a vixen . after emerging into the bitter sub-zero temperatures , he spotted a female and male fox copulating . but the pair were n't alone - a third arctic fox lurked nearby . without warning the single fox emerged and began to growl and howl at the pair . wiggling free , the female ran for the hills while the two male foxes began to fight . mr gudmann said : ' the female 's partner managed to grab and get a firm bite over the eye and under the jaw of the single one . a fox interrupts two others mating on a pebbly beach and decides to win over the vixen by fighting the other male . squaring up : the two male foxes growl and bare their teeth at each other as the female turns her back on the tense situation . fur flies : the two male foxes engage in a vicious fight , the female having fled the scene . one arctic fox bares its teeth at its aggressor on a snowy hill near the beach where the fight began . one of the foxes makes a break for it on the snowy hillside , its fight having been captured on camera by wildlife photographer einar gudmann . the losing fox was not predicted to survive the night , having got no mercy from his opponent . the victorious fox makes its way back up the hill after the brief , but aggressive , fight . ' he used this to push the single one into the sea between the rocks . splashes went bursting into all direction and moments later the single one was completely submerged and wet . ' heavy and wet it was obvious at this moment that he had lost the fight . now it was no longer a matter of fighting to kill , it was a matter of survival . ' he tried to run but got no mercy from his opponent . ' he finally managed to get into a dry area on the beach where they kept fighting . heavily wounded and soaking wet he managed to run up the snowy hill but had trouble getting over the snow-bank at the top . ' the snow is whipped into the air by strong winds as one of the foxes desperately seeks shelter . one of the male foxes looks directly at mr gudmann 's camera as it trots through the snow . meanwhile , the victorious fox shook off the shock of the brief yet aggressive fight and began a search of its female partner which had fled to the snowy mountainside . mr gudmann added : ' in the distance a wounded and vanquished arctic fox struggled the last steps up the snow-bank above the beach and started to hobble up the mountain . ' he had been beaten . the cold night would probably be his last one . ' 