the remains of high school teacher and bride-to-be stephanie scott have been formally identified . the 26-year-old 's burned body was found around five metres from a road in cocoparra national park , north of griffith , nsw , on friday afternoon by police in an area where her accused killer went on regular camping trips . nsw health says a post-mortem has been completed at glebe morgue in sydney and a report is in the hands of the coroner . ' additional testing is being undertaken prior to the release of ms scott’s body to her family , ' a spokeswoman said . the department of forensic medicine has made contact with ms scott 's family to provide specialist grief counselling . scroll down for video . the body of stephanie scott , pictured with her mother on a wine tour for her hen party last month in canberra , has been formally identified after an autopsy was carried out this week . the adored teacher from leeton went missing on easter sunday while preparing to go marry her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley ( left ) . on monday , ms scott 's devastated father opened up about the grief her family is feeling as they struggle to come to terms with their daughter 's brutal murder , which took place just days before her wedding . the adored english and drama teacher disappeared from leeton , a town in the riverina region of nsw , approximately 550 km west of sydney , on easter sunday while making final preparations for her honeymoon to tahiti . ms scott 's grieving father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to . she was also a person who gave so much joy to others . ' stephanie 's aim was to get everyone feeling like it was their wedding as much as hers , ' mr scott told the daily telegraph , describing ms scott 's bubbly and thoughtful personality . there are reminders of the wedding all over the house , yet instead of a wedding the scott family must tragically prepare for stephanie 's funeral . ' you walk around the house and there 's so many little things she planned for the wedding , ' said mr scott . ms scott 's grieving father robert explained that it is especially painful that stephanie 's life has been taken away when she had so much to look forward to . ' you walk around the house and there 's so many little things she planned for the wedding , ' said mr scott ( left , pictured with stephanie 's mother and one of her sisters ) . a guest list of 120 people had been invited to stephanie and her fiance aaron leeson-woolley 's wedding at the picturesque eat your greens venue . the venue in eugowra , pictured the day their wedding was scheduled to take place . it was decorated by loved ones with yellow balloons and flowers to pay tribute to murder victim stephanie scott . ' that 's the most devastating thing — they 're not going to be used . ' ms scott was incredibly excited for her wedding day to her childhood sweetheart , aaron leeson-woolley and had put a great deal of time and thought into making the big day perfect . the ceremony was due to go ahead on saturday april 11 - however cruelly the day before her remains were discovered by police . ms scott and mr leeson-woolley had been taking dancing lessons together to prepare for their first dance as an excited married couple , according to robert . but the moment when mr leeson-woolley should have been holding his new bride during their planned first dance to a keith urban song , he was inconsolable at his fiancée 's memorial . police were lead to the place where stephanie scott 's remains were found , by the family of her accused killer . the happy couple , aaron leeson-woolley and stephanie scott ( both pictured right ) , had sent out invites for their wedding day which was supposed to be held on saturday . the high school where she worked turned into a memorial site after it emerged ms scott had been murdered . ms scott 's father says he has been contemplating the afterlife since ms scott 's shocking death , but is confident that his beautiful , sweet daughter is in ' the best possible place ' after living a life full of love and happiness . ' when you die i do n't know what happens really , but you leave this body and our spirit is what goes on , ' mr scott told the daily telegraph . ' she had plenty of spirit so , whatever happens , she should be in the best place possible because she had one of the best spirits you 've ever come across . ' ms scott 's father ( second from left ) says he has contemplated the afterlife since ms scott 's shocking death , but is confident that his sweet daughter is in ' the best possible place ' after living a life full of love and happiness . ' when you die i do n't know what happens really , but you leave this body and our spirit is what goes on , ' mr scott ( far left ) said . mr scott paid tribute to his daughter , remembering her joyful childhood from her birth in sydney , early childhood in sydney 's st clair and time on the land from the age of nine , living in canowindra . she loved her family , drama , soccer and school - eager for every opportunity to learn . it comes after local leeton parents expressed anger over the loss of their children 's ' favourite teacher ' as the town continues to mourn the death of stephanie scott . stephanie scott was a ' favourite teacher ' to many students at leeton high school . a week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have have taken to a community facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their children . ' well said , my daughter has lost her favourite teacher , and she will never be the same , ' wrote glenda goolagong . meanwhile jodie salerno posted : ' stephanie was my son and 2 daughters favourite teacher at leeton high this ... has put so much pain and sadness on our comunity [ sic ] . ' ms salerno told the australian her three children ' do n't want to return ' to school because they are so upset over ms scott 's death . detectives who are leading the investigation into the death of stephanie scott will reportedly make inquiries with authorities in the netherlands in an attempt to run a background check on the accused killer . school cleaner vincent stanford , who moved to leeton from holland over a year ago with his mother and brother , was charged with ms scott 's murder on thursday . nsw police will get in contact with their counterparts in the netherlands to determine if the accused 24-year-old murderer had any relevant history there , aap reports . stanford has reportedly been uncooperative with investigators . daily mail australia has contacted nsw police for comment . a week before students are due to return to class after school holidays , mothers have have taken to a community facebook page to talk about how the 26-year-old 's murder has affected their children . her body was discovered on friday evening around 5pm in cocoparra national park north of griffith , nsw . a policeman stands at a blocked off road in cocoparra national park near to the area where ms scott 's body was found . one of the last actions of ms scott was to send an email to the bus company hired for her wedding , confirming transportation for guests . when police discovered the charred remains of ms scott 's body around 5pm on friday , after they were directed to cocoparra national park by stanford 's family , they allegedly found a gasoline can nearby . it is understood stanford was familiar to the area and went on regular camping trips to the national park on many occasions with his family . on saturday - the day which english and drama teacher ms scott was set to marry her fiance aaron leeson-woolley - a memorial was held to honour the late bride-to-be . on saturday , the day ms scott was due to marry fiance aaron leeson-woolley , a memorial was held . aaron leeson-woolley was comforted by friends and family at the heartbreaking service at the weekend . in a poignant move , the memorial service took place at the same time as when her wedding ceremony was due to take place . her father robert scott spoke to the gathered mourners on behalf of his family and friends who were united in their grief on saturday at mountford park in leeton . the 26-year-old was last seen on easter sunday , when her disappearance sparked a widespread search for the much-loved teacher . ' stephanie was a bright , intelligent and fun-loving woman who has impacted on many people here today , ' mr scott said at his daughter 's memorial on saturday . ' our wishes for the future are that this stays in your minds and you remember her . ' i 'm sure she 'd wish for that to be the case and you could remember her for the great little girl she was . ' ms scott 's grief-stricken fiance aaron leeson-woolley was too upset to take the stage , but was supported by loved ones to release yellow balloons into the air to commemorate her life . a vigil has been created at the school where the popular 26-year-old teacher taught drama and english . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .