at first glance the rectangular island of por-bajin looks like a foreboding fortress or prison , with its regular structure and ruined sections . but it is unknown for certain what the rectangular island and its labyrinthine ruins , located in a lake in deepest siberia , was actually used for when it was built 1,300 years ago . historians and scientists are divided , but some experts believe the isolated area may have been built to attract people instead imprisoning them , and suggest it was a summer palace , monastery , or an astronomical observatory . the mysterious island , por-bajin , was found in the centre of a remote lake high in the mountains of southern siberia . a reconstruction sought to show what the island could have looked like before it was ruined . the fortress is located about 3,800km from moscow near the mongolian border . the plot thickens as the way it was built , along with the construction materials use , hint at chinese architectural tradition . the name por-bajin translates as ' clay house ' in the tuvan language , and the island sits between the sayan and altai ranges , about 3,800km from moscow near the mongolian border . the location was first discovered in 1891 , and the purpose of island has still not been explained over a century later . more in-depth research took place in 2007 with archaeologists discovering clay tablets of human feet , faded coloured drawings on the plaster of the walls , giant gates and fragments of burnt wood . experts say the island was built during the period of the uighur khaganate ( 744-840 ad ) but it is not clear what their motive would be for constructing a fortress for in such a solitary place – as it is far from big settlements and trade routes . archaeologists conducted limited and inconclusive excavations at the site in the 1950s and 1960s . the ruined structures have led experts to believe the island was used as a fortress or prison . the island has baffled experts for over a hundred years who say it could have been anything from a prison , to a palace or monastry . the plot thickens as the way it was built , along with the construction materials use , hint at chinese architectural tradition . scientists were able to use laser mapping to create a 3d image of what the 3.5 hectare plot could have been used for . although it is said to be around 1,300 years old , many walls were intact and well preserved with a main structure in the inner courtyard being separated into two parts , covered by a tiled roof walkway supported by 36 wooden columns on stone bases . isolated ruins ! the fortress is connected to other land via a small walkway . irina arzhantseva of the russian academy of sciences is now digging here for the por-bajin cultural foundation to find out just when the complex was built and why . even more confusing than the debate of why it was created is the question of why it was abandoned . researches have noted the lack of heating systems on the island , despite it enduring harsh siberian weather and being located 7,545 feet above sea level . russian president vladimir putin visited the island with prince albert of monaco in 2007 and echoed the confusion . ' i have been to many places , i have seen many things , but i have never seen anything of the kind , ' he said . por-bajin ( ' clay house ' in the tuvan language ) was long thought to be a fortress built by the uighurs . the few artifacts unearthed at the site seem to date it to the mid-eighth century . a chinese roof tile hints at chinese influences , ( right ) . russian president vladimir putin visited the island with prince albert of monaco in 2007 and said : ' i have been to many places , i have seen many things , but i have never seen anything of the kind ' .