what alastair cook did here , particularly in the first hour of his innings , was spot-on . that has to be his template from now on and if he carries on the way he has played here in grenada , those hundreds will come again . this was really encouraging for the england captain but ultimately hugely frustrating because he couldn’t push on to that all-important hundred . cook’s problem has been opponents stopping him scoring in areas where he has always been prolific . he has struggled when he has looked to make runs with shots that he rarely employed before . alastair cook 's innings into day three in grenada was spot on , particularly the first hour of it . cook worked his way to an encouraging 50 but frustratingly was out playing shannon gabriel on for 76 . yet it is nonsense to say a batsman who has hit 25 test hundreds can not drive the ball . of course he can . the key for him is not to play the drive too early , when the ball is moving around and his balance at the crease is not quite right . perhaps it has been playing too much one-day cricket , perhaps it has just been the pressure to score big runs again , but cook has been searching for the ball far too early . here he left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him , which took a lot of mental strength and composure . the drag-on was always going to be a danger on this pitch but cook was right to try to play that shot because the cut is one of his big strengths . his eyes lit up when he was bowled a short , wide one by shannon gabriel . but the ball just lacked pace , cook was through the shot too early , the angle from round the wicket tucked him up and the inside edge came into play . he can not admonish himself for playing at the delivery . boy , do i admire cook’s fortitude and the concentration he showed on that sluggish pitch with an incredibly slow outfield . the england captain hits behind square on the onside as jermaine blackwood ducks for cover . cook left the ball outside off stump and made the bowlers come to him , but drove when the option arose . he is stronger mentally than anyone he will face , so he just has to carry on showing the same discipline . the bowlers will become bored before he does . the fact is , 76 here was pretty much worth a hundred in these day-three conditions , but sadly for cook that is not how the record books will show it . the england captain was aided by the fact the ball did not swing much for west indies , because it is the moving delivery that has caused him so many problems . it is to cook’s credit that he has not looked under pressure in this second test and his recent statistics — four scores of 70-plus in his last seven test innings — are absolutely fine for a normal human being . the problem for him is that until the age of 28 he wasn’t normal ; he was an absolute run machine . cook 's off stump is rattled after a wide delivery from gabriel found the inside edge . the skipper shows his frustration as his impressive innings to this point is cut short . gabriel celebrates after cook 's eyes lit but the ball just lacked pace and he was through the shot too early . west indies celebrate the breakthrough but cook can not admonish himself for playing at the delivery . cook just has to put that one key statistic to bed and finally reach three figures , then move on with such a big summer ahead . his inability to do so means we are still talking about how long it’s been since his last test century but there were good signs here . meanwhile , jonathan trott still looked a little frenetic at the start of his innings , certainly for those first 10 to 15 runs when he was searching for the ball and driving when he did not need to . jonathan trott drives during his first innings of 59 , which started day three somewhat frenetically . cook congratulates a smiling trott after his fellow opener reached his 50 milestone in the morning session . yet as his innings progressed , he looked calmer and it was significant when he started walking off towards square leg between deliveries . he was in his little bubble again and it showed me that he was back . trott has obviously been through a heck of a lot , has looked anxious and wants to prove the point that he belongs back with england and that he can open the batting in tests . the more he played , the more he looked like jonathan trott . trott looked calmer as his innings went on but devendra bishoo found his edge before he could go on with it . trott leaves the field at st george 's - on st george 's day - after an opening partnership of 125 runs .