facinet keita was representing guinea in the 2012 olympics when he was knocked out in the qualifying stages . an olympic judo star from africa is still fighting to stay in britain – three years after flying here for the london games then refusing to leave . facinet keita , 31 , fled the olympic village in summer 2012 , claiming his failure to win a medal meant he ‘ would be murdered’ if he returned to his native guinea . his wife who was left to look after the couple’s two children has now split from him because she ‘couldn’t wait for him’ . mr keita – the official flag-bearer for the west african nation during the opening ceremony – said he decided to go on the run after losing to an opponent from the pacific island of guam within five minutes . he said : ‘ my coaches told me i had lost the fight like a baby . they said i embarrassed my country and i would be in big trouble when we are at home . ’ after three months sleeping rough , mr keita handed himself in to authorities and was locked up in an immigration detention centre . while there he made two requests for asylum , both of which were rejected . after the second failed request , he was told he had to leave britain on december 17 , 2013 . he agreed to board a plane to ghana , but upon arrival there he said that he was turned back because he did not have the correct travel documents . he returned to britain and was once again detained . however , he was released in march 2014 and has since been coaching judo in stoke-on-trent . he now plans to make a third application for asylum . mr keita said he has built a new life in britain and has met friends who have become like family . ‘ the people here are really welcoming , if you show them you are a good person , ’ he added . mr keita was one of 20 olympians who remained in britain after the games . he is refusing to leave the uk after he lost by ippon in the qualifying stages of the men 's +100kg against 34-stone ricardo blas junior , from guam ( right ) . keita claims his coaches told him he lost the fight ' like a baby ' and there would be trouble when he returned . he is now being supported by an asylum seeker charity in stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , while he applies for his third asylum application , after his first two bids and an appeal were refused . he is volunteering at a sneyd green primary school judo club in stoke ( pictured ) because he can not earn a living pending his asylum application . before travelling to the uk for the olympics , he had won five national titles in guinea and regularly appeared on tv . mr keita denies he has stayed in britain to claim benefits . he said : ‘ my situation is difficult , 100 per cent difficult . i want to be near my family and i want to see them but i can’t . ’ his request to stay in britain has been backed by the african social health agency , which supports asylum seekers . it described mr keita as an asset to the local community . a home office spokesman said : ‘ we do not routinely comment on individual cases . ' the uk has a proud history of granting asylum to those who need our protection and we consider every claim on its individual merits . ' when someone is found not to need our protection , we expect them to leave the country . '