a shocking surveillance video showing a mob of teenagers beating two high school students on a subway platform has been released . the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims just seconds before the train pulls into the station . they then pull them to the ground , punch them and repeatedly stamp on their heads . brawl : the footage captured at spring garden station in philadelphia on tuesday shows the group of youngsters viciously attacking the victims . targeted : they then pull them to the ground and punch them . other parts of the brawl are hidden from the cameras behind pillars in the subway station . the brawl , involving students from benjamin franklin high school , even spilled onto the tracks , with one person falling onto the line during the confrontation . as a train pulls up , both the victims and some of the suspects appear to get on the same carriage . witnesses tried to intervene , but could n't break up the group as the assailants kept on hitting the helpless youngsters . about a dozen students appear to be egging the fight on which officials have said may have started because of a dispute over a girl . the victims were allegedly followed into the station from the street . as they got onto the platform , someone pointed them out with a signal . southeastern pennsylvania transportation authority police chief thomas j. nestel iii told philly.com : 'it’s an outrageous event . this is so dangerous , it’s not even funny . we have operating trains down there . there are passengers waiting for the train ... it’s horrendous . ' we 've identified some potential aggressors . there is a criminal investigation with the school district , '' nestel said . `` the message that we 're trying to get out is if you act up on septa , we 're going to have a picture of your face and we 're sharing it with the school district . school district spokesman fernando gallard also told the news website those involved could be expelled or face serious disciplinary action . ' what we have seen is a brutal violent attack that could that could have ended with a loss of life . ' septa detectives are said to have spoken to the two boys who were victims in the attack . dangerous : at one point the fight spills onto the tracks when one of the suspected attackers falls onto the line . brutal : one youngster is seen stamping on the head of one of the victims behind a subway map . bystanders : the fight continues as the train pulls into the station . some witnesses do their best to intervene but fail to break the mob up . gone : police officers and station staff try to search for the assailants who have all boarded the train .     