atletico madrid boss diego simeone believes english football needs to ‘ wake up’ after this season’s poor showing in europe . chelsea , arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the champions league last 16 stage , and everton were dumped out of the europa league in the same round . simeone , who takes atletico to rivals real madrid for a champions league quarter-final second leg on wednesday night , thinks this season’s failure should spark a response from the premier league’s top clubs . atletico madrid boss diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of english clubs in europe . chelsea 's players look dejected during their costly draw at home to paris saint-germain last month . barcelona 's luis suarez beats joe hart during his side 's 2-1 win against manchester city at the etihad . arsenal 's mesut ozil sits on the turf after his side 's last 16 champions league exit at the hands of monaco . click here to read simeone 's column in full . writing in his exclusive column for goal.com , he said : ‘i’m surprised there are no english clubs left in the champions league . ‘ english football has enormous potential with its footballers and financial clout . the fact that there is no english team left in the last eight of the champions league or in the europa league is a wake-up call for the premier league to look at why it is that , despite their great economic power and with all the many great footballers playing in england , chelsea are so far ahead of everyone else and why they have no teams left in europe . ’ simeone believes that spain is still home to the two best teams in europe - wednesday night’s opponents real madrid , who have home advantage after a 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon last week , and barcelona . ‘ for us at atletico , we are competing against two teams with the obligation of winning the champions league , ’ he said . ‘ at the very least , madrid and barcelona are among the last eight in europe every season and usually the last four , so for atletico to win la liga last season was a tremendous achievement . ’ diego godin ( left ) and raul garcia ( centre ) smile as fernando torres makes a point during training on tuesday . atletico madrid defender guilherme siqueira ( left ) heads the ball as antoine griezmann watches on . atletico forward mario mandzukic appeared in cheerful mood during training in majadahonda on tuesday . atletico 's turkey international arda turan keeps his eye on the ball ahead of the quarter-final clash . beating barca to the title last season was harder than winning the champions league , according to simeone . simeone believes his side will face one of europe 's top two teams when they take on real madrid . carlo ancelotti , meanwhile , resisted the opportunity to get his excuses in early ahead of the game at the santiago bernabeu . despite facing atletico without four members of his first team , he said : ‘ i have the best squad in the world and it is more important to me who is playing than who is not’ . gareth bale is real’s biggest absentee . he was vital for them in last season’s run-in , scoring in their quarter-final win over borussia dortmund and in the final against atletico madrid . sportsmail understands he remains committed to staying at the club beyond this summer , despite interest from manchester united , and he was desperate to play on wednesday night . instead he is in a race to be fit for the semi-finals at the start of next month , should real qualify . carlo ancelotti watches his players during the training session ahead of the crucial champions league tie . cristiano ronaldo ( left ) and lucas silva ( right ) are put through their paces in training ahead of their next game . daniel carvajal , marcelo vieira and sami khedira ( left to right ) train ahead of the game with atletico madrid . atletico madrid and real madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final . gareth bale will miss wednesday 's second leg after picking up an injury against malaga on saturday . bale misses the second leg because of a strain to his left calf , while karim benzema and luka modric have knee injuries . the latter has been ruled out for up to six weeks after sustaining ligament damage in saturday’s win against malaga . left back marcelo , meanwhile , is suspended as ancelotti aims to end a seven-game winless streak against simeone . he is expected to play pepe in midfield alongside toni kroos and isco , leaving cristiano ronaldo in attack with james rodriguez and javier hernandez or jese . if hernandez gets the nod , it will be his first big-game start since joining from manchester united on loan in september . should javier hernandez play , it will be the mexican 's first big-game start since joining real madrid . 