this time last year the world was shocked by the abduction of 276 nigerian schoolgirls who were kidnapped from their school by boko haram militants . a-listers from michelle obama to angelina jolie lent their support to the # bringbackourgirlscampaign in the hope the children could be saved . but unicef have revealed that a year later , more than 200 of these girls remain in captivity while scores of other children have gone missing since . scroll down for video . rose zeeharrah , right , with her children at a camp for internally displaced persons , in yola , adamawa , where the family fled after a boko haram rebel group attacked their village and killed her husband . evelyn was lucky to escape with her and her daughter rose when saw a boko haram rebel group entered their village killing people and kidnapping girls . 20-month-old stephanie samson cries while being weighed in the kwanaya refugee camp . she weighs six kilos but should weigh nine . she and her mother survived in the mountains on pumpkin seeds and stream water for six weeks after they fled their home when boko haram attacked . children as young as four are being used within the ranks of boko haram – as cooks , porters and look-outs . those are the lucky ones , others are trained to fight , forced to be suicide bombers or sold as sex slaves . according to accounts by escapees , young women and girls who have been abducted have been subjected to forced marriage , forcible religious conversion from christianity to islam , physical and psychological abuse and forced labour and rape . thanks to the violent conflict in the region , 1.2m people have been forced to flee their home , displaced inside nigeria or crossing into neighbouring cameroon , chad and niger . many have had to run away in fear as their homes and villages were attacked by boko haram militants , causing a large number of children to be separated from their parents amidst the violent chaos . one of them is 15-year-old ahmid who is the subject of one of unicef 's latest campaign films . it 's been a year since the high profile # bringbackourgirls campaign , supported by michelle obama , but the suffering continues for many . girls who have been exposed to abuse and violence and forced from their homes are getting access to an education thanks to unicef supported projects in bauchi state , pictured . he fled his home in nigeria during a horrific boko haram attack and travelled for week without his family across lake chad . he said : ' i ran away by myself as they were cutting people 's throats as if they were rams . ' we had to eat grass from the lake . i worried most about hunger there was nothing to eat and nowhere to sleep . i worry about my parents . ' ahmind has been supported at a unicef centre where children are encouraged to express their grief through art and given access to education . he said : ' it was a policeman who urged me to go to school . at first i could n't be bothered because i was thinking about my parents . ' i have nobody here but he told me to go to school . he said one day i will see my parents again if they are still alive . so now i go to school everyday . ' mohammed tijani , a social worker , left , speaks with shatumi samon , 17 , in the gire 2 camp for internally displaced people , near yola , the capital of adamawa . ten-year-old sani was also witness to horrific scenes when he was forced to flee his home . in another video , he recalls : ' we were at the koranic school when we first heard the gunfire . the teacher told us that boko haram was here and he told us to run to the river . so we run away . ' our teacher started to cross the river and then he stopped to make sure that we could also cross . but we could not cross , it was too deep . ' then a man came on a motorcycle . he said he was n't from boko haram and he was looking for help . he asked us to come with him to look for food . when we got out of the water , he took out his gun and pointed at us saying he was boko haram . then he took us . ' sani was freed thanks to his father paying for him to be released and his family are now at a unicef run refugee camp in outside diffa city in the southeast of niger . he remains psychologically scarred by his experienced , which he has been encouraged to express through art . pupils in a school at a refugee camp for people displaced by the boko haram conflict , many of the children at such camps have been separated from their parents . unicef and coopi are working hand in hands with the government of niger to find a way to reach all children in need of help and give them support and education . ' i did this drawing to show what boko haram did to us , ' he said describing one of his pictures . ' they came , shot people and cut the throat of others . here it 's a member of boko haram burning a vehicle . here it’s someone who had his throat cut . there burnt cars and here a burnt phone antenna . ' like sani , many children saw terrible things during the attacks . while it is often hard to talk about the days they left their home to run for their life , drawing is an easier way to address what took place . children participate in group activities to help them express themselves . they can also channel their trauma through song , and games . these recreational events also give them a sense of normalcy during this tenuous time . yagana , 10 , pictured drawing about her experience when boko haram attacked her village . children at unicef supported refugee camps are urged to express themselves through art to help them deal with the trauma they have been through . this drawing by zanna , a 13-year-old child refugee , reveals the shocking violence she has witnessed . another drawing by fatima , 15 , shows how she 's seen people shot and killed . child refugee maryam 's picture shows people being shot and families like hers fleeing the violence . this much needed child protection programme was established and implemented in eight locations in diffa region : bosso , tam , krikri , chéri , kilakam , nguelkolo , kabelewa , and adjiri . unicef and coopi are working hand in hands with the government of niger to find a way to reach all children in need of help . many have seen parents , siblings , relatives or neighbours killed , tortured or abducted . many have had to run for their lives and walk for days to reach safety . others have been exposed to extreme violence and abuse . ' some children are very shy , ' said marzia vigliaroni from coopi , a unicef partner in charge of managing a child-friendly space in diffa . ' they won’t speak or participate in our activities ; they need psycho-social support . unicef wants to free children from abuse and fighting so they can have the happy childhood they deserve . ' we ask them to make drawings of their experience during the attack . they draw people with slit throats and people drowning in the river . this shows us how deeply affected children are . we work with them individually ; we try to help them forget the traumatizing events they have experienced and continue their lives like other children and forget what they had to live through . ' as well as helping children through the refugee camps , the charity are also working to return abducted children to their families and demobilise children involved in fighting . to help protect children in danger you can give now to unicef 's work for children caught up in emergencies : https : //secure.unicef.org.uk/ ? appealid=12f8e269-eab5-4bf2-ba4f-1c2898a4f2f0 # lnkdt . 