four years after signing for arsenal , wellington silva has finally received clearance to make his gunners bow after being granted a spanish passport . he signed for arsenal in january 2011 from fluminese for a fee of £3.5million but has not been able to play for the club without a work permit . but all that changed late on tuesday , as the brazilian jubilantly revealed on twitter that he has been awarded spanish nationality , complete with a picture of his passport . wellington silva has finally received clearance to make his arsenal bow , four years after signing for the club . wellington silva put a picture on twitter of his spanish passport , which means he can finally play for arsenal . wellington ( left ) competes with isco of real madrid for possession while playing for almeria . wellington can play as a winger or second striker , boosting arsenal 's attacking options with his versatility . wellington has had to wait four years for his work permit issues to be resolved but can now play for arsenal . ' the good thing is slow in coming , but arrives with the greatest satisfaction in the world . spanish nationality ! ! ' wellington tweeted . his passport means he can now freely play for any team in the european union . the 22-year-old initially impressed arsenal on trial in 2008 , scoring four times . he has gone on to play for brazil under 21s and scored a stunning winner in the 2-1 victory against china in november last year . he will provide another versatile attacking option to wenger 's team , as he can operate as a winger or second striker . wellington can now link-up with arsene wenger and arsenal for pre-season and the 2015-16 campaign . wellington celebrates scoring against cordoba during his loan spell at murcia . wellington will see out the season at almeria , where he has already made 16 appearances for the club who are embroiled in a survival battle in la liga . the spanish league side are the fifth team he has been on loan to while his work permit issues have needed resolving . wellington has also played at spanish sides levante , alcoyano , ponferradina and murcia . he will look to use the experience gained from those loan tenures to break into arsene wenger 's thinking upon his eventual arrival for the 2015-16 campaign .