it has been almost 90 years since the electricity pylon as we know it was introduced into the uk . thousands of the 165ft towers line the land , spoiling scenes of beauty with a cat’s cradle of high-voltage cables . but their days are numbered after a more elegant design was seen in action for the first time yesterday – complete with a pair of distinctive ‘earrings’ . scroll down for video . national grid has revealed the uk 's first new pylon for nearly 90 years . called the t-pylon ( artist 's illustration shown ) it is a third shorter than the old lattice pylons . but it is able to carry just as much power - 400,000 volts . it is designed to be less obtrusive and will be used for clean energy purposes . national grid is building a training line of the less obtrusive t-pylons at their eakring training academy in nottinghamshire . britain 's first pylon , erected in july 1928 near edinburgh , was designed by architectural luminary sir reginald blomfield , inspired by the greek root of the word ‘pylon’ ( meaning gateway of an egyptian temple ) . the campaign against them - they were unloved even then - was run by rudyard kipling , john maynard keynes and hilaire belloc . five years later , the biggest peacetime construction project seen in britain , the connection of 122 power stations by 4,000 miles of cable , was completed . it marked the birth of the national grid and was a major stoking of the nation’s industrial engine and a vital asset during the second world war . there are now more than 88,000 pylons in the uk , including 22,000 on national grid’s main transmission network in england and wales . these stand some 50 metres high , weigh around 30 tonnes and carry up to 400,000 volts of electricity over thousands of kilometres to some of the most exposed , weather-beaten parts of britain . each t-pylon measures about 115ft ( 35 metres ) tall - about a third shorter than the old pylons , which were about 165ft ( 50 metres ) tall . the design is a t-shape , with two ‘ hanging baskets’ either side holding the various wires and cables needed to transmit electricity . t-pylons were the winners of a 2011 design competition to develop a new pylon that could deal with changing sources of electricity - namely , greener sources such as wind and solar power . ‘we’ve been able to answer `` yes '' to the hundreds of questions that need to be asked before we can introduce a new type of pylon , ’ said david wright , director of electricity transmission asset management at national grid . ‘ the training line has enabled us to learn so many lessons about how to manufacture and build the t-pylon . ‘i’m incredibly proud of the high standard of engineering that brought us to this point . ’ despite being shorter , the new tower is able to transport a similar amount of power to its predecessor - 400,000 volts - and each arm can support 60 tonnes of weight . the simplistic design , composed mostly of just eight components , means new t-pylons can be erected in just a single day , rather than a whole week for older pylons . national grid is building a training line of six t-pylons at their eakring training academy in nottinghamshire . despite being shorter , the new tower is able to transport a similar amount of power to its predecessor - 400,000 volts - and each arm can support 60 tonnes of weight . despite being shorter , the new tower is able to transport a similar amount of power to its predecessor - 400,000 volts - and each arm can support 60 tonnes of weight . t-pylons were the winners of a 2011 design competition to develop a new pylon that could deal with changing sources of electricity ( others shown right ) . the simplistic design , composed mostly of just eight components , means new t-pylons can be erected in just a single day , rather than a whole week for older pylons . maintenance is also easier , as engineers do not need to climb the pylons , but can simply work on them from an elevated platform . the new pylons won’t replace the 88,000 lattice pylons currently in use ; rather , the national grid will use them separately . national grid plans to use the first operational t-pylons with the hinkley point c nuclear power station in somerset . ‘ we developed the new type of pylon so that we could have a 21st century design to offer as we plan new transmission routes , ’ added mr wright . ‘ the t-pylon is not a replacement for the steel lattice pylon but it’s a new option and in some landscapes its shorter height and sleeker appearance can offer real advantages . ’ the new pylons won’t replace the 88,000 lattice pylons currently in use ; rather , the national grid will use them separately . they plan to use the first t-pylons with the hinkley point c nuclear power station in somerset . today there are more than 88,000 lattice pylons in the uk , including 22,000 on national grid’s main transmission network in england and wales . these stand some 165ft ( 50 metres ) high , weigh around 30 tonnes and carry up to 400,000 volts of electricity over thousands of kilometres .