siem de jong is targeting newcastle 's home clash with swansea later this month for a return to senior action after an eight-month injury nightmare . the 26-year-old holland international midfielder played 45 minutes for the club 's under-21s team on wednesday evening after competing his recovery from surgery to repair a collapsed lung . head coach john carver has hinted that de jong could even make the 18 for sunday 's barclays premier league fixture against tottenham at st james ' park , and while the dutchman has not ruled that out , his sights are set the swans ' visit to tyneside on the following weekend . newcastle playmaker siem de jong is hopeful of returning to the first-team before the end of the season . he told nufctv : ' i do n't think i could play 90 minutes in the coming weeks , so it will be maybe as a substitute at the end of the game , but i do n't know if i will be on the bench ... we have n't discussed yet when i 'll be back . ' but i hope swansea - i do n't know yet if tottenham would be a good time , but i hope to be back on the bench against swansea , depending on how it goes in the coming days and depending on how i feel tomorrow after today . ' we 'll see how it goes . i still have to get a little bit stronger , a little bit more explosive , a little faster , and hopefully i can work on that in the coming days . ' de jong , a £6million summer signing from ajax , has made just three senior appearances for the club , the last of them in a 3-3 home draw with crystal palace on august 30 last year - his only league start to date . the summer signing has been plagued by injuries since arriving from ajax but is close to full fitness . injury hit when he badly tore a thigh muscle in training days later and was sidelined until february , when disaster struck once again as he suffered a collapsed lung for the second time in his career . he took the first tentative steps towards a first-team return at st james ' park on wednesday evening , and while he knows there is more hard work to be done , he is glad to be back and already looking towards the start of next season . de jong said : ' i have n't repaid the fans a lot this season , so i hope to be playing a couple of games , maybe , at the end of the season . ' but i have to focus on next season and be really fit then and hopefully i can show the fans what i can do , and show myself and show my team-mates what i can do . ' john carver will be looking to put newcastle 's dreadful run to an end having lost their last five matches .