a graphic on nbc 's today show on wednesday misidentified saturday night live creator lorne michaels as ' lauren ' . the flub by a graphics person , made on the east coast feed of the morning show , was corrected for broadcasts in other time zones and online , the network said . today had interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story matt lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine as the 100 most influential in the world . michaels is a legend at nbc for snl - making the mistake by his own network even more embarrassing . scroll down for video . naming blunder : a graphic on nbc 's today show on wednesday misidentified saturday night live creator lorne michaels as ' lauren ' . michaels , a native of toronto , made the cut for the second time since 2008 . the thrice married father-of-three made up part of the titans category on the list compiled by time , which included rapper kanye west , apple ceo tim cook and reality tv star kim kardashian . ' hard to think of anyone more skilled at discovering extraordinary comedic performers , ' wrote actor jack nicholson in a tribute to michaels . he continued : ' as lorne’s friend , i know that he is graciously suspect of admiration , and he understands that a discussion or dissection of humor is doomed to be dull . ' his credo : be funny and get on with it . ' in the spotlight : today had interviewed 70-year-old michaels for a story matt lauer did on a new york gathering for people listed by time magazine as the 100 most influential in the world . born lorne lipowitz , michaels began his broadcasting career at cbc radio after graduating from the university of toronto with an english degree . in 1975 , nbc hired michaels to create a show to run on saturday nights . after gathering a group of actors and writers , michaels debuted saturday night live . the sketch comedy show has since scored 160 emmy award nominations and 35 wins , while launching numerous careers . today , michaels is recognized as one of the most influential comedy producers of all time . along as being recognized by time , in february michaels was named on billboard magazine’s power 100 list . despite becoming a u.s. citizen in 1987 , the media star has also been honored several times by his home country and he boasts a spot on canada 's walk of fame .