curtly’s war cry . west indies received an animated pep talk from bowling coach and legendary paceman curtly ambrose . ambrose , who terrorised many a batsman during the 1990s , looked to have roused his charges as they took five for 58 in the morning session . but alastair cook and co will be happy to see the big man beyond the boundary rope rather than thundering down the wicket towards them himself . curtly ambrose 's pep talk to west indies bowlers must have worked on day two as they rolled over the tail . battling jordan . england’s ninth man in chris jordan played out an interesting duel with former barbados team-mate justin holder - a close-fought battle which yielded nine runs from 27 balls , including two boundaries . aside from jordan’s knock and anderson’s quickfire 20 , england’s tail suffered a torrid morning — they began the day on 341 for five and were all out for 399 by lunch . west indies bowler jason holder used to be a barbados team-mate with chris jordan . viv’s verdict . as well as a good morning with the bat , jordan had a decent time with the ball after lunch . the sussex seamer removed darren bravo for 10 early on , but not everyone was impressed . ‘ his run-up is rather ungainly , ’ sir viv richards said . ‘ he looks as though he should have a javelin in his hand . ' jordan jumps for joy after dismissing darren bravo for 10 on the second afternoon in antigua . 21 ( years ) not out . shiv chanderpaul’s test career has now lasted 21 years and 28 days — the 40-year-old has spent more of his life as a cricketer than not . the batsman made his test debut in 1994 against england , whose team that day was : m atherton , a stewart , m ramprakash , r smith , g hick , g thorpe , i salisbury , j russell , c lewis , a fraser and a igglesden . shiv chanderpaul 's test career for the west indies has lasted over 21 years . confusing review . the decision review system at the sir viv richards stadium caused prolonged confusion on tuesday . umpire billy bowden was unmoved by protests after jordan was struck on the knee-roll by holder , so the decision was reviewed . without hot spot or snicko , the third umpire spent a few minutes examining the replay before deciding jordan had the finest of edges — only for the ball-tracker graphic to finally appear and show it was completely missing the stumps . kp worry . kevin pietersen had an injury scare when he was struck on the right hand while fielding at leg slip and fell to the ground . the surrey batsman , after being hit by a top edge from oxford’s steve leach , stayed down initially before leaving the field . he did not return after tea . kevin pietersen suffered an injury scare during surrey 's match against oxford mccu . fab charlotte . england women’s captain charlotte edwards received her cbe from the queen on tuesday . the 2008 women’s cricketer of the year is a fabulous role model for women’s cricket and an incredibly successful captain . it can only be a matter of time before she becomes dame lottie ... england women 's cricket captain charlotte edwards received her cbe from the queen on tuesday .