controversial bookmakers paddy power have provoked outrage with a ' joke ' about the african-american police beatings . in a tweet published ahead of liverpool 's clash against newcastle tonight , the bookmakers appeared to make light of the issue in the wake of a succession of stories in the us regarding police shootings on african-americans . on the paddy power offers page , a tweet was published that read : ' newcastle have suffered more kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed african-american male ' . it was accompanied by a smirking picture of liverpool boss brendan rodgers and has resulted in a furious backlash on social media . controversy : paddy power appeared to make a joke about the recent police shootings on african-americans . one said : ' this is the most disgusting tweet i 've read in probably my entire time on twitter . ' she added : ' how dare you make the execution of black men in america the butt of your jokes ' . another quipped : ' what 's funny ? black people being killed ? explain yourself . ' others lined up to condemn the bookmakers describing the tweet as ' deplorable ' , ' unbelievable ' , ' horrible ' and ' disgusting ' . last week , white south carolina police officer michael slager was charged with the murder of walter scott , a black man , who was filmed running away from the officer . mourners at mr scott 's funeral service were told by the pastor that his death was the result of ' overt ' racism ' . this is not the first time paddy power - who employs harriet harman 's son , harry dromey as its ' mischief champion ' - has courted controversy . paddy power 's controversial advert about the outcome of the oscar pistorius murder trial was the most complained about advertisement in britain last year . it offered ' money back if he walks ' for punters betting on the outcome of the trial . after receiving 5,525 complaints , the advertising standards authority ( asa ) pulled the advert on the grounds it trivialised ' the issues surrounding a murder trial , the death of a woman and disability . ' pistorius was last year jailed for five years for killing girlfriend reeva steenkamp , although he could be released this year . criticism : paddy power 's controversial advert about the outcome of the oscar pistorius murder trial was the most complained about advertisement in britain last year . earlier this year , the bookmakers attracted criticism for an advertising campaign poking fun at foreign owners of british football clubs by featuring a team of players wearing middle eastern robes . in the past , it has been derided for an advert showing a cat being kicked into a tree by a blind footballer . it was the most complained about advert of 2010 , but was cleared by the asa and did not face a ban . paddy power also created 2002 's most complained-about advert , with a campaign that placed odds on two elderly women making it across the road safely . on that occasion , it was banned by the asa . last year , the bookmakers sponsored us basketball star dennis rodman to make a controversial trip to north korea to hand over gifts to kim jong-un . this included an irish whiskey set - reportedly worth thousands of pounds - which was given as a birthday present for the north korea dictator , in response to the latest furore , a spokesman for paddy power said : ' it 's clearly an acerbic reference to recent police activity in the us . and obviously , no offence was meant . '