the beloved , traditional anzac biscuit recipe is a simple one that features rolled oats , desiccated coconut , and golden syrup as the primary ingredients . but with so many different food tribes competing for prominence these days , be it sugar-free , raw , paleo , or # foodporn , the time-honoured recipe may not quite cut if for you and your family on april 25 . femail asked well-known food authors to contribute their spin on the classic anzac biscuit recipe , from sugar-free , to a pimped-up chocolate and macadamia version ... and even a raw recipe . but how do they stack up against the original ? bake ( or simply make , in the case of the raw variety ) one or all of these recipes this weekend , and decide for yourself ... traditional treat : the classic anzac biscuit is a much-loved classic cookie . sugar-free anzac biscuits by sarah wilson , i quit sugar . ' anzacs should always have a chewy , almost tooth-cracking quality ( traditionally they were rock hard ) and to get this result without sugar can be tough , ' says i quit sugar founder sarah wilson . ' this recipe uses rice malt syrup which is a fructose-free sweetener that , unlike sugar , does n't cause metabolic havoc . but , as with all our recipes , we keep the sweetener to less than half a teaspoon per serve . we chuck in some macadamias to give them extra australian love ! ' ' these delicious anzac biscuits are the perfect way to celebrate anzac day this weekend without the sugar hangover . ' yield : 25 biscuits . prep time : 10 minutes . cooking time : 20 minutes . total time : 30 minutes . ingredients . 125 g unsalted butter . ¼ cup rice malt syrup . pinch sea salt . ½ teaspoon bicarbonate of soda . 2 tablespoons boiling water . 1 cup rolled oats . ¾ cup desiccated coconut . 1 cup plain flour ( or plain gluten-free flour ) . ½ cup roughly chopped macadamias . directions . 1 . preheat oven to 150ºc/ 300ºf/ gas mark 2 and line baking trays with baking paper . 2 . in a small saucepan over low heat , melt the butter and rice malt syrup , stirring until the mixture starts to bubble . add a pinch of salt . 3 . combine the bicarbonate of soda with boiling water and add to butter mixture . 4 . combine remaining ingredients in a separate bowl . pour melted butter mixture into dry ingredients and combine well . 5 . roll 1 teaspoon of mixture into a ball and place on tray , flattening into a disc . repeat with remaining mixture , allowing room for spreading . 6 . bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown . 7 . allow to cool on trays before transferring to a wire rack . store in airtight container . for more recipes , visit i quit sugar . i quit sugar : sarah wilson 's sugar-free recipe substitutes golden syrup and sugar for rice malt syrup . sugar-free : ' these delicious anzac biscuits are the perfect way to celebrate anzac day this weekend without the sugar hangover , ' says wilson . chocolate & macadamia anzac biscuits by lorraine elliott , not quite nigella . ' there are two types of anzac biscuits : crunchy and chewy , and while i 'll happily eat both i prefer crunchy , ' says lorraine elliott of food blog not quit nigella . ' these anzac biscuits are definitely of the crunchy variety . think brandy snaps or toffee in their tooth feel . ' the macadamias and chocolate give it a bit of luxury that is n't traditional but i am not really allowed to make them any other way now that friends and family have tried this one . ' chocolate-coated : food blogger not quite nigella 's pimped-up variety features chocolate and macadamia . yield : 24 biscuits . preparation time : 5-10 minutes . baking time : 15 minutes . total time : 20-25 minutes . ingredients . 1 cup oats . 1 cup firmly packed brown sugar . 1 cup/125 g/4.4 ozs macadamia nuts , chopped . 3/4 cup plain or all purpose flour . 1/2 cup desiccated coconut . 130g/4.6 ozs butter . 2 tablespoons golden syrup ( can also use honey ) . 1 tablespoon hot water mixed with 1/2 teaspoon bi carbonate of soda . 250g/1/2 pound dark chocolate ( optional ) . method . 1 . preheat oven to 175°c/375°f . line two large trays with parchment ( you will actually put six biscuits on each tray so you can line four baking trays if you want ) . not quite nigella 's lorraine prefers crunchy anzac biscuits . in a medium sized bowl mix the oats , brown sugar , flour , nuts and coconut so that it is evenly distributed . 2 . in a small saucepan ( or even in the microwave ) melt the butter until completely melted . add the golden syrup and bi-carb and water mix . whisk to combine and then add this liquid mixture to the dry mixture and stir until everything is moistened . shape into walnut sized balls with hands and place far apart on the baking sheet as they will spread a lot - i fit six per tray . bake for 15 minutes . allow to cool on the tray for five to ten minutes and then place on a cooling rack as they will firm up then . repeat with rest of the dough . 3 . if you are making these with chocolate , melt the chocolate in a double boiler ( a heatproof bowl fitted over a saucepan of simmering water ensuring that the bottom of the bowl doesn’t touch the water ) or in the microwave on 50 per cent power with 60 second bursts , stirring between bursts . spread the chocolate over the bottom with an angled spatula and leave bottoms up to set . for more recipes , visit not quite nigella . sweet : these versions are thinner like brandy snaps . raw anzac cookies by taline gabrielian , hippie lane . ' these chewy anzac biscuits are a healthy twist on the original sugar , butter and flour loaded cookies , ' says taline gabrielian , founder of hippie lane app . ' they are quick and easy to make and are completely raw . raw food is high in nutrients and minerals as the food preserves the enzymes that are lost in the cooking process . ' these cookies will prove that raw healthy treats are the way to go . they taste just like the real deal without the guilt . get making ! ' raw movement : not a fan of baked ? give these raw version of the classic recipe a try . ingredients . 2 cups oats . 1 cup quinoa flakes . 1 cup coconut , desiccated . 1 tsp vanilla powder . pinch salt . ¾ cup golden syrup* . 4 tbsp almond butter or other mild tasting nut butter ( cashew or macadamia ) . ½ cup oats . method . taline is founder of popular raw food app hippie lane . 1 . process oats in the food processor to resemble fine flour consistency . this may take 1-2 minutes depending on the strength of your food processor . 2 . add quinoa flakes and coconut and continue to process . 3 . add vanilla , salt , golden syrup and almond butter and process until dough-like . the mixture should stick together . 4 . roll mixture onto kitchen bench or cutting board , add extra oats and cut with round cookie cutter . 5 . best eaten 30 minutes after removing from freezer . * i use golden syrup in this recipe as it adds the necessary flavour to achieve the true anzac cookie taste . for the healthiest version of this recipe , substitute the golden syrup with rice malt or maple syrup . for more recipes , follow taline on instagram and visit her website . ' these cookies will prove that raw healthy treats are the way to go . they taste just like the real deal without the guilt , ' says taline . with slight variations in measurement , the traditional anzac biscuit recipe tends to look something like this ... ingredients . 1 cup rolled oats . 1 cup plain flour . 2/3 cup brown sugar . 2/3 cup desiccated coconut . 125g butter . 2 tablespoons golden syrup . 1/2 teaspoon bicarbonate of soda . method . place rolled oats , flour , sugar , and coconut in a large bowl and combine . melt butter and golden syrup in a saucepan over medium heat , adding bicarbonate of soda once melted . add butter and syrup mixture to dry ingredients and stir to combine . roll into balls and place on baking trays lined with baking paper . bake in a 160 degree oven for 10-12 minutes . classic recipe : the beloved classic features rolled oats , golden syrup and dessicated coconut . 