lydia ko tied annika sorenstam 's lpga tour record with her 29th consecutive round under par , shooting a 1-under 71 on thursday at the ana inspiration . the 17-year-old ko saved par on the par-4 seventh - her 16th hole - after hitting an approach shot through a gap in the trees . she hit a 6-iron to 18 inches to set up a birdie on the 158-yard , par-3 eighth and closed with a par on the par-5 ninth . the top-ranked new zealander started the streak in the first round of her victory in the season-ending cme group tour championship last year . her worldwide streak is 32 , counting the three rounds she played in her victory in the ladies european tour 's new zealand women 's open this year . teenage sensation lydia ko acknowledges the crowd after finishing the first round at the ana inspiration . the 17-year-old equalled former world no 1 annika sorenstam 's record of 29 under par rounds in a row . the new zealand world no 1 tees off at the par 3 eighth hole at the event in california . sorenstam set the lpga tour mark in 2004 . ko also won the women 's australian open winner in february the week before her new zealand victory , she was a stroke behind leaders charley hull , na yeon choi and austin ernst halfway through the first round in the first major championship of the season . opening in strong morning wind at tree-lined mission hills , ko made a 14-foot birdie putt on her first hole and got to 2 under with an 8-footer on the 12th . she bogeyed the par-4 13th , hitting into the front right bunker and leaving herself a 25-foot par putt . after playing partner lexi thompson hit into the water in front of the green on the 133-yard 14th with the wind gusting to 25-30 mph , ko hit pin-high to the right and made the 15-footer for birdie . former world no 1 sorenstam set her lpga tour record of consecutive rounds under par in 2004 . defending champion lexi thomas could only manage a round of 72 on her opener . ko bogeyed three of the next four holes to make the turn at 1 over . playing into a right-to-left crosswind on the par-4 15th , she drove into the front of the left fairway bunker . close to the lip of the bunker , she chipped 30 yards to the fairway and hit her third to 35 feet . on the par-4 16th , she drove to the left , with the ball stopping in rough on the front edge of a bunker . her fairway wood with the ball below her feet ended up short of the green in the left rough and she hit her third to 20 feet . michelle wie watches on after making a shot on the 12th of the mission hills tournament . the us superstar dropped two shots on the final hole to card a 72 for her first round . she was fortunate to only drop one shot on the par-5 18th . after driving into the right rough , hitting a fairway wood into the left rough , and sending her third through the green , ko hit a flop shot that ticked a palm tree and stopped in the fringe , leaving a steep downhill putt that raced 15 feet past . she made the putt for a bogey save . ko got back to even par on the par-5 second , hitting a chip to a foot . she also chipped to a foot on the par-3 fifth after missing the green to the left . thompson , the defending champion , had a 72 . michelle wie , second last year , had a double bogey on no . 18 in a 73 . 