st mirren skipper steven thompson has apologised to team-mate john mcginn after accidentally spearing him with a training ground pole . the scotland under 21 player is now on crutches and will miss the rest of the season after a prank at saints ' renfrewshire training ground went badly wrong on thursday . gary teale 's first-team squad were doing a dribbling drill when veteran thompson lost possession to mcginn and stumbled into two poles which were intended for the players to run through . st mirren 's steven thompson acidentally speared team-mate john mcginn with a pole in training last week . mcginn ( left ) will miss the rest of the season after being stabbed in the leg by the pole . thompson threw one at mcginn in jest – and to his horror it stabbed him on the leg , leaving him requiring hospital attention . thompson subsequently scored two goals in saints 4-1 win over kilmarnock on saturday and is believed to have given his win bonus to his stricken team-mate . but on sunday night the striker was still coming to terms with injuring one of the club 's brightest talents in such a bizarre manner . ' the whole thing has been a complete nightmare , ' thompson said . ' john is going to be okay but i 'm mortified that it happened in the first place . i was having a carry-on and it turned sour . ' it was a stupid prank , something silly , and it ended with john being injured . i ca n't apologise enough . ' thompson netted his 50th goal for his boyhood heroes at the weekend . but he insists it 's been impossible to get the training ground incident out of his mind . thompson celebrates the first of his two goals against kilmarnock in saturday 's 4-1 victory . ' it 's all i 've been able to think about since it happened on thursday , ' he added . ' i feel so bad . it was an accident but it 's still something i regret . ' we were doing a drill where , to score goals , we had to dribble between two poles which were sticking in the ground as gates . ' when i got to a set of poles john tackled me and one of the poles got stuck between my legs . ' it sounds stupid now but for banter i grabbed one of the poles and pretended i was doing some kind of ninja move . ' i threw it into the ground behind john who , by this point , was running away and facing in the other direction . ' but as i did that , he did a cruyff turn and the pole stabbed him in the leg . we were only a few feet apart . it was n't as if i launched it 10 metres like a javelin . he was right next to me . st mirren boss gary teale shakes hands with his captain thompson on the touchline at st mirren park . ' i just had n't counted on him changing direction when he did . ' thompson could only watch in horror at what unfolded . ' it was just horrendous , ' he said . ' it was the worst thing i have seen in my life . since then it 's all i 've been thinking about . ' it popped in and out of his thigh instantly and for a few seconds his leg was black . but then blood started pouring out of the hole . ' john was obviously in agony . a few of us carried him inside and he got treatment . it was horrendous . ' i 've been shocked by it and really down . i like a laugh and a joke in training but for this to happen is just unbelievable . ' saturday was a big day for me but all i 'm thinking about is john . ' 