an archive of images showing the evolution of the easter egg over the past 40 years has been released in time for this year 's celebrations . archivists at confectionery giant nestle have assembled the compendium of photographs dating back as far as the 1970s to highlight how the traditional chocolate treats have changed over the years . and the images are bound to jog a few childhood memories of the vast array of easter eggs that the famed sweet makers have produced in the past . scroll down for video . who knew ? chewy sweets , tooty frooties , used to release easter eggs . this advert dates back to 1972 . a dose of nostalgia : from the smarties easter egg ( pictured left ) , to a selection of funky easter eggs ( pictured right ) , both 1970 . the collection includes eggs by much-loved brands like caramac , yorkie , rolo , toffee crisp , aero and even polo . the tradition of easter eggs can be traced back to the years following the first world war when the egg was adopted as a symbol of new life and hope . prior to that chocolatiers had made chocolate fish , chickens and shoes at easter because these were accepted symbols of the celebrations . matchmakers look very different today ! now mostly associated with mint , back in 1991 , a matchmakers easter egg is retailed with ' orange chocolate sticks ' . very different from it 's distinctive bold style today , a poster advertises yorkie easter in 1980.the easter egg can be traced back to wwi when eggs symbolised new life and hope . the new egg-shaped treats soared in popularity throughout the 1920s and 1930s but production stopped in the 1940s due to world war two rationing . shortages of key ingredients like sugar carried on until the early 1950s until british firm rowntrees , now owned by nestle , released their dairy egg in 1954 . since then chocolate easter eggs have been a staple in households across the country . alex hutchinson , historian and archivist at nestle , said : ' prior to first world war people would celebrate easter with chocolate fish and chickens which were symbols of the christian story of easter . egg-cellent ! smarties eggheads ( pictured left ) and rowntree 's minty eggs ( pictured right ) in 1991 show very different flavours to what is widely-known now . rowntree 's are characterised by their chewy fruit pastels . a kit-kat easter egg poster from 1991 shows that the packaging has n't changed dramatically to today , and has also maintained it 's famous ' have a break ! ' tagline . yorkie 's easter egg poster from 1991 , also shows that the chocolate has maintained its bold yellow and blue branding . ' we also made chocolate shoes , which were pagan symbols of a tradition in the north of england whereby people would buy new shoes and bonnets to wear to church at easter . ' after the first world war we reintroduced the easter egg in 1922 . the eggs symbolised the spring , new life and hope . ' easter eggs became hugely popular and the rest is history . ' we put together this archive of photos as a little easter treat for fans of easter eggs . ' our archives go all the way back to the very beginning of the chocolate easter egg but this selection of images focuses on the 70s , 80s and 90s because the designs and packaging are much cooler . ' a little bit of nostalgia is great fun , and there 's bound to be a few eggs in there that people remember from their childhoods . ' retro egg ! a rowntree easter egg range was advertised in 1977 , and is starting to show hints of rowntree 's colourful branding . goodies within : a tooty frooties easter egg ( pictured left ) and a quality street egg ( pictured right ) made from bundles of their signature wrapped-up chocolates - both from 1976 . a weekend easter collection from 1970 ( pictured left ) and a collection of tots easter eggs from 1977 ( right ) . rowntree 's milk chocolate cream eggs from 1970 are made from the same ingredients as what we 've come to love and know as cadbury 's creme eggs . 