a former mob enforcer in rhode island with ties to late new england crime boss raymond l.s . patriarca has died in a federal prison in north carolina . gerard t. ' the frenchman ' ouimette was 75 . the federal bureau of prison 's website reported that ouimette , who had lived in fall river , massachusetts , died sunday . ouimette , suspected of having a role in up to eight murders , ' ran ' the federal prison in north carolina in the 1970s and even had booze , drugs and lobster dinner smuggled in on a weekly basis , according to a rhode island state police report . his nephew , kevin ouimette lynch , tells the providence journal that his uncle was recently diagnosed with lung cancer and died in his sleep at a prison in butner , north carolina . ouimette was reportedly in control of a gangster network responsible for gambling , loansharking , extortion , and murder , among other crimes . ouimette passed away in this medium security facility after being diagnosed with lung cancer . in 1996 , ouimette was convicted of extortion and became the first criminal in new england sentenced to life in prison under the federal ' three strikes and you 're out ' provision for violent offenders . ouimette had more than 10 convictions during his criminal career , including one for punching an fbi agent . the providence journal reports that ouimette spent a total of 46 years behind bars . a 1979 fbi document regarding his background paints the picture of man in control of a massive underworld network . ' subject ouimette controls a large group of criminals known as the ouimette faction , whose criminal activities include gambling , loansharking , extortion and property violations such as major hijackings , robberies and burglaries , ' the report states . ouimette had close ties to crime boss raymond patriarca , seen here leaving a federal building in boston on june 27 , 1967 . ' although not italian , ouimette enjoys the same stature as lieutenants under raymond l.s . patriarca , who controls organized crime ( oc ) in the boston and new england area . ' the document went on to call ouimette responsible for ' seven of eight gangland-style murders . ' he was never convicted of any homicides , however . ouimette was known to his associates as ' the frenchman . ' in his 2012 memoir , ' what price providence , ' the enforcer blamed the police for the nickname . ''the frenchman ' is the name that rhode island police attached to me in 1969 since i am proud of my french descent , an anomaly in that neighborhood , ' he wrote . ' due to ensuing notoriety , the name stuck . ' in the introduction to that back , he wrote that he knew he would die in prison . ' there is a saying that is appropriate to prison life : ' if you sit by the river long enough , you will eventually see all your enemies float by , '' he wrote . ' bottom line is , if you can survive , you 're ahead of the game , not by much , but by some . the reason is , there is no room for error when you are playing the la costra nostra 's major leagues ; one mistake can end your life , and often does . ' the gangland enforcer 's influence was not diminished behind bars , and state police said he even became the boss of the aci 's maxium security prison in the 1970s . at least once a week in the latter years of that decade , gang associate charles ' the ghost ' kennedy would visit the facility with as much as $ 600 worth of alcohol , marijuana , ham , cold cuts , cheese , and italian bread for security guards to deliver to the incarcerated ouimette and his gang . they even had catered lobster dinners , police said . ouimette , then 55 , is seen here being escorted out of federal court in providence , rhode island , after being sentenced to life in prison without parole in 1996 . besides booze , ouimette even once had his son , then only five-years-old , smuggled into the prison for a sleepover , the journal reported . eventually he and kennedy had a falling out , and kennedy claimed a hit squad was assembled to kill him . a fearful man , during his 1996 exortion trial several strippers who were called to testify about threats ouimette had made in their club broke down in tears before him in court . ouimette 's body will be sent back to rhode island where ouimette will be buried . 