family and friends of man shot dead by police last month are in shock after a billboard featuring the officer who pulled the trigger was erected in kenosham , wisconsin . aaron siler , 26 , was fatally shot after he ' armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres on march 14 . torres is currently on leave pending the outcome of the investigation into the deadly shooting . in the meantime a billboard , paid for by the kenosha professional police association , has been erected featuring a photograph of torres and his dog . ' thank you for your support , kenosha , ' it reads . scroll down for more . family and friends of aaron siler , a man shot dead by police last month , are in shock after a billboard featuring the officer who pulled the trigger , pablo torres , was erected in kenosham , wisconsin . ' i felt like they were saying thank you for killing aaron ' : family friend kathy willie called the billboard ' disrespectful ' and said it should be taken down . siler 's family and friends have called the billboard ' disrespectful ' and are asking for it be taken down . ' i felt like they were saying thank you for killing aaron , ' said family friend kathy willie . she told wisn that siler 's mother started crying when she heard about the billboard . ' why are they doing this to us ? ' she asked . the kenosha professional police association claims that no offence was intended and that the billboard was simply to thank the community for its support . ' the recent incidents in the community have greatly impacted many people including the officer , his family and the entire police department , ' the police association said in a statement . ' we have been humbled by the outpouring of support the community has given us and we wanted to simply say thank you for that support . ' aaron siler , right , was fatally shot after he ' armed himself with a weapon ' after being confronted by officer pablo torres , left , on march 14 . a car is damaged after a police chase : siler , who was wanted on an active felony probation and parole warrant , was shot and killed by torres following a vehicle and foot pursuit . siler , who was wanted on an active felony probation and parole warrant , was shot and killed by torres following a vehicle and foot pursuit . that shooting came just 10 days after torres , responding to a report of a suicidal man , shot 66-year-old terry knight , who was armed with two knives . knight was wounded in the stomach and was charged with second-degree recklessly endangering safety . kenosha police asked agents from the state division of criminal investigation to investigate both shootings . the investigation into the shooting of knight was turned over to district attorney robert zapf 's office on march 20 , and he determined this month that the shooting was justified . the investigation into siler 's death continues . 