this adorable dancer 's incredible balancing skills have made her on overnight internet sensation . the talented toddler , believed to be from china and female , carefully balances three small bowls on her head as she performs a series of dance moves to music . happily bobbing along to the music , the youngster who is thought to be aged between two and three years old , slowly spins around being careful not to drop the dinnerware , as seen in a video on the people 's daily online . tiny dancer : this talented toddler has become an internet sensation in china after the video of her dancing went viral . with a look of pure concentration she continues to spin , lifting her arms to the traditional folk music . gaining confidence the tiny dancer drops to floor in a crouch and - for the first time - her carefully balanced crockery gives a wobble . but with the most minor of adjustments , the bowls are made safe and the dance continues . the video has been reposted by numerous chinese video sites after it was first featured on jiangsu satellite tv station in china this week . the youngster has a look of pure concentration as she balances the three bowls which appear to be ceramic on her head . she carefully spins around to the music , in an adorable attempt at what appears to be a traditional female dance performed by the uyghur people in northwestern china . the toddler may have been performing the traditional dance of the uyghur - a turkic people originally from central asia which have a large population in the xinjiang autonomous region in northwestern china . the dance is also very similar to the mongolian bowl dance , a folk dance which is performed by female dancers across asia . linked to hospitality , the feminine zhongwan is performed by women who balance several bowls on their head and then dance with incredible skill and grace . mongolian dances are closely connected with song or story . men 's dances feature masculine activities including the horse and sword dance , the hawk dance , and the roughrider dance . other female folk dances such as the chopsticks dance ( kuaizi ) or milking dance ( jinai ) .