jailed millionaire robert durst pleaded not guilty tuesday to the newest charge against him - a federal charge of possessing a gun after a felony conviction . u.s. district judge lance africk set a trial date for june 22 . durst is an estranged member of the wealthy family that operates 1 world trade center . he also faces a murder charge in california and two state weapons charges in louisiana - one of possessing a .38-caliber revolver after a felony conviction and one of possessing the firearm along with an illegal drug : about 5 ounces of marijuana . claiming innocence : suspected murderer robert durst appeared in court on tuesday and pleaded guilty to a new charge of gun possession . pictured above leaving federal court in new orleans , louisiana in handcuffs after the court appearance . durst pleaded guilty to two federal charges in pennsylvania in 2004 : possessing a firearm while a fugitive and while under indictment . however , his lawyers say those convictions do n't make it illegal for him to carry a gun under louisiana law . the weapons arrest has kept durst in new orleans even though he waived extradition to california , where he 's charged in the december 2000 death of 55-year-old susan berman , a longtime friend -allegedly because she was going to talk to investigators about the disappearance of his first wife in 1982 . he was arrested early march 15 , less than 12 hours before hbo aired the final segment of ' the jinx , ' in which - off camera in a bathroom but with the microphone still live - durst whispers , ' there it is . you 're caught ! ' after about 10 other short sentences and disjointed phrases , he says , ' what the hell did i do ? killed them all , of course . ' durst was arrested last month on suspicion of the 2000 murder of his friend susan berman . the two pictured together above . it 's believed that durst killed berman because she was about to speak to investigators about the 1982 disappearance of durst 's first wife kathleen mccormack . pictured together above . tuesday 's hearing had its own bizarre moment when prosecutor mike mcmahon asked durst if he understood the maximum penalties he faced if convicted . durst responded : ' and you are ? ' durst 's attorney and the judge then explained to him who mcmahon was . durst is being held without bail in a state prison where the orleans parish mental ward is located , because the sheriff 's office says experts found him a suicide risk . defense attorneys and prosecutors met with a different federal judge last week to discuss another federal matter : whether two fbi agents and a state trooper on an fbi task force should be held in contempt of court for failing to show up at a hearing last week before the orleans parish criminal district court magistrate . federal prosecutors moved that part of the case to federal court monday ; durst 's attorneys have not filed their response and have said they would not comment until they do . durst 's lawyers say his arrest in new orleans was timed to coincide with the conclusion of ' the jinx . ' durst had registered at the marriott under the name everette ward and was lying low while hbo aired the final chapter of his life story . authorities said they found a passport , a head-and-chest latex mask , a handgun and marijuana in his room . his lawyers say it was searched illegally .