ben affleck today finally admitted the name of the slave ancestor he had censored from his past . the oscar-winning actor posted on social media that a ' benjamin cole ' of georgia , an ancestor on his mother 's side , was the relative dropped from the pbs show about his family history . the admission came the day after he apologized for lobbying for the removal of the truth about his family past from finding your roots . writing on his personal account he said : ' lots of people have been asking who the guy was . his name was benjamin cole - lived in georgia on my mom 's side about six generations back . ' scroll down for video . ben affleck has apologized after he demanded information about a slave-owning relative be withheld from a pbs show about his ancestry . admission : how ben affleck finally came clean . affleck took to facebook to issue his apology . close : ben affleck and his former freedom rider mother chris anne , seen last october in los angeles . his mother , chris anne , had featured in the show , not because her ancestor benefited from indenture , but because she had been a freedom rider . after appearing on finding your roots and learning one of his ancestors was a slave owner , affleck pushed the network to leave that information out of the program it was first revealed by dailymail online , a request the producers ultimately agreed to . however , the admission suggests affleck may have more than one slave-owning ancestor . another was named today by the sun as james mcguire , who kept eight slaves on his farm in what is now trenton in new jersey in the 1840s . the affair has severely embarrassed the actor , a high-profile campaigner for liberal causes , who runs a charity for africa . it has also plunged pbs into crisis , and according to a prominent commentator , ' diminished ' prof henry louis gates jr , the host of the show , who is a harvard academic . last night the actor apologized for asking producers to leave out the name in a post on facebook , while also explaining his reasons for his decision . ' after an exhaustive search of my ancestry for finding your roots , it was discovered that one of my distant relatives was an owner of slaves , ' wrote affleck . ' i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . i was embarrassed . the very thought left a bad taste in my mouth . ' affleck went on to say he lobbied for that information to be withheld after filming the episode . ' it 's important to remember that this is n't a news program . finding your roots is a show where you voluntarily provide a great deal of information about your family , making you quite vulnerable , ' he explained . ' the assumption is that they will never be dishonest but they will respect your willingness to participate and not look to include things you think would embarrass your family . ' he then added ; ' i regret my initial thoughts that the issue of slavery not be included in the story . we deserve neither credit nor blame for our ancestors and the degree of interest in this story suggests that we are , as a nation , still grappling with the terrible legacy of slavery . it is an examination well worth continuing . ' spotlight : the future of prof henry louis gates jr as the host of the show is in the balance after pbs launched an investigation into whether its editorial code was breached . us genealogist debra fleming is said to have helped trace affleck 's family tree back to mcguire , a relative of his father timothy . ms fleming told the sun : ' there are lots of farmers in the family . slavery did n't end in new jersey until 1846 . ' affleck is just one of the many celebrities once again under fire after wikileaks sorted all the hacked sony emails into a system that makes them easier for the public to search . pbs meanwhile is conducting an internal investigation to determine if this omission violated the network 's editorial standards . they have yet to release a statement on their findings or to make clear when they will be reported , and whether they will quiz affleck . however , the affair has also called into question the future of the show 's host , prof henry louis gates jr . after an exhaustive search of my ancestry for ' finding your roots , ' it was discovered that one of my distant relatives was an owner of slaves . i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . i was embarrassed . the very thought left a bad taste in my mouth . skip decided what went into the show . i lobbied him the same way i lobby directors about what takes of mine i think they should use . this is the collaborative creative process . skip agreed with me on the slave owner but made other choices i disagreed with . in the end , it 's his show and i knew that going in . i 'm proud to be his friend and proud to have participated . it 's important to remember that this is n't a news program . finding your roots is a show where you voluntarily provide a great deal of information about your family , making you quite vulnerable . the assumption is that they will never be dishonest but they will respect your willingness to participate and not look to include things you think would embarrass your family . i regret my initial thoughts that the issue of slavery not be included in the story . we deserve neither credit nor blame for our ancestors and the degree of interest in this story suggests that we are , as a nation , still grappling with the terrible legacy of slavery . it is an examination well worth continuing . i am glad that my story , however indirectly , will contribute to that discussion . while i do n't like that the guy is an ancestor , i am happy that aspect of our country 's history is being talked about . ben affleck . until now he had been a harvard university academic best known for the ' beer summit ' organized by president obama when a policeman tried to arrest him because of a 911 call about men breaking and entering a home - which was in fact prof gates ' own home . the arrest became the center of a debate on racial profiling , and the african-american academic and the policeman were invited to the white house to discuss the arrest and its fallout over a beer . however today he was described as ' diminished ' in the new york times by frank bruni , its columnist , as ' diminished ' by the affair which ' exposed gates , a trusted authority on the african-american experience , to accusations that he 'd sold out ' . pbs declined today to offer any guarantees that he would remain host of the show . on friday it issued a statement on his behalf but today said it was not responsible for his public statements . the publicly-funded broadcaster was severely criticized by its ombudsman for its handling of affleck and daily mail online 's revelations . michael getler , the ombudsman , said the channel ' took a beating ' . ' on the broader points , it seems to me that any serious program about genealogy , especially dealing with celebrities , can not leave out a slave-owning ancestor , ' he said . ' ... gates , aside from the decision he made – and it looks to me like a bad one – also , in my opinion , violated the well-known `` no surprises doctrine '' for public affairs programming and many other things by not informing pbs about these demands by affleck ' . he added : ' as for pbs , they just struck me as asleep at the switch when this broke . it was pretty apparent from the leaked emails what had happened and to put out a statement that said essentially nothing and very quickly looked pathetic , as if they were hiding something . ' pbs said it had no comment to make on the ombudsman 's words .