joe beats sachin to 2,000 . joe root became the second-youngest england batsman to reach 2,000 test runs , after alastair cook . root reached the milestone aged 24 years , 115 days . cook was 401 days quicker . however , root did get there in fewer innings than india great sachin tendulkar . joe root 's 182 not out took him past 2,000 runs in tests , the second fastest englishman to the milestone . dad stokes joins fun . thursday 's play finished with marlon samuels’ comedy salute to england’s ben stokes after the batsman was dismissed following days of needling between the pair . cue outrage from some , indifference from others and a sprinkling of laughter thrown in . stokes’s dad , gerard , saw the funny side , tweeting : ‘ great send off marlon samuels . live by the sword die by the sword , great stuff son . ’ marlon samuels gave ben stokes a salute send off after dismissing the england all-rounder . broad ca n't believe it . stuart broad continues to search for a run in this test series and even a desperate appeal on friday couldn’t help his cause . he tried to sweep devendra bishoo but only gloved it to give slip devon smith a simple catch . a pointless review . ‘ i think that goes up to broad’s no 1 worst-ever review , ’ said jonathan agnew on bbc’s test match special . stuart broad walks off after yet another failure with the bat , and an entirely wasted review . england run-out woe . you have to go back 113 years to find the last time england had three players run out in the first innings of a test — in january 1902 against australia in adelaide . england are one short of the record of four run-outs in one innings though , which is shared by india and australia — set in 1955 and 1969 respectively . chris jordan fails to make his ground despite a dive , as england suffered three run outs . jet-setting moores . england coaches peter moores and paul farbrace plan to fly straight from barbados to dublin after the third test to make sure they are in charge for the first one-day international since the disastrous world cup . the pair were expected to miss the match as it comes , oddly , just three days after the scheduled finish of this test series on may 5 . but so keen are they to be present for the start of the new one-day era , the england pair will fly from barbados to heathrow on may 6 , then straight on to dublin to take practice on may 7 . peter moores watches on , and will fly straight from barbados to dublin to make the odi against ireland . 