giant glaciers of ice may be lurking all over mars , hidden from view by dust on the surface . that’s the surprising conclusion of a study that found that large amounts of ice were not just at the martian poles , but likely towards the equator as well . it means that , if all ice were to be spread across the surface of mars , the entire planet would be covered in more than 3.3ft ( one metre ) . this image from nasa 's mars reconnaissance orbiter shows that a thick layer of dust on mars covers the glaciers , so they appear as the surface of the ground , but radar measurements show that there are glaciers composed of frozen water underneath the dust . the latest research was carried out by scientists at the niels bohr institute at the university of copenhagen and published in the journal geophysical research letters . evidence of water on mars dates back to the mariner 9 mission , which arrived in 1971 . it revealed clues of water erosion in river beds and canyons as well as weather fronts and fogs . viking orbiters that followed caused a revolution in our ideas about water on mars by showing how floods broke through dams and carved deep valleys . mars is currently in the middle of an ice age , so liquid water can not exist on its surface at the present time . however , the planet seems to have been warmer and wetter in the past . in june 2013 , curiosity found powerful evidence that water good enough to drink once flowed on mars . in september , the first scoop of soil analysed by curiosity revealed that fine materials on the surface of the planet contain two per cent water by weight . images from several martian satellites had revealed the shape of glaciers just below the surface , and confirmed most were made of water-ice . and now the researchers have measured how big the glaciers are , and their similarity to glaciers on earth . in total there is more than 150 billion cubic metres of ice on mars , which could ‘ cover the entire surface of mars with 1.1 metres of ice , ’ explained dr nanna bjørnholt karlsson at the centre for ice and climate at the niels bohr institute . she added that the ice closer to the martian equator was ‘ an important part of mars’ water reservoir . ’ there are thought to be thousands of glacier-like formations on the planet in both the northern and southern hemispheres . they are located on mars between latitude 30.0 and 50.0 - equivalent to just south of denmark’s location on earth . mars has belts of glaciers at its central latitudes - between the blue lines , in both the southern and northern hemispheres . a thick layer of dust covers the glaciers , so they appear as the surface of the ground , but radar measurements show that there are glaciers composed of frozen water underneath the dust . using radar measurements ( shown ) from nasa 's mars reconnaissance orbiter , researchers have been able to identify thousands of glacier-like formations on mars . they can see how thick the ice is on the radar images . as the ice has not evaporated into space , the dust must be protecting it . if the ice were unprotected , it would evaporate and become water vapour , owing to the low atmospheric pressure on mars . ‘ we have looked at radar measurements spanning ten years back in time to see how thick the ice is and how it behaves , ’ dr nanna bjørnholt karlsson explained . ‘ a glacier is after all a big chunk of ice and it flows and gets a form that tells us something about how soft it is . ‘ we then compared this with how glaciers on earth behave and from that we have been able to make models for the ice flow . ’ the latest research was carried out by scientists at the niels bohr institute at the university of copenhagen and published in the journal geophysical research letters . they looked at how big the glaciers were , and also how similar they were to glaciers on earth ( one in alaska shown ) . nasa’s mars reconnaissance orbiter , artist 's illustration shown , launched on 12 august 2005 . it entered martian orbit on 10 march 2006 , and continues to remain operational today . it is tasked with imaging the surface , and also monitors weather and surface conditions on mars .