mr miliband will allow scotland to set a more generous benefits system than the rest of the uk if he becomes prime minister . labour leader ed miliband will allow scotland to set a more generous benefits system than the rest of the uk if he becomes prime minister . mr miliband will hand scottish mps the unprecedented power to set a higher state pension and more generous dole and disability payments in a desperate attempt to reverse the exodus of his voters to the snp . he will unveil the radical proposals in his manifesto , due to be published tomorrow , as he attempts to fight back in scotland – a key general election battleground . but the move will lead to fears that it could again put the future of the union at risk by setting scotland apart from the rest of the uk . under mr miliband’s plan , the scottish parliament will be given the power to ‘ top up’ payments which are reserved to westminster , including jobseeker’s allowance , disability living allowance or even the state pension . critics fear that it could lead to the snp and labour veering increasingly to the left by promising a more generous benefits system . it is also sure to prove controversial in other parts of the uk , and could stoke resentment about scots getting a better deal . there are already concerns about scots receiving state handouts such as free prescriptions and free tuition fees , which are not available in england and wales . ahead of tomorrow’s manifesto launch , scottish labour leader jim murphy said : ‘ we will go much further than what is on offer by allowing scotland’s cities and communities more influence and control over the welfare state . ’ under the proposals , labour will give members of the scottish parliament the power to make top-up payments to all benefit claimants . crucially , the money would need to be found from elsewhere within the scottish parliament’s budget – or raised through increased taxation . that increases the prospect that other taxpayers could see their bills soar in order to fund benefit giveaways . scottish conservative msp alex johnstone said : ‘ this is an example of labour desperately foraging around for policies it thinks people in scotland want to hear . ‘they’re forgetting people voted “no” [ in the independence referendum ] , and don’t need labour patronising them on the constitution . ’ miliband and scottish labour leader jim murphy appear at a general election campaign press conference in edinburgh . 