some of the premier league 's less glamorous clubs face a battle this summer to keep hold of their brightest stars who have caught the eye of the ' big boys ' . the likes of morgan schneiderlin , yannick bolasie and nathaniel clyne are wanted men as champions league heavyweights like arsenal and manchester united circle like vultures . sportsmail looks at 10 players who could be taking a ‘ step up’ this summer . morgan schneiderlin ( southampton ) . wanted by : arsenal , spurs , chelsea valued at : £25m . destined to be the most wanted player of the summer after an excellent season in midfield for southampton . arsene wenger has long seen the frenchman as an ideal holding player for arsenal while spurs boss mauricio pochettino worked with him at st mary 's . now jose mourinho is joining the chase , believing a nemanja matic-schneiderlin axis will help chelsea conquer europe . morgan schneiderlin has shown this season that he is good enough to play champions league football . southampton convinced schneiderlin to stay at the club last summer , but he is now ready to leave . southampton dug in a year ago to persuade schneiderlin to stay on the south coast but it is going to be virtually impossible to keep him again given that the 25-year-old has been putting in champions league-standard performances all season and is coming into his prime . danny ings ( burnley ) . wanted by : liverpool , manchester united valued at : £5m ( compensation ) . the england under 21 striker is out of contract in the summer and has no intention of staying at turf moor regardless of whether burnley keep their premier league status . financially , he would make an excellent acquisition for a top club given the compensation for a bosman would only be around a third of his true market value . liverpool are interested - to sign a striker who turns 23 in july and who has scored nine premier league goals this season , without having to pay a hefty transfer fee , is a no-brainer for the moneyball approach . but they face competition from united . danny ings is out of contract this summer and his scoring exploits have made him a target for top clubs . burnley are resigned to losing ings on a free and will only receive a modest compensation fee for him . nathaniel clyne ( southampton ) . wanted by : manchester united valued at : £17m . after a season in which he made his england debut , 24-year-old clyne is destined to follow his former crystal palace team-mate wilfried zaha to old trafford – but is fully expected to enjoy more success . the right back , who once helped championship club palace win a league cup match at united , has been one of the revelations of the season at st mary 's this season and made it clear he wo n't enter talks about a new contract . louis van gaal has made a right back a priority this summer and clyne is the red-hot favourite . louis van gaal has made southampton full back nathaniel clyne his top priority this summer . clyne 's impressive form for southampton has earned him a regular spot in the england team . aaron cresswell ( west ham ) . wanted by : manchester city , chelsea valued at : £12m . arrived in the premier league via tranmere rovers and ipswich town , and the left back 's performances for west ham have alerted both manchester city and chelsea , who need strengthening in that position and are both short of homegrown players . liverpudlian cresswell , 25 , has been an ever-present for west ham this season and even though he signed a new contract last summer , the london club are willing to extend it to 2020 . aaron cresswell scored a superb free-kick against stoke city last weekend to raise his market value . manchester city and chelsea are interested in the defender , but west ham are hopeful he will stay . yannick bolasie ( crystal palace ) . wanted by : liverpool valued at : £10m . the 25-year-old winger has been one of the surprise breakthrough players of the season with a hat-trick at sunderland last weekend answering the call from manager alan pardew for more goals to go alongside his undoubted ability . bolasie , a dr congo international , is one of the most naturally gifted and unpredictable players in the division and a major reason palace are now an established force in the top flight . liverpool and spurs like to play with width and both need a player who is comfortable on the left-hand side . yannick bolasie has been in superb form for crystal palace this season and could be a target . bolasie celebrates after netting a hat-trick against sunderland and he is wanted by liverpool in the summer . charlie austin ( qpr ) . wanted by : liverpool , tottenham valued at : £10m . austin has been outstanding in a struggling side and his tally of 17 premier league goals is the fourth-best in the division and only two behind diego costa , sergio aguero and harry kane who are with clubs at the other end of the table . it seems inevitable austin will move on should rangers get relegated . liverpool need a natural goalscorer with rickie lambert and mario balotelli set to leave in the summer while spurs do n't want to be over-reliant on kane . charlie austin is only a couple of goals short of the league 's leading scorers and is a target for liverpool . spurs are also interested in the english striker as they look for a partner for harry kane up front . saido berahino ( west brom ) . wanted by : tottenham valued at : £15m . the england under 21 striker has made headlines for the wrong reasons this season and received a 12-month driving ban in january after being convicted of drink-driving . on the pitch , his 18 goals in all competitions have underlined his goalscoring potential and spurs have taken note . west brom 's early valuation of around £25m appears overly optimistic but if the baggies decide to be more realistic in negotiations , there is every chance he could fulfil his dream of moving to a bigger club . saido berahino has scored 18 times this season although his off-field actions have caused controversy . ayoze perez ( newcastle united ) . wanted by : arsenal , manchester united valued at : £12m . newcastle 's scouting system came up trumps when they paid £1m to tenerife for the little-known forward in august . since then , perez has displayed some of the quickest feet seen in the premier league and scored five goals , including the winner against liverpool . at 21 , perez is far from the finished article but arsene wenger and louis van gaal have spotted his potential , particularly as this is his debut season in england . ayoze perez has impressed since joining newcastle for a small fee last summer and could move on again . ross barkley ( everton ) . wanted by : manchester city valued at : £40m . it may be harsh for everton fans for their club not to be included as a ' big club ' but that 's the reality when it comes to young international players like barkley ; they are in the bottom half of the table and have sold the likes of wayne rooney , joleon lescott and marouane fellaini in their prime . barkley has been compared with paul gascoigne for his ability to dribble and hold defenders off . this has been a difficult season by his standards but manchester city , always on the lookout for the best homegrown players , believe he has the ability to go all the way . ross barkley may not have had the best of seasons but he is still a target for some of the league 's top sides . barkley has retained his england place , and would be a key signing for clubs short of homegrown talent . jack grealish ( aston villa ) . wanted by : chelsea , manchester city valued at : £15m . the teenage midfielder signed a four-year deal at villa earlier this season so it would take a big push by chelsea or city to prise him away this summer . nonetheless , a stand-out performance by grealish in sunday 's fa cup semi-final against liverpool could persuade them . if barkley gets by defenders with strength and strong running , the nimble-footed grealish seems to escape his markers in the tightest of spaces . if comparing him with lionel messi is a bit exaggerated , think middlesbrough 's former brazilian player , juninho . jack grealish has broken through this season at aston villa and is wanted by chelsea and manchester city . 