downton abbey fans left reeling that the hit show is coming to an end can rejoice – for the sharp-tongued dowager countess is among a clutch of characters who may return to our screens . played by dame maggie smith in the itv drama , violet , countess of grantham may be coming back in the new american show the gilded age , from downton creator julian fellowes . made by the us network nbc , the gilded age will be set among the high society families of new york in the late 19th century – meaning that violet will be seen as her far younger self , with events taking place decades before the first series of downton abbey . scroll down for video . played by dame maggie smith in the itv drama , violet , countess of grantham may be coming back in the new american show the gilded age . there may also be a place for robert , the earl of grantham , and his wife cora , who is american-born . lord fellowes told the mail on sunday : ‘ robert grantham would be in his early teens , cora would be a child . a young violet could make an appearance . ’ he said that plans for the series had yet to be finalised , adding : ‘we’ll have to see . ’ sources at nbc said last week the network ‘ is buzzing’ about the gilded age , which will focus on the robber barons and get-rich-quick industrialists such as cornelius vanderbilt , john jacob astor and john d. rockefeller who accumulated gigantic fortunes in the late 19th century . the source said scouts were seeking ‘ the american downton’ , saying : ‘ one of the vanderbilt mansions is a front-runner . julian wants a month off after finishing downton , but then it is full steam ahead . ’ nbc president robert greenblatt told a meeting of tv critics he hoped the gilded age would ‘ come to life sometime next season’ – which could mean it is on air as early as september . the sixth and final series of downton abbey goes out later this year on itv . set in 19th century new york and focusing on the city 's most privileged families , american-born cora ( played by elizabeth mcgovern ) may also reappear . 