the first ever drawing of the beatles ' famous yellow submarine which is dubbed the ' holy grail of memorabilia ' is set to fetch more than £10,000 at auction . the unique psychedelic cartoon , which is hand-painted , depicts the eponymous submarine from the 1968 film in which the fab four travel to pepperland to save it from the blue meanies . the rare celluloid painting , known as a cel , was used as a master version from which artists working on the film created all other images of the wacky vessel . the first ever drawing of the beatles ' famous yellow submarine which is dubbed the ' holy grail of memorabilia ' is set to fetch more than £10,000 when it is sold at auction in dallas , texas , on thursday . the rare celluloid painting , known as a cel , was used as a master version from which artists working on the yellow submarine film created all other images of the wacky vessel . the 1968 film starred the beatles ( above ) . it features handwritten notes instructing artists on the correct colours to use when recreating the submarine . more than 240 artists and animators worked full time for an entire year to produce the film using revolutionary techniques , and it is credited with helping boost the popularity of animation . yellow submarine was a critical success on its release and led onto the beatles ' 10th studio album the following year . the single yellow submarine , written by paul mccartney and sung by ringo starr , had featured on the 1967 album revolver and spent four weeks at the top of the uk charts . original examples of cels from yellow submarine are so sought after that experts have tipped the submarine cartoon to fetch £10,000 when it goes under the hammer on thursday . jim lentz , director of animation art at heritage auctions which is hosting the sale in dallas , texas , said : ' yellow submarine is one of the most important animations of all time . yellow submarine was a success on its release and led onto the beatles ' 10th studio album a year later . the single yellow submarine , written by paul mccartney and sung by ringo starr , had featured on the 1967 album revolver and spent four weeks at the top of the uk charts . the original cel is set to sell for £10,000 . ' it is a film that has stood the test of time and is as relevant today as when it was made in 1968 . the band concert is the most expensive cel sold . the most expensive animation celluloid , known as cel , to be sold in the world is the band concert by disney . the animation , which is noted as the first colour mickey mouse cartoon , was released in 1935 . in the cartoon , mickey is trying to lead a concert of the william tell overture , amid various distractions such as donald duck playing the wrong tune on his flute . the cel was sold in a private transaction in 1999 for a reported £280,000 ( $ 420,000 ) . ' the message of the film - all you need is love - is timeless . ' it is incredible to think the team behind the film put it together in only a year when at that time it would take up to four years to make a feature animation film . ' the animation was ground-breaking and that coupled with the fact that the film was all about the biggest band in the world is what made it so iconic . ' amazingly , after the film was made the celluloid sheets were sold off in high street stores for as little as seven pounds . now they are worth thousands . ' ' this is a rare hand-painted colour model cel painted by the ink and paint department for cel and animation reference . ' it would be one of the earliest final versions of the yellow submarine hand-painted - it really is the holy grail of yellow submarine memorabilia . ' since small stickers were used for when the sub travelled there are not really a great deal of yellow submarine cels out there . ' this comes from a former yellow submarine ink and paint department employee . ' it is an unusually large image . colour model cels were used also to help determine the final approved colour scheme of the yellow submarine . ' colour model cels from this film are very rare , and this is one of the single best cels of the yellow submarine we have seen . ' the animation art signature auction will take place in dallas , texas on april 9 . 