a florida childrens hospital has installed a ' catcam ' to let patients play remotely with abandoned animals . patients at wolfson children 's hospital are able to remotely play with animals at the jacksonville humane society shelter . the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys to let the children control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the tv as the animals react and play with them . scroll down for video . the toys include a long ' tail ' that swings from side to side when the user presses a button . the system uses high-definition cameras and interactive toys . children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the tv in their room as the animals react and play with them . the idaho firm behind the system has already installed its system in 10 animals shelters across the us , letting anyone play with cats via the system - and plans to sell a version for pet owners via kickstarter next month . ' play through programs like the play with cats project has a powerful normalizing effect on a child 's hospital stay , ' said wolfson children 's hospital president michael aubin . patients who are in isolation with a specific treatment or a chronic medical condition like cystic fibrosis or bone marrow transplant will be among the first to benefit . made possible with a $ 15,000 grant from the mattel children 's foundation , the play with cats program connects to 151 hospital rooms throughout wolfson children 's hospital via getwellnetwork . the wolfson children 's hospital auxiliary first started a pet therapy program in 1995 . two years ago , the hospital opened a pet visitation program , allowing children with long-term stays or in end-of-life situations to receive a visit from their own dog . ' this is the latest program to be implemented at wolfson children 's hospital to give more of our patients a chance to interact with a kitten or cat , which provides a welcome distraction . ' said pat kirkland , family support services manager at wolfson children 's hospital . ' about 20 percent of our patients are on isolation at some time during their stay , so we are excited to bring the healing power of an animal friend to the bedside . ' ' our partnership with wolfson children 's hospital began with jhs veterinarians providing required vet checks and vaccines that allow patients in the hospital to visit with their own dogs . ' we are proud to expand the partnership using ipet so that all patients may benefit from the healing power of animals , ' said denise deisler , executive director of the jacksonville humane society . the system was developed by idaho firm reachin . ' the idea came from the ability to move anything over the web , ' scott harris of the firm told mailonline . children can control three different cat toys at the shelter with the push of a button , and then watch on the tv in their room as the animals react and play with them . ' we started working on the technical side of remote control , and then an engineer went home to work on arm overnight . the next day he came in , took me to one side and said he 'd been moving the arm , and his cat had started playing with it . he admitted he then had n't got any work done and spent the evening watching the cat play - so i thought we might be on to something . ' the firm contacted a local animals shelter and worked with them to build three toys . in may 2012 , the first catcam went online , and was a huge success . users join a virtual queue , and can then control three toys and a webcam in the enclosure . the icompanion site that visitors play with cats in rescue homes around the us virtually . now the firm plans to expand the idea after huge interest from shelters . users from 90 countries played within 2 weeks playing , and adoption rates went up 57 % at shelters , said harris . the firm is now trying to work out how to fund the systems after over 300 charities got in touch wanting it . the firm is launching a kickstarter campaign to allow people to buy their own version of the system on may 1st . users can control a variety of toys in the enclosures . ' it costs us to build these things and maintain them , and 317 shelters have requested it , so we are working with as many as we can . ' the firm hopes to develop a low cost version costing around $ 200 for shelters , but admits the r & d costs are currently too high . the user is shown a live video feed to they can see their cat reacting to the toys . kitten cam ! cats at a shelter in the us play wiht the internet controlled toys .