john hartson was once on the end of a major hampden injustice while playing for celtic - but he can not see any point in his old club writing to the scottish football association over the latest controversy at the national stadium . celtic issued a statement on monday evening revealing they were ' seeking an understanding ' of the failure to penalise inverness defender josh meekings for stopping a goal-bound leigh griffiths header with his hand . celtic were leading 1-0 at the time but went on to lose 3-2 and some fans have questioned how referee steven mclean and additional assistant alan muir could have missed the infringement . celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings . kris commons of celtic appeals unsuccessfully for a penalty before celtic crash out . john hartson , pictured at golf charity event , has urged his former club to move on from the injustice . hartson had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside while celtic were 2-1 down in an old firm league cup final and the welshman went on to miss a last-minute penalty that could have sparked extra-time . but he refused to dwell on the match officials ' error - and called on celtic to move on from the latest setback rather than writing letters . ' i 'm not sure what sort of purpose it 's going to serve , ' said hartson as he launched a ' know your balls ' testicular cancer awareness drive at his charity 's annual golf day at mar hall in bishopton . ' it has happened before and will happen again . there 's a lot of disappointment at celtic and rightly so , it should have been a penalty . david raven ( 2nd right ) celebrates with team-mates after scoring the late winner in 3-2 victory . celtic pair aleksandar tonev ( left ) and john guidetti look dejected as their hopes of a domestic treble end . ' i think the referee just missed it . when you are questioning people 's integrity and honesty , that can sometimes go a little overboard . the referee just missed a decision , i 'm sure if he 'd seen it he would have given it . ' it happened to me in 2003 when i scored a legitimate goal against rangers at hampden park in a cup final . it was proven to be two yards onside and it got called offside . it was a big moment for me . ' i was disappointed for two days and i got over it , and i think celtic will get over it . ' they feel they have a right to complain , and that 's what they want to do , but i 'm not too sure what they are going to gain by it . ' hartson believes ronny deila can still class his first season as celtic manager a success if they go on to clinch the scottish premiership title - they can move eight points clear of aberdeen by beating dundee at dens park on wednesday . ' i think they will never get a better opportunity to win the treble , ' the former wales striker said . ' they got the league cup final in the bag and they could have played a championship team ( falkirk ) in the final . celtic manager ronny deila has criticised an official 's decisions during scottish cup defeat to inverness . ' so it 's a missed opportunity but i think if you had offered a chance to win a double to a young rookie manager who had not managed anywhere near this level , a lot of people did n't know who he was , i think he would have taken that . ' when he sits in the summer and has a moment to himself he will probably realise it has been a successful season , tinged with disappointment because he has not joined great managers like jock stein and martin o'neill . ' obviously they have a little work to do to get over the line but they should win the league and they should be fairly pleased . ' 