a sorority housekeeper at the university of southern california was left screaming with joy after her ' girls ' gifted her $ 21,000 to buy herself the brand new car she was saving up for . fannie randle , who has worked at the usc sorority gamma phi beta for 24 years , was driving to work every day in an old car that was held together with duct tape - inspiring usc senior and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell to show her gratitude for the housekeeper with one last gift before graduation in may . ' her car , currently , it just should n't have to be like that , ' miss jewell told atvn . ' so i was just like , `` you know what , she has so many alumni and so many girls that love her so let 's just get her a car . `` ' scroll down for video . act of kindness : university of southern california senior and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell ( r ) presented the sorority 's housekeeper fannie randle ( l ) with a $ 21,000 check last monday for a brand new car . total shock : ms randle , who has been working at the usc sorority house for 24 years , shouted with joy after the surprise was revealed . miss jewell enlisted her sorority sisters and several former gamma phi beta alumni , as well as their friends and family , to raise money for ms randle 's new car on the crowdsourcing website gofundme . and last monday , miss jewell and her sisters thanked ms randle for all of her hard work over the years by surprising her with a check for $ 21,000 over dinner . ' yes ! ' ms randle yelled before throwing up her arms with joy . the ecstatic housekeeper threw herself to the ground before bringing her arms back up again . amazing moment : the housekeeper threw her hands in the air with joy . she had been saving for a new car because hers was old and held together with duct tape . ' yes , yes , ' she said again as she pumped her fists through the air . ms randle went on the blow the girls kisses and give miss jewell an emotional hug . after she was presented with flowers in addition to the check , other sorority sisters threw their arms around ms randle . ' they mean everything to me , ' ms randle told the news station . ' they are wonderful , wonderful girls . ' full of emotion : ms randle wiped away a tear after she was gifted flowers and a check . the sorority girls raised money for their housekeeper on the crowdfunding website gofundme . second mom : the gamma phi beta took turns hugging ms randle and thanking her for all of her hard work over the years . ' i 'm so choked up , ' she said . when asked what kind of car she was going to buy , ms randle joked : ' not the red bucket i got now . ' ' maybe a honda , ' she added . ' i [ would ] like a honda accord . ' the gamma phi beta members later gathered with ms randle in front of the house she has been working at for nearly 25 years to pose for a group photo to celebrate the momentous occasion . full of love : ms randle said her ' girls ' mean everything to her . savor the memory : ms randle posed with the girls outside of the gamma phi beta sorority house .