aliens are often portrayed as diminutive beings , but in ‘reality’ they could be much larger and heavier than science fiction films suggest . scientist fergus simpson has calculated the minimum size needed for intelligent life to survive , based on the laws of conservation of energy seen on earth . and from this , he calculates that if intelligent extraterrestrials exist they will typically weigh 650lbs ( 300kg ) - the median weight of a polar bear . aliens ( illustrated with a stock image ) are often portrayed as diminutive beings , but in ‘reality’ they could be much larger , one scientist claims . fergus simpson from university of barcelona applied a mathematical formula to assume aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals on earth . mr simpson came to this conclusion by applying a mathematical formula that assumes aliens obey the same laws of conservation of energy as animals do on earth . this means that larger animals need more resources to survive , so are less common than plentiful ants , for example . the cosmologist’s calculations are also based on the idea that there’s a minimum size needed for intelligent life , but don’t factor in an alien planet’s gravity . ‘ throughout the animal kingdom , species which are physically larger invariably possess a lower population density , possibly due to their enhanced energy demands , ’ he wrote in a paper , published at arxiv.org . he said there must be a minimum body size necessary for supporting intelligent life , based on the range of body sizes of intelligent animals such as apes and humans , found on earth . ‘ as a result , we should expect humans to be physically smaller than most other advanced species . ’ ' ... we conclude that most species are expected to exceed 300kg in body mass . the median body mass is similar to that of a polar bear . ' he claims that just as it is on earth , there are probably more small animals than larger ones in the universe , but that the larger a planet or biosphere the more likely it is to have evolved an intelligent species . mr simpson said there must be a minimum size necessary for supporting intelligent life , based on the range of body sizes of intelligent animals such as apes and humans , found on earth . and , if they exist , he believes intelligent aliens typically weigh more than 650 lbs ( 300kg ) - around the size of a polar bear ( stock image ) . his argument follows that if clever aliens are large , there may be fewer of them , as they will likely live in a society with low population densities to ensure they have the resources they need . study claims aliens are larger than those portrayed in sci-fi ( stock image ) . but the calculations do n't take into account an alien planet’s surface gravity . commenting on the study , duncan forgan , a research fellow at the university of st andrews , told newsweek : ‘ i think the average size calculation is reasonable’ . seth shostak , a researcher at the seti institute in mountain view , california , added that it is not the first time scientists have suggested that aliens may be large , because big animals tend to live longer . a longer lifespan makes creatures potentially more likely to develop knowledge and invent technology needed to make contact with humans one day . mr simpson continued : ‘ higher intelligence enables the development of technologies which can sustain larger population sizes . ’ while the research has been described as interesting by dr shostak , he said ‘there’s no concrete data to work with’ and that earth is being used as a model to predict what life looks like elsewhere in the universe – but aliens may be completely different . he pointed out that it is humans’ thumbs , bipedal stance and brains , rather than our bulk , that has enabled us to thrive on earth , so body mass is only one indicator of intelligence . ‘ polar bears are large but do not write great literature and build radio towers and a lot of that is probably because they are walking around on all fours , ’ he said . mr forgan also noted that the research doesn’t take an alien planet’s surface gravity into account . he explained that planets with stronger gravity might be expected to be home to smaller life forms than those with weaker gravity , which means that the calculation is incomplete .