in his day job , he is well versed at telling his sidekick watson just how ' elementary ' things can be . but benedict cumberbatch found the shoe was very much on the other foot when he tried his hand at table tennis yesterday . the sherlock star was challenged to a game by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping while hosting the laureus world sports awards in shanghai , it was reported by people 's daily online . but despite using a wooden spoon to give the actor a fighting chance , deng still won the match . here 's how it 's done , detective : sherlock star benedict cumberbatch is challenged to a table tennis match by chinese ping pong legend deng yaping , who beat him despite playing with a wooden spoon . cumberbatch is a huge celebrity in china because of the popularity of the sherlock tv series and his skit with deng went down a storm with the audience . opening the sketch , the star says : ' i 'm getting a little nervous because i ca n't help noticing that there 's a ping pong table behind us . ' turning to deng , he says : ' you want me to play you ? ' she replies : ' how about that ? ' to which cumberbatch gasps : ' oh my god ! ' deng , one of the world 's most successful players , at first offers the star a jumbo-sized paddle in an attempt to ease his nerves . but politely declining , he says : ' i 'm a bit better than that . ' the sherlock star was challenged to a game while hosting the laureus world sports awards in shanghai . level playing field : deng , one of the world 's most successful players , eventually plays with a normal paddle . she then hands him a normal-sized paddle , but cumberbatch still fears he will be beaten . as a final option , she picks up a wooden spoon , adding : ' my mum uses this for cooking . ' the actor jokes : ' and you 're going to beat me with it ? that 's what my mother used to say to me ! ' the pair have three rallies which end with cumberbatch hitting it into the net twice and shooting it long the third time . they then have one final rally with deng using a normal paddle , which she finishes with a smash , with the tv feed edited to show the ball bouncing out of the building and then back into his mouth .