the thermometer reading mario balotelli shared on social media to prove he was too ill to play against blackburn on wednesday night will make no difference to brendan rodgers . liverpool’s manager had already gone cold on the italian , concluding some time ago that he has no future at anfield . rodgers will admit he ignored the warnings about balotelli . he knew jose mourinho considered him ‘unmanageable’ and he listened to the anecdotal evidence he received from the members of his staff who had encountered the troublesome striker during their time at manchester city . but rodgers rather hoped balotelli might be maturing with age , and he made the mistake of thinking he could succeed where others had failed in actually getting through to him . mario balotelli has no future at liverpool after manager brendan rodgers lost patience with the striker . rodgers will admit he ignored the warning signs but had hoped balotelli was maturing as he got older . balotelli shared an image of a thermometer reading to prove he was too ill to play against blackburn . liverpool’s manager was desperate too , of course . attempts to recruit other strikers , in particular alexis sanchez , had proved unsuccessful last summer and he was concerned that rickie lambert would not provide ample cover in a champions league season if daniel sturridge suffered further injury problems . he was right to worry about sturridge’s physical fragility but wrong , he would probably now concede , to spend £16million on balotelli . for three hours in his office at melwood he attempted to lessen the risk before asking his employers to part with the money . he spoke both to balotelli and his agent , explaining what was expected of every liverpool player and sharing his philosophy on the power of the collective . over the years his c.o.r.e principles speech – commitment . ownership . responsibilities . excellence – had worked with players . he would use a flip-chart to deliver his lecture on the standards he demands and , for the most part , players had responded accordingly . but not balotelli . not the player who already had a reputation for having no respect for authority , for his considerable talent or for the clubs he represents . liverpool missed out on alexis sanchez last summer and instead paid £16m to sign balotelli from ac milan . balotelli has endured a torrid time at anfield and has managed to score just once in the premier league . rodgers is saddened by the fact italy international balotelli appears to have no respect for liverpool . crystal palace ( a ) lost 3-1 , november 23 , 2014 reason : hamstring and groin injuries . ludogorets ( a ) drew 2-2 , november 26 , 2014 reason : hamstring and groin injuries . stoke ( h ) won 1-0 , november 29 , 2014 reason : hamstring and groin injuries . leicester ( a ) won 1-3 , december 2 , 2014 reason : hamstring and groin injuries . sunderland ( h ) drew 0-0 , december 6 , 2014 reason : hamstring and groin injuries . basle ( h ) drew 1-1 , december 9 , 2014 reason : hamstring and groin injuries . bournemouth ( a ) won 3-1 , december 17 , 2014 reason : groin injury . arsenal ( h ) drew 2-2 , december 21 , 2014 reason : one-match ban . leicester ( h ) drew 2-2 , january 1 , 2015 reason : not selected . aston villa ( a ) won 2-0 , january 17 , 2015 reason : illness . chelsea ( h ) drew 1-1 , januray 20 , 2015 reason : illness . bolton ( h ) drew 0-0 , january 24 , 2015 reason : not selected . west ham ( h ) won 2-0 , january 31 , 2015 reason : not selected . bolton ( a ) won 2-1 , february 4 , 2015 reason : not selected . everton ( a ) drew 0-0 , february 7 , 2015 reason : not selected . swansea ( a ) won 1-0 , march 16 , 2015 reason : illness . arsenal ( a ) lost 4-1 , april 4 , 2015 reason : knee injury . blackburn ( a ) won 1-0 , april 8 , 2015 reason : illness . rodgers is saddened by the fact that balotelli appears to have no respect for liverpool , and no apparent willingness to even follow the simplest instructions . in sturridge’s absence rodgers told balotelli he needed a striker who would ‘press’ at the point of liverpool’s attack ; who would play high up the field and in so doing set the pattern of liverpool’s play . balotelli , much to his manager’s frustration , just wouldn’t do it , in the misguided belief that he knew better . on the training field there have been similar issues ; a situation that has offended team-mates who do buy into rodgers’ methods and want to build on the success they enjoyed last season . so there will be no second chance for balotelli at liverpool next season ; no opportunity to redeem himself . rodgers is continuing to use him when absolutely necessary but he is at the very top of a list of players he will be putting up for sale this summer . he has to get him out and put what money he can recover for him to better use , if only to improve morale in a dressing room that probably lost patience with the guy before even he did . liverpool players are offended balotelli has not followed simple instructions from his manager this season .