the price is right model who gave away a $ 21,960 car for free because of dumb mistake has said it 's the ' biggest mistake ever in game show history ' and the first of her six-year career . colombian-born manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show - giving contestant andrea the prize even though she guessed the wrong price . the model and host drew carey both gasped after she revealed the true price of the hyundai sonata se before andrea had finished guessing . speaking to the new york daily news , she described how after the blunder she broke down in tears and ' wanted to go in a wormhole and disappear . ' a contestant on the price is right has walked away with a $ 21,960 car for free courtesy of a dumb mistake by model manuela arbelaez - who has since said it was the ' biggest mistake ever in game show history ' . manuela arbelaez 's mind was clearly somewhere else when she removed the wrong price tag during thursday 's show . she admitted that her body moved quicker than her brain . model manuela arbelaez , left , ca n't hid her embarassment as contestant andrea , right , celebrates her win . she added : ' i knew there was no way to fix it . i went to this dark place , and i thought i 'd get fired or it would be taken out of my paycheck . ' producers however decided not to punish her , and said there was nothing to worry about during the commercial break . she added that host carey was ' understanding and supportive ' and told her he thought it was the ' funniest thing ever . ' ''i 'm not in trouble : ) phew ! , ' she wrote on twitter yesterday . she noted that there have been many model mishaps over the show 's 43 seasons . ' there was an occasion when a girl crashed a car into door 3 and another gave away a trip to disneyland , ' arbelaez recalled . ' there have been small things like that over the years , but i think my mistake was the most expensive in the history of the show . ' however arbelaez is still mortified by what happened , telling the daily news : ' i 'm a perfectionist . i 'm very hard on myself . i do things right , ' she said . ' i 've never made a mistake in those six years . and of course the one mistake i make , it 's the biggest mistake in ' price is right ' history . ' ' i probably would 've died if that happened within the first year of me working on the show . in a weird way , i 'm kind of glad it happened now . ' during the show , when presenters realized what had happened , contestant andrea shouted out ' i win ! ' big-hearted host carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant , ' congratulations ! manuela just gave you a car ! the game is over , folks . ' arbelaez joined the regular rotation of five models on the price is right in april , 2009 . in her six-year career , she says this is her first mistake . despite the blunder , the colombian said the producers and host were ' supportive and understanding ' . while andrea jumps for joy , poor manuela , 26 did n't know where to hid and she was eventually consoled by both carey and the delighted contestant . arbelaez later tweeted about her embarrassment at the heart-warming tv moment . ' i do n't usually give expensive gifts , but when i do is a $ 21,960 car , ' she tweeted , along with a clip from the show of her looking sheepish . she also tweeted that the producers on the show and carey could n't have been more supportive and understanding . ' she wrote . arbelaez joined the regular rotation of five models on the price is right in april , 2009 . manuela was eventually consoled by both host drew carey and delighted contestant andrea . arbelaez later tweeted about her embarrassment . ' i do n't usually give expensive gifts , but when i do is a $ 21,960 car , ' she tweeted . 