if manuel pellegrini leaves the barclays premier league at the end of this season — and it is by no means certain — then he will leave behind barely a trace . inside manchester city , the chilean has always provided a welcome contrast to the emotional stresses of life epitomised by his predecessor roberto mancini but — on the field and across the landscape of english football — pellegrini has made the shallowest of footprints . progress at the etihad stadium has in recent years been slight . indeed , you could say there has been none , particularly in relation to money spent . at city , however , the fact is that the identity of the manager represents only a small part of the problem . manuel pellegrini could be out of a job in the summer , and if he is , he will have left little behind . manchester city captain vincent kompany has fallen well short of the standards he set in recent seasons . pellegrini leaves the stadium as manchester city suffered their fifth defeat in seven matches . as reported in sportsmail after city’s defeat in barcelona last month , there is no particular desire at the club to sack pellegrini . more poor results , more points separating his team from champions-elect chelsea may cause the ground to shift a little further but any decision regarding the manager will be motivated much more by what happens next rather than what happened over the past eight months . certainly , this has been a lamentable defence of the title , as bad as when conceding it by 11 points in 2013 . at the etihad there is , however , a recognition that problems are not all down to the manager . there are some issues with pellegrini . some city players think he is too nice — a soft touch who does not inspire with words or his substitutions and who displays a fondness for a 4-4-2 formation that they feel leaves them vulnerable . pellegrini has not alienated or even polarised his dressing room , however . the majority are happy to work and play for him . the more significant problem is that city’s squad , constructed carefully and expensively , is too old , too foreign and has not been improved by recent transfers . james milner is one of very few englishmen in a first team squad that is too foreign and too old . manchester city signed defender eliaquim mangala for £32million last summer and he has been poor . wilfried bony was signed in january from swansea for £28m but has only scored once since arriving . city have had a very good team for quite a while now . signing david silva and yaya toure in 2010 and sergio aguero a year later lifted them to their current level but nothing since the first premier league title has hinted at the further progress many presumed would be inevitable . recruitment has , on the whole , been poor , thus allowing established players to coast , perhaps subconsciously , without the pressure of in-house competition . football director txiki begiristain has been largely responsible for this and his contribution , at least that which we can see , has been disappointing given the reputation earned at barcelona . at all clubs , teams and players must move forward to thrive but too many at city have stagnated . vincent kompany , for example , no longer seems capable of looking after his own performances , never mind that of his team . for a club captain , his popularity in the city dressing room is limited . elsewhere , players such as samir nasri contributed when city were playing well but disappeared once things became harder . since hacking at neymar during the barcelona defeat , an act that earned him the cheapest of yellow cards , the france international has played only 13 minutes of two games . it is understood that the two things are not unrelated . nasri is just one who may fret a little about his future this summer . txiki begiristain ( left ) has failed to live up to his reputation , and manchester city 's recruitment has been poor . stevan jovetic , a £22m signing from fiorentina , could find himself shipped out as city try to deal with ffp . samir nasri gives a thumbs up despite city 's defeat at crystal palace , and the frenchman 's poor form . wary of financial fair play restrictions , city can not spend enormous sums on targets such as juventus midfielder paul pogba without first selling . others who are vulnerable include stevan jovetic , bacary sagna and even toure . the toure debate is not new but what should be kept in mind is that the ivorian will not be going anywhere until someone matches a salary that exceeds £1million a month . it could be that city’s climb back to the very top will be slow . they will need to be shrewder in the market and hope investment in their academy pays off . better decisions are required from top to bottom . as for pellegrini , he would be daft to think he is not vulnerable and a late-season surge would help him . odd as it sounds , however , the identity of the manager is currently not city’s biggest issue . 