the semi-final line-up for the champions league has been confirmed and , although there may be no english involvement , four european giants are just three games from being crowned champions of the continent in berlin on june 6 . with real madrid and juventus winning on wednesday to join barcelona and bayern munich in the last four , this season 's competition is one of the toughest to call in recent memory . we asked our team of reporters who they think will win this season 's champions league . sami mokbel - barcelona . momentum is key at this point in the season and barcelona are in overdrive . their early-season woes are a distant memory and luis enrique is finally getting his point across . lionel messi remains phenomenal and a certain luis suarez is hitting top gear just at the right time . barcelona 's formidable front three of luis suarez ( left ) , neymar ( centre ) and lionel messi ( right ) . neil ashton - bayern munich . they overcame their blip ( the rip in the seam of pep 's trousers ) to power their way beyond porto in the second leg of the quarter-final and remind everyone just how good they are . they have much to prove after last season 's disappointment but they are a phenomenal team . i expect them to draw barcelona in the semi-final . bayern munich produced a stunning display in the second leg to beat porto in the quarter-finals . joe bernstein - barcelona . bayern and barcelona are both better teams than juventus or real madrid and to separate them is nigh on impossible . but given the backroom strife at bayern , particularly over arjen robben 's injury , i 'd narrowly go for messi and barcelona ending their four-year champions league ' drought ' . dominic king - barcelona . to think at the start of the season , after real madrid pummelled them in the first clasico , that we thought the beginning of the end had started . now they look majestic once more and the front three of messi , neymar and suarez gives them an edge over all their rivals . hopefully it will be a straight shootout between them and bayern munich in berlin . this is the best champions league semi-final line-up ever and we might get the spectacular final to go with it . lee clayton - juventus . carlos tevez , paul pogba and gianluigi buffon - experience , goals and know-how . tevez is n't messi ( or cristiano ronaldo ) , pogba is n't thomas muller and buffon is n't manuel neuer : yes , they are ugly bugs on a catwalk of super powers , but they can win this . after all , denmark and greece both won the euros . juventus celebrate their 1-0 aggregate victory over monaco in the last eight of the champions league . juventus striker carlos tevez leads the scoring in serie a this season with 18 goals . riath al-samarrai - barcelona . since it 's been established that we do n't live in a post-messi ( 48 goals in 49 starts ) world i ca n't bring myself to bet against him . would love to see them in a final against bayern munich . chris wheeler - bayern munich . after that crushing 5-0 aggregate defeat by real madrid in the semi-finals a year ago , and the shock of suffering a 3-1 first-leg loss to porto in this season’s quarters , expect the real bayern to stand up and deliver another champions league triumph for guardiola . is it written in the stars that barcelona will be standing in his way ? laurie whitwell - barcelona . the front three of messi , suarez , and neymar are beginning to click to devastating effect and the magical allure of barcelona is returning . it would be some turnaround from the disputes and disappointments of early season , but this is a team full of players who know how to win the trophy . neymar scored both goals in barcelona 's 2-0 second-leg victory over paris saint-germain at the nou camp . laura williamson - real madrid . they might be depleted by injuries but experience and pedigree count in this competition and , as we saw against atletico madrid , you can never count against the 10-time winners . or , indeed , a certain ronaldo . javier hernandez 's 88th-minute winner saw real madrid edge past their local rivals atletico madrid . cristiano ronaldo is looking for his third champions league title and a second in a row with real madrid . rob draper - bayern munich . bastian schweinsteiger and arjen robben are on the way back , pep has a point to prove and the team have the memory of that awful semi-final against real madrid last year to drive them on . as long as they do n't take their foot off the gas having already won the bundesliga , they 'll make good the disappointment of last year . robert lewandowski celebrates one of five first-half goals bayern munich scored against porto on tuesday . jack gaughan - barcelona . i 'm tempted to say bayern munich but they 've got similar buckling deficiencies to the barcelona we 've seen recently . by contrast , the catalans have found their misplaced defensive steel , have a coach whose win percentage eclipses all to precede him and - well - possess messi . and neymar . and suarez . sam cunningham - bayern munich . i would back guardiola to outwit any of the remaining managers in the tournament with the players at his disposal . some were writing bayern munich off after their 3-1 first-leg defeat by porto and look how that went . everyone talks about messi and ronaldo , but the collective force of bayern players is frightening . oliver todd - barcelona . after a difficult start to the season they 've hit form at the right time . enrique has found a way to get the front three of messi , suarez and neymar to fire and even if you can keep two of them quiet - as paris saint-germain did on tuesday - the other will make you pay .