they are famous for their exquisite sashimi , succulent yakitori ( grilled chicken on skewers ) and mouthwatering soba noodles . but the japanese have taken their culinary expertise to a whole new level with their newest cooking series . the action in this cookery programme takes place in the tiniest kitchen in the world , and demonstrates how to make perfectly formed miniature versions of classic foods . scroll down for video . a tiny strawberry cake made with cut out bread , one strawberry and covered in frosting and coloured balls . it 's a tiny kitchen ! the miniature space videos are filmed in the bijou area . miniature space , a cooking show which has taken the internet by storm , has easy-to follow videos of how to make all kinds of fun-sized food , from noodle dishes and cheeseburgers to tagines , fried chicken and even cake . cooked on tiny hobs and mini pans , the viewer only sees the hand of the chef as they chop , dice , boil and fry various ingredients to create lilliputian culinary masterpieces . the latest video shows the chef making a miniature strawberry cake complete with frosting , sprinkles and strawberries . using a tiny cutter , the chef cuts out two small circles from a slice of bread . then , using the palm of his hand , he gentle flattens the bread circles . he then opens a small fridge from which he removes one strawberry . using a small knife , he carefully cuts the strawberry into little triangles , before using minute tongs to place some of the strawberry triangles on to one half of the bread circle . using a small icing bag , he then frosts the strawberries , before placing the other circle of bread on top . he then squiggles frosting all over the mini cake before using a baby spatula to carefully smooth over the frosting . open sesame ! the door to small fridge opens to reveal one strawberry . it 's not a giant slice of bread , it 's just a mini kitchen counter . using a cutter ( left ) the chef cuts out a circle of bread before flattening it out with the palm of his hand ( right ) . he then brings over the rest of the strawberries , together with a small bowl of hundreds and thousands and another equally small bowl of edible silver beads . he then carefully uses tiny tongs to neatly place the remaining strawberries on the top of the cake . a little ladle is used to pick up the colourful ball decorations , which are once again carefully arranged atop the cake . he then pipes in even more frosting on the cake . the video ends with him using a small knife to cut a slice of the cake before he serves it on a plate with a side of more coloured balls . not much is known about the people behind the miniature space cooking videos other than a statement on ther youtube page which states : ' we produce edible miniature dishes . ' all of the kichien [ sic ] we use , cooking ingredients , small articles arebought in japan . ' as we do n't use english , there will be the cases we ca n't answer the questions , if you give . please forgive us . ' the mini cake video which was uploaded in march currently has more than 900,00 views . he places minute triangles of strawberries on the bread and squirts frosting on them ( left ) . he then covers the fruit with the other bread circle before frosting it ( right ) . the cake is decorated with the rest of the strawberries , edible coloured balls and more frosting . 