an app which allows users to superimpose images of gory injuries to photos of themselves has been slammed for ' making a mockery of violence ' . scar booth , which is available from the apple itunes store for 79p , offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - and its makers boast : ' your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating . ' anti-violence charities have hit back at the disturbing app for trivialising , or ' glorifying ' abuse and brutality . scroll down for video . disturbing : scar booth , which i tested out myself ( pictured ) , offers a gallery of 77 wounds - purportedly real ones - which can be superimposes onto selfies so you can ' prank ' friends and family , according to the app . bulliesout , a cardiff-based anti-bullying charity , hit out at scar booth via facebook , stating : ' people have to live with real scars ... from self-harming , and suffer cuts and bruises from being bullied . ' this app makes a mockery of their injuries and what they have been/are going through . ' adam fouracre , founder of violence prevention charity stand up to violence , concurred . ‘it’s a very negative thing about the society we live in if people think this sort of thing is fun or funny , ' he said . according to the app 's description , issued by its developer appdicated , its main purpose is to prank friends and family . ' load any picture and add virtual wounds to the photo , adjust the transparency of the image to make it look like it is a real injury . [ it ] will freak out just about anyone who sees it . ' mr fouracre , who launched stand up to violence in 2005 after his brother was beaten to death in a random , violent attack late at night , insists it ' glorifies violence ' . he argues : ' when people see these pictures they are going to be heartbroken and thinking something really is wrong . ' not so hilarious : the app 's description reads , ' your friends and family will be convinced that you have suffered a painful beating ' . backlash : anti-violence charities have accused the app of ' making a mockery ' of abuse and ' glorifying violence ' . appdicated founder rory boyer defended the app , stating : ‘ scars and bruises do not have to come from violence and this app was created to prank friends and not to glorify violence . ’ although the app is not intended for use by those under the age of 17 , photos exist on twitter of at least one young boy posing in his pajamas with the app 's injuries covering his face , captioned : ' my face has been injured . help me ' . and one itunes review reads : ' i had so much fun mutilating myself and the rest of my family . i sent them to fb & fooled everyone . ' mr boyer insists that his company has not been contacted by a single anti-violence charity and says any concerns over the suitability of the app are ' very surprising to hear ' .