tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as hull fc beat widnes 22-8 to make it back-to-back wins for the first time since last june . lineham scored a treble in a losing cause at castleford last month but his efforts on friday night settled a drab contest at the kc stadium . the 22-year-old winger showed good opportunism and no little speed on two occasions to pluck passes out of the air and race over 90 metres to add to his early opener . the hat-trick puts him out in front as super league 's most prolific finisher in 2015 . tom lineham scored two interception tries in an eye-catching hat-trick as hull fc beat widnes 22-8 . jamie shaul went over late on to make sure of the two competition points for hull , with tries from kevin brown and patrick ah van unable to prevent widnes from falling to a fifth away defeat out of five . it was a third match in nine days for both sides , although widnes had reason to feel more hard done by after their easter monday trip to catalans . ah van had an early opportunity to give the vikings an extra spring in their step but a foot in touch saw his effort ruled out , although rhys hanbury 's pass was forward in any case . there was no doubt when lineham slid over in the corner at the other end after shaul had spun out of a tackle and found his winger with a nice cut-out pass . the vikings were defending doggedly near their own line to prevent a second hull try when stefan marsh and chris dean were both forced off following a sickening clash of heads . lineham had a good chance to lay the platform for another hull raid following a break down the right but his pass was intercepted by former black and whites hooker aaron heremaia . widnes worked their way downfield and were back level when brown , whose high kick in the build-up appeared to have gone forward off ah van , forced the ball down from dummy half . the vikings lost a third player as lloyd white hobbled off , but they thought they had edged in front when joe mellor touched down his own dab through , only for the video referee to correctly rule a knock-on . what might have been a half-time lead turned into a six-point deficit as lineham intercepted brown 's pass and raced 95 metres for a try which took him level with castleford 's justin carney on nine for the season . and he was out on his own as leading try scorer when he repeated the trick just after the break , hanbury the victim on this occasion as he tried to find ah van 10 metres from the hull line . lineham almost turned provider on the hour mark but his wild pass could not be taken in by shaul . jordan rankin was then wide with a 40-metre penalty attempt after play had been brought back for a shoulder charge by eamon o'carroll . but hull did not have to wait too much longer for their next points as rankin 's grubber kick hit a post and sat up perfectly for shaul to slide over . widnes , who saw gil dudson held up over the line earlier in the half , gave themselves some hope when ah van finished spectacularly in the corner , but it proved no more than a consolation .