archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of a 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second ottoman-habsburg war . they believe the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central europe - may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683 . in a country where cows dominate the rural landscape , the discovery in an austrian cellar shocked scientists . the researchers described it as a ' sunken ship in the desert ' . archaeologists have uncovered the complete skeleton of an ' alien ' 17th-century camel that was likely used in the second ottoman-habsburg war . they believe the camel - the first intact camel skeleton found in central europe - may have been left in the town of tulln for trading after the siege of vienna in 1683 . genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a bactrian-dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the ottoman army at the time . ' the partly excavated skeleton was at first suspected to be a large horse or cattle , ' said alfred galik , a researcher at the university of veterinary medicine vienna . ' but one look at the cervical vertebrae , the lower jaw and the metacarpal bones immediately revealed that this was a camel . ' the camel was male , around seven years old and most likely castrated . the camel was male , around seven years old and most likely castrated . along with dna evidence , the shape of the animal 's skull indicated it was a hybrid . the cross-breed camel had been most likely used as a riding and transport animal by the ottoman army during the siege of vienna in 1683 . pictured are various views of the camel's metacarpus , which is part of its legs . the battle that took place on 11 september 1683 after vienna had been seiged by the ottoman empire for two months . it was won by the holy roman empire of the german nation against the invading ottoman empire . historians claim the battle marked the turning-point in the ottoman–habsburg wars , a 300-year struggle between the holy roman empire and the ottoman empire . the loot that fell into the hands of the holy league troops and the viennese was large . king john sobieski vividly described in a letter to his wife a few days after the battle : ' ours are treasures unheard of ... tents , sheep , cattle and no small number of camels ... it is victory as nobody ever knew before . ' galik and his team also said the cross-breed camel had been most likely used as a riding and transport animal by the ottoman army during the siege of vienna in 1683 . the remarkable find was made during an archaeological dig that took place amid preparations for a new shopping centre in the town . if modern-day scientists were stumped by the find , it would have been an even greater shock for residents of 17th-century tulln . ' the animal was certainly exotic for the people of tulln . they probably did n't know what to feed it or whether one could eat it , ' galik said . while roman-era camel bones occasionally surface in austria , serbia and belgium , the tulln discovery was the first complete camel skeleton to emerge in central europe . ' this means that the animal was not killed and then butchered . it may have been acquired as part of an exchange , ' said galik . the remarkable find was made during an archaeological dig that took place amid preparations for a new shopping centre in the town . pictured the camel's shoulder blades . in addition to horses , the ottoman army also used camels for transportation and as riding animals . in cases of scarcity , the soldiers also ate the animal 's flesh . the camel was likely used in the 1683 battle of vienna , which took place on 11 september after vienna had been seiged by the ottoman empire for two months . it was won by the holy roman empire of the german nation against the invading ottoman empire . historians claim the battle marked the turning-point in the ottoman–habsburg wars , a 300-year struggle between the holy roman empire and the ottoman empire . the loot that fell into the hands of the holy league troops and the viennese was large . king john sobieski vividly described in a letter to his wife a few days after the battle : ' ours are treasures unheard of ... tents , sheep , cattle and no small number of camels ... it is victory as nobody ever knew before . ' in a country where cows dominate the rural landscape , the discovery in an austrian cellar shocked scientists . the researchers described it as a ' sunken ship in the desert ' . the find was made it the town of tulln . genetic analysis of the beast show that it was a bactrian ( pictured ) -dromedary hybrid – a breed popular in the ottoman army at the time .