multiple ghosts supposedly inhabit an expensive new york city apartment building , which recently added academy award-nominated actress jessica chastain to its list of occupants . two residents from the osborne apartments on west 57th street in manhattan told the new york post of their experiences with spirits in the building . chastain and her boyfriend , gian luca passi de preposulo , spent $ 5.1 million on an apartment that features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms , daily mail online reported early last month . chastain most recently appeared on the big screen in the 2014 films interstellar and a most violent year . purchase : jessica chastain recently purchased a $ 5.1 million apartment at the osborne . the building is supposedly haunted by spirits . friendly ghosts ? the ghosts of opera singer johanna gadski ( left ) and alfredo taylor ( right ) are thought to haunt the osborne apartments on west 57th street . residence : chastain 's new home at the osborne ( pictured ) features four bedrooms and 3.5 bathrooms . convenient : the space is located in new york city 's midtown neighborhood and not far from central park . relax : the space features high ceiling and windows that let lots of light in . the osborne is located close to carnegie hall and is a few blocks away from columbus circle , central park and lincoln center . one of the osborne 's longtime residents , naomi guffman , recently told the post ' i have a poltergeist ! ' she thinks the ghost is actually one of the apartment 's former tenants , metropolitan opera singer johanna gadski , according to the newspaper . the post described gadski as ' a red-haired practical joker ' who was killed in a 1932 berlin car accident . guffman told the post ' [ me and my husband would ] be standing in the hallway talking and the toilet would start to flush . ' she also described doors randomly opening and water on the stove boiling of its own accord . retreat : chastain and her boyfriend gian luca passi de preposulo can hideaway in one of the apartment 's four bedrooms . classic : the apartment also features lots of wood paneling and design elements . macabre : ghosts supposedly inhabit the osborne , according to some of its residents . in 1971 , fellow resident davida deutsch and her husband heard a booming noise the first night they spent in their apartment and woke up , the newspaper reported . the couple earlier placed a broom close by and were already aware of ghost speculation , according to the post . the newspaper reported that the osborne apartments are allegedly haunted by architect alfredo taylor 's ghost as he takes the elevator and walks around hallways . taylor came up with the plan for the building 's 1906 addition . taylor is also known for being the architect behind multiple buildings in norfolk , connecticut . the osborne 's resident manager john coyne told the post of taylor ' i haven’t come across anything strange . i don’t know if that means if he 's moved on or he 's moved out . ' mailonline reported last month that in 1978 , the bodies of actors gig young and kim schmidt were found in an apartment at the osborne , supposedly the result of a murder-suicide carried out by young . nap time : another bedroom in the apartment is seen with windows looking out toward other new york city buildings in the neighborhood . unwind : chastain 's apartment also includes a sitting room with high ceilings and wood detailing . 