niki lauda’s red cap stood out like a beacon on the dull , grey tarmac of the biggest , most soulless paddock in all formula one . the three-time world champion is colourful , candid and carefree . when your face is the charred remains of having nearly burned to death at the wheel of a ferrari , why not throw caution to the wind or , in shanghai’s case , the smog ? lauda , now chairman of mercedes f1 , aimed his first verbal grenade at his driver nico rosberg , who moments earlier had stood in front of him rotating his shoulders and about to play keepie-uppie to warm up for friday 's second practice session for the chinese grand prix . niki lauda aimed a first verbal grenade at his driver nico rosberg ahead of the race in shanghai . mercedes amg petronas driver rosberg is pushed back into his garage during the second practice session . rosberg ended that session , as he did the first , behind lewis hamilton ( below ) , his in-the-groove world champion team-mate who also markedly outperformed the german in the first two races , in australia and malaysia . of course , not long after these words reach your breakfast tables in the shires , rosberg may buck up and take pole , but it would be something of a surprise , not least to lauda , if he did . ‘ yes , nico is definitely a little bit behind lewis , ’ said the austrian . ‘ he has to sort himself out . it is not anything i can talk to him about . i don’t know why — he is not driving as well as he was . he will know what he has to do , and he must do it himself . ’ rosberg looks on in the paddock after practice for the chinese formula one grand prix in shanghai . rosberg drives during practice for the formula one grand prix of china at shanghai international circuit . rosberg is supremely professional . there is no lack of effort on his part . it is more that his confidence seems to have been shaken , whereas it was so strong in the early and mid parts of last season . then hamilton put down the hammer , changing the dynamic for both men . at least rosberg is not the watching neutral’s only hope of a contest breaking out this season , after ferrari shocked everyone by winning a fortnight ago . nobody was ever more pleased to see sebastian vettel wagging his finger in celebration than fans whose own digits were poised over the television remotes’ off-switches , so jaundiced were they by the prospect of mercedes’ seemingly endless hegemony . mercedes amg petronas driver rosberg chats with team members on the pit wall after the first practice . rosberg prepares to drive during practice for the formula one grand prix at shanghai international circuit . rosberg drives during practice for the formula one grand prix of china at shanghai international circuit . as bernie ecclestone joked , mercedes team principal toto wolff could have the legend , ‘ the man who killed formula one’ , engraved on his tombstone . lauda , a long-time friend of ecclestone , has no time for sentiment . ‘ even if ferrari winning makes bernie happy , i will still be upset , ’ he said . ‘ the priority for me and toto and paddy ( lowe , the technical director ) is to try to win every bloody race . it is our mission . sebastian vettel looks on from the team garage during practice for the china formula one grand prix . vettel drives during practice for the formula one grand prix of china at shanghai international circuit . ‘ i don’t care about the politics or what is good for vettel or ferrari . it is not my responsibility to make the sport more interesting . my worry for us is that ferrari won so early in the season . ‘ that gives them a lot of momentum . for an italian team , momentum can be very important . ‘ the italians are emotional and it works best for them when they have a blend of english , germans and italians . they have that now ( james allison , a british engineer is their technical director ) . vettel is a four-time world champion and so is someone to look up to . they have a combination of everything . ’ most observers thought ferrari’s win in malaysia might be a one-off created by the absurdly hot weather . but the evidence from practice is that the scuderia may also be contenders in the considerably cooler shanghai climate . even though they appear not to be as quick over one lap , they look strong , possibly stronger than mercedes , on a long run . ferrari 's german driver vettel is pushed back to his garage after stopping at the pit lane exit in shanghai . vettel drives during practice for the formula one grand prix of china at shanghai international circuit . ‘ qualifying doesn’t really worry us , ’ said lauda . ‘ but they will be close on race pace . ‘ they have made a big step up with their engine from last year to this , and i believe their horsepower is the same as ours . ’ that was a big , honest and uplifting claim three races into a season that was being written off as a processional yawn .