the historical city of istanbul is usually captured through photographs of its picturesque mosques , elaborate palaces and winding streets and markets . however it is the ultimate city of contrasts , with vibrant developments springing up in the middle of the old turkish city . architect and photographer yener torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of his changing city , and captures the new , minimalistic buildings that add a splash of colour to istanbul . architect and photographer yener torun sought to challenge the one dimensional view of the changing city of istanbul . yener spends his time wandering around the city looking for bold , geometric buildings to photograph , and documents his work to his instagram , which has over 50,000 followers . the photographer , who has lived in istanbul for 14 years , aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city , as it contrasts with the ornate , ottoman architecture . ' istanbul is mystical and historic but it is also a modern city and i believe increasing the variety of aspects provides a better understanding of the city , ' the 32-year-old photographer said . ' i decided to look for something different and started searching less ornate , simpler , modern lines of the city . ' i dig every corner of the city and i spend most of my free time looking for them and finding them is like finding an oasis in a desert because istanbul is quite like a desert of grey buildings . ' the photographer captures pictures of the bold , geometric buildings as he walks around the city . there has been an explosion in construction business in turkey in the last 10 years with many new structures bringing different stylistic approaches . yener admits that he has to hunt around in order to find the most dramatic and colourful ones . while photographing the colourful balconies of an apartment block , yener also captures a resident spring cleaning . ' i usually focus on the part of the building i am interested in and crop the rest , ' he said . ' istanbul is eastern and western at the same time . it is historical and ornate but also modern too . ' i have been living here for 14 years and it still finds a new trick to surprise me and i share some of these little surprises on instagram . ' by placing people against the bright background , yener adds another layer of interest to his instagram pictures . explaining why he snaps the unusual images , yener explained : ' i decided to look for something different and started searching less ornate , simpler , modern lines of the city ' . the photographer , who has lived in istanbul for 14 years , aims to show a clean minimalistic view of the city . the bright , minimalist designs are contrary to the opulence of the sights that are often associated with istanbul . yener has more than 50,000 followers on his instagram page thanks to his unusual images . the perfect honeycomb shape of the building design is given an unusual twist thanks to one open corner in the bottom right corner . entitled ' overlap ' , the colourful shutter give this otherwise standard apartment block a fun flash of colour . alongside the photo of the coloured shutters , yener playfully wrote : ' hi , my name is yener and i 'm a symmetry addict ' .