rangers top scorer nicky law has emerged as a £500,000 target for a trio of english championship clubs . sportsmail understands law 's representatives have fielded calls from no fewer than ten english clubs . but brighton , birmingham and reading are showing the strongest interest in a player who also the target of january interest from bolton boss neil lennon and huddersfield town . rangers nicky law ( right ) scores one of his two goals against raith rovers on sunday . law scored twice in sunday 's 4-0 rout of raith rovers to take his tally for the season to 12 and has been a rejuvenated figure under interim manager stuart mccall , his former motherwell boss . mccall has been in charge for seven games , winning four , and would like to keep law - but has yet to discover if he will be handed the rangers job on a permanent basis . pushing for promotion to the premiership via the play-offs the ibrox club face livingston tomorrow night with final decisions yet to be reached a dozen players out of contract in the summer . law ( left ) celebrates after scoring for rangers in their 4-0 win against the kirkcaldy club at ibrox . midfielder ian black is one of those likely to leave and is attracting interest from new wigan boss gary caldwell . veteran striker kenny miller , in his third spell at the club , remains non-committal saying : ' i can only speak for myself but i have put talks about contracts and the likes on hold because it 's more important we get back to where we belong – which is the premiership . ' i 'm not really worried or thinking about it too much because a big part of it will come down to whether or not we are successful . ' after that , if we 've done that , then there is probably a better chance of people getting contracts . ' rangers pair ian black ( left ) and kris boyd take part in a training session at ibrox last week . meanwhile , former rangers starlet lewis macleod will almost certainly not kick a ball for brentford this season after his £850,000 january move . the scotland under 21 star was expected to make a big impact as the griffin park side battled for a shock place in the english premier league for the first time . macleod suffered a hamstring injury in his final game for rangers at alloa 's indodrill stadium in december . he 's suffered further setbacks at the london club and has so far only managed to play 45 minutes for brentford reserves since his move . kenny millar ( right ) challenges raith rovers ' martin scott for the ball during the championship clash . now brentford manager mark warburton - who is leaving the club at the end of the season - has admitted he does n't want to risk the 20-year-old and may not even get to see the youngster play this season . he explained : ' he 's coming along . we have to be fair to the player . i want him to be involved . ' he 's been out for three or four months and he 's got to be comfortable that he can commit 100 per cent . ' the last thing you want to do is put a player on with a doubt in his mind with regards to a sprint , challenge , jump or tackle . he 's very close but we have to be fair to the player . ' macleod missed most of last season too after taking an adverse reaction to a viral infection affected the muscles around his heart . former rangers star lewis macleod has still not kicked a ball for brentford since joining in january . 