a washington television reporter had to duck for cover during his live broadcast when he was stung by bees after a truck carrying millions of them overturned on friday morning . jeff dubois of kiro , struggled to get through his report without swatting and waving his hands around as the bees buzzed around interstate 5 . ' ay yiy yiy ! they 're flying all over the place , ' a panicked dubois says . ' it 's unnerving , to tell you the truth . ' during the unexpectedly dangerous report , cameraman damien glitch was stung more than 20 times . scroll down for videos . ouch : jeff dubois swats away one of the hundreds of bees that swarmed around him and his cameraman on friday morning in washington . ' they were pissed off , ' dubois told the daily news . ' it was probably the wildest live report i can remember . you 're trying to maintain composure , make sense on tv and not get stung by thousands of bees swarming around your head . ' all the while dubois was reporting live , tens of white-suited bee-keepers rushed to save as many of the insects as they could . the truck had just merged onto interstate 5 around 3:30 a.m. when it tipped on its side , dumping its load of 448 hives , or about 13.7 million bees , washington state patrol trooper travis shearer said . the driver , a 36-year-old man from idaho , was not hurt . the company that owns the insects , belleville honey and beekeeping supply of burlington , sent beekeepers to recover as many as possible , and bees covered their protective suits as they worked . calmer : dubois and his cameraman moved to safer distance away from the crash and were not bothered by the bees . millions of bees : beekeepers attend to a semi-trailer truck that overturned with a cargo of bees on a highway . aftermath : bee keepers inspect hives after a semi-truck rolled over early friday spilling a load of honeybees on the interstate 5 median . rush to save the bees : workers clean up after a semi truck filled with over 400 behives overturned on interstate 5 . formulating a plan : bee keepers stand next to a semi-truck that rolled on friday morning releasing millions of bees . bee keepers try to salvage some of the bee hives that were dumped when a semi-truck rolled on friday . everywhere : bees swarm onto a beekeepers truck along northbound interstate 5 after the crash on friday morning released them . the bees became more active as the sun rose and the weather warmed , and firefighters had to spray a layer of foam on some of the boxes , killing the insects for safety . many of the hives were still along the highway more than seven hours after the accident , when a front-end loader began scooping them up and dumping them into a dump truck , shearer said . the majority of the hives had been crushed . ' i 'm sure they 'll take that somewhere and try to save as many as they can , but they can do that someplace safer , away from the i-5 corridor , ' he said . the bees were being transported from sunnyside , in central washington , to a blueberry farm in lynden , a city near the canadian border about 100 miles north of seattle , shearer said . the company that owns the insects sent beekeepers to recover as many as possible before the firefighters drowned them with foam . foam : beekeepers wait to start clearing out the scene of semi-trailer truck that overturned with a cargo of bees . the bees became more active as the sun rose and the weather warmed , and firefighters had to spray a layer of foam on some of the boxes , killing the insects for safety . first responders and reporters alike swatted at the bees as they tried to do their jobs . ' i think everybody there got stung , ' shearer said . seattle television station kiro posted a video compilation of its on-scene reporter swatting the insects as he reported on the accident . shearer urged drivers to keep their windows up and to ' ( hash ) beesafe when traveling through that area , ' as he wrote on twitter . a man who answered the phone at the beekeeping company said he could n't immediately answer any questions related to the accident .