floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao will be the biggest fight of all time financially and the most significant this century . evaluating the greatest ever fights is a complex variable of several factors including not only the quality and excitement of the action but the political , social and cultural undertones , the scale of expectation and outside influences . where money man v pacman comes to rank among the most important fights in ring history will depend upon what happens that coming night in the mgm grand garden arena . in this , the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , i look back on one of the greatest sporting events of all time . the near-death fight . muhammad ali v joe frazier . the thrilla in manila . quezon city , philippines . october 1 , 1975 . just as they are saying about mayweather v pacquiao , the perceived wisdom was that ali-frazier was coming five years too late for two great boxers in their 30s . let us hope they are so spectacularly wrong again . that star-spangled night in new york when smokin ' joe knocked down and defeated the greatest had been followed in 1974 by a tamer , scrappier , points victory for ali . a poster for muhammad ali v joe frazier , also known as the thrilla in manila , in quezon city , philippines . ali ( right ) swings for frazier , who eventually lost in the 14th round to a technical knockout . and so to the trilogy , a year later . both men had come through battles with george foreman , frazier losing and ali famously winning the rumble in the jungle in zaire . george foreman v muhammad ali . october 30 , 1974 , kinshasa , zaire . joe frazier v muhammad ali . march 8 , 1971 , madison square garden , new york . jack johnson v james jeffries . july 4 , 1910 , reno , nevada . joe louis v max schmeling . june 22 , 1938 , yankee stadium , new york . this time don king had manila in mind as the next heavyweight stop for his globe-trotting circus . philippines president ferdinand marcos , like zaire 's president mobuto before him , saw sponsorship of the fight as a distraction from the poverty and social unrest in his country . it was ali who became most distracted during the build-up . when invited to a photo-opportunity with marcos and his infamously big-spending wife imelda , he took his mistress veronica porsche along and introduced her as his wife . mrs belinda ali watched that happen on us television and immediately flew to manila to confront her husband , loudly , in his hotel suite . ali returned to his customary psychological baiting of his opponents . he had insulted frazier before their first fight and did so again chanting : ' it will be killa and a thrilla and a chilla when i get the gorilla in manila . ' thus the title for the fight , the thrilla in manila , was coined . ali pictured alongside his infamously big-spending wife mrs belinda ali in september 1975 . frazier , the quiet man , was plotting a strategy of breaking down ali with shots to the stomach , ribs , kidneys and liver , quoting the old ring maxim : ' if you kill the body , the head will die . ' ali would target the frazier head and won the early rounds while his legs were at their freshest . but it was impossible for him to keep dancing in the pressure-cooker heat , with the ring temperature reaching 120 degrees fahrenheit . as muhammad started slowing , joe began smokin ' . they would engage in one of the most brutal spectacles in the annals of the hardest game . ali was forced to lower his guard as they landed more than 100 blows to the head between them , each of such force that any one of them would have stopped lesser fighters . ali supplemented those power shots with his quick jabs and combinations and thereby inflicted more of the facial swelling . boxing greats frazier and ali pictured in the ring on october 1 , 1975 , for the thrilla in manila . ali and frazier engaged in one of the most brutal spectacles in the annals of the hardest game . frazier 's eyes began closing in the ninth . by the time he came out for the 13th he could barely see and ali sent his gum-shield flying with the second of two massive right hooks . exhausted though he was , ali went for the killa in the 14th . although the monstrous barrage which sent frazier reeling and staggering could not put him down , it was enough to bring a sensational end to an epic battle . ali ordered his corner-man herbert muhammad to cut off his gloves , saying he could not go on . but before he could do so frazier 's trainer eddie futch called a halt . a relieved ali famously said : ' this is the closest to death i have ever been . ' frazier begged to be allowed to see out the 15th and final round but futch told him : ' it 's over . no-one will ever forget what you did here today . ' frazier never forgave him . not fully . nor ali for the trilogy of insults . ali defied the rigours of parkinson 's to attend frazier 's funeral . ali lifts his arms in the air after defeating frazier in the 14th round , but later attended his great opponent 's funeral when he died at the age of 67 .