this is a beauty trend we do n't see catching on . celebrated australian designer akira isogawa sent models down the runway with faces covered in sequins at his show on wednesday morning at mercedes-benz fashion week australia . while some models were embellished with just sequinned brows , others sported an entire mask of face bling . the new beauty trend ? models at the akira show at mercedes-benz fashion week in sydney on wednesday sported a full face of sequins . the plastics : on wednesday 's akira models wear pink ( and also plastic head pieces ) . 50 shades of pink : isogawa presented a collection full of bright pinks and reds . teams of make-up artists were pictured backstage working together to apply the sequins by hand one-by-one to models ' faces . pale pink iridescent sequins in various sizes were used to create the striking look . just hours after akira 's show , models at bondi bather also showcased the sequinned beauty look . spot the trend : hours after akira , models backstage at bondi bather were also sporting sequins on their face . arts and crafts : the models ' eye area was covered in sequins and fur balls , which also embellished their nails . bejewelled : imogen anthony , who starred in the bondi bather show , had her entire forehead bedazzled with sequins . backstage , the beauties posed for pictures with faces embellished with colourful sequins and beads , as well as fur balls , which also adorned their nails . akira . during the akira isogawa show , elaborate head wear also served to accesorise the rainbow bright collection , which featured a plethora of reds and pinks , as well as intricate prints . a hydrangea print in cornflour blue also featured , alongside a purple , khaki green , blue and yellow paisley print , adding a summery , floral note to the hot , indian pinks previously seen . mask : pale pink sequins in various sizes were used to create the look . it takes a village : make-up teams worked together backstage to apply the sequins one by one . all about the brow : some models with just sequinned brows . oriental patterns added another line to isogawa 's runway , with olive green , red , black and white meshed in with stripes , jacquard and chinese dragons . couture dresses with hessian , chiffon and silk were paired with eye popping orange trenches and cream tulle headpieces . and a butter cup yellow geometric two piece also made an appearance . the ensembles were completed with models wearing red cable knit socks and the odd adidas infinite trainers , coordinating nicely with the model 's coral lips . hello hydrangeas : a blue hydrangea print dress featured alongside a shawl of real hydrangea flowers at akira . sock it to her : red cable knit socks and adidas infinite trainers were the foot wear of choice on the runway . sway this way : apricot and cream gowns floated and sashayed across the akira catwalk . rectangular runway : a model wore a butter cup yellow two piece with fringed top and three quarter pants at akira . dragon slayer : chinese dragon prints were used as corset belts in akira 's traditional pieces . steven khalil . meanwhile , steven khalil showcased breathtaking bridal couture and stunning evening wear in his show on wednesday at carriageworks . the designer 's elaborate wedding gowns featured full skirts with plunging necklines , and intricate embellishments . the presentation was packed with show stoppers , with sheer metallic fabrics over bodysuits and heady beading on evening gowns . down the aisle : steven khalil presented a show-stopping wedding dress at his show on wednesday . bridal : steven khalil dazzled with his intricate creations . details : sheer metallic fabrics and heavy beading were key features amongst the evening wear . kate sylvester . kate sylvester showcased delicate , ladylike designs in a ' romeo and juliet'-inspired collection . see-through lace dresses contrasted with floral prints and understated separates . some models walked the runway sporting shoulder armour in gold , while others wore the ; just got out of bed ' trend well in slouchy striped suits . armour : a few of the models at kate sylvester sported shoulder plates . lovely in lace : sylvester also presented see-through lace dresses in a variety of cuts and colours . stripes in style : laid-back wrap dresses and pyjama-style slouchy separates also featured . inspiration : a mood board backstage instructed models to look as though ' you are madly in love , doomed to die , but you are so beautiful and so cool that you do not give a damn ' . a mood board backstage set the tone for models . it read : ' you are madly in love , you are doomed to die , but you are so beautiful and so cool that you do not give a damn . ' jennifer kate . in the afternoon , jennifer kate sent models down a runway strewn with white confetti . understated leather separates in pastel hues were the focus , with cropped and crossover tops , skater skirts , and a-line skirts all featuring . cropped leather : jennifer kate showed cropped leather with skater skirts in pastel hues . luxe : tan and grey leathers also featured , paired with stark white shoes . bondi bather . it was all about cheeky swimwear for bondi bather , who collaborated with hello kitty on their new collection . imogen anthony acted as creative director for the show and also starred on the runway . models ' faces were bedazzled with sequins , while their hair was slicked back in a tight high ponytail . hello kitty : bondi bather teamed up with hello kitty to create bikinis and one-pieces bearing the iconic logo . tribal influence : at ixiah , contemporary wares were accessorised with slick hair . a week of fun : mercedes-benz fashion week australia kicked off last thursday and will conclude on april 16 . 