a tribunal found cambridge graduate svetlana lokhova , 33 , was a ' resilient person ' driven to a mental breakdown by work colleagues at the bank . a high-flying banker falsely branded ‘ crazy miss cokehead’ has been awarded £3.2million after her career was destroyed by sexist taunts . cambridge graduate svetlana lokhova was driven to a breakdown by a campaign of sexual harassment by bullying male colleagues , an employment tribunal found . workmates falsely accused her of being a cocaine user , dubbed her ‘ miss bonkers’ , and said she was hired by the bank only because of her looks . miss lokhova , 33 , the only woman in her team , won her legal claim that she was the victim of sexual harassment and unfairly forced to leave her £750,000-a-year role . she was awarded £3.14million for lost earnings , £44,000 for hurt feelings and £15,000 in aggravated damages by judges at the central london employment tribunal . they ruled she was a ‘ resilient person’ who had suffered ‘disgraceful’ harassment and victimisation by colleagues in the london branch of russian-based sberbank cib . miss lokhova said her reputation was ‘shredded’ by the taunts and slurs , which meant she could never get another job in financial services . she has been unable to work for more than three years and the tribunal said it accepted medical evidence that her city career was effectively over . it heard she was tormented by colleagues on the equity sales desk of the bank , who referred to her as ‘ mad svetlana’ and said she was ‘ chemically dependent’ and ‘ a major car crash’ . giving evidence last year , miss lokhova said : ‘ my manager and colleagues described me in sexist terms as “ miss cokehead” , “bitch”… and “ miss dodgy septum” in communications made to senior people and clients . my job was made impossible . this persistent unlawful treatment has had a seriously detrimental effect on my health , with severe and long-term consequences . ’ she added : ‘ i am completely broken down and exhausted by the bank’s campaign against me . i can never return to financial services again , which i loved and where i was enjoying considerable success . ‘ everybody knows everybody’s business in banking and people believe there is no smoke without fire . my reputation has been shredded . ’ the tribunal found miss lokhova to be a ' resilient person ' but ruled that harassment by her colleague at sberbank ( pictured ) , david longmuir , triggered ' chronic and long-term symptoms ' of mental breakdown . miss lokhova ( pictured ) was falsely accused of being a cocaine addict and branded ' miss dodgy septum ' . former manager david longmuir sent an email to a client in which he said he was ‘ awaiting arrival of ms cokehead in a puff of sulphurous smoke’ . the tribunal said he should have been sacked for gross misconduct but heard he left the bank a year after miss lokhova resigned , and received a payout of about £170,000 . when miss lokhova brought her legal claim against the bank , the false allegation that she was a drug user was put to her in a public hearing , which she said had made her ordeal worse . the tribunal said it was an attempt to bully her and awarded her aggravated damages to compensate for the ‘ deliberate , planned and unnecessary misuse of these proceedings’ . miss lokhova took a drug test during the hearing , which was negative . she joined the bank , which is russia’s largest lender , in 2008 in an £80,000-a-year post . the tribunal heard her salary and bonuses increased until she was earning more than £750,000 a year . at one point she was awarded a £600,000 cash bonus after generating profits worth millions . miss lokhova said yesterday : ‘ the case has been a long , difficult and draining process which has all but taken over my life and those of people close to me . but more than three years after my ordeal began , i have found the one thing i was seeking – justice . ’ sberbank said : ‘ we are committed to take on board any lessons to be learned . '