if they did n't know it already , jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea 's next generation of exciting starlets that he can not absorb them all into his first-team squad . ' i can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids , ' said mourinho , as his club prepare for their fourth successive fa youth cup final , at manchester city . ask around about youth development and most experts feel chelsea are getting it right at academy level . jose mourinho has issued a gentle warning to chelsea 's next generation that he can not use them all at once . chelsea captain isiah brown celebrates with the trophy after victory in the uefa youth league final . ruben loftus-cheek has been part of the the first-team at chelsea and is set to get his chance next season . the under 19s won the uefa youth league last week and the under 18s will attempt to defend the youth cup against manchester city , another club working hard with some signs of success in this area . neither of them , however , has quite solved the problem of bridging the final void , converting this prized talent into first-team footballers . john terry was the last at chelsea , but one or two of this crop are considered to have a genuine chance and mourinho has promised 19-year-old ruben loftus-cheek his opportunity next season . ' next season , ruben will not be a kid in the development process , ' said mourinho . ' he will be a first-team player , absolutely ready to play and compete . and we will do the same with two or three or four players . ' some of the older ones will go on loan to play every game in the championship or the premier league , even abroad . and we will bring some of the younger ones into the process . but to have them all at the same time in the first-team squad is hard . ' i can not have a squad of 10 men and 10 kids . i must have a squad like we have now of 16 or 17 seniors and three or four kids . ' john terry was the last truly successful youth product at chelsea and he has gone on to become captain . terry celebrates after chelsea beat manchester united on saturday to tighten their grip on the title . strikers isiah brown , 18 , and dominic solanke , 17 , are earmarked for big things , but loftus-cheek , at chelsea since the age of eight , has precisely what mourinho wants in his midfield . he is tall , strong , athletic , and has poise on the ball . he is not dissimilar to nemanja matic in style and might just save the club £70million they might otherwise be tempted to spend on someone like paul pogba from juventus . this would be an enormous boost for chelsea as they wriggle within the confines of uefa 's financial fair play . strikers isiah brown , 18 , and dominic solanke , 17 , are earmarked for big things after the european success . loftus-cheek , at chelsea since the age of eight , has precisely what mourinho wants in his first-team midfield . mourinho would like extra muscle in central midfield for the big games . his experiments with kurt zouma alongside matic have gone quite well , but ideally , he would prefer someone who can perform the same defensive duties and still flex into attack with pace and vision . also , he will need zouma at centre half . pogba would strengthen mourinho 's team but what signal would that send to loftus-cheek , and the rest of those striving to graduate at cobham and the give the club something it craves ? the chelsea manager said : ' from that team that won the uefa youth league , four belong to my squad . four are my players , first-team players who train with the first-team every day and develop with the first-team . when they 're not selected with the first-team - and normally they 're not selected - they go back and play there . ' their development is easier when they 're training every day with the first-team , doing pre-season , playing some matches , playing 20 minutes or half an hour in an fa cup match , capital one cup match , even a champions league match or in the league now and again . the tall , powerful midfielder got his chance to play at stamford bridge against sporting lisbon in december . paul pogba is a player chelsea are looking at but would cost £70million , a cost they could do with avoiding . ' they belong to a process . i ca n't have 10 of these young players in my squad but i can have three or four and we did that with loftus-cheek , brown , ( andreas ) christensen and ( nathan ) ake - and solanke a few times . ' in tandem with this quest to nurture their own , chelsea still cast around the globe and are scrambling to sign 19-year-old brazilian striker nathan from atletico paranaense and 22-year-old yoshinori muto from tokyo . when these names were thrown his way , mourinho shrugged and replied : ' i 'm not working on that , not at all . i do n't make offers , i coach players . ' on nathan , he added : ' he 's a player that our structure followed , and our structure thinks it 's a player with potential for the future . chelsea are set to announce the £4.5million signing of brazilian wonderkid nathan as part of their recruitment . tokyo forward yoshinori muto is another player chelsea are interested in but mourinho is not involved . ' if the deal is close , i will try to help him , as i try to help everyone , to become a chelsea player . but he 's not a player in my squad now , or a player i 'm waiting for . i 'm focused just on my job and my team . my team i love . my squad i love . the objective we are fighting for , i love it too . ' his words reinforced the impression that one branch of chelsea 's development arm is busily signing , loaning and selling footballers with a view to economic gain ; making money while hedging its bets in case one of these players turn out to be extra special . while another branch is focused more closely on producing players who might one day represent the club . patrick bamford is enjoying a very successful loan spells this season could force mourinho into playing him . there is cross-over in the middle , of course , with those like patrick bamford and bertrand traore enjoying very successful loan spells this season and perhaps forcing mourinho one day soon to consider if they are worth a chance in his squad . but as the manager has made clear , all these players are fighting for a maximum of ' three or four ' places in the squad . it is a daunting task . 