covering aircraft in blue lights , and only turning them on when beginning to take off , could help stop birds colliding with aircraft . that’s according to a study , which found that birds responded to lights in different ways than a human might . the researchers said runways could be synced with taxiing aircraft , to help capture birds’ attention before an aircraft takes off . the study was conducted by scientists at purdue university in indiana . they were investigating how to reduce bird to aircraft collisions by keeping birds away from planes ( stock image shown ) . research showed that birds responded most to blue lights on planes . the study , by scientists at purdue university in indiana and the national wildlife research centre in ohio , was published in the condor : ornithological applications . they were seeking to find a solution to the problem of birds colliding with aircraft , which causes £480 million ( $ 700 million ) worth of damage in the us alone . the faa estimates that bird strikes have resulted in 200 worldwide deaths since 1988 . they are dangerous to aircraft because birds can be sucked into a jet engine and strike an engine fan blade . that impact knocks out a single blade and can trigger a domino effect , resulting in engine failure . incidents are most common shortly before landing or take-off when the jet engines are at top speed . a 12lb ( five kg ) goose striking an aircraft going 150 mph ( 240 km/h ) at lift-off generates the force of a 1,000lb ( 450kg ) weight dropped from a height of 10ft ( three metres ) , according to bird strike committee usa . despite this , the number of accidents involving civil aircraft is low , estimated at one fatal accident in one billion flying hours . around 65 per cent of bird strikes cause little damage to aircraft , but the blow is usually fatal to the bird . in experiments , they studied how flocks of cowbirds responded to model aircraft . they found that blue light was the most noticeable by birds , so they outfitted the aircraft in this colour . when the plane was stationary , the birds became alert more quickly when the lights were on . but when it approached them with its lights off , their response slowed - and they only became more alert when the lights were turned on . and the birds were also more likely to get out of the way of the aircraft when the lights were pulsing , rather than being continuous . the authors suggest that runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes and avoid collisions . the lights could be off during taxiing but on during take-off , to help the birds move out of the way of the fast-moving planes . and they say their method could even help birds avoid collisions with buildings and wind turbines by also covering them in blue lights . the authors suggest that runways could be synced with aircraft to alert birds to incoming planes and avoid collisions ( stock image shown ) . the lights could be off during taxiing but on during take-off , to help the birds move out of the way of the fast-moving planes . in the experiments , the researchers studied how flocks of cowbirds ( stock image shown ) responded to model aircraft . they were seeking to find a solution to the problem of birds colliding with aircraft , which causes £480 million ( $ 700 million ) worth of damage in the us alone . ‘ in previous studies , we have demonstrated that avian response to vehicle approach can be enhanced by increasing the conspicuousness of the approaching vehicle with white lights , ’ explained dr. fernández-juricic , one of the authors of the study . ‘ however , in this study , we followed a sensory ecology approach to establish a-priori a light that would be particularly conspicuous to our study species and tested the responses of individuals to this light tuned to their eyes . ‘ in addition , we showed that by pulsing the light , we reduced the effects of high speeds on the ability of the animals to become alert to the approaching aircraft . ‘ these findings hold implications for how we might enhance bird response to larger , faster aircraft . ’