looking after a newborn baby is one of the most exhausting periods in a woman 's life . you have n't recovered from giving birth and are suddenly on duty 24/7 , responsible for entertaining , feeding and cleaning an unstoppable machine . on top of this , the mothers have to deal with the never-ending conveyor belt of friends and family who are desperate to see the new addition . looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in life ( picture posed by model ) . well-meaning visitors arrive at the house armed with gifts for the baby and plenty of compliments . but while they might be well-intentioned , there are a number of pitfalls to be avoided when cooing over a newborn . parenting blogger emily-jane clark , who runs the popular site how to survive a sleep thief , which she describes as ' an antithesis to baby advice ' , has compiled a list of the ways that visitors can avoid annoying a new mother . they include bringing gifts for the mum and coming armed with chocolate and coffee - read on to find out more ... new mothers receive plenty of visitors shorty after giving birth , who often have annoying habits ( picture posed by model ) . 1 . do not arrive unannounced to ‘ give us a break from the baby’ . emily-jane says : ' we have known our child for two days . we do not need a break from her just yet . ' give me a week or two and no doubt i’ll be begging for you to take her off my hands ! '  2 . do buy presents for me ! not for the baby . emily-jane says : 'i’m the one with the stitched up lady bits who did all the hard work . my daughter has spent the past ten months sitting on her arse . my need for gifts is greater than hers . ' besides , all she cares about right now is milky breasts . so unless you can supply some of those then you really needn’t bother . ' and what’s with all the muslins ? in no other situation would it be deemed acceptable to buy someone just out of hospital cleaning cloths as a present . not to mention the ultimate insult . i can barely bring myself to type the words . non-alcoholic ‘champagne’ . sparkling bloody grape juice ! ' i have just endured ten months of pregnancy and hours of labour . do you not think i might need a proper drink ? sure , i am breastfeeding , but i can still have one glass ( yes , i checked , by god , did i check ) . ' mothers are often on the brink of exhaustion when looking after a newborn ( picture posed by model ) . 3 . do wash your hands before you touch my baby . emily-jane says : ' you may think you have clean hands until you meet the first time mother of a newborn . ' the brand new mum is highly adept in detecting dirt invisible to the naked eye . she is well aware that on every square centimetre of your hand there are 1,500 bacteria . ' and the moment you touch her baby’s face or , god forbid , let the baby suck your finger ( why ? ) – she can see all 50,000 of those germy little tossers wriggling off your hand and into her baby’s brand new little mouth . '  4 . do give support not advice . emily-jane says : ' i might tell you i am finding motherhood tough . i may say i feel out of my depth . but do not take this to mean i need you to tell me how to feed/hold/change my baby . ' thanks to the internet , parenting books and the nhs , my head is filled with so much advice that i am already struggling to listen to my maternal instincts . ' so offer a shoulder to cry on , or a sympathetic ear , but please , no unsolicited advice . ' mothers often get a stream of visitors in the months after giving birth ( picture posed by model ) . 5 . do not tell me that my baby looks just like her father . emily-jane says : ' she doesn’t . she currently looks like a wrinkly , blotchy newborn . seriously , if my husband really did look like a two-day-old baby i don’t think i would have married him . '  6 . do not gender stereo-type my child . emily-jane says : ' just because i have a girlbaby it does not mean i want to dress her up like a princess or fill her room with princesses . 7 . do not enter my home unless you are armed with coffee and or/chocolate .  8 . do not ask me questions about the future . emily-jane says : ' will you be getting her christened ? when will she go in her own room ? will you be going to the nct baby group ? where will she go to school ? ' right now , i can barely work out what i am doing tomorrow , let alone in three years’ time . '