jailed : paramedics found kyle hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the ambulance . an 18-year-old who assaulted a paramedic after he was caught trying to have sex in an ambulance has been jailed . paramedics found kyle hargreaves kissing a girl on a stretcher in the back of the vehicle , which had been called to an address in grimsby , lincolnshire . the ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from inside the property . they returned to find hargreaves and the girl , who has not been named , lying on top of each other . when confronted by paramedic michael newman , hargreaves said : ' what 's your problem ? we are just trying to have sex ' . the teenager then punched mr newman three times as the patient was being carried out to the vehicle . hargreaves , of immingham , lincolnshire , pleaded guilty to assaulting mr newman and breaching his antisocial behaviour order by using threatening behaviour towards him . he was jailed for two years and eight months at grimsby crown court . the court was told that the ambulance responded to the call shortly after 10pm on february 15 . one of the crew left the back doors of the ambulance open , which is normal practice , when he brought a chair inside for the man . in the few minutes the crew were away , hargreaves and the girl , sneaked inside . when paramedic michael newman returned to the vehicle , he found hargreaves and the girl kissing on the stretcher . he said they appeared to have been drinking . he told them to get out of the ambulance because the crew needed to take the patient to hospital . hargreaves told him they were ' trying to have sex ' . the teenager threatened the crew before punching mr newman three times in the face , the court heard . the 92-year-old man , who was still in the carry chair , was protected by an ambulance technician and the patient 's son at the time . the panic button on the crew 's radio was used to alert the police . the girl who was with hargreaves bit ambulance technician william heron on his hand . mr newman suffered a huge black eye , a cut to his nose and a nose bleed . hargreaves spat saliva and blood into mr newman 's face . the crew restrained hargreaves until the police arrived by holding him down . another crew was sent out to take the pensioner to hospital . judge david tremberg branded the punching and spitting assault on the paramedic ' disgusting ' and ' uncivilised ' behaviour towards a paramedic who was just doing his job . craig lowe , mitigating , said hargreaves had a long history of offending and he faced longer custodial sentences if he did not tackle his drinking . after the hearing , steve pratten , of the east midlands ambulance service , said : ' this was a disgraceful act , not only to attack an emergency ambulance crew while they were engaged on their duties and were trying to look after a patient , but it was also completely selfish and completely irresponsible because of what they were trying to use the ambulance for . ' we are very pleased with the sentence . we think it reflects the serious nature of the incident . ' we are also pleased that the crown prosecution service has worked with us and humberside police in being able to get a conviction . call out : the ambulance crew had left the doors open while they collected a 92-year-old man with chest pain from a property on dixon avenue , grimsby ( pictured ) . they returned to find hargreaves and the girl inside . ' it sends a clear message that any form of violence and aggression to any of our staff will not be tolerated . ' mr pratten said the pensioner needed to go to hospital but did not suffer any serious effects from being caught up in the violent incident . ' both of our staff have been supported by east midlands ambulance service through counselling and occupational health services . ' the technician who was bitten on the hand had to have a series of injections . ' both crew members returned to work the following day for their shifts , a sign of their professionalism and dedication in returning to work and taking no sickness time . hargreaves admitted separate matters of robbery and theft against a newsagents on the same day . the asbo had been made at grimsby youth court on february 25 , 2013 .