they took to reddit in their millions in the hope of pinpointing the suspect or suspects behind the boston marathon bombings , which killed two women and a young boy , and injured a further 264 . but in the days after the 2013 attack , the users of the subreddit , find boston bombers , hurled false accusations at countless spectators who had been wearing backpacks at the high-profile event . their claims - based on the analysis of photos and videos of the marathon - even led to 22-year-old sunil tripathi , a brown university student who was missing , being wrongly identified as the bomber . now , the moderator of the subreddit , chris ryves , has told of his regrets about the thread - which he says nearly became ' its own beast ' in the wake of the april 15 bombings - in a new documentary . scroll down for video . regret : the moderator of the reddit thread , find boston bombers , chris ryves ( pictured ) , has told of his regrets about the subreddit - which he set up after the boston marathon bombings - in a new documentary . theories : millions of users took to ryves 's thread on the day of the bombings , and following days , highlighting spectators whom they believed looked suspicious based on their demographics and whether they had been wearing a backpack at the event . above , a still from a trailer for the documentary , released on monday . detailed analysis : ' they were just analyzing the same pictures , like it was a where 's waldo ? game , ' one journalist says in the trailer . another adds : ' they would draw a circle around the guy or around the backpack ' . wrong man : the redditors ' accusations even led to 22-year-old sunil tripathi ( left ) , a brown university student who was missing , being wrongly identified as the bomber . right , dzhokhar tsarnaev was actually responsible . in the documentary , the thread , which will be released on itunes on monday , ryves explains how redditors took it upon themselves to theorize about the suspect/suspects ' identities on his thread . these theories , which may have appeared harmless at first , then spread into the public domain , sparking the widespread rumor that tripathi was behind the homemade pressure-cooker bombs . ' people like to make theories , ' ryves says in a trailer for the documentary , explaining how he had initially set several ground rules - such as ' no racism ' - for the thread in a bid to ensure fairness . however , as a staggering three million users took to the subreddit to join in the hunt for the killer or killers , he ryves soon lost control of it . ' it became almost its own beast ' , he admits in the film . the documentary , which was directed by greg barker and executive produced by jonathan chinn and simon chinn , looks at impact that amateur social media writers are having on journalism . in particular , it focus on the internet frenzy in the wake of the boston marathon bombings , which dzhokhar tsarnaev was this week found guilty of carrying out by a boston , massachusetts , jury . explosion : in the documentary , the thread , which will be released on itunes on monday , ryves explains how redditors took it upon themselves to theorize about the bomber/bombers ' identities on his subreddit . identification : ' people like to make theories , ' ryves says in a trailer for the documentary , explaining how he had initially set several ground rules - such as ' no racism ' - for the thread . above , a still from the trailer . lost control : however , as a staggering three million users took to the subreddit to join in the hunt for the killer or killers , he ryves soon lost control of the subreddit . ' it became almost its own beast ' , he says in the film . comparison : one person in the film ( pictured ) describes users ' analysis as akin to a ' where 's waldo ? game ' . in the hours after the deadly attack , reddit users posted images and videos of crowds of spectators at the marathon on find boston bombers , which had been set up by ryves , known as 'oops777 ' . ' you look up ‘ unlikely journalist’ in the dictionary and there’s this guy , ' jonathan chinn told boston.com . ' this guy who had no journalistic background ... was at the hub of all of it . ' but despite his lack of journalism , ryves certainly had an impact . millions of users took to his thread , highlighting spectators whom they believed looked suspicious based on their race , facial expressions and gaze - and accusing them of being the bomber . ' they were just analyzing the same pictures , like it was a where 's waldo ? game , ' one journalist says in the trailer . another adds : ' they would draw a circle around the guy or around the backpack . ' guilty : a sketch shows dzhokhar tsarnaev ( second left ) and his defense team are seen as the guilty verdicts on all charges against him were read on wednesday . the jury will now decide if he gets the death penalty . impact : in the hours after the attack , reddit users posted images and videos of crowds of spectators at the marathon on find boston bombers , which had been set up by ryves . above , another still from the film trailer . tragic : after tripathi ( pictured , left , with two relatives ) was wrongly identified by reddit commentators ( the student was , in fact , found dead in a rhode island river on april 23 ) , an apology was issued to his family . and one says : ' instead of going to police with their tips , people were going on reddit . ' the theories only stopped when tsarnaev and his brother , tamerlan , were tracked down by police on april 19 . after tripathi was wrongly identified by reddit commentators ( the student was , in fact , found dead in a rhode island river on april 23 after committing suicide ) , an apology was issued to his family . the apology , written by the then-unidentified moderator of find boston bombers , told tripathi 's relatives that the thread was ' truly sorry ' for pinpointing the victim , who went missing on march 16 . it read : ' i 'd like to extend the deepest apologies to the family of sunil tripathi for any part we may have had in relaying what has turned out to be faulty information . we can not begin to know what you 're going through and for that we are truly sorry . ' several users , twitter users , and other sources had heard him identified as the suspect and believed it to be confirmed . we were mistaken . ' plot : the reddit users ' theories only stopped when tsarnaev ( right ) and his brother , tamerlan ( left ) , were tracked down by police on april 19 . lawyers for tsarnaev blamed the attacks on his older brother in court . heroic : jeff bauman can be seen running at the side of jeff bauman , who lost both legs in the 2013 explosion . chilling : martin richard , who was killed in the bombings , is seen ( front circle ) just meters away from tsarnaev ( back circle ) on april 15 . seconds later , one of two bombs exploded , piercing his body with shrapnel . erik martin , the general manager of reddit , also sent out an email ' to apologize personally for ... some of the people on our site 's role in the spreading of this false idea about sunny . ' speaking to boston.com , jonathan chinn explained that although citizen journalism is important to ' the way news is gathered and broadcast ' , there are issues with it because it moves ' so quickly ' . the thread features interviews with journalists from established media outlets , as well as several reddit users who were involved in the hunt for justice following the deadly twin bombings in 2013 . it will also be available to view and download on other major digital platforms on monday . victims : krystle campbell ( left ) and martin richard ( right ) were killed in the blast at the marathon finish line . killed : lingzi lu , 23 , also died at the marathon , while mit police officer sean collier , right , was later shot dead .