these images show the world 's smallest working gun - which is shorter than a matchstick and fires purpose-made bullets just 2.34mm in diameter . created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds , the petite pistol measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power . the gun currently holds the guinness world record for the smallest working revolver , and the bullets it fires - which were designed specifically for the gun by mr erard - also appears in the book as the tiniest live ammunition ever created . small but mighty : created by artist paul erard in the swiss city of la chaux-de-fonds , the petite pistol ( pictured left alongside a full-size revolver ) measures just two inches long but fires with one joule of power . miniature : looking like something fit for james bond , the petite pistol measures only two inches long . calibre : the 2.34 calibre bullets the gun fires ( left ) were designed specifically for it by former watchmaker paul erard . the bullets hold the guinness world record as the tiniest live ammunition ever created . looking like something fit for james bond , the petite pistol measures only two inches long . with a height of just 1.3 inches and only 0.3 inches wide , the gun could easily be hidden up 007 's sleeve . the mini-revolver can be made to order in solid gold - with each one costing a staggering £300,000 to manufacturer , although former watch-maker mr erard is selling them for just £4,500 a piece . weighing in at just 0.6 ounces , each gram of the tiny gun will cost the aspiring owner £230 . the specially-made ammunition was also invented by mr erand and has an internal diameter of just 2.34 mm calibre - making them the smallest bullets ever invented . detail : the mini-revolver can be made to order in solid gold - with each one costing a staggering £300,000 to manufacturer , although former watch-maker mr erard is selling them for just £4,500 a piece . not a toy : weighing in at just 0.6 ounces , each gram of the tiny gun will cost the aspiring owner £230 . up close : the gun currently holds the guinness world record for the smallest working revolver . speaking of his invention , mr erard said : ' each gun has one joule of power , which is a tenth of the power of the average air rifle . ' ' each gun takes three months to make from order to production ' , the 69-year-old added . although the fully-functioning pistol was designed to be a piece of art , potential owners will require a gun licence to buy one and special export licences if they want to take it out of switzerland . this means that despite being smaller than a matchstick , the weapon is treated as a deadly weapon under european law .