a quadriplegic , former indy racing league driver got a chance to drive on the long beach grand prix road course track sunday thanks to the creators of a modified 2014 corvette c7 stingray . when sam schmidt became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in orlando in 2000 , his team thought he would never walk , let alone , drive again , according to espn . although he defied the odds last spring , driving on the indianapolis motor speedway , schmidt conquered a trickier task sunday : navigating the twists and sharp turns of the famous street course in long beach . overcoming : sam schmidt ( photographed ) drove a sports car on the long beach grand prix road course sunday despite being paralyzed from the neck down . independent : schmidt conquered a the 11-turn circuit sunday in a modified 2014 corvette c7 stingray -- a vehicle which allowed schmidt to navigate the car independently using only his head and mouth . schmidt took to the course about an hour before the grand prix and did nearly two laps around the 11-turn circuit in the modified corvette . he said it was an ' unbelievable experience . ' ' coming here for 25 years with my parents , i always wanted to race here , but never had the opportunity so it 's a really , really special day , ' he said . ' it 's a totally different experience sitting here . there 's bumps you do n't see from the tv and video games do n't do it justice . ' sam car : schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar , or sam car ( photographed ) . racetrack : the modified car includes integrated advanced electronics and a human-to-machine interface which allows quadriplegics -- like schmidt -- to safely operate the vehicle under ' racetrack conditions ' . schmidt completed the difficult task with the help of a semi-autonomous motorcar , or sam car . the sam car is a collaborative venture between arrow electronics , inc. , freescale® semiconductor , schmidt peterson motorsports and conquer paralysis now , according to business wire . arrow leads the development . the modified car includes integrated advanced electronics and a human-to-machine interface which allows quadriplegics -- like schmidt -- to safely operate the vehicle under ' racetrack conditions , ' according to arrow 's website . *based on reports from arrow . the car includes an infrared camera system , a sip/puff system , a computer system , gps technology , and a safety system . ' this is probably the most fun and less stress that i 'll see all day , ' schmidt said . ' being on the stand is not as fun as this ... in the indycar series it 's a team effort and this is a team effort with this group of engineers . it 's pretty nice to being to drive this car again . ' drive : when sam schmidt ( photographed before the accident ) became paralyzed from the neck down after crashing during testing in orlando in 2000 , his team thought he would never walk , let alone , drive again . schmidt reached a top speed of 80 mph at the track , which was less than what he reached at indianapolis last spring . but this feat involved the tricky turns around long beach streets . just one year after the life-changing crash , he founded sam schmidt motorsports and in 2013 formed schmidt peterson motorsports along with ric peterson . 