lovingly tended gardens with their manicured lawns and neat flowerbeds were once the very essence of englishness . but these days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue or to relax in a hot tub rather than for tending flowers , according to researchers . as a result , only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens , with the average one usually containing a mere four species – daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips . these days we are increasingly using outdoor space for the occasional barbecue or to relax in a hot tub rather than for tending flowers , according to researchers ( file image ) . almost 40 per cent of people , including 66 per cent of those aged 18-29 , spend more time sunbathing and having barbecues in their garden than tending it , according to the survey of 1,000 adults by the garden furniture retailer alfresia.co.uk . sir roy strong , the landscape designer and former director of the victoria and albert museum , told the sunday times : ‘ british people used to take pride in having neat gardens with lots of flowers . ‘ now they are watching lots of gardening shows on television but doing less gardening themselves . ’ typical of the trend is chris penn , a 31-year-old council officer from newport , gwent , who said : ‘ the main purpose of our garden is as a space to unwind with a glass of wine on a warm evening after work . ’ as a result , only a handful of traditional flowers still grow in english country gardens , with the average one usually containing a mere four species – daffodils , crocuses , roses and tulips ( file image ) . it comes after another recent study found that more and more people are digging up their flower beds to make way for hot tubs and outdoor spas . despite the unpredictable climate , one in ten households has a hot tub in the garden – and the british and irish spa and hot tub association has said sales actually increase in years of cold weather . a survey of 2,000 homeowners carried out for lloyds tsb insurance found that 10 per cent of respondents owned a hot tub , with the equipment in the average uk garden now worth £1,928 . and around 57 per cent of householders surveyed by lloyds tsb said they use the garden as a place to relax , rather than to cultivate plants .