these shocking pictures show a group of young thugs shooting at each other and family homes in a reign of terror which has left an entire community terrified . families on the high green estate in sheffield , south yorkshire , say they are being ' held to ransom ' by gangs of yobs shooting at their homes and cars with the weapons . cctv footage shows the youngsters shooting at properties , cars and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and bb guns through the estate , sparking terror among the area 's residents . scroll down for video . families say they are being ' held to ransom ' by yobs shooting at homes and cars with air rifles and bb guns . residents even claim one woman who confronted the yobs was shot at . a mother-of-three , who asked not be named , released the appalling footage and says she has been left ' terrified ' by the thugs . she said one brave neighbour who confronted the youths was fired at by the gang . the frightened mother said : ' something needs done about this gang - they are putting pellets through windows and cars and it is only a matter of time before somebody is hurt . the cctv footage shows the youngsters shooting at both homes and each other as they blatantly carry the air rifles and bb guns through the estate , sparking terror among the area 's residents . ' they have intimidated , threatened and terrorised people for too long now . ' a south yorkshire police spokesman said : ' we take reports of firearms and gun crime incredibly seriously in south yorkshire and this story gives us cause for concern . ' he also urged residents to report incidents . a residents ' association spokesman for the area said : ' our community is entitled to live free of fear , intimidation or damage and loss . ' the few that are committing these offences should not hold the estate to ransom . ' we have lodged a request for a meeting with the police , crime commissioner , council housing , council asbo team , councillors and prospective councillors to discuss the behaviour . ' one brave resident who decided to confront the youths was allegedly fired at by the gang . the spokesman for the angram bank tenants ' and residents ' association added : ' i tell you why you must report these goings on . until the police can prove who these criminals are they ca n't act . ' the police are human beings not mind readers , none of us want people being arrested without evidence , so it 's up to you to do your bit to make high green a lovely place to live again . ' a south yorkshire police spokesman added : ' we await our meeting with the local community to discuss these concerns and in the meantime , if anyone does hold any information about individuals they believe could be in possession of a fireearm or is using a firearm in a threatening manner , please call us on 101 or 999 if a life is at risk . '