a former portuguese detective was today ordered to pay nearly £360,000 to kate and gerry mccann after a long-running libel trial . goncalo amaral had been on trial over claims he made in a book and a documentary that the couple were involved in their daughter madeleine 's disappearance . in a written verdict , a lisbon court agreed that amaral should pay mr and mrs mccann €250,000 ( £179,000 ) each in damages and banned further sales of his book the truth of the lie . the couple 's lawyer isabel duarte also revealed that amaral had been told to pay interest which she said stood at present at €106,000 ( £76,000 ) . scroll down for video . kate and gerry mccann have reportedly been awarded £360,000 in damages from an ex-portuguese detective who wrote a book claiming their daughter madeleine had died in an accident instead of being abducted . police chief goncalo amaral ( above ) ran the initial investigation into the disappearance of madeleine mccann . madeleine was three when she went missing from her family 's holiday apartment in praia da luz , portugal , on may 3 , 2007 , as her parents dined at a nearby tapas restaurant with friends . mr amaral , who led the initial investigation into madeleine 's disappearance , released his book three days after the case was closed in 2008 . he later took part in a documentary for portuguese television in which he claimed that madeleine was dead , that there had been no abduction and the mccanns had hidden her body . the couple , who accuse amaral of hampering the search for their daughter , had been expected to receive around £1million in damages . amaral 's lawyers have leave to appeal the ruling . the mccanns told the court last summer they were left ' devastated and crushed ' by his book , which sold around 120,000 copies before it was withdrawn when the couple won an injunction against the ex-police chief . mrs mccann , 47 , said madeleine 's twin siblings sean and amelie , now ten , knew mr amaral had written a book but did n't know the detail . amaral claimed madeleine ( above ) had not been abducted , but had died in an accident in praia da luz . she told the court last july after applying to make a statement : ' i believe that 's what 's in mr amaral 's book and the documentary is very distressing to adults . ' to a child , it could be very damaging . ' asked by the judge how she felt after reading the book , she said : ' i was devastated . ' it made me feel quite desperate because of the injustice i felt towards my daughter and our family as a whole . ' it was very painful to read and i felt sad for madeleine . i also felt anxious and fearful because of the damage i felt it was doing in portugal . ' she went on to accuse amaral , thrown off the investigation in 2007 for criticising british police , of ' consistently smearing ' them . she also claimed they feared the book may have stopped people coming forward with information about their daughter 's whereabouts . a team of 31 british detectives are working exclusively to find the girl . mystery : british police shift through soil on an area of wasteland during a search for madeleine mccann in praia da luz , portugal , in june last year during their investigation into her disappearance . the metropolitan police was tasked with investigating the disappearance after her family made a personal plea to david cameron in 2011 . since madeleine vanished , every possible theory has been explored , including that she was kidnapped by a paedophile or killed during a botched burglary . others include being snatched by traffickers and sold to a childless couple and that she wandered out of the apartment and died in a tragic accident . however , not one shred of proof of what happened to madeleine has been uncovered . detective chief inspector nicola wall , who took over operation grange in december , and her team travelled to portugal to interview seven suspects and four witnesses , but have not released any information about what they discovered . portuguese prosecutors also reopened their probe into madeleine 's disappearance last year and are conducting a separate investigation to one led by scotland yard .