kanye west has revealed that he is sick of the notion that celebrities are controlling society as members of the secret group the illuminati , in an essay that he penned for paper magazine 's american dream issue . less than a year after his wife kim kardashian posed nude for the magazine , the 37-year-old rapper stars on paper 's latest cover , donning a grey sweatshirt from his collection for adidas and a necklace featuring his daughter north 's nickname , nori . in the april issue , kanye explained his ' world dream ' and noted that if there was an actual illuminati , ' it would be more like the energy companies ' - not hollywood stars . ' i am tired of people pinpointing musicians as the illuminati . that 's ridiculous , ' he said . ' we don’t run anything ; we’re celebrities . we’re the face of brands . ' scroll down for video . american icon : kanye west covers paper magazine 's april issue - less than a year after his wife kim kardashian posed nude for the glossy . close up : kanye penned an essay for the magazine , in which he discussed his ' world dream ' . after it was announced last month that kanye , madonna , beyonce and other famous musicians were all co-owners of jay z’s new tidal streaming service , rumors began to swirl online that everyone involved in the project is a member of the the top-secret illuminati , but kanye noted that musicians do n't have that kind of power . he explained that celebrities do n't even get the freedom to say and do exactly what they want , let alone ' run anything ' : ' we have to compromise what we say in lyrics so we don’t lose money on a contract . ' madonna is in her 50s and gave everything she had to go up on an award show and get choked by her cape , ' kanye added , referencing madonna 's recent fall at the brit awards in february . he went on to say that the 56-year-old legend even gets ' judged for who she adopts ' , adding : 'f*** all of this sensationalism . ' on the subject of children , the rapper said we should be thankful that we can raise kids , before noting that we should be trying to bring them up in a ' truthful world ' , not one that is ' based on brand and concepts of perception ' . star style : the 37-year-old rapper modeled a kanye west x adidas originals shirt and vintage military pants for the photoshoot . proud dad : the father also wore a necklace featuring his daughter north 's nickname , nori . sunny day : kanye put his had down as he posed in a field of wildflowers . ' when i look in north’s eyes , i’m happy about every mistake i’ve ever made , ' the father-of-one said . 'i’m happy that i fought to bring some type of reality to this world we choose to stay in right now , driven by brands and corporations . ' in addition to striving to bring reality to the world , kanye said that he is a proponent of people following their dreams , advocating that a ' little self-belief can go a long way ' . ' i think the scariest thing about me is the fact that i just believe , ' he said . ' i believe awesome is possible and i believe that beauty is important . ' and while kanye said that beauty is ' undermined by our current corporate culture ' , he added that he also sees money as something that is ' equally important ' - even though ' artists have been brainwashed to look at it as a bad thing ' . mentoring younger artists , such as drake , a $ ap rocky , kendrick lamar and taylor swift , is of the utmost importance to kanye because he said it will help ' make better music in the future ' . turn around : the musician was also photographed with his back to the camera . true artist : kanye showed his kanye west x adidas originals fall 2015 collection ( pictured ) at new york fashion week in february . fatherly love : kanye said that when he looks into his daughter north 's eyes ( pictured ) he is ' happy about every mistake ' he has ever made . 'it’s funny that i worked at the gap in high school , because in my past 15 years it seems like that’s the place i stood in my creative path - to be the gap , the bridge , ' he said . kanye also candidly discussed the fashion industry , saying that while he was grateful that his collection for adidas - which was shown at new york fashion week in february - was ' accepted positively ' , he found an article that asked : ''should kanye leave fashion to the professionals ? ' to be posing an ' ignorant ' question . ' the second i sell my first t-shirt or my first shoe , doesn’t that make me a professional ? ' he asked before saying he finds it ' funny to be so famous and noted for one thing , and to have so many people try to box you out of another form of art . ' when it comes to his love of fashion , kanye explained he wants to be as close to as a kid as possible , because when children say that they like something , they are n't looking for a ' thumbs up ' or a ' thumbs down ' , they are just sharing their admiration . ' fashion is something that’s in my heart to do - in my spirit , ' he said . 'there’s no world that can stop me from what i love . not the rap world , not the fashion world , not the real world . ' high-profile couple : kanye and his wife kim kardashian can be seen arriving at montaigne market 's store in paris last week . alexander wang suede antonia sandals in olive . buy now at bergdorf goodman ! visit site . kim kardashian is getting a lot of good use out of her alexander wang sandals as she makes her way across western asia and europe . this is the third time they made an appearance during her trip and for this occasion she paired them with a matching coat over a bra and pencil skirt set . this simple single strap sandal is made with soft suede and it 's sleek design allows it to pair with anything . go for kim 's ultra glam look or style them with a khaki midi skirt and white crop top for a polished safari inspired look . they 're just perfect for summer and what other better neutral color than olive to show off a great pedicure and a tan . the antonia is a worthy investment at $ 495 , since it 's been a classic part of the alexander wang 's shoe collection for years ( he issues seasonal colors like royal blue , beige and pink ) but if it 's a bit too pricey for you , we 've found some fabulous similar looking sandals . check them out below . missguided barely there sandals in khaki . visit site . tory burch classic strap 85mm sandal at zappos . visit site . stuart weitzman nunaked sandal in olive . visit site . steven rykie sandal in mint at zappos . visit site . family legacy : kim tried to ' break the internet ' with her racy paper magazine cover last november .