boston bomber dzhokar tsarnaev has been thrown another lifeline by two of his victims . jessica kensky and patrick downes , who lost limbs in the 2013 marathon , today opposed the death penalty as a means of punishment for their attacker , urging others to ' overcome the impulse for vengeance . ' the couple 's statement of compassion follows a similar appeal made by the family of an eight-year-old boy , martin richard , who was killed in the blast . his seven-year-old sister , jane , lost a leg . this week , after finding tsaernaev guilty on all 30 counts related to the april 15 , 2013 , attack , a jury will decide whether to sentence tsarnaev to death or life in prison without parole . ' we must overcome the impulse for vengeance ' : married couple jessica kensky and patrick downes have joined the appeals calling for dzhokar tsarnaev to be sentenced to life in prison rather than death . emotional : the couple who lost a leg each in the blast said their position is highly emotional and practical . moving on : here they are pictured completing the boston marathon in wheelchairs on the one-year anniversary . in a statement to the boston globe , kensky and downes said : ' if there is anyone who deserves the ultimate punishment , it is the defendant . however , we must overcome the impulse for vengeance . ' they call their position ' intensely emotional and profoundly practical . ' the victims are n't the first to speak out against the death penalty in tsarnaev 's high-profile trial . the boston globe editorial board issued similar sentiments and last week massachusetts senator elizabeth warren said tsarnaev should ' die in prison ' . like the richards , kensky and downes call for life in prison without parole or appeals to ensure tsarnaev ' disappears from our collective consciousness as soon as possible . ' the richards made their appeal in a moving op-ed for the boston globe , published last tuesday , just a day after the two-year anniversary of their son martin 's death . while the richards say they are thankful to the government prosecutors for their ' tireless and committed ' work to bring justice , they are now asking them to drop the fight for execution and sign a plea deal to send the 21-year-old to jail for the rest of his life . no to execution : the family of bombing victim martin richard wrote an op-ed in the boston globe , saying they oppose the death penalty for terrorist dzhokhar tsarnaev . the family is pictured on the two-year anniversary of the attack . clockwise from top left : denise richard , bill richard , henry richard and jane richard . moments before : martin richard is seen circled in blue on the day of the marathon . behind him walks tsarnaev , carrying a backpack believed to have held one of the two bombs . brothers : tsarnaev 's ( right ) defense attorneys have tried to paint him as secondary in a plot orchestrated by his extreme older brother tamerlan ( left ) . tamerlan died a few days after the bombing in a shootout with police . ' we know that the government has its reasons for seeking the death penalty , but the continued pursuit of that punishment could bring years of appeals and prolong reliving the most painful day of our lives , ' the richards wrote . ' we hope our two remaining children do not have to grow up with the lingering , painful reminder of what the defendant took from them , which years of appeals would undoubtedly bring . ' they say sentencing tsarnaev to death will only bring continued pain for themselves and the other hundreds of bombing victims . victim : martin richard died at the finish line of the boston marathon on april 15 , 2013 . ' as long as the defendant is in the spotlight , we have no choice but to live a story told on his terms , not ours . ' the minute the defendant fades from our newspapers and tv screens is the minute we begin the process of rebuilding our lives and our family , ' they wrote . the richards brought their three kids out to watch the marathon two years ago , and were standing just steps away from where tsarnaev and his brother tamerlan ( who died in a shootout with police a few days later ) dropped off two pressure cooker bombs . little martin died in the blasts and his sister jane lost a leg . during the course of tsarnaev 's trial , photos were shown in court of the moments before he dropped off a bomb in a backpack , strolling just behind the richard family lined up against a gate at the finish line . on the day the op-ed was published , the richard family revisited the finish line to take part in a memorial . the family were pictured hugging and crying at the emotional ceremony . the death penalty is outlawed in massachusetts , where the trial is taking place , but since tsarnaev is being judged in federal court , execution is still a sentencing option . however , experts say that the jurors may sway towards life in prison , considering the state 's generally liberally view on the controversial issue . tsarnaev 's lead defense attorney is judy clarke , a woman who specializes in helping high-profile clients like the unabomber escape the death penalty . clarke and the rest of tsarnaev 's legal team have been trying to paint their client as a gullible young man who was a secondary player in her older brother 's terrorist plot .      sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .