if the general election were confined to voting by football fans , it looks like labour might win by a landslide . red is the overwhelming colour across the football league in terms of the party that governs clubs ' constituencies . the conservatives trail some way behind , while the liberal democrats have only seven clubs in constituencies where they hold power . so if may 's vote goes the same way as the one in 2010 , labour would leave their rivals trailing in this alternative election . the football league 's political colours , based on the party holding each club 's constituency . ed miliband ( left ) can claim that 18 of the 20 premier league clubs are in labour consituencies ; but prime minister david cameron may be concerned at the conservatives ' lack of blues in the top flight . football has long been hailed as the game the working man enjoys watching from the terraces . overall , ed miliband’s party has mps in constituencies housing 55 of the 92 clubs in england’s top four divisions . david cameron’s tories have 29 . only one club falls into independent hands : bradford west , which holds valley parade , voted respect leader george galloway as their mp in a 2012 by-election . at the top table , 18 of the 20 premier league grounds are in constituencies held by labour . only chelsea , who voted tory , fittingly blue , and burnley , where lib dems hold sway , are any different . the research , undertaken by philip cowley , professor of parliamentary government at nottingham university , suggests football remains the working man’s game , so long as labour is the working man’s party . both manchester clubs , liverpool and arsenal are all located in solid labour seats . kate green , mp for stretford and urmston holding old trafford , has nearly a 9,000 majority , while lucy powell , mp for manchester central , the constituency housing the etihad stadium , has around a 10,000 majority . liverpool walton , encompassing anfield , is represented by steve rotherham , who gained 20,000 more votes than anyone else at the 2010 general election . steve rotheram mp ( left ) , of liverpool walton , the constituency that contains liverpool and raheem sterling . chelsea are one of just two premier league clubs whose constituencies do not fall under labour control . greg hands ( right ) , conservative mp for hammersmith and fulham , is the only tory mp in a top-flight team 's area . kate green ( left ) , mp for stretford and urmston , which holds manchester united 's old trafford ground , where wayne rooney is captain of the premier league 's biggest and most successful football club . five years ago jeremy corbyn won islington north , where the emirates stadium is located , with a majority of 12,400 . chelsea and fulham , holding both stamford bridge and craven cottage , voted in tory greg hands with a 16,700 majority . birmingham ladywood is the only other constituency home to two clubs , both birmingham city and aston villa . the residents voted labour by a 10,000 majority in 2010 . alexis sanchez ( left ) is the brightest star at arsenal . labour 's jeremy corbyn is the mp for islington north . lucy powell ( left ) , labour mp for manchester central , can boast that manchester city is in her constituency . labour dominate urban areas , so their supremacy on football terms is to be expected . the tories , with their traditional rural support , are not the natural choice of many living near grounds . villa fan cameron’s whitney seat does not include oxford united’s kassam stadium , for example . that is labour . nick clegg’s sheffield hallam does not incorporate wednesday or united either . they are labour . miliband is mp for doncaster north , but the keepmoat stadium falls in doncaster central , a labour stronghold nevertheless .