robert de niro has said hillary clinton should be president , insisting she has ' earned the right ' to be elected . the hollywood legend , 71 , who has been a long-time supporter of the democratic party , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ' no surprises ' . in an interview with the daily beast , the goodfellas star said she had paid her dues , adding : 'it’s that simple . and she’s a woman , which is very important because her take on things may be what we need right now . ' robert de niro , 71 , ( pictured with hillary clinton at a new york benefit in 2013 ) , said if the former secretary of state is voted into the white house there will be ' no surprises ' . he was joined by american producer and tribeca film festival co-founder jane rosenthal . she also gave her backing to the ex-first lady , saying : 'she’s smart , has run things before , and knows how government works and how to get things done . 'she’s watched it from the sidelines , and the frontlines . ' de niro joined clinton last december was they were both honored at the robert f. kennedy center for justice & human rights annual gala . his political punditry however is not something new . in 2006 , while promoting the good shepherd , he appeared on hardball opposite matt damon at george mason university in fairfax , virginia . host chris matthews asked de niro who he would like to be president in the future . the veteran actor replied : ' well , i think of two people : hillary clinton and obama . ' while continuing to build his stellar film career , he has also become a donor for the democratic party . the goodfellas star says cliton has ' paid her dues ' and insisted the democrat has ' earned the right to be head of this country ' . in 2012 , he hosted a $ 25,000-a-head dinner at the white house with michelle obama to raise funds for barack obama 's re-election effort . however he caused controversy when he said it was ' too soon ' for a white first lady . speaking at a dinner in the greenwich hotel , which he owns , de niro said : ' callista gingrich . karen santorum . ann romney . now do you really think our country is ready for a white first lady ? ' a guest at the event , which was held in the hotel 's locanda verde restaurant , yelled , ' no ! ' , to which de niro added : ' too soon , right ? ' michelle obama said the remarks were inappropriate .