a new collaborative robot ( pictured ) can work alongside human factory workers . helpful robots are typically shown as mechanical maids or humanoid teachers in sci-fi films . but now there’s a new collaborative robot that can work alongside human factory workers to give them a helping hand . the fanuc cr-35ia claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot ' to work with humans without the need for safety fences . the coventry-based company fanuc 's robot uses integrated vision technology called irvision to keep an eye on humans and automatically stops if it touches an operator . this removes the need for safety fences - a previous requirement for all industrial robots - and is said to increase efficiency and enable a higher level of automation , the firm claims . the robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs ( 35kg ) and could be used in a number of industries , from warehouses to production lines . for example , it could move heavy objects or assemble parts within a shared workspace without safety fences . ‘ collaborative robot technology opens up a new era for manufacturing in which humans and robots will work even more closely on tasks ; increasing productivity and efficiencies across the plant floor , ’ said chris sumner , vice president of fanuc . the machine is covered in a green soft plastic cover , which is designed to protect humans and stop them being ‘pinched’ in the event they are touched by the robotic arm . of course , robots have been used on production lines for decades . in the car industry for instance , many are automated so robots perform the bulk of dangerous tasks , such as welding , away from humans . amazon has already introduced robots to it vast warehouses to work along human employees . the fanuc cr-35ia claims to be the first 'heavy-lifting industrial collaborative robot ' to work with human employees without the need for safety fences . images of plans are shown above . robots have been used on production lines for decades . in the car industry for instance , many are automated so that robots perform the bulk of dangerous tasks , such as welding ( pictured ) , away from humans . some 15,000 robots pick up items ordered by customers in warehouses to save humans walking miles . the robot can lift up to 77 lbs ( 35kg ) . it 's designed to work alongside humans without the need for safety fences . the robot stops what it 's doing if it touches a human . this is down to integrated vision which lets it ' see ' human employees . it has a protective green covering so it does n't ' pinch ' workers . it 's designed to be as reliable as other robots on production lines and could be used in warehouses to lift heavy objects , for example . ‘ we pick two to three times faster than we used to , ’ 34-year-old amazon worker rejinaldo rosales said during a short break from sorting merchandise into bins at amazon 's massive distribution centre in tracy , california , about 60 miles east of san francisco . ‘ it 's made the job a lot easier . ’ the squat orange robots use technology acquired when the company bought robot-maker kiva systems in 2012 , according to dave clark , amazon 's senior vice president for operations . the tracy centre has 1.2 million square feet of space - the equivalent of 28 football fields – which are tended by 1,500 full-time employees and 3,000 kiva robots , gliding swiftly and quietly around the warehouse . the robots navigate by scanning coded stickers on the floor , following digital commands that are beamed wirelessly from a central computer . fanuc 's robot can lift objects weighing up to 77 lbs ( 35kg ) and could be used in a number of industries , from warehouses to production lines . this illustration shows it lifting a wheel into a car ( left ) and it moving a piece to a machine ( pictured right ) . each of the orange machines can slide under and then lift a stack of shelves that 's four feet ( 1.2 metres ) wide and holds up to 750 lbs ( 340kg ) of merchandise . the system uses bar codes to track which items are on each shelf , so a robot can fetch the right shelves for each worker as orders come in . workers are needed for more complex tasks such as shelving , packing and checking for damaged items and the robots adjust to their speed . amazon has already introduced robots to it vast warehouses to work along human employees . a kiva robot is shown moving goods ( left ) and another robot unloading them ( right ) , which is placed in a safety cage . amazon has launched a competition encouraging engineers to create its next generation of shelf-picking robots . bots will battle it out at the icra conference in seattle in may . ' the challenge combines object recognition , pose recognition , grasp planning , compliant manipulation , motion planning , task planning , task execution , and error detection and recovery , ' amazon said . participating robots will earn points by locating products on shelves , retrieving them and putting them into cardboard boxes ready to be sent to customers . points will be deducted for dropped or damaged good and the team that creates the winning robot will win $ 26,000 ( £17,463 ) . amazon currently uses robots by kiva systems to fetch items so its human workforces doesn’t have to walk as far in its vast warehouses . but its machines ca n't pick and pack products yet .