cpre president sir andrew motion , who is demanding a national clean-up . council chiefs were condemned last night after claiming it was too dangerous to collect the roadside litter blighting britain . winchester council in hampshire said its annual clean-up of roads around the city had been hit by new health and safety executive rules designed to protect litter-pickers from traffic . but the hse denied tightening rules – and said councils were ‘over-interpreting’ legislation . last night , former poet laureate sir andrew motion , now president of the campaign to protect rural england , accused town hall bosses and the highways agency of ruining the countryside by failing to remove rubbish . he said : ‘ every day , people tell us that they are disgusted , angry and ashamed of the state of england’s roads . ‘ nobody wants to drive through our beautiful countryside or approach a vibrant city , heralded only by discarded rubbish . ’ although laws to fine people who throw litter from vehicles were now in place , their implementation had been delayed by ‘ shameful time-wasting’ , sir andrew said . ‘ without funding to tackle the problem , i fear our roads will become corridors of waste , ’ he added . highways england – the government-owned company launched last week to replace the highways agency – is required to keep the motorway network clean , but responsibility for clearing a-roads and trunk routes is divided between the agency and councils . scroll down for video . peter silverman , of pressure group clean highways , said : ‘ of course safety is paramount but councils are always looking for excuses and this is just the latest . they are shutting their eyes to the problem of litter . ’ roadside litter has become a problem almost everywhere in the uk . disgrace : winchester council chiefs claimed it was too dangerous to collect roadside litter . pictured : rubbish beside crookilley way , stockport . andrew gwynne , who is standing for re-election as labour mp in denton and reddish in greater manchester , said : ‘ the highways agency is atrocious when it comes to removing rubbish . the worst case i’ve come across is crookilley way in stockport , which is littered with plastic bags and bottles . ’ a highways england spokesman said : ‘ although we spend at least £6 million a year collecting more than 150,000 sacks of litter from england’s motorways , we still find the level of litter unacceptable . we will continue to investigate what more can be done . ’ winchester council insisted that the hse had ‘clarified’ last june that litter-picking was covered by the same code of practice that governs employees involved in highway maintenance – requiring a wider separation than was previously the case between workers and passing traffic . 