darren bent could still return to aston villa in the summer even after his contract is allowed to run down at the club which cast him aside , but his focus for now is helping derby get promoted . bent was out of favour with sacked manager paul lambert and rams boss steve mcclaren took the chance to add the experienced striker to his line-up on loan until the end of the campaign . but with tim sherwood now in charge at villa park the 31-year-old is keeping his options open . darren bent has scored nine goals in 13 games for derby since going on loan from aston villa in january . bent scores derby 's form has been impressive for derby since joining the championship promotion hopefuls . ' i would n't rule anything out , ' he told talksport . ' i will have to wait until the end of the season to make that decision . ' it will be nice to have the option . but i do n't want to look too far ahead because i 'm enjoying playing for derby county and i do n't want to take my eye off the ball . ' sherwood 's side take on qpr on tuesday night in a crucial relegation clash - a loss could see villa fall below the line and chris ramsey 's men enjoy a sniff of safety . bent has nine goals in 13 appearances for the rams and is focussed on their push for the premier league . bent 's form has no doubt caught the attention with new villa boss tim sherwood while at the rams . while on the books at villa , the end of the campaign for bent - whether it be at the regular season 's end or with a playoff triumph with the rams - will also see him become a free agent . and with nine goals in 13 games since arriving at derby in january , after stays at fulham and brighton , he may have some bargaining power . bent has previously praised sherwood , who he knows from his time at tottenham , as an ' unbelievable motivator ' , saying villa is ' the perfect job for him . ’ he previously told the telegraph that ‘ there have been conversations ' with his parent club . sherwood has also bemoaned the absence of bent as his side struggles for goals . 'i’d like to have him here now . you can’t have enough goalscorers in your building , ’ he said .