awaiting his execution in a six-by-eight foot death row cell , christian longo believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes . the father-of-three was sentenced to death for murdering his family , stuffing them in suitcases and dumping their bodies in coastal bays in oregon in december 2001 to ' escape the shackles of domestic life ' . he then went on a booze-fuelled holiday to the resort of cancun , mexico , where he posed as a shamed new york times reporter - before he was captured by the fbi , arrested and charged . now a film about his life , true story , starring james franco and jonah hill , has been released , and the brutal killer has spoken out from behind bars . scroll down for video . christian longo , who murdered his wife and three children in oregon in 2001 before going on an alcohol-fulled mexican trip believes he can no longer be redeemed for his horrific crimes . he is pictured during his defense testimony before he was sentenced to death . a film about his life starring jonah hill as former new york times journalist mike finkel ( left ) has been released . the murderer is being played by james franco ( right ) . writing letters to people from oregon state penitentiary in salem , he says guilt is a ' pervasive part of my daily existence , the reality that all my frequent nightmares are made from . ' but i realize i ca n't do anything about it now , except to try to live as positively as possible with a view that i do n't deserve the breaths i get to take ... i do n't feel that i can be redeemed . ' i believe that some actions are so terrible that nothing can ever atone for them . ' the case began to unravel when the body of longo 's four-year-old son zachary was discovered on december 19 , 2001 . a pillowcase filled with rocks had been tied to his leg . his sister sadie , three , was found three days later . then the remains of his wife , mary jane , 34 , and a third sibling madison , two were retrieved on december 27 . the pair were found stuffed inside a suitcase weighted down by dumbbells . as soon as the bodies were found in coastal areas near the family 's condominium , longo became the prime suspect . but he had disappeared south of the border and assumed the identity of mike finkel , a new york times journalist who had been fired for inventing a character in a piece about the african slave trade . after snorkeling , swigging beer , hitting nightclubs and romancing a german woman he had met , he was spotted . his wife mary jane ( top left ) and his three children zach , four ( far right ) , sadie , three ( center ) , and two-year-old madison were all killed , stuffed in bags or suitcases , weighed down and then thrown in rivers . prosecutors say longo ( top right ) killed his family to ' escape the shackles of domestic life ' . longo ( left ) is played by franco in the movie which is based on the relationship he built with shamed new york times journalist mike finkel - who fabricated a story . plastic-covered photos of mary jane ( left ) , and her children sit on the dock at a makeshift memorial in newport , oregon . the fbi transferred him stateside , where he was arrested and charged with murder . he was found guilty after a month-long trial and sentenced to death . true story is based by finkel , who formed an unlikely friendship with longo . what unfolds is a complex relationship as finkel , played by jonah hill , meets franco 's longo , an oregon man awaiting trial for brutally killing his wife and three children . the two men find common ground in writing but the dynamic wavers as each man struggles with his search for intellectual credibility . finkel told people : ' the scariest thing about him is that there is nothing scary about him . ' he 's a witty , very intelligent guy , and i 'm still completely flummoxed by what drove him . i do n't believe in the death penalty , but i believe he belongs exactly where he is . he 's despicable to the core . ' in preparation for the film he dined with jonah hill in new york , but in a recent interview with his former employer , conducted after he had seen the film , finkel claimed some of the scenes had been fabricated . he also visited the set once as longo 's trial was being recreated , an experience he admitted was traumatic . finkel told the times : ' it brought back some very uncomfortable flashbacks . i never forget at the heart of this story is three murdered children and a murdered wife . that 's the nature of this material - it 's tragic , creepy and compelling . ' longo travelled to mexico and assumed the identity of shamed new york times reporter mike finkel . after learning of the alias , finkel travelled to oregon state penitentiary in salem to meet the murderer . the film true story is based on his experiences and the unlikely friendship he struck up . the journalist still keeps in contact with longo on a regular basis . the prisoner calls him on the first sunday of every month . ' there 's always this internal tug of war over whether i should pick up the phone or not , but i usually do , ' finkel added . in january , franco , who is playing the killer , said : ' he 's probably the worst person that i 've ever played , just because i have such a great family and there 's just something so horrible about killing your kids . so i have very little connection to him . ' to prepare , franco watched tapes of longo testifying at his 2003 trial , which he called ' chilling , ' but he opted not to visit the convicted killer currently on death row . ' there was no need to go and meet him , and i certainly did n't want to give him any attention or validation by doing that . ' from his cell is campaigning to donate his organs after he is executed in an attempt to repay society . in 2011 , he was denied a request to drop his appeals in exchange for being allowed to donate organs and donation officials have labelled the idea ' morally reprehensible ' . ' why go out and waste your organs when you have the potential to go out and save six to 12 lives ? ' longo said from his cell . a moratorium on executions has been in place in oregon since 2011 . while longo awaits his death sentence , he is locked in a cell for 21 hours a day . silk flowers and a sign saying ' pray for justice ' adorn the highway 34 bridge on the edge of alsea bay in waldport , oregon , in a picture taken in october 2002 . 