violent protesters in baltimore , maryland injured several police officers on monday , throwing bricks and rocks at the overwhelmed cops hiding behind riot armor . while most of the cops tried not to engage with the protesters , at least one officer was seen throwing the rocks right back at the mostly-young groups of rioters even as the nation watched on live tv . a photo taken by photographer patrick semansky captures the moment one police officer threw a rock back at protesters while his fellow cops looked on . scroll down for video . approved police weapon ? a baltimore police officer was pictured monday night lobbing a piece of rock back at protesters . and a video of one intense interaction between a group of rioters and police showed a similar scene , though it 's unclear whether the clip captured the same officer . baltimore police did not immediately return daily mail online 's request for comment tuesday morning . fifteen police officers were injured monday - two seriously - in the clashes with angry mobs rioting over the death of freddie gray . about 27 people have been arrested after looting local businesses and setting several buildings on fire as revenge for gray 's death . baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake has promised that the rioters will be held accountable for the damage they have caused . maryland governor larry hogan also announced a state of emergency and called the national guard to come and help local police . tuesday night , a curfew will be put in place from 10pm until 5am . gray died on april 19 from spinal trauma , a week after he was arrested and possibly injured while in police custody . the department of justice is currently investigating whether officers who arrested gray on april 12 caused the fatal trauma . on the offensive : above , a young man throws a brick at police following the funeral of freddie gray in baltimore , maryland on monday . back and forth : fifteen police officers were injured in the clashes with protesters monday night , including two who were in a serious condition . 