it was another momentous night in barcelona 's proud european history , neymar and luis suarez rampaging through paris saint-germain 's defence to put one foot in the champions league semi-finals . and barcelona 's second of the night , in the 67th minute when suarez stormed through , nutmegged david luiz and finished , was their 400th goal in the competition . the landmark has been achieved in 202 matches since 1992 when the european champions clubs ' cup became the modern champions league we know and love . the two goals scored by luis suarez against psg took barcelona past 400 champions league goals . barcelona have reached the landmark in 202 champions league matches since 1992 . barcelona won the quarter-final , first-leg match 3-1 to put themselves in control of the tie . barcelona still have a little way to go before they catch real madrid 's 436 champions league goals . table courtesy of opta . however , barcelona still have a some way to go to match the 436 goals scored in the competition by their great rivals real madrid . the spanish giants are way out on top in the club scoring charts , with bayern munich coming in third with 349 goals and manchester united fourth with 343 . over the champions league years , barcelona have found the net most against ac milan ( 22 ) , followed by celtic and chelsea on 18 apiece . they have scored 17 times against united , arsenal and bayer leverkusen . and it will come as little surprise that argentine superstar lionel messi is way out in front in the breakdown of barcelona champions league scorers with 75 , the joint-most in the tournament with cristiano ronaldo . brazilian star rivaldo comes in second with 22 goals , followed by patrick kluivert ( 20 ) , luis enrique ( 19 ) and samuel eto'o ( 16 ) . to mark barcelona passing 400 champions league goals , we take a look at some of the highlights . barcelona 4 manchester united 0 ( 1994-95 group stage ) . a united side hampered by a limit on foreign players had the misfortune to encounter johan cruyff 's barcelona ' dream team ' at the wrong time . hristo stoichkov and romario ran united 's makeshift defence ragged in front of 114,000 fans , with the bulgarian scoring twice and the brazilian once before albert ferrer completed united 's humiliation . romario fires home barcelona 's second goal in their 1994 rout of manchester united in the nou camp . barcelona 5 chelsea 1 ( 1999-2000 quarter-final , second leg ) . leading 3-1 from the first leg at stamford bridge , chelsea fancied their chances of getting through ahead of the return . rivaldo 's deflected free-kick and luis figo 's goal had erased the deficit by half-time , though tore andre flo put chelsea back in the box seat . they were seven minutes from going through when dani garcia made it 3-1 and there was still time for rivaldo to miss a penalty . chelsea 's defence crumbled in extra-time , another penalty , this time converted by rivaldo , and a fifth from patrick kluivert carried barcelona through . luis figo curls the ball home during barcelona 's 5-1 win over chelsea in 2000 . barcelona 2 arsenal 1 ( 2006 final in paris ) . the champions league triumph that signalled the beginning of barcelona 's golden age . they needed two goals in the last 14 minutes to overcome the stubborn resistance of arsenal , who had been reduced to 10 men when jens lehmann brought down samuel eto'o just 18 minutes in . the gunners sensationally took the lead through sol campbell 's thumping header eight minutes before half-time but could n't hold out as eto'o and juliano belletti sunk them late on . captain carles puyol lifts the trophy with ronaldinho after barcelona 's 2006 win over arsenal . barcelona 4 bayern munich 0 ( 2008-09 quarter-final , first leg ) . pep guardiola 's star-studded team showed their champions league-winning potential with this demolition of bayern in which all four goals came before half-time . in no mood to hang around , lionel messi opened the scoring after nine minutes and eto'o added another three minutes later . a second from messi and another from thierry henry essentially settled the two-legged contest before half-time . thierry henry salutes samuel eto'o after rounding off barcelona 's 4-0 rout of bayern munich in 2009 . barcelona 2 manchester united 0 ( 2009 final in rome ) . sir alex ferguson 's team were going for their second champions league triumph in a row and had beaten barcelona in the 2008 semi-finals . guardiola 's team had other ideas and exacted revenge thanks to a 10th-minute opener from eto'o and messi 's clincher 20 minutes from time . it was barcelona 's midfield partnership of xavi and andres iniesta that ran the game . lionel messi ( left ) and andres iniesta parade the european cup after the 2009 win over manchester united . barcelona 4 arsenal 1 ( 2009-10 quarter-final , second leg ) . one of messi 's finest performances as the maestro scored four times to demolish arsenal 's champions league hopes . with the last-eight tie locked at 2-2 from the first leg , the nou camp was stunned when nicklas bendtner scored a precious away goal on 18 minutes . from then on , it was a one-man show . messi had equalised within three minutes and had barcelona in control with another couple before the break , including a sumptuous lob . a fourth late on made it an emphatic win . messi scored four times as barcelona demolished arsenal in a 2010 quarter-final . real madrid 0 barcelona 2 ( 2010-11 semi-final , first leg ) . this clasico semi-final in 2011 was a dream come true for all football fans and it was messi and barcelona that kept their cool as tempers frayed . real hothead pepe was sent off in the 61st minute and boss jose mourinho sent to the bernabeu stands shortly afterwards for protesting . cue messi to seize control , turning home ibrahim afellay 's cross and then setting off on a 30-yard run to score the second . barcelona pile on messi after his goal in the bernabeu semi-final back in 2011 . barcelona 3 manchester united 1 ( 2011 final at wembley ) . barcelona were unquestionably the best team in europe at this time and another final triumph over united confirmed this . at wembley , pedro gave them the lead in the 27th minute , only for wayne rooney to level shortly afterwards . but barca were by far the better team , dominating possession , and it came as little surprise when messi fired home at the start of the second half . david villa made sure 20 minutes from time as barca claimed a third european cup in five years . pep guardiola is thrown into the air by barcelona after their 2011 final win over manchester united . barcelona 7 bayer leverkusen 1 ( 2011-12 last 16 , second leg ) . messi raised his game to even greater heights , becoming the first player to score five goals in a champions league fixture in this seven-goal drubbing of bayer leverkusen . leading 3-1 from the first leg in germany , there was little pressure on barca and their domination was exemplified by their 865 passes in the game to the german side 's 217 . many of them found their way to messi , who scored twice before half-time and added another three after . messi slots home his fourth goal in barcelona 's 7-1 demolition of bayer leverkusen in 2012 . manchester city 0 barcelona 2 ( 2013-14 last 16 , first leg ) . city desperately wanted to make a statement on the european stage but barcelona had other ideas in this clinical away performance . the decisive moment came in the 54th minute when messi was fouled by martin demichelis , who was sent off . messi dusted himself down to convert the penalty and dani alves delivered a late second after swapping passes with neymar . messi converts from the penalty spot in barcelona 's 2-0 win at manchester city last season . 22 goals - ac milan . 18 - celtic , chelsea . 17 - manchester united , bayer leverkusen , arsenal . 16 - panathinaikos , lyon . 14 - galatasaray . 13 - shakhtar donetsk , spartak moscow , paris saint-germain . 10 - ajax , stutgart . 9 - porto , bate borisov . 8 - sporting lisbon , werder bremen , newcastle united . 75 - lionel messi . 22 - rivaldo . 20 - patrick kluivert . 19 - luis enrique . 16 - samuel eto'o . 15 - pedro . 14 - ronaldinho . 11 - javier saviola , xavi . 10 - andres iniesta . 8 - neymar , thierry henry , hristo stoichkov , david villa . 7 - luis figo , gerard pique , own goals .        