fox sports australia will not take action against a freelance presenter who posted an instagram picture of herself and a friend in blackface make-up . briony ingerson posted the image from an 'african-themed party ' almost three months ago , writing that the costume was as a light-hearted tribute to a friend who was working on network ten program ' i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! ' . i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! aired on network ten and involved more than a dozen identities camping under the stars in south africa 's kruger national park . she used the hashtag # ihopethiscomesoff alongside the photo of herself painted in black , seemingly oblivious that people would take offence from her costume . it has since emerged that on april 11 , fox sports australia posted an image of a man dressed in blackface , as part of a competition which asked viewers to dress up as their favourite sports star . sports presenter briony ingerson has been widely criticised for posting a photo with black face make up . on tuesday the photo made headlines and ingerson responded with a message on twitter , insisting she had not meant to be offensive . the issue was flagged by journalism student ahmed yussuf who complained about the photo . he interned alongside ingerson . fox sports australia tweeted a photo of a man in black face on april 11 , before the controversy surrounding briony ingerson began . it 's understood the tweet was later deleted . ' no harm intended , just wanted to give our hardworking friend a giggle , ' ingerson wrote on instagram . on tuesday the photo made headlines and ingerson responded with a message on twitter , insisting she had not meant any harm . ' sorry if you 're upset by this , no harm was intended , it was an african themed party # notatallracist , ' she wrote . a fox sports spokeswoman told aap that they had only become aware of the photograph on monday and it was unacceptable . ' she ( briony ingerson ) is deeply upset that she has offended people in the community as this was not her intent , ' the fox sports spokewoman said . ' she is aware of how offensive and inappropriate her actions were . ' fox sports is satisfied that briony is apologetic and will be making no further comment on the matter . ' ingerson is a freelance sports journalist who specialises in motorsports . she has presented for fox sports australia as well as on 7mate , network ten and sbs . a fox sports spokeswoman told aap that they had only become aware of briony ingerson 's photograph on monday and the company know it was unacceptable . jet james called for fox sports australia to make an example of the melbourne-based freelance presenter and terminate her employment with the company . john patten was another member of the public who felt strongly about the presenter 's ' ignorant ' actions . the matter came to light after fairfax reported a complaint from latrobe university journalism student ahmed yussuf , who worked as an intern alongside ingerson . ' v hurt to see briony ingerson do # blackface . feel disgusted and disappointed , especially having worked with her . # racism is not okay , ' yussef tweeted . yussuf told fairfax that at first he tried to ignore the photo but finally felt as though he had to speak out . ' it 's very difficult to say something about someone who could possibly be a contact in the future but i thought someone should say something , ' he said . ' it was there for weeks and no one said anything . ' yussef says that ingerson has now blocked him on twitter following the widespread media response . briony ingerson explained that she was going to an african themed party and is ' # notracistatall ' . ben williams pointed out that ingerson should have been aware of how wrong her actions were . ' i read the comments between her friends and herself and it seemed very off-putting having blackface on in an africa-themed costume party as if being black is something to be put on and taken off . ' the photo has sparked outrage , with members of the public taking to social media to condemn her ' ignorant ' actions . ' far too many australians are either openly or incredibly naively racist . times like this i 'm ashamed of my country , ' tweeted tom read . ' it should n't take 11 weeks before something like this gets picked up . i wonder how many people saw it & thought it was ok ? ' ' i really do n't understand how this still happens in australia in 2015 , especially after the hey hey incident in 2009 , ' ben williams wrote on twitter . ' @ foxsportsaus - sack the girl and set an example will you ! @ brionyingerson - serious misjudgement and just disgusting , ' jet james wrote . ' so a tv ' personality ' wears # blackface and is ignorant enough to attempt to justify it . only in aus ! sacked her yet @ foxsportsaus ? '' posted john patten .