after exposing potential security risks with airlines ' in-flight entertainment systems , one of the top experts on counter-threat intelligence in the wold was pulled off a flight by fbi agents . chris roberts , who featured in a string of fox news reports , was yanked off his plane after it landed in syracuse , new york , on wednesday night by two fbi agents and two uniformed officers . roberts , who works for security intelligence company one world labs , was questioned for the next four hours . scroll down for video . chris roberts of one world labs was grabbed after his plane landed in syracuse , new york , on wednesday . roberts has been featured on the fox news television show on the record with greta van susteren ( left ) . the fbi agents took electronic devices and computer files from roberts and confiscated his laptop and thumb drives , fox news reported . they asked to forensically image his laptop , but roberts told the agents to get a warrant . he was coming to town to speak at an aerospace conference about vulnerabilities in airplane systems and did make a presentation at the event on thursday without the use of his electronics . the incident occurred only a few hours after a report about roberts ' research was released by fox . roberts said in the report : ' we can still take planes out of the sky thanks to the flaws in the in-flight entertainment systems . ' quite simply put , we can theorize on how to turn the engines off at 35,000 feet and not have any of those damn flashing lights go off in the cockpit . ' experts worry planes ' flight and entertainment systems could be compromised by terrorist hacking ( file photo ) . the government accountability office released a report earlier this week with similar findings . the gao report stated : ' according to cybersecurity experts we interviewed , internet connectivity in the cabin should be considered a direct link between the aircraft and the outside world , which includes potential malicious actors . ' roberts is scheduled to fly home friday and is already pre-checked through the tsa . he said : ' you have one element in the fbi reaching out to people like me for help , but another element doing a hell of a job burning those bridges . ' those of us who do threat research are doing it for the right reasons , and we work to build relationships with the intelligence community because we want to help them identify weaknesses before they become a problem . ' 