the lingerie model whose sexy pregnancy selfies turned her into an overnight internet sensation has already snapped the first photo of her trimmed and toned post-baby physique in ' granny panties ' - just four days after giving birth to her son . sarah stage , a 30-year-old from los angeles , came under fire during her pregnancy for posting a string of selfies showing off her seemingly rock-hard abs , with some critics claiming that maintaining such a tiny figure could be damaging to her unborn child . but her son james hunter was born at a healthy eight pounds and seven ounces last tuesday . and only days after welcoming her son into the world , sarah donned black bikini briefs and a patterned bra for her latest snaphsot , which she shared on sunday with her 1.6 million instagram followers . scroll down for video . proud mama : underwear model and animal rights activist sarah stage shared this picture of her post-baby body on her instagram account on sunday - just four days after giving birth to her son james hunter . ready to go : the 30-year-old revealed that she gained 28lbs during her pregnancy , before noting that she was looking forward to getting back to the gym . ' [ four ] days post baby . total pregnancy weight gain was 28 pounds . i 'm excited to resume my workouts in [ five ] weeks ! # jameshunter # healthybaby # grannypanties , ' captioned the picture , highlighting her weight gain , which fell within the 25 to 35lbs range that doctors doctors recommend for average-weight women . the image has earned more than 40,000 likes since it was posted , with many commenting on her post-baby body and her healthy son . ' proud of you hot momma . you put the critics to rest . you look fabulous and have a handsome baby , ' one person wrote , while another added : ' holy moly ! what a legend ! the baby 's weight puts all the critics to rest . ' over the weekend , sarah also posted a heartwarming photo of herself wearing a long-sleeve floral romper as she cradled her newborn in his nursery , writing : ' so happy # jameshunter . ' look of love : sarah gazed adoringly at her newborn son in this photo she posted on saturday . so precious : sarah shared this adorable picture of her newborn baby , james hunter , on instagram . meanwhile , the first pictures of her baby boy were released last week . sarah shared the adorable snapshots on her instagram page . one , which shows a close-up of her son 's face , said : ' love at first sight # jameshunter . ' the first ever picture of james featured the newborn in an adorable fox outfit . sarah commented on the photo : ' james hunter ( 4/14/15 ) 8.7lbs/22 inches of healthy baby ! ' thank you for the positive support throughout my journey ... it 's just beginning ! ! ! # jameshunter # healthy ' . during her pregnancy many people commented that they felt sarah 's unusually trim figure could be damaging to her unborn child , but it seems their fears were unfounded . baby bump : sarah took her last pregnancy selfie ( pictured ) at 39 weeks on april 13 , writing : ' still waiting ' . the 30-year-old gave birth james the next day . baby boy : sarah posted this precious picture of james to her instagram on friday commenting that it was ' love at first sight ' . sarah confirmed to e ! that she welcomed her son last tuesday , revealing that her baby boy was 22 inches long at the time of his birth , adding : ' he 's a big healthy boy and he got an apgar score of eight to nine . ' an apgar score , which stands for appearance , pulse , grimace , activity , respiration , is a quick method for assessing the health of a newborn , with scores of seven or above being considered normal . sarah famously documented her changing figure via her instagram page throughout her pregnancy , earning herself a huge number of fans - as well as a fair share of critics - in the process . although the new mother came under fire last month as more and more critics spoke out against toned figure , their comments never stopped the model from sharing numerous photos of her toned abs . nap time : in this gorgeous snap , james is seen sleeping in a giraffe costume . last tuesday sarah shared a photo of two in-n-out burgers , writing , ' cravings , ' although its not clear as to whether or not she enjoyed the meal before or after she gave birth . the lingerie-clad model snapped her last pregnancy selfie , which she captioned : ' still waiting # 9months [ sic ] , ' the day before she welcomed her son into the world . the snapshot of her in a black bra and thong underwear has been liked over 40,000 times since it was posted , and has earned nearly 4,000 comments . and sarah , who is of european and costa rican descent , took to instagram earlier this month to share a photo of growing belly during the last weeks of her of pregnancy , writing : '10 days until we meet # babyjames . ' but while a large number of comments made about sarah 's figure were critical , many women noted that they found sarah 's pregnancy body to be motivation to work out and live a healthy lifestyle . model off duty : sarah took plenty of selfies in her underwear throughout her pregnancy ; here she posed at 37 weeks on march 27 . haters gon na hate : sarah , who came under fire for her being tiny and toned throughout her pregnancy , told her critics to unfollow her if they have a problem with her pictures . toned physique : sarah snapped this photo of herself flaunting her barely-there baby bump at 38 weeks on april 6 - 10 days before she was supposed to give birth to her son . ' i 'm completely inspired to go to the gym first thing in the morning . you look absolutely gorgeous @ sarahstage # amazing [ sic ] , ' one fan wrote . ' you look absolutely lovely . hats off to you for being fit and taking care of yourself ! ' another added . ' if i ever have children , i 'm inspired by you to treat my pregnancy the very same way . i 'm sure james will be amazing ! congratulations . ' others compared their figures to sarah 's pregnancy body , with one woman writing : '10 days before giving birth ? ! lord jesus help us all ! i look like this after dinner [ sic ] . ' ' i look like that after a good meal or two , ' someone else commented . meanwhile , some people suggested that her son would be as tiny as she is - although it has since been proved that there was no need to worry . pregnancy pals : sarah , then at 36 weeks , and her friend , at 39 weeks , compared their growing bellies for this playful picture on march 22 . baby style : sarah shared this cute photo of matching father and son timberland boots before the birth of her son . ' baby james will come out the size of her phone case , ' one person commented , referencing the model 's bear-shaped cell phone cover . when she 's not sharing lingerie selfies , the new mother regularly shared pictures of her son 's nursery and his future wardrobe . last week , sarah shared an adorable photo of matching father and baby sized timberland boots , writing : ' daddy & baby shoe game [ sic ] . ' and despite her critics , sarah refused to hide her then-eight-month pregnant body in maternity clothes . flaunt it : sarah refused to wear baggy clothes during her pregnancy and instead opts for figure-hugging dresses like the one she wore in this picture on march 28 . looking good : sarah wore this sexy black dress on a ' date night ' when she was 37 weeks pregnant on march 31 , just two weeks before james was born . she shunned baggy dresses and instead dressed her bump in fitted lycra or nothing at all . the fitness fanatic loves hitting the gym and often captures photos of herself working out , as well as following a healthy diet of quinoa , spinach and chicken . clearly not letting her growing baby bump get in the way of her career , sarah continued to proudly model whilst carrying . two weeks ago , she shared a sexy snapshot of herself in black underwear and responded to her haters . ' btw if you do n't like my pics then unfollow me , ' she wrote . ' i 'm excited , happy and enjoying every second of my pregnancy . ca n't wait to meet james ! # nfg # 37weeks [ sic ] . '