google launched a new u.s. wireless service today that switches between wi-fi and cellular networks . google is already the world’s most popular phone software provider , and a pay-tv operator - and now it wants to be your mobile network carrier . the company has unveiled a u.s. wireless service that switches between wi-fi and cellular networks to curb data use and keep phone bills low . the service , called ' project fi , ' debuted today , about two months after google revealed its plans to expand its ever-growing empire into providing wireless connections for smartphones . google is selling the basic phone service for $ 20 a month and will only charge customers for the amount of cellular data that they use each month , instead of a flat rate . each gigabyte of data will cost $ 10 a month . that means a customer could sign up for a plan offering three gigabytes of data and get $ 20 back if only one gigabyte was used in a month . most wireless phone carriers allow their customers to roll over unused data into another month of service without refunding any money . project wi-fi initially will only be sold to a narrow us audience that owns the nexus 6 , a smartphone that motorola mobility made with google 's help . google 's pricing setup makes project fi less expensive than most of the comparable plans offering by the four biggest wireless phone carriers - verizon , at & t , t-mobile and sprint . the monthly prices for a single line of smartphone service with up to one gigabyte of cellular data at those carriers range from $ 45 to $ 50 compared to $ 30 from google . the major carriers , though , offer a variety of family plans that could still be better deals than project fi . those bundled plans allow several phone lines to share a pool of cellular data . scroll down for video . besides trying to bring down the prices of wireless phone plans , google is promising subscribers that their nexus 6 model will automatically connect with the fastest network available . rather than building its own network , google is leasing space on cellular towers built by sprint and t-mobile , which are hoping the deals will boost their profits without costing them too many customers tempted to defect to project fi . to use the service , nexus 6 owners must sign-up to request an invitation , must have a gmail address , and must live in a us zip code within the coverage area . in this map , the dark green areas are covered by the service 's 4g lt , the lime green is covered by 3g and the pale green by 2g . verizon 4g lte coverage is pictured for comparison . project fi will be hosted through sprint corp and t-mobile 's networks . the service will work only on the company 's nexus 6 phones and only in the us . project fi will be hosted through sprint corp and t-mobile 's networks . overall , it costs $ 20 for basic service , which includes unlimited domestic talk , unlimited texting , tethering , and access in 120 countries . customers pay $ 10 per gb of data . data is paid for in advance , and the cost of unused data gets refunded rather than rolled over or lost . phone numbers will live in the cloud so that consumers can talk and text on any connected tablet . calls can be made via hangouts on android , ios , and through gmail on desktops , via the hangouts widget . texts can be made and received in the same way . there is no annual service contract required when you sign up . to use the service , nexus 6 owners must sign-up to request an invitation , must have a gmail address , and must live in a us zip code within the coverage area . google is promising project fi will automatically switch over to an available wi-fi network if that is running at a higher speed than the cellular alternatives . t-mobile ceo john legere , whose company already has been cutting its prices and rolling out new options , said it was a 'no-brainer ' to work with google on project fi . ' anything that shakes up the industry status quo is a good thing — for both us wireless customers and t-mobile , ' legere wrote in a blog post . google has an incentive to promote cheaper and faster wireless service as a mobile virutal network operator . this is because it operates some of the world 's most popular online services , including its search engine , maps , gmail and youtube video site . the mountain view , california , company believes most people will visit those services more frequently if they are enticed to stay online for longer periods , giving google more opportunities to show the digital ads that generate most of its revenue . similar motives prompted google to begin building high-speed , hard-wired networks capable of navigating the internet at speeds up to 100 times faster than existing broadband services . although google is only selling its broadband service in a handful of u.s. cities so far , at & t and comcast are now offering options with comparable speeds in a few communities . price in dollars : this graphic shows how much google 's new project fi will cost for various plans . for talk and text only , the google carrier will cost $ 20 a month as compared to $ 35 for new partner tmobile . however the savings really start when 5gb of lte is consider - with the internet search giant 's plan coming in at $ 70 and telecom giant verizon 's costing $ 110 a month . project fi initially will only be sold to a narrow us audience that owns the nexus 6 , a smartphone that motorola mobility made with google 's help .