manny pacquiao will be wearing the world 's most expensive shorts when he takes the ring at the mgm grand garden arena with floyd mayweather on may 2 . the richest fight of all time , said to be worth $ 300m and then some to those involved , is raking in the big bucks with the money streams certainly not limited to tv rights and ticket sales . the pacman 's shorts alone will carry sponsorship logos worth a total of $ 2.25m ( £1.5m ) , reports the manila bulletin . manny pacquiao , working out here with trainer freddie roach , will wear multi-million pound shorts . when pacman takes the ring against floyd mayweather his shorts will carry £1.5m in sponsorship . pacquiao gives a thumbs up in his blood-soaked , sponsor-covered shorts after beating timothy bradley . ' the rate for this fight is different from the previous ( fights ) , ' pacquiao 's business manager eric pineda told the bulletin , as reported by worldboxingnews . ' so far , we have six ( companies ) that will have their logos on manny 's trunks . ' we 'll have to wait though to see who manny will be wearing on the shorts – to say early would be free publicity and surely cost more . pacquiao , who was visited by sylvester stallone in the latest of a string of celebrity meet-ups on saturday , is assured more than £50m from the fight . pacquiao enjoys a visit from sylvester stallone , the latest in a string of celebrity supporters , on saturday . mayweather gets to work on a speed ball in front of the media as his preparations continue . mayweather 's cut is to be in excess of £80m before a range of other means of income from the fight are split by mayweather promotions , top rank and pacquiao . meanwhile , the latest video offering insight into the mayweather camp concentrates on the five-division champion 's gloves , as revealed by his uncle roger . ' multiple gloves , multiple choices and it 's really up to the champ which ones he chooses , ' explains roger mayweather as his nephew surveys scores of gloves in an array of colours and weights . mayweather 's latest insight into his camp comes in the form of a video about the gloves he trains with . money man has scores of gloves in all colours and chooses them based on their weight . gloves at 14 ounces and up are to minimise the damage while sparring while 10 and 12 ounce gloves mean ' you 're going for a nice hard punch , like you 're fighting . ' when one of the team says nascar , it means a glove change is to take place just like a motor sport pit stop , roger says . ' when they say nascar , that 's a change of gloves . it 's like being in a race . so he does n't get cold , his body does n't tighten up , ' he said . on may 2 , both mayweather and pacquiao have agreed to wear eight ounce gloves of their choice .