when politicians are determined to dodge the the question , it seems voters are turning to google for the answers to the big issues in the general election . party leaders might trade blows on deficit targets , austerity and brownfield developments , but it seems viewers at home are left in the dark , and use search engines to explain the terms . analysis of what brits were searching for during last night 's tv debate reveals viewers wanted to know why david cameron was a no-show . voters watching last night 's tv debate were left wondering why david cameron was not taking part . the contest saw labour 's ed miliband , snp 's nicola sturgeon , ukip 's nigel farage , green 's natalie bennett and plaid cymru 's leanne wood . go head-to-head . five opposition party leaders went head-to-head in the 90-minute bbc debate last night : labour 's ed miliband , snp 's nicola sturgeon , ukip 's nigel farage , green 's natalie bennett and plaid cymru 's leanne wood . as the debate raged in westminster 's methodist central hall , mr cameron was 66 miles from the action at home in oxfordshire . it did not take long before the prime minister came under fire from his political opponents for not taking part . mr miliband accused the prime minister of refusing to turn up to answer for his time in government , while ukip 's nigel farage said it was a ' great shame ' that mr cameron was a no-show . this is the moment when mr miliband ruled out a coalition with ms sturgeon , telling her : ' it 's a no , i 'm afraid ' . the central podiums were taken by plaid cymru leader leanne wood , green leader natalie bennett andgreen leader natalie bennett . ms sturgeon was applauded by the live audience as she blasted : ' i think it 's a disgrace that david cameron 's not here to defend his record . ' a list of the most searched for items on google released by the search engine giant reveals the second most popular was : ' why is david cameron not at the debate ? ' the pm made the calculated risk to swerve last night 's live debate , in the hope that labour would see its position attacked from all sides . mr cameron appeared in a seven-way debate on april 2 , which also included lib dem nick clegg , but months of wrangling over the debate formats culminated in last night 's so-called ' challenger 's debate ' , without anyone from the governing coalition parties .  