while easter in the uk is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb , in greece they mark the day slightly differently - and a week later . as orthodox easter sunday was held , thousands of homemade rockets were aimed at church towers in the aegean island of chios by rival parishioners in their traditional ‘ mock war’ . dozens of brave souls even attend the late-night services inside the churches of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani while the annual battle is held – even when the structures and surrounding homes are ringed in defensive veils of chicken wire . fortunately , severe injuries are rare in vrontados during the fiery celebrations . although small firework displays are held at churches around the country at midnight services on easter saturday - despite official disapproval from church officials - vrontados is in a league of its own , drawing spectators from all over greece and abroad . the custom dates back to the 19th century , when the island was under turkish occupation , but may have older roots . preparations last all year , while on the saturday morning participants parade their hardware through the village in lorries , honking their horns . easter sunday was celebrated in services across europe , with thousands of people attending church in greece , russia , turkey and the balkans to mark the most important day of the christian calendar - jesus christ 's resurrection from the dead . russian president vladimir putin attended the easter sunday service in moscow , meeting with the patriach of moscow and all russia kirill , while pope francis held a commemorative service in st peter 's basilica in the vatican with armenian clergy to mark 100 years since the armenian genocide . scroll down for video . while easter in the uk is celebrated with chocolate eggs and a roast lamb , in greece they mark the day slightly differently with thousands of homemade rockets . st. mark 's and panagia erithiani church congregations perform ' rocket war ' by firing thousands of home-made rockets across the sky . the rockets created beautiful patterns against the deep blue evening sky including swirls , spirals and vivid bright lines . hundreds of people honour the tradition and the aim of throwing the rockets is to hit the bell tower of the church at the other side . young men ignite homemade rockets during the orthodox easter celebrations on the island of chios , greece , on saturday night . in the traditional , annual ' war ' , the church towers of aghios markos and panaghia erithiani are pelted with rockets and fireworks . incredible images resembling a war scene show the spectacle , which attracts visitors from across greece and further afield to watch . a man wearing just a t-shirt stands next to a huge rocket as another man hoists it on to his shoulder as it begins to spark . rockets shoot and sparkle through the sky , falling over the courtyard of the panagia erithiani church in the village of vrontados . dozens of people still went to mass and prayed at panagia erithiani on saturday evening- despite people shooting rockets at its tower . the bright orange rockets are fired very close to a group of men , who stand in black and green shirts near a wooden shelter . dozens of the rockets are lined up on a platform , which is set at a slight angle to ensure the rockets are successfully fired . a brave man with his sleeves rolled up bends over a platform and lights another rocket amid smoke and sparks . locals from the two rival churches of agios markos and panagia erithiani spend hours firing the rockets and even light them by hand . sparks fly after a rocket falls on the marbled courtyard of the church . the traditionally ' battle ' is thought to date back to the 19th century . a rocket is ignited during the ' battle ' . orthodox easter sunday is marked a week later than in the roman catholic and anglican church . a group of people clutching cameras and phones stand in front of red and white tape to look at the rockets as they exploded in the sky . hundreds of rockets are fired in different directions , creating two distinct arches over different parts of the town . a young girl pulling a black scarf with green stars round her mouth hides her face as rockets go off in the distance . a young boy clutches four rockets while he lays others on a wooden floor . he is helped by two men wearing scarves round their necks . ecumenical patriarch bartholomew i , the spiritual leader of greek orthodox world , greets a baby at the easter sunday ceremony in istanbul . russian president vladimir putin ( r ) speaks with patriarch of moscow and all russia kirill during an orthodox easter service in moscow . the eastern orthodox church is one of the three main christian groups , with around 200 million believers . in basic terms , orthodox christians believe - like roman catholic and protestant followers - that god revealed himself to jesus , that he was god incarnate on earth , that he was crucified on the cross and was resurrected . within the orthodox faith there a different churches , with their own geographical title that reflect the cultural traditions of their believers - drawing on greek , middle-eastern , russian and slav culture . difference between the faiths include their approaches to women priests , whether the mother of jesus mary was sinless and the significance of the eucharist in mass . unlike catholics and protestants , orthodox christians celebrate easter - the celebration of jesus ' resurrection from the dead - using the julian calendar , while the others mark it according with the gregorian calendar . sources : bbc religion , christianity in view . the remnants of hundreds of handmade rockets fall on the courtyard of agios marksos church after the spectacular display . russian orthodox patriarch kirill conducts the easter service in christ the savior cathedral in moscow in front of hundreds of people . in the left picture russian president vladimir putin ( r ) , prime minister dmitry medvedev ( l ) and his wife svetlana ( c ) attend the easter service in christ the savior cathedral , while russian orthodox patriarch kirill , right , lights candles in the service . the head of the roman catholic church pope francis embraces the head of the armenia 's orthodox church karekin ii , during an armenian-rite mass marking the 100th anniversary of the armenian genocide - held in st peter 's basilica within the vatican . ukrainians bow their heads as they light candles during an orthodox easter mass in the mikhailovsky cathedral in the capital city of kiev . two women light thin , yellow candles and stick them in holes in the surface surrounding a large gold ornamental pole . a crowd light candles and what looks like thick strands of wax in front of st sava temple during an orthodox easter service in belgrade . a kyrgyz orthodox woman lights candles placed in wicket baskets with bread and other treats during a midnight mass in bishkek . easter sunday celebrates the resurrection of jesus christ and is regarded by christians as their most important religious festival . a woman clutches a candle and what looks to be an incense stick as others queue at the cathedral of the transfiguration of jesus . men and women queue so they can kiss an image , which is set in front of two huge bouquets of white and yellow flowers . holding candles and an icon of jesus christ 's resurrection , orthodox priests walk in a procession in skopje , the capital of macedonia .