john carver has hit back at former newcastle captain michael owen after he said they would lose every remaining match this season . the pundit has claimed his old club would be relegated if there were 10 games left to play instead of just five . the magpies will set a new club record of seven straight premier league defeats should they be beaten at home by swansea . newcastle manager john carver is not happy with recent criticism aimed at his struggling side . carver has been left with a sour taste in his mouth following michael owen 's recent relegation jibe . michael owen captained the newcastle side which was relegated to the championship in 2009 . newcastle are seven points off the relegation zone . owen has been joined by the likes of phil neville and sportsmail’s jamie carragher in criticising both the team and the lack of ambition at the club , whose supporters will again protest against owner mike ashley . but carver says he does not listen to those who have never tried management , including owen , who was relegated with newcastle in 2009 . ‘ i could be nasty about michael because let’s not forget what happened when he was here , ’ said carver . ‘ but listen , i don’t have a problem with anyone having an opinion . where i have the problem is with people who have never been in this situation - never been in my situation now . ‘ they have never had to sit here and pick a team when you have got so many injuries , suspensions , or dealing with situations on the training ground or something from left field that you think , `` where’s that come from ? ” . ’ he added : ‘let’s not start a war here because i accept that the likes of michael owen and jamie carragher have played hundreds of premier league football matches and i haven’t . i understand that . ‘ but sometimes there has to be a little bit of sympathy with the people doing this job . when you have never gone in and put your foot in the water and tested it , then it is a little different . ‘ there are a lot of people out there who don’t do it because they can’t do it . ‘it’s easy talking with a tactics board and dobbers , but all of a sudden in this position you have to make a decision because your back four is not high enough and someone is causing you problems because of it . if you don’t see that during a game then you have a problem . people don’t see that . ’ carver , though , does have time for the likes of graeme souness and peter reid , the former managers of newcastle and sunderland respectively . ‘ i never listened to graeme when i was academy director here but what i will say is that he talks an awful lot of sense on the tv , ’ said united’s head coach . ‘ and when i see someone like peter reid on tv , who has been in this situation and has managed in this region , he understands what it feels like . i respect what he says . ’ newcastle ace siem de jong will be included on the substitutes ' bench for his side 's match against swansea . meanwhile , newcastle will include siem de jong on the bench for the first time since august . the £6million former ajax skipper has suffered a torn thigh muscle and collapsed lung this season and has started just one premier league game . but carver said : ‘ you can see what a talent siem is . i remember watching him play against man city in the champions league . he scored two at the etihad and i thought , “ what a player he is” . ‘ if i see anything like that then i will be delighted . he is a super lad and is a talented footballer . we just have to be patient with him . ’ newcastle united fans have planned a mass protest against owner mike ashley on saturday afternoon . at least 10,000 supporters stayed away from st james ' park for the club 's last home game against spurs . fans are unhappy at the club 's lack of ambition , despite owner ashley having £34million in the bank . 