a second person is dead after a body was found in alabama waters following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta near mobile bay . major steve thompson with the alabama department of public safety 's marine patrol division said that one person was found dead on saturday and a second was found dead on sunday morning . during a press conference on sunday , authorities also said crews still are searching for five people missing in the water following the dauphin island regatta on saturday - which included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people . not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta , according to authorities , and names of the missing and deceased were not released on sunday . scroll down for video . a second person is dead and five are missing following a powerful storm that capsized several sailboats in a regatta near mobile bay , alabama on saturday ( above footage taken by someone on a boat during the storm ) . the regatta included more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people ( above a camera captures a passing sailboat trying to get through the big waves during the storm ) . coast guard capt . duke walker told al.com that ten vessels were capsized or incapacitated during the storm with three of those with the regatta . walker also said crews are using boats and airplanes to search vast portions of the bay , including the center and areas close to dauphin island where family members have gathered . the storm rolled through the area about 4pm and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9pm , petty officer carlos vega said . families of those missing stayed overnight in a makeshift shelter hoping that on sunday morning they would be reunited with their loved ones , according to al.com . survivor robert luiten was a member of a five-person crew with also his 18-year-old son , lennerd when they were thrown into the bay after the storm hit . he and another crew member were rescued quickly , but he told al.com that it took around six hours until his son was found by rescuers . late saturday , the pair were reunited however two of their crew were still unaccounted for . major steve thompson , left , with the alabama department of public safety 's marine patrol division announced on sunday that one person was found dead on saturday and a second was found dead the following morning . dauphin island regatta sailors gather near their docked sailboats on saturday in dauphin island , alabama where coast guard officials said they responded to a report of multiple capsized vessels . kevin maurin ( above ) , 28 , president of the dauphin island fishing rodeo who was caught in the middle of the storm with his eight-person crew , said as soon as they let the sails drop ' freaking hell broke loose ' . randy rutledge and rhonda morgan gilreath of rome , georgia were 15 minutes from the 18-mile race 's finish when the storm hit . they were left in the water for two hours before being rescued and their boat sank in the storm 's aftermath . ' it was just unbelievable how high the waves were , ' gilreath told al.com . ' they were just bashing you from every side . ' ' we knew we were totally lost at sea , we did , ' she continued . the storm also caused a loss of power to 23,000 residents in coastal alabama and dauhpin island park remained dark into saturday evening , according to al.com . footage of what appears to be a group of five on a sailboat during the storm was posted to youtube showing big crashing waves and strong winds . kevin maurin , 28 , president of the dauphin island fishing rodeo , said the weather on saturday started off with pleasant winds . lt. jason downey , of the alabama department of conservation and natural resources , calls in a capsized catamaran as search and rescue operations continue off dauphin island , alabama on sunday . flotilla volunteers take lunch donated by the salvation army of coastal alabama out to first responders . on sunday , coast guard crews continued searching sunday for five people missing in the water . ' they were scattered anywhere from dauphin island bridge all the way out into mobile bay and across to fort morgan . it was a wide area , ' said dauphin island mayor jeff collier . he told al.com that race officials had cancelled the regatta before moving forward with it after an hour-delay . while he and his eight-person crew were enjoying the race , he said out of nowhere the storm hit and in a quick-thinking move that likely saved them from ending up in the water , the captain ordered the boat 's two sails to be lowered . ' it was a great day , everybody on the boat was having fun , ' maurin told al.com . ' all of a sudden , within seconds , boom . ' ' as soon as they [ sails ] dropped , freaking hell broke loose , ' he continued . ' i was in the middle of it and it was terrible . ' on saturday , dauphin island mayor jeff collier told al.com that one person was confirmed dead , but he did not know the cause . ' we knew we were totally lost at sea , ' said regatta participant rhonda morgan gilreath , right , shown with her boyfriend randy rutledge of rome georgia on saturday . well-wishers congratulate regatta participant robert luiten of mobile , alabama , in blue shirt , on word that his son , leonard luiten , was found several hours after their boat capsized in a storm on saturday . ' it 's been a very tragic day , ' michael smith , with the buccaneer yacht club , told wsfa-tv . ' we 've had a lot of breakage , missing people , fatalities . ' susan kangal , who was on a boat , told wsfa it was the worst storm that she has seen . ' we were probably an inch from capsizing ; everybody was ready to jump . i did n't have a life jacket on , ' she said . the boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race . ' apparently there were a number of vessels that became distressed , either capsized or what have you , ' the mayor said . ' they were scattered anywhere from dauphin island bridge all the way out into mobile bay and across to fort morgan . it was a wide area , ' said dauphin island mayor jeff collier . authorities said not all of the missing people were participating in the 57th annual regatta on dauphin island ( above ) . al.com reported that richard mather , 52 , of mobile , was aboard a 39-foot o'day sailboat along with seven people , when he saw two boats collide . he said that they expected thunderstorms but not as severe as they were . ' but we were not prepared for a gale , ' mather said , ' which is almost like a 30-minute hurricane . ' mather was not in the race and was able to pull three people onto his vessel about two miles north of the dauphin island bridge . he said the boaters seemed extremely tired but none of them were injured . ' they were exhausted but they were fine , ' he said . ' their boats sunk so fast that they did n't have time to grab life preservers . '