clothing that features slogans joking about stalking has been slammed by the suzy lamplugh trust , a london-based charity which aims to ' make society a safer place ' . a number of online retailers stock the offending garments , which feature phrases such as ' i heart my stalker ' and ' some people call it stalking . i call it love ! ' according to the slt , the t-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women , and play into people 's fear of being laughed at , which prevents victims from seeking help to deal with stalkers and puts them at a higher risk of being attacked . scroll down for video . funny ? a selection of t-shirts ( pictured ) branded with jokes about stalking has been slammed by the suzy lamplugh trust , a charity which aims to ' make society a safer place ' . the t-shirts in question are sold in us and uk stores including zazzle , look human and north shore shirts . ' are you stalking me ? 'cause that would be super ' , reads one , priced at $ 10.99 ( £7.40 ) in the us . ' i stalk you on facebook ' , another states , priced at £16.95 ( $ 25.35 ) . ' stalking is when channing tatum and i go for long romantic walk together but only one of us knows about it ' , another $ 28 ( £18.90 ) specimen muses . ' stalking is such a strong word , i prefer intense research of an individual , ' reads a $ 27 ( £18.11 ) shirt , featuring the description : ' sometimes when you want to bag a mate you have to do some reconnaissance . ' a spokesman from the suzy lamplugh trust told mailonline that these common slogans seem harmless but they prevent the crime from being taken seriously . she said : ' it does all add to the feeling that it’s something that’s a little bit humorous . it’s not , especially for victims . making light : according to the slt , the t-shirts mock a serious issue which affects one in six women , and play into people 's fear of being laughed at , which prevents victims from seeking help with stalkers . ' if we 're still making jokes about stalking it’s harder for victims to come forward . ' things are sold with humour but when they’re so commonplace they start to dilute the language around them it starts to become a problem and stalking is a serious offense . ' it doesn’t help that the messages are out there , it just reinforces the myths that are around stalking . ' she added : ' even the language around stalking is potentially damaging , we all talk about stalking people on facebook but we don’t mean it , we mean we’re looking up someone we went to school with . she said a common view of stalking is that it 's romantic , with stalkers leaving bunches of flowers , teddy bears or money on victims ' windscreens . ' the behaviours may not seem offensive in that way but if it’s unwanted attention from someone , it’s a problem . ' offending articles : the t-shirts in question are sold in us and uk stores including zazzle , look human ( pictured ) and north shore shirts . in honour of national stalking awareness week , which started on monday , the personal safety charity , which runs the national stalking helpline , has released a two-minute animated film to help shift the public 's , at times , blasé perspective on the matter . the video 's voiceover states : ' what does stalking actually mean ? ' it does n't just mean a stranger ambushing you from the bushes or lurking through the window . ' it can also mean disturbing emails , non-stop phone calls , creepy letters and social media abuse . it means the other person ignores your `` no '' . ' it means you 're forced to change your life routine for months or even years . ' oh , and it 's not flattering or funny , it 's a serious crime . ' so if you 're being followed , if there are eyes on you wherever you go , if you are scared to open the door or your mailbox or your text messages , if you jump every time the phone rings , if you have n't had a good night 's sleep for a very long time ... then this is stalking . ' according to the campaign - which seeks to challenge the notion that stalking is ' romantic , trivial or funny ' - 80 per cent of victims are women , and more than 80 per cent of men and women combined are stalked by someone they know . of this , 45 per cent of stalkers are ex-partners , 22 per cent are ' acquaintances ' , five per cent are colleagues or ex-colleagues , and four per cent are family members . ' it is hard to give an exact definition of stalking because stalkers will often use multiple and differing methods to harass their victims , ' the trust explains . serious crime : ' it is hard to give an exact definition of stalking because stalkers will often use multiple and differing methods to harass their victims , ' the slt explains ( picture posed by model ) . ' stalking can consist of any type of behaviour , such as regularly sending flowers or gifts , making unwanted or malicious communication ( including calls , texts and emails ) , damaging property and physical or sexual assault . ' if the behaviour is persistent , unwanted and is causing you fear , harassment or anxiety then it is stalking and you should not have to live with it . ' the slt was set up by diana lamplugh , the late mother of suzy , a 25-year-old estate agent who disappeared in fulham , south west london , in 1986 . she was presumed murdered and declared dead in 1993 , and no one has ever been charged over her killing . ' our mission is to campaign , educate and support people to help reduce the risk of violence and aggression for everyone , ' the charity states . mailonline has contacted online retailers zazzle , look human and north shore for comment . visit suzylamplughtrust.org or stalkinghelpline.org or call 0808 802 0300 .