sergio aguero says the experience of scoring in a manchester derby is unparalleled . the argentine has scored six goals in derby meetings with united and is planning on adding to that tally when the two sides meet at old trafford on sunday . ' i always love to score , but of course it is even more special to score in the big games , ' he said . sergio aguero smashes the ball against the post during manchester city 's defeat by crystal palace . aguero says scoring against manchester united is enough to give him shivers . the argentine forward has scored six times against united , including this one at the etihad in september 2013 . ' if you score against united at old trafford it almost give you shivers , because you can feel the tense atmosphere with most of the stadium being really quiet , but the away end going crazy . ' at home it is different , when the city supporters are really loud in these games , it sometimes gives me goose bumps when they sing my name . ' the argentine forward has hailed fellow south american radamel falcao ahead of the derby . ' they ( manchester united ) have a number of very talented strikers . the one who in his career has been the most predatory is falcao . ' he is n't having an easy time this season , but i really admire his commitment and his class and qualities are permanent . aguero believes united striker radamel falcao ( right ) is one of the most gifted players in world football . aguero came face-to-face with falcao at puma event on thursday . ' he is probably one of the most naturally gifted strikers in football at the moment . ' meanwhile , aguero is refusing to give up hope of retaining the premier league crown this season despite slipping to fourth , nine points behind leaders chelsea . ' of course we can still win the title , ' he insisted . ' in football , anything can happen - as soon as you think something is certain , then everything changes , we have seen it so many times before and we 'll see it again . ' we only focus on ourselves , try to win every game we play and keep pressure on chelsea . ' aguero was speaking at the # headtohead event for puma 's ' evospeed 1.3 ' where he appeared alongside united 's radamel falcao .