it may look like cgi in the trailer , but the droid that will join r2-d2 in the forthcoming star wars film - the force awakens - is very much real . the robot , named bb-8 , took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , where it literally ran rings around the retro droid on its spherical body . jj abrams , the film’s director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , but did not reveal how it works . scroll down for video . the robot , called bb-8 ( left ) stars in the eagerly anticipated film star wars : the force awakens and took to the stage at star wars celebration convention in anaheim , california , where it literally ran rings around retro droid r2-d2 ( pictured right ) . it’s a question that’s got twitter talking , with a user named jock tweeting : bb8 ? bbgreat more like and jimmy wong in la saying : ‘ how does bb-8 work . it 's so coooool . ’ joshua harris , a teenager from oxford said : ‘ # bb8 is one of the few things in life that makes me want to understand engineering , while video editor ron dot org tweeted : ‘ this is the part of the # starwars event today that really blew my mind . # bb8 is not cgi . at all’ . bb-8’s body is a spherical ball that allows it to move in any direction , but it also has a completely free-moving head that doesn’t fall off , leaving applauding spectators wondering how it works . speaking about filming the movie , jj abrams said : ' there were a lot of discussions about how having a cgi bb-8 could be so much easier for shooting . jj abrams , the film’s director , confirmed that a real robot was used during filming , instead of cgi , but did not reveal how the robot worked . here , bb-8 the rolling droid bb-8 is spotted inside the millennium falcon , peeking around a corner . from today , star wars fans will be able to tweet using new emojis exclusive to the social network . three emojiis have been introduced showing c3po , a storm trooper and a new droid . they have been rolled out in anticipation of the release of star wars : episode vii the force awakens . to tweet a star wars emoji , users must include hastags : # c3po , # stormtrooper or # bb8 which will be transformed into little cartoons . ‘ but we talked originally about it would be better for the film , for the actors , for the sets and the look of it if it were performed . ’ he confirmed that bb-8 was ‘ built and puppeteered’ in the film , but no strings were visible when the beeping , chirping droid rolled on stage , leading experts to speculate that it must be controlled by at least one remote control . the robot’s body is likely to be a large robotic ball , like a big version of the sphero , mashable’s andrew tarantola speculated . the toy by orbotix is controlled by a smartphone app using a bluetooth connection and allows users to make it go in any direction – much like the new droid . bb-8’s body is a spherical ball that allows it to move in any direction ( pictured ) but it also has a completely free-moving head that doesn’t fall off , leaving applauding spectators wondering how it works . the robot’s body is likely to be a large remote-controlled robotic ball , like a big version of the sphero ( pictured ) . the toy by orbotix is controlled by a smartphone app using a bluetooth connection and allows users to make it go in any direction – much like the new droid . professor will stewart , a fellow of the institution of engineering and technology in london , told mailonline that the walking globe is easy to achieve – ‘ we could build one if we had the budget’ . ‘it’s related to the default egg-race-style self-propelled double wheel device or the walk-in-balloon which anyone can try , ’ he said , referring to a zorb , which humans walk inside and push against the side to move along . but the real mystery is how the robot’s head can move independently but stay on top of the free-rolling ball . it’s possible that magnets are involved to ‘stick’ the droid’s head to its body , but it would require remarkable control by a human operator to make sure it’s head stayed on top of the body – and the stage performance seemed effortlessness . it could be that the droid’s head is a separate robot with its own set of remote controls , enabling it to ‘look’ around . it 's currently a mystery as to how bb-8 moves , but its white and orange case may hide a larger mechanism like that found in sphero , which allows it to move quickly in any direction . the real question is how its head stays on . bb-8’s body is a spherical ball that allows it to move in any direction , but it also has a completely free-moving head that doesn’t fall off , leaving applauding spectators wondering how it works . this image shows the robot on the set of the film , which will be released in the uk in december . it may be able to stay upright easily by depending on a gyroscope that tells it which way is up and use an accelerometer to monitor motion , much like many smartphone games . magnets may still be used to keep the head in contact with the body . professor stewart said : ‘ the floating ‘head’ is probably on rollers magnetically bound through the plastic ball to the `` driving '' robot inside . ’ he explained that rare earth magnets are very strong and light and the robot’s ‘ movements are consistent with this , such as a tendency to move in the direction of travel . ’ ‘ the inside and head could be wirelessly linked but given that this robot is radio controlled rather than autonomous…i suspect that head and body are just independently radio controlled . ’ it’s possible that magnets are involved to ‘stick’ the droid’s head to its body ( pictured ) , but it would require remarkable control by a human operator to make sure it’s head stayed on top of the body – and the stage performance seemed effortlessness . from today , star wars fans will be able to tweet using new emojis ( pictured ) exclusive to the social network . sphero is the world 's first robotic toy ball that 's controlled by a smartphone app . it 's been suggested that bb-8 may use similar technology in its body . the sphero toy can be programmed to weave in between objects , follow augmented reality race tracks and even keep a pet entertained . the 2.8-inch ( 73mm ) ball travels up to 5mph ( 0.6 km/h ) , is fully waterproof and costs $ 99.99 in the u.s , and £99.99 in the uk . sphero ( pictured ) is the world 's first robotic toy ball that 's controlled by a smartphone app . the gadget weighs 178g ( 0.4lbs ) and has a gyroscope and accelerometer inside that connect to a tablet or smartphone via bluetooth , as well as two rubber wheels . a counterweight gets the ball rolling on demand and sensors allow users to control the direction and speed of the ball . the wheels inside work like a hamster running inside a ball and never leave sphero 's surface , so it can turn corners at high speed . there are up to 30 games available via apps including driving , sports and arcade games , and the polycarbonate ball could soon be on its way to school classrooms to give children an insight into robotics . it is hoped the waterproof ball will inspire a future generation to get involved in computer science and design and technology . 