trillions of pounds worth of oil – as much as the entire north sea fields – lies beneath an area of england dubbed ‘britain’s dallas’ , it was claimed yesterday . analysis suggests there is up to 100billion barrels of the fossil fuel under the home counties . the potential goldmine in the weald basin , across surrey , sussex , hampshire and kent , could meet up to a third of britain’s oil demand within 15 years , according to the consortium exploring the area . scroll down for video . uk oil & gas investments say they have discovered 100billion barrels worth of oil reserves in the weald basin , near gatwick airport ( pictured , the well head at horse hill ) . a map showing the location of the oil and gas deposits within the weald basin , which are thought to lie at between 2,500ft and 3,000ft below the ground . this could reduce reliance on oil from the middle east and russia and could be a major boost for british industry at a time when the north sea supply is dwindling . but industry experts remained sceptical of the claims , with one describing them as ‘ overly optimistic’ . since 1975 , of an estimated 100billion barrels of oil in the uk north sea , only 45billion have been pumped out . it is believed another 20billion barrels can be recovered before extraction becomes too difficult . experts warned last night that only a fraction of the weald basin oil may be accessible for extraction . they also claimed fracking could be required to retrieve significant volumes . stephen sanderson , the chief executive of ukog , said the site at horse hill was ' world class ' and had the potential for ' significant daily oil production ' at this proposed drilling site . horse hill developments consortium made the discovery during test drilling in a well five miles from gatwick airport . uk oil & gas investments , which has a 30 per cent stake , said ‘cutting-edge’ data suggested the oilfield holds 158million barrels per square mile – equating to 100billion barrels across the basin . at current crude prices , this could be worth £3.7trillion . stephen sanderson of ukog , which insisted it would not use fracking , said : ‘ by 2030 , we could produce 10 per cent to 30 per cent of the uk’s oil demand from within the weald area . ’ neil ritson , of fellow consortium firm solo oil , said it was of ‘ major economic significance’ . if flow tests showed oil could be extracted , the production process could begin within 18 months , he added . us firm nutech , which conducted the tests , estimated 3 per cent to 15 per cent of the oilfield could be extracted – up to 15billion barrels . ukog chairman david lenigas said drilling in the weald could create ‘ many thousands’ of jobs . although the exploration site covered 55 square miles out of 1,100 , he said the consortium was confident the entire region was oil-rich . works : the well is situated in this container on the proposed drilling site . exploration : experts are now trying to work out how much of the oil will be properly recoverable . mr lenigas dismissed suggestions it would be hard to extract from the site , saying the ground was limestone which acted ‘ like a big sponge’ and that ‘ you can effectively suck the oil out’ . the australian entrepreneur , who lives in monaco , is a director of 16 british companies – and has been criticised in the past for exaggerating the success of his enterprises to jack up share prices . ukog shares soared after the firm claimed to have discovered a ‘world-class potential resource’ . however , professor alastair fraser , of imperial college london , said the claims were ‘ overly optimistic’ . a study by the university suggested a maximum of 40billion barrels in the region , while the british geological survey estimated the basin held just 4.4billion barrels of shale oil . discovery : the horse hill site near gatwick in sussex , where a large amount of oil has apparently been found . drilling : exploratory wells have found that the ground contains 158million barrels per square mile . development : the site is owned by a number of companies including uk oil & gas investments . the professor added : ‘ the question will be how much of it we can actually get out and whether it is commercially and technologically viable to do so . ’ malcolm graham-wood , of oil consultants hydrocarbon capital , suggested residents might object to rows of onshore oil wells , adding : ‘ the question is can it produce oil ? it is extremely difficult with a very low recovery rate . this is potentially interesting but i wouldn’t attribute any value yet . ’ but mr lenigas said : ‘ to all those people who say i am hiking up the share price , i am not . i am just saying what the nutech report says … i feel passionate that this is globally significant for britain . ’ a department of energy & climate change spokesman said : ‘ the government welcomes any new information which expands our understanding of the potential of the weald basin . ’ there might be 100billion barrels of oil beneath the home counties – but residents living above it may not receive a penny of the profits . the government owns the land under your house – meaning homeowners have no right to any oil found beneath them . once oil has been found , oil companies pay the government for an annual licence which gives them the right to excavate the oil and keep the profits . the government also gains money from the tax it receives on the oil extracted . the only way an oil company would pay the surface landowner is if it wanted to base its drilling site on their land . however , firms that undertake fracking , which is seen as a more intrusive and controversial method of extracting oil than simply drilling , must sometimes agree to provide ‘ community benefits’ . this could include building a playground or school nearby the fracking site , and is seen as compensation for residents . oil companies need to consult communities if they plan to undertake fracking in their area , as well as gaining planning permission from the local council . oil rush : the weald basin , of which horse hill is part , could contain a total of 100billion barrels . mystery : it is not yet known how much of the area 's oil will be easily recoverable . boom : the sussex countryside could soon be dotted with oil wells ( file photo ) .