one new york-based teacher has found an incredibly fashionable and glamorous way to supplement his public school income , working as a model for some of the world’s top designers . sam pearce , 24 , of milton , massachusetts , initially came to new york city to peruse a career in education , and soon after arriving in the big apple he landed a job teaching english to eighth graders in brooklyn , new york . but just a few months after landing the job , the six-foot , green-eyed brown university graduate was ' discovered ' on the subway by another model , who promptly asked whether he could send mr. pearce’s picture to his own modeling agency in the hopes of getting him signed up . model behavior : new york teacher sam pearce , 24 , was discovered on the f train in new york city and now juggles his career as an eighth-grade english teacher with a side job modelling for top designers . ' i was taken aback and flattered , but also kind of incredulous , ' he told racked of the encounter , which took place on the f train . ' he was just like , `` hey , you 're a model , right ? '' i said , `` noooo , i 'm a teacher , dude . '' ' soon after , mr. pearce , who was at the time teaching a summer school course and standing to earn $ 45,530 in the coming school year , signed a modelling contract with red nyc and started posing for designer lookbooks and walking in fashion shows in london and milan under the name sam worthen , a pseudonym taken from his mother 's maiden name . but the hunky instructor insists that he does n't let his side job posing for alexander mcqueen , diesel black gold , and dkny interfere with his responsibility to his students . classroom to catwalk : mr. pearce says his two jobs are similar in that they are both hectic and he needs to keep a straight face during each of them . renaissance man : besides teaching and modelling , mr. pearce also speaks french , spanish , and italian and composes his own music . ' my agents have been pretty great about understanding that teaching is my priority , and they 've gotten me jobs that require me to miss little or no school , ' he said . ' i did the alexander mcqueen show — that was my first real show — over a weekend . i flew out to london on saturday evening , did the show , and then flew home immediately after ; so i was in london for 12 hours . ' he also managed to fit walking in new york fashion week this february into his teaching schedule , modelling in shows during new york city public schools ' week-long winter break . in fact , mr. pearce managed to maintain the secret of his second identity until very recently , and even then , he admits he only revealed himself because he thought the publicity could benefit his kids . male model : mr. pearce knows there 's more to life than being really , really , ridiculously good looking ; he also places a lot of importance on getting his english students to read . ' i thought if people take interest in my story i could convert that interest into resources for my students , ' he told fox ct . mr. pearce launched a go-fund-me campaign called the right book to raise funds to buy all 67 of his students new books , and the attention his plea received helped him quickly surpass his goal of $ 3,000 in donations . he is now urging would-be donors to help more teachers and students through fundraising website donorschoose.org . ' i definitely think of myself as a teacher who happens to model , rather than a model who happens to teach , ' he told people , adding that it is clear to him that models are replaceable but teachers are not .