tony pulis is plotting talks with west bromwich albion chairman jeremy peace once premier league safety is secured to ensure the club can become a top-ten team again . pulis said west brom has ' gone off the rails ' in recent seasons and needs fundamental improvements to get back on track . west brom finished 10th and 8th under roy hodgson and steve clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season before finishing 17th . west bromwich albion manager tony pulis ( left ) shouts instructions from the sideline against man city . they were in danger of the drop again this year with alan irvine in charge , one point and one place above the relegation zone , before pulis arrived and sparked an upturn in form . pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market , with neil taylor and bakary sako two players on pulis ' shopping list , and discussions with peace will follow confirmed survival . the baggies almost got relegated under alan irvine ( above ) last season before pulis arrived to save the day . ' we will talk about it ( summer transfer market ) once we have achieved our goals - which is to stay up . we are still points away from that , ' said pulis . ' once that is achieved we will sit down and talk to the chairman . it is a good football club , everything is in place . ' it has gone a little bit off the rails in the last two or three years . i do n't think anyone can argue about that , it is now just about trying to get it back on track . ' wolves winger bakary sako ( right ) is a player that pulis wants to bring on board during the summer . pulis , who welcomes queens park rangers to the hawthorns on saturday , added : ' we will never look any further than beyond what is directly in front of us and the qpr game is massive ; that 's what we 're focused on . ' but it 's a good club and it 's a club which i think can be a top 10 club in the premier league . ' that is the ambition i have and i know the chairman has too . he accepts that it has drifted a bit in the past couple of seasons and we all want to get it going forward again . '  