cesar azpilicueta is counting down the games until chelsea win the barclays premier league title , and he thinks they have shown their strength by staying top of the table since ' day one ' . the spanish defender and his club team-mates sit top of the table ahead of facing stoke city at stamford bridge on saturday , six points clear of nearest rivals manchester city with a game in hand . the blues have long been considered title favourites and azpilicueta puts that down to the lightning start they made back in august , winning seven of their first eight games to take up first place early on . cesar azpilicueta ( centre ) is counting down the games until chelsea win the barclays premier league title . azpilicueta 's chelsea sit top of the table ahead of facing stoke city at stamford bridge on saturday at 3pm . in fact , jose mourinho 's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead , on goal difference , since their impressive 3-1 win over burnley at turf moor in their season opener back on august 18 . their form has dipped at points since , most notably in defeats to newcastle united and tottenham hotspur , but azpilicueta is confident that chelsea have been able to get through their bad moments unscathed . ' we have been top of the table since day one , ' he said . ' we kept that position obviously and had very good moments , as well as some less good moments , but we were there still top of the table and this is the strength of the team . ' you can be up and down , but you have to be focused on the target and i think now we are in a very good position . ' jose mourinho 's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their opening 3-1 win over burnley . diego costa scored in the opening weekend win at turf moor and has scored 18 more in chelsea 's title bid . chelsea signed atletico madrid left back for £16million in the summer , but he has been largely kept out of the team by azpilicueta who has consistently played in his less-natural position rather than at right back . unsurprisingly , the 25-year-old spaniard - who has had two weeks off after not being selected for his national team - is pleased to have kept his place under new competition within the chelsea squad this season as they go in search of a league and capital one cup double . filipe luis ( right ) arrived for £16million at chelsea in the summer but has been kept out by azpilicueta . ' if you ask every player in every team , they are going to say they want to play and when you do not play , obviously you are not as happy as when you do play , ' azpilicueta told sky sports . ' i have to go out on the pitch and give everything , to try to fight for every ball , to play and be useful for the team . and obviously when i finish the game and i feel i have given everything and we win , i am happy . ' there are individual battles in the game that you have to win . and after , if we win every one then i think the team will also win . '