a star college athlete and a classmate from alabama 's troy university have been suspended after authorities discovered a cellphone video that allegedly shows them sexually assaulting a woman at a beach while a large crowd of spring-break revelers watches . bay county sheriff frank mckeithen described the graphic video as the ' most disgusting , sickening thing ' he had ever seen likened the scene to ' wild animals preying on a carcass laying in the woods ' . he says the footage shows several men surrounding an incapacitated woman on a beach chair . delonte martistee , 22 , of bainbridge , georgia , and ryan calhoun , 23 , of mobile , alabama , were charged with sexual battery for the incident believed to have occurred between march 10 and 12 . delonte martistee , 22 ( left ) , and ryan calhoun , 23 ( right ) , have been officially suspended from troy university in the wake of sexual assault claims . the two were arrested this week after police uncovered cellphone footage of the two of them assaulting an unconscious girl at the spinnaker beach club in panama city , florida last month . the video allegedly shows hundreds of people gathered around the girl as the men violate her while she lays on a beach chair . the unidentified victim believes she was drugged before the incident . above , the beach behind spinnaker is seen on april 12 , 2015 . ' she knows something happened , but she does n't know what happened , ' bay county sheriff frank mckeithen said . authorities are still searching for two additional suspects in the case and additional arrests are expected . friday 's charges stem from a video police found where hundreds of people are seen watching the incident without attempting to intervene during the alleged attack on panama city beach , authorities claim . the footage was uncovered on a cell phone during an unconnected investigation into a shooting in troy , alabama . alerting the bay county sheriff 's office , the two departments worked together to identify two suspects and the alleged victim . martistee of bainbridge , georgia is a promising track star at troy university according to officials , but he has since been removed from the team . calhoun , of mobile , alabama pictured above in a picture from facebook . officials say they more arrests are expected . above , a view of the spinnaker beach club during a spring break party . in the video , mckeithen said one man is heard in the clip saying , ' she is n't going to know , ' before putting his hand inside her bikini bottoms . the incapacitated young woman is surrounded by several men while seated on a beach chair during the video filmed behind spinnaker beach club . mckeithen told a press conference : ' this is happening in broad daylight with hundreds of people seeing and hearing what is happening and they are more concerned about spilling their beer than somebody being raped . ' this is such a traumatizing event for this girl . no one should have to fear this would happen in panama city beach , but it does . ' the sheriff 's office said it has encountered incidents like this before through leads found on social media . in one video , police said a crowd pours beer on a girl who appears to be incapacitated while a male performs a sexual act on her . and recently , officers took inventory of the guns and drugs recovered during spring break this year which included marijuana , mdma , cocaine , heroin as well as 49 handguns - which increased from nine last year . this most recent alleged sexual attack and the arrests made on friday have served as a tipping point for the bay county sheriff 's office . mckeithen touted laws during spring break such as banning drinking on the beach and parking lots as well as clubs not being able to allow non-military people under 21 to enter . he said he will fight to have even more strict spring break regulations in the coming year . ' this draws the line in the sand for us , ' he said . ' it is not safe for our children on the beach ... if you condone this behavior , you should be in jail , as far as i 'm concerned . ' the investigation related to the incident is ongoing .