she 's a best-selling singer , actress , beauty buff and one of the world 's most stylish stars . and now , rita ora - who is only 24 and has already made the transition from a kosovan-born fledgling singer to one of the globe 's most successful stars - has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range . for her latest collaboration with adidas originals , rita has taken the brand 's classics and put her own bold spin on them . the result ? a collection that is as daring and vibrant as the designer herself . scroll down for video . rita ora has channeled her passion for fashion into a new adidas range , so femail caught up with the global star to find out her influences and plans for the future . speaking to femail about the inspiration behind her new range , which is emblazoned with graphic dragon prints and lands on may 1 , rita said : ' the dragon print is all about my love of travel and soaking up different cultures . the print itself is inspired by asian culture and one of its most recognisable symbols . 'i’ve contrasted that with the fit , basketball style cuts , which were inspired by american culture . my white smoke pack is about the body-mind-soul connection , about taking a moment for reflection . the graphic comes from the visual smoke creates when burning incense . ' the talented star , who also recently unveiled a beauty range for rimmel , could n't be happier with the final result . she said : ' i love being able to go into design meetings with all these crazy ideas and then be able to create a product that hasn’t existed before . from the initial stages to seeing my fans wearing the clothes and shoes - it’s been an amazing experience . ' the talented star , who also recently unveiled a beauty range for rimmel , shows off her toned abs in the new campaign shoot . rita has taken the brand 's classics and put her own bold spin on them . the result ? a collection that is as daring and vibrant as the designer herself . rita used her own ' street , funky and bright ' sense of style as a point of reference , but promises there’s ' a little something for everyone ' . ' each one of my packs has a different cut and style to it , ' she explained . 'i’m more of a tomboy myself but i also love to get dressed up and wear a big dress , so my designs embody that contrast . 'i’m always about wearing what looks and feels good to you , not about following trends . so i try to create clothing that fits that , allowing the person wearing it to make it their own however it fits their own personal style . ' rita used her own ' street , funky and bright ' sense of style as a point of reference , but promises the range , pictured , offers ' a little something for everyone ' . citing marilyn monroe as her ultimate postergirl , rita explains that her style has evolved as a result of her transatlantic career . 'i’ve always loved that london street style , but i’ve started to fuse it with a more american style the more time i’ve spent here , ' she said . ' but uk or us , i’ve always been a sneakerhead . adidas has always been a staple in my closet , so it was a natural fit for me to collaborate with them , i’m just grateful they wanted to work with me ! ' . citing marilyn monroe as her ultimate postergirl , rita , pictured judging on the voice , explains that her style has evolved as a result of her transatlantic career . as well as conquering the fashion world , the humble star has been busy making music , starring in fifty shades of grey and spending time with her beau , ricky hilfiger . so does she ever have a day off and what does she get up to ? ' whenever i have a day off , i spend the day in my bed , watching movies , in my pyjamas , eating takeaway , ' she revealed . ' i guess it’s probably fortunate that i don’t have too many days off , but i always like to take full advantage of any down time i can get . ' thanks to her countless projects and array of starry friends , it seems that the voice coach is taking over the world . ' aw , thank you ! , ' she replied . 'it’s great to be able to give a try to so many different things . 'i’m just starting to get more into the hollywood movie world , so i’d love to continue down that path . but music has always and will always be my main love and passion . ' in five years ' time , hopefully i will still be creating music and being able to live my dreams surrounded with the people i love . i’m so grateful for the opportunities i’ve had so far , i’m excited to see what the future will hold . ' rita and her boyfriend ricky at the opening of his father 's store , left , and rita seen partying with her famous friends , including kate moss , right . 