you might have seen fantastic images of the sun before , or even clips showing its activity - but you’ve never seen anything like this . an incredible video has stitched together footage from a nasa spacecraft , revealed the beauty of the solar surface as it bursts with energy . taken over five years , the footage includes plasma raining down on the sun , an extreme solar eruption and even a comet breezing through the sun’s atmosphere . scroll down for video . filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity ( shown ) . it was made by stitching together footage from nasa 's solar dynamics observatory over five years . the movie , called sun , was created by filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany . it uses footage recorded by nasa’s solar dynamics observatory ( sdo ) spacecraft between 2011 and 2015 . ‘ this montage features excerpts of 4k full-disk pictures in extreme ultraviolet channels , ’ explained mr könig , and it ‘ offers a glance at spicules , solar flares , filaments and an overview of the sun’s atmosphere . ’ highlights of the video include large , bright tendrils extending outward from the sun’s surface and occasionally crashing down again - known as solar prominences . other fantastic sections show bright , active regions on the sun’s surface as magnetic fields send it into turmoil . transits of the moon , venus and earth across the sun , as observed from the sdo , are also seen , while towards the end of the video comet lovejoy can be seen passing the sun in december 2011 . another incredible part of the video shows ‘ coronal rain’ streaming down onto the sun from a loop of material above the sun’s surface . coronal rain is formed when hot plasma in the corona - the sun’s atmosphere - cools and condenses in strong magnetic fields . the plasma is attracted to the magnetic fields and condenses , slowly falling back to the solar surface over several hours . nasa 's solar dynamics observatory ( sdo ) , illustrated below , was launched on 11 february 2010 and has observed the sun ever since . it 's goal is to understand how exactly the sun interacts with the environment around earth . by watching the sun in different wavelengths - and therefore different temperatures - scientists can watch how material courses through the corona , which holds clues to what causes eruptions on the sun , what heats the sun 's atmosphere up to 1,000 times hotter than its surface , and why the sun 's magnetic fields are constantly on the move . sdo also measures fluctuations in the sun 's extreme ultraviolet output , which provides the majority of energy for heating earth 's upper atmosphere . five years into its mission , sdo continues to send back tantalizing imagery to incite scientists ' curiosity . for example , in late 2014 , sdo captured imagery of the largest sun spots seen since 1995 as well as a torrent of intense solar flares . another incredible part of the video shows ‘ coronal rain’ ( pictured ) streaming down onto the sun from a loop of material above the sun’s surface . coronal rain is formed when hot plasma in the corona - the sun’s atmosphere - condenses and falls back to the surface . elsewhere , solar flares and coronal mass ejections ( cmes ) are seen erupting on the sun’s surface , sending out huge amounts of energy . cmes are the huge waves of material that are seen in images of the sun , and they can pose a threat to satellites in earth orbit . solar flares are flashes of energy on the surface of the sun , which are sometimes associated with cmes - although their connection is not well understood . the video , though , is a reminder of just how beautiful , powerful and active our solar system’s only star can be . by watching the sun in different wavelengths - and therefore different temperatures - scientists can watch how material courses through the corona , which holds clues to what causes eruptions on the sun , what heats the sun 's atmosphere up to 1,000 times hotter than its surface .