laos is a popular tourist destination known for its beautiful scenery and ornate temples , however not many people venture below the surface and discover that what is underground is perhaps even more spectacular . the wondrous tham khoun ex caves are so exquisite they do n't look real at first , which is perhaps why locals believe that spirits inhabit the underground wonderland . cave photographer , john spies , 59 , captured the sheer magnificence of the vast , yet intricate , underground wonderland . enormous banks of terraced flowstone decorate the walls of the cave in many places . this slowly growing mound of white and orange calcite is one of the larger deposits along the river passage . rippling reflections : a blue-tinted glow from outside illuminates the entrance chamber of the cave . not your usual day out ! floating on clear deep water and reflections near the cave entrance , visitors can either bring their own kayaks or rent boats from the local community to paddle deep inside the cave and marvel at its wonders . tham khoun ex caves , commonly known as xe bang fai river caves , feature imposing stalagmitemade of mineral deposits . with over 15km ( nine miles ) of awe-inspiring passages and wide expanses of water , it really is one of laos ' hidden treasures . there is even a vibrant forest thriving at the upstream entrance to the caves , the lush green colour contrasting with the enormous white and orange banks of terraces flowstone that decorates the walls . visitors are able to kayak through the waters , or explore adjacent chambers on foot . the cave is only able to be safely accessed during the dry season from november to april and during this time the water is clear and deep with a rich green hue . for some of the grander shots , a team of four equipped with powerful led lights and walkie-talkies helped to light-paint this enormous cavern for this long exposure shot . in 2008 , an expedition , co-led by veteran caver john pollack lead to the mysterious caves being mapped and photographed for the first time . what the explorers discovered about the little-known cavern was a vast river cave , which means a cavern with an active water source flowing through it . ' everything about the cave is big-from its towering entrances to its phobia-inducing spiders , which can be 10inches across , ' pollack told national geographic . nature at its best ! the upstream inflow entrance of tham khoun xe has a verdant forest inside a huge collapsed doline . it is possible to kayak from the resurgence to here and back in one full day . hidden secrets ! massive formations abound in a newly discovered fossil section of the cave , 50 metres above the river level . this section , encrusted with delicate formations and not yet open to tourists , is one of several higher passages that lead to jungle shrouded entrances on . gigantic ! the giant gour in the oxbow area of the cave is 60 metres long and is probably one of the worldís largest rimstone basins . american cave explorer dave pierce marvels at giant cave pearls which grow like pearls in an oyster with concentric layers of calcite slowly building up year after year . lit up ! the subterranean passage of the river is spectacularly decorated with calcified formations . heading into darkness , a visitor paddles a small canoe near the downstream entrance . in the dry season from november to april , the only part of the year safe to visit the cave , the water is clear and deep with a rich green hue . this gigantic section , is also not yet open to tourists , is one of several higher passages that lead to jungle shrouded entrances . the giant gour in the oxbow area of the cave is 196 feet long and is probably one of the world 's largest rimstone basins . the pool is filled with water during the wet season . the rims of basins like this grow taller each year as calcite precipitates from cave water as it flows faster over protrusions . the immense proportions of tham khuon xe , one of the worldís greatest river caves , are difficult to photograph . a team of four equipped with powerful led lights and walkie-talkies managed to light-paint this enormous section for this long exposure shot . suphaporn singnakphum stands amongst lush low-light plants in an underground garden in a huge fossil passage that adjoins the inflow entrance of tham khuon xe . water painting with kayaks and submerged led lights near the downstream entrance of the cave . visitors to tham khuon xe can rent canoes or kayaks and paddle upstream to view the stunning calcifications on the cave walls . sunlight streams into the mist-filled fossil passage near the sink of the xe bang fai river . this section supports a verdant garden of ferns and other low light plants . water painting with kayaks and submerged led lights near the downstream entrance of the cave . a cave explorer amongst giant stalagmites in the stairway to heaven area of the cave . the cave is formed by the xe bang fai river , a major tributary of the mekong .