nick clegg today revealed he struggled with maths at school , as he prepares to launch his election manifesto which will promise to balance the nation 's books ' fairly ' . the lib dem leader told a group of children he was better at languages and art when he was at school . he will use tomorrow 's manifesto launch to promise a ' stronger economy and a fairer society ' , and accuse the tories of wanting to embark on an unnecessarily deep cuts . lib dem leader nick clegg today revealed he struggled with maths at school , as he prepares to launch his election manifesto which will promise to balance the nation 's books ' fairly ' . mr clegg has promised to ' spread the burden ' of deficit reduction , with cuts to benefits and whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at the very wealthy . he has set out plans for £5billion in new tax rises , £7billion raised from a crackdown on tax avoidance , £12 billion in public spending reductions and a £3 billion cut from welfare . but today he admitted that maths had not been his strong point as a youngster . answering questions from youngsters at the cradle hill community primary school in seaford , east sussex , mr clegg said : ' my grades were ok . i was better at languages and english and art and history , i was a bit better at that than i was at maths and science . ' despite his professed weakness in science he added : ' i liked physics . ' mr clegg visited the school alongside former minister norman baker , who hopes to retain the lewes seat . mr clegg , campaigning with lib dem minister simon hughes in southwark , has promised to ' spread the burden ' of deficit reduction , with cuts to benefits and whitehall budgets along with tax rises aimed at the very wealthy . the lib dems will launch their manifesto tomorrow , after the tories unveiled their promise of ' the good life ' today and labour 's ed miliband vowed to cut the deficit every year at his launch yesterday . on the campaign trail in south london earlier , mr clegg criticised conservative plans to extend the margaret thatcher 's flagship right to buy scheme . the existing scheme allows tenants living in council-owned properties local authority tenants to buy houses and flats at a discount of as much as 70 per cent up to a maximum of £102,700 in london and £77,000 across the rest of england . the conservatives plan would extend the scheme to people living in properties owned by housing associations - not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes . but mr clegg said : ' it 's a measure of how much the conservatives have run out of new ideas that the big idea on the day they publish their manifesto is a poor cover version of one of margaret thatcher 's 1980s hits . it does n't even add up , it 's not even affordable as the housing industry has said . ' ' it will not help people who do n't presently live in their own home , it does not help the youngsters who are living with mum and dad and want to move out , it does not help the millions of people in private rented accommodation who want to own their own home . ' as the housing industry has said , actually under this plan you will see affordable housing go down rather than go up . ' miriam clegg at a campaign event in greater manchester . nick clegg 's wife miriam today revealed how she is juggling the election campaign with making sure their three sons are ' ok during this intensive time ' . mrs clegg , who uses her maiden name gonzalez durantez , hit the campaign trail in hazel grove , greater manchester . she took part in a series of activities in the guides hut , including making lava lamps and also edible pigs made from cream eggs , chocolate digestives and fondant . asked if the campaign was a hard time for her and her family , she said : ' it 's a busy time . ' i primarily focus on ensuring that our children are ok during this intensive time and then i continue with my normal life and try to help from time to time as i see that i can fit , without changing completely my life , but helping as much as i can . ' she said : ' it 's an exciting campaign . it 's obviously a very close campaign for everybody . nobody 's going to have an outright majority and that makes it quite interesting . ' on whether mr clegg was holding up , she said : ' oh yes , you can see him . ' the couple have three sons : alberto , migel and antonio . 