when hillary clinton steps off her road-trip van on tuesday at a rural iowa community college , she might not be greeted by cheering throngs . daily mail online spoke to students at kirkwood community college 's regional center in jones county , where the former secretary of state will hold her first low-key campaign event . the outlook is n't sunny for the kickoff of her ' listening tour ' : of the ten students interviewed in the school 's public lounge , only two would speak kindly of mrs. clinton . ' she 's going to push some emotional thing on us , ' predicted student hallie corum in between classes . ' what else is she supposed to do ? ' ' she 's going to be , like , talking s**t . ' ' talking s**t ' : hillary clinton launched her presidential campaign on sunday and hit the road in a van , en route to a skeptical bunch of community college students in monticello , iowa . corey jones said he suspects that hillary clinton and barack obama want immigration reform because it would result in a new generation of grateful democratic voters – and he plans to ask her about it on tuesday . kirkwood community college 's outpost in rural monticello serves hundreds of students , including some who are still high school juniors and seniors . corum declined to be photographed , flashing an impish grin . corey jones , a graphic design student , is among those chosen to question mrs. clinton in a roundtable setting on tuesday . he said his teachers chose him to join a group of ' from 6 to 8 ' students whowill participate because ' i pay attention to politics , ' something his friends around a table agreed with . ' i did n't know hillary clinton was running , ' one young woman said . ' is she running ? go ask corey . he 's up on all that stuff . ' jones said he plans to ask hillary about illegal immigration . ' it 's – well , immigration reform , ' he told daily mail online . ' you know , obama 's plan was to make the illegal immigrants legal . ' ' she 's part of all that . and some people think – well , i think maybe – it 's just a tactic to have more democratic votes' from millions of grateful new citizens . jones , like corum , will vote in his first presidential election next year . he said clinton is holding her first campaign event at a community college ' because she 's trying to appeal to youth , to young voters . ' ' she announced it on youtube . that 's targeted at people my age , right ? ' clinton set off on a 1,000-mile road trip sunday in her home town of chappaqua , new york , and headed to iowa – where the nation 's first primary caucuses will start the machinery that chooses major parties ' presidential candidate . she announced sunday afternoon that she was officially in the race . a female student who declined to be named speculated about clinton 's motives for taking ground transportation instead of a jet aircraft . ' can you imagine if she stepped off a private jet in des moines or iowa city and walked down a set of steps in realy expensive shoes and a thousand-dollar outfit ? ' she asked . ' that would be , um , a really bad idea . i like the van better . is it a minivan ? god , i hope it 's not a minivan . ' future chef ross vander peut said gay marriage is a 'deal-breaker ' for him but worries that hillary clinton ' seems like , kinda like a control freak ' . monticello , iowa is a sleepy farm town whose main street is lined with shops sporting signs that look like relics from the mid-twentieth century . most students in monday 's random sample chose not to talk about mrs. clinton . all of the will be old enough to vote next year for the first time in their lives . three said they did n't have an opinion about the democratic front-runner . one looked up , shook her head , and put a pair of earbuds on . two more said they would rather remain silent . ' you know , it 's that `` if you do n't have something nice to say , do n't say anything at all '' deal , ' a young woman offered from behind her tablet computer . moments later a group of young men walked down a hallway mimicking bill clinton 's infamous ' i did not have sexual relations with that woman ' press conference – and laughing uproariously . one who would talk is bri parks , a speech and psychology student who wants to be an fbi profiler because she likes ' trying to figure out how the human brain works . ' clinton can work to earn her vote , parks said . ' if i heard her opinions and liked her ideas , i would support her . ' but ' i hope people do n't vote for her just because she 's a woman . ' asked for the nicest thing she could say about mrs. clinton , parks said ' she 's not going at this saying , `` look , i 'm a woman , so vote for me . '' she 's not using her sex to prove a point . ' ' she 's looking at herself as a politician , not as a woman . ' students like these gathered in a kirkwood community college lounge and spoke with daily mail online before and after classes on monday . bri parks , a kirkwood community college student , said she hopes americans do n't vote for hillary clinton ' just because she 's a woman ' . ' i do n't think we should be putting people in extremely high political positions because of race , sex , or whatever , ' parks explained . ' then you 're doing things just because of what people look like . ' kirkwood serves between 22,000 and 26,000 students taking college-credit courses at sites in seven iowa counties , according to a school official . the monticello outpost is canceling many classes on tuesday , making some students scratch their heads since ' this is the smallest part of kirkwood , ' as one pointed out . ' they could have had it somewhere else . ' as it is , kirkwood 's students who do have class will have to dodge secret service agents and tv news cameras to get through the lobby . some of them are recent high school graduates while others are finishing their 11th- and 12th-grade years collecting college credits one day per week . ross vander peut , a self-described future chef , is one of the youngest . he 's 16 , a high-school junior , but will turn 18 just before the election . vander peut described himself as a libertarian – ' i like government to leave me alone , ' he said – and gay marriage is ' a deal-breaker . ' ' equal rights , homosexual rights , it 's one thing i will not sway on , ' he told daily mail online . ' if you are against gay marriage , you 've lost my vote . there 's nothing you can do to change it . ' he hedged on hillary , saying she ' seems like , kinda like a control freak . ' ' but she also seems very strong-willed and determined . when she wants something done she probably does it herself . ' 