flanked by johnny russell and will hughes , eric steele jigged over to the travelling derby supporters - the popular goalkeeping coach was in the mood to celebrate . after a first win in eight , they are back in this consuming promotion race and that six-week wobble is no longer . steele lapped up the adulation , entertaining 4,000 behind one goal of the dw stadium at which the rams wrapped up three crucial points . this felt very important indeed , the outpouring of each olé obvious . derby 's players celebrate after chris martin 's goal gave them the lead in the second half . steve mcclaren was all smiles as he took his place in the stands before the game . wigan ( 4-4-2 ) : al habsi ; boyce ( mccann 63 ) , maguire , pearce , bong ; bo-kyung , kvist , perch mcclean ; clarke ( waghorn 75 ) , fortune ( murphy 65 ) . subs not used : carson , pennant , barnett , ojo . booked : boyce , clarke . derby ( 4-2-3-1 ) : grant ; keogh , forsyth , albentosa , warnock ( christie 88 ) ; hughes , hendrick , ward ( martin 46 ) , russell , ince ( dawkins 90 ) ; bent . subs not used : roos , lingard , whitbread , hanson . goals : martin 51 , bent 81 . booked : hughes , hendrick . referee : s. hooper . attendance : 14,697 . make no mistake , these have been tough times for steve mcclaren . top of the tree back on february 24 , the derby manager is now only looking at promotion via the play-offs , labelling an automatic spot a ‘ long shot’ . their ticket for those extra games is by no means booked , but goals from substitute chris martin and darren bent mean they are back on track . martin climbed off the bench at half-time to change the game , slamming in the opener six minutes after the restart before bent capitalised on shambolic defending to prod in a late second . ‘ i didn’t think chris would make the impact that he did , ’ mcclaren admitted after martin’s first appearance in almost two months . ‘ he could only play 45 minutes . ‘it’s a massive win . huge character . we showed the quality we’ve been missing . the away following was absolutely incredible . we’ve stuck together . ’ wigan , by contrast , are staring at relegation and a first season in the third tier since 2003 . now eight points adrift , their fans chanted for the head of malky mackay . chairman david sharpe didn’t know where to look at full-time and they need two wins from trips to fulham and millwall - on friday and next tuesday respectively - to stand any chance of survival . derby goalkeeper lee grant does well to tip over a header from a wigan corner . derby winger tom ince has a low effort saved by wigan goalkeeper ali al-habsi . jeff hendrick rides a challenge from south korea international kim bo-kyung . ‘it’s still mathematically possible and we need to keep giving it everything we’ve got , ’ mackay said . ‘ it was criminal to miss those chances but that has haunted the club all season . ‘ i thought we were terrific first half - 17 crosses into their box . that should bring a return of two goals . ’ it did not , and mackay’s use of ‘mathematical’ tends to suggest the writing is on the wall . james mcclean and kim bo-kyung both went close but wigan ran out of steam , their fans streaming out after bent’s 81st-minute clincher . kim shifted the ball to his left foot and found james mcclean , storming towards the six-yard box but the winger’s bullet header was met in stature by lee grant’s splendid one-handed stop , tipping over while airborne . tom ince had the beating of his man inside the box , but could only fluff right-footed straight at ali al habsi . maguire almost put through his own net from a jamie ward corner but those two moments were all mcclaren’s side could muster before the break , finding the quagmire of a playing surface at the dw stadium quite a deterrent . this had been used for the warriors’ win against st helens in their rugby league encounter on good friday , and you could tell ; a tame kim drive bobbled three times to test grant when otherwise it would not have . but , frankly , that is the least of wigan’s worries . they face an almighty task to escape relegation , made all the harder when martin linked up with russell to score . ‘ the difference with him and without him shows you what a top striker can do , ’ mackay rued . chris martin celebrates after giving derby the lead in the crucial promotion clash . grant saves at the feet of leon clarke as relegation-threatened wigan press for a second-half equaliser . it’s 20 for the season now and how they have missed the scotland international’s presence . he came on with purpose , knocked the normally immovable maguire from pillar to post and gave the rams a focus . ince just poked over the bar after super build-up involving martin and bent , before the on-loan aston villa striker wrapped up the points after 81 minutes . bent comes alive in the 18-yard box and reacted quickest to jason pearce’s terrible mix-up to add a second . wigan did have their chances . mcclean was smothered brilliantly by grant as the ireland international looked to equalise ; william kvist then saw a half-volley superbly blocked by hughes . they displayed guts , but not an awful lot of quality , and a first season below the top two divisions since 2003 looks to be the legacy created by dave whelan in controversially appointing mackay . ‘ we want malky out , ’ was the summation of 10,000 home fans . five wins since taking over in november suggests they are right . substitute darren bent puts the result beyond doubt by finishing from close range . derby heroes bent and martin celebrate after the former scored their second of the game .