one of britain 's biggest babies has been born - to a mum who asked for no pain relief . brave danielle davies gave birth to harley at nearly 12lb following an eight hour labour without any drugs . danielle had insisted on a natural birth - not realising she was about to deliver a massive baby . scroll down for video . daniel goldstone , danielle davies and their son harley , who weighed 11lb 5oz at birth . shocked midwives were so surprised they had to weigh him twice . newborn harley from morecambe , lancs , weighs 11lb 5oz , and already fits into clothes designed for babies aged three to six months . new mum danielle , 21 , said : ' all the midwives could n't believe how big he was , he was the talk of the hospital . ' they had to put him on the scales a number of times , they said he was difficult to weigh because it was off their official charts . ' harley caused quite a stir at the hospital as he was thought to be too large for the scales int he maternity ward . she continued : ' we have ended up having to throw a lot of the new born stuff away and he is already in size two nappies . ' danielle 's pregnancy bump was larger than with her first child . danielle 's pregnancy was induced following a health scare after doctors found she had a blood clot on her brain just one month before , she started to suffer severe headaches . she said : ' it just felt like a normal headache but it was quite scary really . ' it is common to get blood clots but it is unusual to get one on the brain . ' they did n't know if i was going to be able to push with the pressure on my brain , but i did . ' danielle , who already has a 19-month-old daughter layla , stunned staff during the eight hour natural birth , which she managed to endure without any pain relief despite pushing for two hours . she said : ' i lost quite a lot of blood because of his weight but i tried not to show the fact that i was in so much pain . ' i just cant believe i did it on gas and air , i keep wondering how i managed . ' baby harley was born at 1.13am on april 10 . dad daniel goldstone , 23 , who works as a security guard , said : ' i was nervous because danielle was in so much pain and it shocked me but i was n't expecting my son to be so big . ' i 'm proud of her and all the staff were brilliant . ' daniel , danielle and harley with the couple 's daughter layla . danielle is now on clexane injections to thin out her blood and doctors are keeping an eye on her progress . she added : ' a few of my friends have seen him and they all think he is huge . ' some have said he does n't look like a newborn he looks about three months old . ' my bump was very big and now i know why . ' former community midwife jean anderson , who has delivered babies weighing up to 13lbs during her career , said : ' i think many more women are now being induced early because they are worried about big babies . ' danielle is a beacon and it shows women can deliver big babies safely and easily if they allow their bodies to relax . ' it is a big baby and i am really proud of her . ' danielle and her son harley .