video footage of a young woman being led away in handcuffs - allegedly because she was sunbathing on a private beach reserved for tourists - has gone viral in mexico and sparked a heated debate . the 26-year-old woman , laura alicia caldero , claims she was sitting under a palm tree on the mamitas beach in playa del carmen when armed police forcibly removed her . according to friends of caldero , guards were preventing locals from going onto the sandy stretch , which is located in the tourist area of quintana roo in eastern mexico . the woman 's friends said she was arrested when she refused to pay a fine of about £70 . video footage of a woman arrested on a beach in playa del carmen , mexico has caused outrage . her friend marc paez chacon , 27 , said : ' we told the guards you were not allowed to privatise the beach and went and sat under the shade of a palm tree . ' but then they suddenly turned up and told us that we had to pay for the use of the palm tree . ' we thought it was a joke , but when we refused police turned up . ' they told us we would have to pay a fine and move on , but laura refused and ended up being arrested . ' laura alicia caldero , 26 , says she was arrested for suntanning on a beach reserved for paying foreigners . the beach , located in tourist-friendly quintana roo , is most popular among those from europe and the us . the beach is one of the most popular among tourists from europe and the united states , and the video footage of the young woman 's arrest has caused widespread outrage . ' they took me because i was sitting under palm tree , ' caldero , clad in a light blue bikini and being led away by police , explains in the video . ' the palm tree is apparently not for the public although it was a public beach . ' someone off camera then asks her where she is , to which she replies : ' in mamitas , i was under a palm tree . ' according to the woman , police told her and some friends that they were required to pay for use of a palm tree . online commentators included gabriel hernandez , who wrote : ' our beaches are for yankees and europeans , get used to it . ' and another named leviathan added : ' according to the law , you ca n't privatise a beach . she should issue a complaint . ' underneath pedro had added : ' an opportunist who rents palm trees there probably called the police . ' and adriana salez hernandez added : ' had she been a foreign tourist , they would n't have touched her . ' however , police insist that the woman was removed because she had ' assaulted a group of private guards ' . video commentators are visibly outraged , saying that had she been foreign , she would n't have been bothered . police confirmed the arrest of the young woman , who was with three male friends . while they had all opted to pay a 1,600-peso fine ( £70 ) , the young woman had refused , and was then arrested . but juan carlos pereira escudero , secretary of the playa del carmen council , denied that the local was taken because she refused to pay for the shade from sitting under a palm tree . he said the young woman ' assaulted a group of private guards ' .