nigel farage 's ukip insist st george would have been welcomed to britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer . he was a foreigner born in turkey . but ukip has insisted st george would have been welcomed to britain because of his skills as a dragon slayer . today on st george 's day , the party announced that it would make it a bank holiday in england . but at the policy launch , economic spokesman patrick o'flynn faced questions on whether st george would have been welcomed by a 3rd-century ukip . in its election manifesto the party has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country . mr o'flynn said : ' well , i guess dragon-slaying is a skill but whether it is one that 's in short supply for the needs of the british economy , we will leave to our migration commission . ' whenever the issue of st george 's day comes up - and i can predict this on twitter today - there will be many left-centre people who will tweet the fact that st george was from what 's today known as turkey as if that is the start , finish of conversation and that makes st george 's day irrelevant or illegitimate or ridiculous . ' i completely disagree ... i 'm not particularly hung up on where st george came from . i 'm more interested in what st george 's day can represent . ' the party said it wanted to encourage more people to fly the st george 's flag and end a ' cultural self-loathing ' about being proud to be english . peter whittle , the party 's culture and communities spokesman said : ' for too long we have lived with a political and cultural establishment which has shown a sort of disdain for england which has doubted britain has a whole and has discouraged pride in it . their embarrassment about our past , their lack of concern about our history has permeated our culture . ' now many young people know little about the country in which they live . the patriotism of the many is often sneered at . we have a society that appears to live in a state of culture cringe . people have been encouraged to believe that national pride is exclusive , is dangerous , is bigoted and should therefore be discouraged . ' he said that people who celebrate st george 's day should not be seen as ' racist ' . he added : ' there is a sense somehow when it comes to a perfectly ordinary benign patriotism many people do feel that they are slightly concerned that if they say they are proud they are immediately going to be cast as racist , or bigoted or whatever . it is obviously completely untrue . ' he said there was a ' snobbery about showing your pride in your country , that it is a vulgar thing ' . ukip leader nigel farage speaks to veterans at the northwood club in ramsgate , kent , today . in its election manifesto , ukip has said it would have a five year moratorium on unskilled migrants moving to the country . pictured is ukip leader nigel farage celebrating st george 's day with a pint . mr o'flynn was also asked whether english people should be given priority access to public services over scottish people who have moved south of the border . he said : ' ukip believes in the uk . i do n't think there is any distinction between the right of someone from scotland and the right of someone from england to access public services . ' st george is thought to have born in in the late third century in cappadocia , which is now part of turkey . he was a soldier under the emperor diocletian but became an early christian martyr after he refused to take part in the systematic persecution of christians ordered by the emperor . he was tortured and executed in 303 ad . the legend of st george slaying a dragon and rescuing an innocent maiden from death is medieval . as well as being england 's patron saint , he is also the patron saint of georgia and moscow .