it is the historic site where king john sealed the magna carta to establish the rule of law . but just a few hundred yards from the famous setting at runnymede in surrey – which the queen will visit in june to celebrate the document’s 800th anniversary – dozens of anarchists have made their squalid home in a litter-strewn shanty town . squatting on the private land , the group , who are linked to the occupy london movement that caused chaos in london when they set up camp outside st paul’s cathedral in 2011 , have left locals outraged . squatter vinny outside one of the make-shift homes the group has set up just yards away from where the magna carta was sealed in runnymede , surrey . in contrast to the neatly tended magna carta memorial nearby , a used condom and grubby mattress lie at the entrance to the ramshackle squatters’ camp . inside , a mail on sunday reporter witnessed one anarchist openly smoking cannabis just feet from a two-year-old child . the battle to evict the squatters is set to come to a head just before the magna carta anniversary on june 15 . last thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month . one camp leader , vinny , who would not give his surname , said : ‘ this is about using the land to grow our own vegetables . it’s a place to give people life skills , a sanctuary for the displaced . ’ the dope-smoking 48-year-old added : ‘ why can’t we have equality with land ownership ? why can’t we have a few acres each ? ’ last thursday the squatters were granted a stay of execution when a county court judge allowed them two weeks to submit a defence ahead of a hearing next month . the camp was set up three years ago in woodland on a disused brunel university site . property developers orchid runnymede has planning permission to build affordable homes , student accommodation , an elderly care facility , and private housing on the land . but the community of about 30 squatters are refusing to leave . they claim to live off the land , using solar panels for electricity , a freshwater spring to wash and a vegetable patch to grow food , as well as raiding supermarket rubbish bins . king john sealed the magna carta to establish the rule of law . above , a painting illustrating the historic moment . but david sheldrake , whose farm borders the camp , said they have been stealing from water tanks for his cattle , adding : ‘i’m 69 and there are young people there – able , fit people who don’t want to work . ’ one of the camp’s founding members , james hampson , claims some of the squatters do work full-time . he has not worked since staying at the camp but said he has not claimed any benefits either . the former it worker said : ‘ our aim here has always been to build a sustainable community . ’ mr hampson is pledging to peacefully resist any attempt by developers – who recently erected a steel fence around the squat – to retake the land . the squatters’ lifestyle is a far cry from that in the leafy village of englefield just 200 yards away , where houses fetch more than £1 million . marketing consultant lisa lawson , 55 , whose house borders the development site , said : ‘ if you really believe in keeping everything nice and living off the land , why is there such a load of rubbish down there ? ’ retired engineer janet ferstl , 60 , added : ‘ i used to walk my dogs down there a lot but i don’t any more . i don’t feel safe . ’ a spokesman for arts estates , which manages the land , said : ‘ we are building a valuable development for the community and we have to do so within the laws of the land . ’ 