one million men are now actively choosing to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare or retire gradually . official figures show there has been a stark 14 per cent rise in the number of men opting to work part-time in the last two years . this compares to a 4 per cent rise in women choosing part-time work over the same period , according to the office for national statistics . one million men have chosen to work part-time as they become more involved in childcare or are retiring gradually . there are now 1.02million men in the uk who have opted to work reduced hours , compared to 4.58million women – who more commonly work part-time to care for children or family . it follows a sharp rise in the number of stay-at-home fathers , with the latest figures showing a 6 per cent annual rise , compared to a 28 per cent fall in the number of stay-at-home mothers . men now make up one in 10 parents who care for their children or family full-time . but recruitment experts said the rise in part-time male workers also signalled an increase in pre-tirement – a trend where older gradually reduce their hours rather than suddenly retiring . out of the 8.2million part-time workers in the uk , 5.6million have chosen to work shorter hours , 1.35million can not find full-time work , 200,000 are ill or disabled and 1.02million are students . karen mattison , of timewise – a company which helps people find flexible work – said : ‘ in the past , discussions about flexible work have tended to focus more on women – and particularly mothers – rather than on men . ‘ the challenge we face , is debunking the myth of the outdated perception of what flexible working means and for who . ‘ just as there is ‘ no one reason’ for needing flexibility , there is no one ‘gender’ who needs it either . ‘ out of the 5.6 million people now choosing to work part time in the uk , the number of men now doing this has now hit the one million mark . ‘ this is the future of work as we know it , and it is refreshing . those who choose to work flexibly – be it reducing their hours or increasing their home working – are shaking up the status quo for both businesses and employees . ’ there are now 1.02million men in the uk who have decided to reduce their hours compared to 4.58million women . patrick foley , lloyds banking group’s chief economist , is one of a growing number of executives opting for part-time work . he is one of the most senior leaders at the group , yet works three days a week . he said that opting for part-time after many years of full-time work had enabled him to write a book and compete in ironman triathlon races . mr foley said : ‘ having started working part time , i only wish i had done this earlier . it has brought new balance into my life without impacting my contribution in the office . ’ 