they already have a fearsome reputation as the top predator of their time , but it seems the tyrannosaurs were also prone to eating each other . a new study has uncovered evidence that a relative of tyrannosaurus rex , called daspletosaurus , may have indulged in cannibalism . paleontologists have found bite marks on the fossilised skull of a juvenile daspletosaurus , which lived around 75 million years ago . this artist 's reconstruction shows a daspletosaurus feeding on the body of another in an act of cannibalism . while some of the injuries appear to have been sustained during combat with other tyrannosaurs , others appear to have occurred after death . the scientists believe that another daspletosaurus , which could grow to nine metres ( 30ft ) as adults and weigh up to four tons , fed on the youngster 's body . tyrannosaurus rex and its relatives were more intelligent than previously thought and hunted in gangs which included young and older members , researchers have claimed . scientists believe they have evidence that the top predatory dinosaurs were highly intelligent pack animals , despite t-rex being popularly depicted as a dangerous but dim-witted loner . this is a myth that has grown up because for many years their fossil skeletons tended to be found on their own , researchers say . the new theory follows an analysis of skeletons of the tyrannosaur tarbosaurus bataar from 90 sites in the gobi desert , mongolia . tarbosaurus , a cousin of t-rex that lived around 70 million years ago , was a two-legged predator up to 12 metres long and weighing five tonnes . at least half a dozen of the animals appear to have belonged to a single social group , including adults and juveniles , that died together . the findings help to shed light on the brutal world in which the dinosaurs inhabited . dr david hone , a paleontologist at queen mary university of london , who led the research said : ' this animal clearly had a tough life , suffering numerous injuries across the head including some that must have been quite nasty . ' the most likely candidate to have done this is another member of the same species , suggesting some serious fights between these animals during their lives . ' the researchers , whose work is published in the journal peerj , were examining the skull of a daspletosaurus found in a quarry in the dinosaur provincial park close to calgary , alberta in canada in 1994 . daspletosaurus , which means ' frightful lizard ' , is thought to be a close relative of the more famous tyrannosaurus rex and roamed north america between 77 million and 74 million years ago . with a massive , heavy skull that could be more than 3ft ( 1 metre ) in length , it would have had a powerful bite and probably preyed on large armoured ceratopsid dinosaurs . the dinosaur latest study was thought to be a juvenile , measuring just under 19.7 feet ( 6 metres ) and weighed around half a tonne . the researchers found numerous injuries on the skull , several of which appeared to match the teeth of tyrannosaurs . the skull of the juvenile daspletosaurus ( above ) was covered in bite marks made by tyrannosaur teeth . david hone ( left ) and darren tanke ( right ) studied the fossilised skull at the royal tyrrell museum . one bite to the back of the head broke off part of the skull and left a circular tooth-shaped puncture through the bone . however , there are signs the bone had begun healing , suggesting the injury was not fatal and that the animal lived for some time after it was inflicted . while the researchers can not say what killed the daspletosaurus , damage on the jaw bones suggest that a large tyrannosaur bit into the dead creature between one and three times in what appears to be feeding behaviour . daspletosaurus is thought to have not just hunted but also scavenged for food and the research team say the injuries appear to have occurred after it had begun to decay . cannibalism is relatively common in the natural world , with more than 1,000 species known to eat their own species . the fossilised skull of daspletosaurus was found in a quarry in dinosaur provincial park in alberta , canada . daspletosaurus , shown in the artists reconstruction above , led a violent life the study suggests . tyrannosaurus rex is also thought to have indulged in cannibalism , according to a study in 2010 . writing in the journal , dr hone and his colleague darren tanke from the royal tyrrell museum in drumheller , alberta , said the daspletosaurus appeared to have lived a violent life involving battles with other members of its own species . they said : ' numerous wounds were inflicted during life and despite some considerable damage the animal clearly survived as shown by the evidence of healing . ' these were likely inflicted at least in part by one or more conspecifics and perhaps as a result of numerous separate instances of conflict . ' after death , the animal suffered at least one major bite to the right dentary , and perhaps two more from another tyrannosaurid , possibly another daspletosaurus . ' the specimen must have been decaying prior to the delivery of the bite to the dentary , and the condition of other material suggests scavenging , rather than simply late-stage carcass consumption . ' 