a former lager lout who ballooned to 24 stone has lost nearly half his body weight by giving up his favourite drink . rugby prop dale forrest , 26 , of bolton , would sink up to 12 pints a night , but decided to shed the pounds after seeing a photo of himself while out with his fitness fanatic friends . in december 2013 , the bank teller decided to ditch the booze , give up his favourite fatty readymeals and greasy takeaways and hit the gym . dale forrest would drink up to 12 pints a night - and ballooned to 24 stone - before giving up beer to lose weight . dale , pictured at his slimmest , was worried he would look like a ' beached whale ' next to his friends on holiday . since then , mr forrest , who had a holiday planned with his mates and didn’t want to look like a ‘ beached whale’ next to them , has lost 10.5 stone . he said : ‘ i can now go on nights out and feel confident - even without the dutch courage . ‘ i no longer feel like people are laughing at me and all it took was a bit of willpower . ’ mr forrest struggled with his weight from a young age and in adulthood fell into unhealthy habits . before shedding the pounds mr forrest ate a cheese and sausage bap for breakfast , a big daddy box meal from kfc for lunch and a meat feast pizza for dinner . dale , pictured sitting down , said he would consume beer , alcopops and shots regularly on nights out . dale , pictured before his weight loss ( right ) and after losing 10 stone , gave up greasy takeaways for healthy foods and started going to the gym regularly , and saw the pounds fall off . despite being a rugby player , dale weighed 24 stone due to his unhealthy lifestyle . he said : ‘ i was inactive and ate and drank what i wanted . ‘ all my friends were in really great shape . they got a lot of attention from girls and i got none , which was a bit depressing . ‘ they were all quite careful about what they ate , but i thought nothing of having dinner at mcdonald 's regularly . ’ despite being a keen rugby player , mr forrest rarely exercised and lived on an unhealthy diet – and would regularly drink 12 pints of beer followed by shots and sugary alcopops on a night out with friends . he said : ‘ i would drink in the pub with my friends every friday and saturday . ‘ i would start off by having a few pints , then as i got a bit bloated i would switch to other drinks . by the end of the night i was downing jaegerbombs and drinking alcopops . ’ after a night out in december 2013 , mr forrest logged on to facebook to look at the pictures taken the night before . dale is now taking part in a charity boxing match since losing weight . dale , pictured before ( left ) during a rugby game , and ( right ) after losing more than 10 stone . he was horrified to see that he was nearly double the size of all his friends . he said : ‘ i was shocked when i saw how big i was compared to my mates . ‘ me and the lads had just booked a holiday for the summer and i did not want to be the beached whale at the side of the pool . ‘ i decided i had to change . ’ desperate to change , mr forrest set his alarm for 6am the next day so he could go to the gym . he said : ‘ i had to drag myself out of bed - during the walk to the gym i felt like death and i struggled to find any motivation . ‘ when i got to the gym things changed . i started with some weights and then did 15 minutes on the crosstrainer . ‘ after i finished i felt i had achieved something , although it was n't as hard as i thought it would be . ‘ i got a taste for it and started going all the time . ’ dale said he would start the night drinking beer and then move on to shots and alcopops . dale ( left before losing weight ) turned his life around and lost more than 10 stone thanks to healthy eating . the committed slimmer also overhauled his diet , swapping fatty takeaways for lean meat and fresh vegetables . before his dramatic weight loss mr forrest would snack on chocolate bars and gorge on a fat-rich diet . now he eats porridge with blueberries for breakfast , grilled turkey with boiled potatoes and vegetables for lunch and grilled fish with green vegetables for dinner . throughout the day he snacks on nuts , fruit , celery and protein shakes . he also started going to the gym twice a day , weightlifting before work and doing cardio in the evening . by february 2014 mr forrest had lost an impressive 3st 7lb . he said : ‘ the biggest change was kicking the booze . i still go out now but i 've changed my drinking habits . ‘ i drink lime and soda throughout the week and i 'll switch to gin and tonic on a saturday night . ‘ within four months people started to notice i had lost weight . my work clothes started getting really baggy as the weight fell off . ‘ it was a good feeling every time i needed to go down a size , but it cost me a fortune to keep refreshing my wardrobe . ’ since losing more than ten stone , mr forrest has dropped from a 48-inch trouser waist to a 34-inch waist . he now weighs in at an even 14 stone . he is planning on taking part in a charity boxing match on april 18 for cancer research uk . he said : ‘ i 've changed my lifestyle completely . it was a lot of hard work - but it is the best thing i have ever done for myself . ’