shops are full of red dresses this year , so should you be tempted to trade in your lbd for an lrd ? it’s a colour that radiates energy and sexiness , but that can all be wrecked if the style doesn’t suit you . we asked kate battersby to try six looks to see which work — and which absolutely don’t . scroll down for video . i look so old in this ! dress , £270 , gina bacconi at johnlewis.com . shoes , £485 , biondacastana.com . lace may be back in fashion , but to me it’s unfailingly ageing . the unattractive shade of orangey-red is made worse by the colour of the underslip — a queasy pale peach . its weight suggests that it’s reinforced concrete and while thick fabric can smooth problem areas , here it bulges at the waist . the shallow v-neck doesn’t enhance my bust , the sash creates matronliness and the asymmetric lace around the neckline looks torn . 0/5 . it could be designer . dress , £150 , adrianna papell at johnlewis.com . sandals , £255 , lucychoilondon.com . the lipstick red shade complements pale and deeper skin tones . the ruched style is reminiscent of herve leger’s famous bandage dresses , insofar as the fabric stretches to flatter just where it’s needed . my 36dd bust means that a bateau neckline usually creates a gigantic shelf of bosom , but the sheer panel on this stylish dress is an ingenious solution . 4/5 . figure-hugging failsafe . dress , £89 , divacatwalk.com . sandals , £395 , carlopazolini.com . several celebs turn to this british brand’s curve-hugging designs , with nigella lawson a devotee . this dress looks great on the hanger and i can’t wait to try it on . the fit is divine and the dress feels marvellous . the hourglass silhouette has me embracing my inner joan holloway from mad men . 4/5 . total knockout . dress , £265 , thefoldlondon.com . shoes , £575 , biondacastana.com . it is difficult to overstate how utterly horrible this looks on the hanger — a drearily shapeless , nondescript sack . imagine my amazement at the transformation once it’s on . the fit is great , with a length that does wonders for your legs , and the cowl neck provides just enough detail to prevent my bust from creating a vista of bare chest . 4/5 . one-shoulder superstar . dress , £189 , gorgeouscouture.com . a floor-length gown is not top of my must-haves . but it’s always good to have a dress in the wardrobe that makes you feel a knockout . one-shoulder designs create glamour , and in this case the broader band of fabric at the shoulder flatters the exposed arm . draping and ruching will flatter any figure , and the dress is helped by a body- hugging underslip . ‘ very michelle obama , ’ said an onlooker . 5/5 . crimson nightmare . dress , £48 , asos.com . heels , £195 , lkbennett.com . first the good news : this crimson colour scores highly for drama , no matter what your skin tone or hair colour . next , the fit , which is fabulous over my hips and waist , but less so in the bodice . in my case another reason to fear the ultra-plunge neckline is that sensitive skins can become blotchy in the decolletage area when we are too hot . in any case , there is so much going on it’s easy to be drowned in all the detail . 2/5 .