adam federici lay inert on the turf for a moment . he realised the magnitude of what happened . he understood the horror of it instantly . he let his head rest on the grass and closed his eyes as if he was trying to wish it all away , as if he was trying to blot out the din and the agony and the wild celebrations of the arsenal fans . his face was scrunched against the grass , distorted in a mask of despair . reading , still struggling to avoid relegation to league one , had performed heroically to push arsenal into extra-time in this fa cup semi-final and federici had pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1-1 but the australian goalkeeper guessed there would be no way back now . there had been less than a minute to go before the extra-time interval when alexis sanchez had cut in from the left and fired in a stinging shot straight at federici . he knelt to gather it but somehow it squirmed through his legs and trickled over the line as he scrambled in vain to retrieve it . it was football at its most cruel . in years to come , it will be the enduring image of this game . alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici in extra time . it was a routine shot from sanchez but the reading stopper failed to collect it properly in his grasp - an embarrassing gaffe . the ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game . federici tries desperately to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and out of his grasp . reading had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to take the tie to penalties . federici lies slumped on the ground as the impact of his error hits him in the fa cup semi-final against arsenal . the reading goalkeeper , who had been magnificent until then , left the field in tears as manager steve clarke tries to console him . federici 's opposite number , wojciech szczesny ( left ) of arsenal comforts his fellow goalkeeper after the game is resolved . reading : federici , gunter , hector , pearce , obita , mccleary , williams , chalobah ( cox , 106 ) , robson-kanu ( karacan , 90 ) , mackie , pogrebnyak ( yakubu , 111 ) . subs not used : stephen kelly , norwood , yakubu , andersen , cooper . booked : chalobah . goal : mccleary , 54 . arsenal : szczesny , debuchy , mertesacker ( gabriel , 63 ) , koscielny , gibbs , coquelin ( walcott , 101 ) , cazorla , ramsey , ozil , sanchez , welbeck ( giroud , 72 ) . subs not used : wilshere , ospina , monreal , flamini . goals : sanchez 39 , 106 . when the final whistle confirmed that it would be arsenal who will face either liverpool or aston villa here at the end of next month , federici , 30 , put his head down and began to walk purposefully from the pitch , his thoughts fixed on some form of escape , some search for sanctuary . the reading manager , steve clarke , tried to console him but he was inconsolable . as he disappeared down the tunnel , he hung his head and wept . sure , the bigger picture was that arsenal now have a chance to become the most successful club in the history of this competition by winning it for the second year in succession . the bigger picture is that this time , their success in the fa cup seems less like a consolation prize and more like a gateway to a new period of glories at a club that had been starved of them until last season’s cup final victory over hull . but above all , this was the kind of human drama that peoples this competition and adds to its legend . ‘ i am happy we are through , ’ said arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny . ‘ but i thought federici was terrific today . he had the game of his life and they only got to extra-time because of him . he was the best player on the pitch . i really feel for him — i have been there , done that . ’ clarke did his best to ease federici’s pain , too . ‘ this is the life of a goalkeeper , ’ said the reading boss . ‘ and adam is a top goalkeeper . there’s every chance he’ll be reading’s player of the season this year . his performances in the championship have been crucial . ‘ we stick by him . i understand his worth and the supporters understand how important he is . adam is a strong character as well . he’ll take his disappointment on the chin and on wednesday night when we play birmingham i’m sure he’ll be as good as he always is . ’ clarke also complained that refereeing decisions had counted against his team . he had some justification but nothing can dull the memory of how his side pushed arsenal all the way . there were times when it seemed arsene wenger’s team , who had been pegged back by the championship strugglers in normal time , might be overwhelmed by the sheer relentless refusal of their opponents to accept defeat and by a team spirit that would not fade . the match became a test of arsenal’s fortitude as well as their class . in former years , they might have buckled . sanchez leaps skywards to celebrate his second goal of the game for arsenal against reading . sanchez ( left ) rifles arsenal into the lead against reading in the fa cup semi-final against reading . arsenal had an inconsistent first half before sanchez struck clinically after mesut ozil passed to him excellently . sanchez ( third right ) turns away in celebration as reading 's players lay crumpled on the ground after conceding . striker sanchez ( right ) celebrates alongside team-mate keiran gibbs after scoring for arsenal against reading . gareth mccleary 's second-half strike went over the line for reading after a deflection from keiran gibbs . mccleary runs over to the reading supporters at wembley to celebrate scoring the equaliser for the championship side . reading 's players celebrate the goal with mccleary as they pulled themselves level with arsenal at wembley in the semi-final . arsenal manager arsene wenger ( centre ) gives instructions out to his team before the beginning of extra time . federici’s mistake gave them an escape route that they followed eagerly . they had nearly taken an early lead when per mertesacker rose to meet a corner at the near post and federici had to dive smartly to his left to push it off the line . later , he produced a stunning one-handed stop to keep out a header from gabriel . reading held firm but arsenal started to exert more and more pressure . mesut ozil , in particular , was a delight to watch in possession . there are increasing signs that the german is finally beginning to find his best form and he beguiled reading with a series of sweet turns and beautifully measured passes . seven minutes before the interval , arsenal broke the stalemate . it was ozil , inevitably , who was the inspiration . he collected the ball midway inside the reading half , took time to pick his pass and flighted a curling ball to sanchez in the box . sanchez did the rest , although the rest was not simple . he controlled the ball on his chest with his back to goal , turned and committed garath mccleary by shaping to shoot . then , with time , the chilean forward prodded the ball past federici and wheeled away to celebrate . gabriel ( right ) , a replacement for per mertesacker , powers a header at goal shortly after reading had scored . but reading goalkeeper federici made a splendid one-handed save to tip the ball up and against the crossbar . sanchez ( centre ) earlier took the ball past goalkeeper federici ( second left ) before losing his footing and falling . daniel williams ( left ) shoots at goal for reading against arsenal at wembley but his attempt went wide of the goal . it seemed then that arsenal would extend their lead . reading’s threat had been negligible . but they came out for the second half with new belief and to the delight of their fans massed behind the goal , they forced an equalizer . pavel pogrebnyak must take a lot of the credit for squeezing in a cross when it looked as though he had run out of space near the byline . the ball drifted over kieran gibbs’ head and as szczesny scrambled across his line , mccleary volleyed the ball back across him . szczesny got his hands to it but he had not been able to prevent it crossing the line . suddenly , reading wanted more . jamie mackie clipped a lovely chip into the path of danny williams on the edge of the box . it fell to him nicely but williams sliced his volley wildly wide . the game was harum-scarum now . reading sensed an upset . mackie urged the fans on and they roared back . but six minutes from the end of normal time , reading escaped when aaron ramsey missed an open goal , crashing a left-foot shot against the post . ramsey held his head in his hands . redemption was not far away for him . it will take longer to greet federici . arsenal striker danny welbeck ( centre ) has an effort blocked by reading goalkeeper adam federici . germany defender mertesacker ( left ) heads the ball goalwards for arsenal against reading . arsenal attacker ozil ( left ) escapes the attention of michael hector ( right ) of reading during the semi-final . laurent koscielny ( centre ) leaps up and controls possession as arsenal took on reading in the fa cup semi-final at wembley . mccleary ( left ) of reading takes the ball beyond the challenge of arsenal player francois coquelin . reading 's fans watch on as their championship side take on arsenal in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday . reading manager clarke gives instructions to his team as they take on arsenal . wenger 's side failed to hit the level seen in recent games against reading at wembley .