boko haram fighters have been murdering dozens of young women and girls they had taken as ' wives ' and using children as ' expendable cannon fodder ' , the u.n. 's human rights chief said today . as the islamist militant group has retreated from parts of northeastern nigeria , ' gruesome scenes of mass graves and further evident signs of slaughter , ' has been brought to light , zeid raad al-hussein told a special session of the u.n. human rights council in geneva . boko haram 's reported use of children as shields and human bombs would , if confirmed , constitute war crimes and crimes against humanity , he said . scroll down for video . ' war criminals ' : zeid ra’ad al hussein , u.n. high commissioner for human rights , told the u.n. human rights council in geneva that if reports are true , bgoko haram have committed crimes against humanity . boko haram leader abubakar shekau ( pictured ) and his group of insurgents have reportedly been murdering women forced into marriage with fighters , and using children as ' expendable cannon fodder ' . this comes in response to last week 's reports that hundreds of women and children had been seized from nigerian primary schools by boko haram militants to be used as ' human shields ' . the islamic militants took as many as 500 adults and children from primary schools in the north-eastern town of damasak in late february , mike omeri , spokesman for the fight against boko haram , confirmed . ' boko haram rushed to primary schools they took children and adults that they are using as shields to protect themselves from the menacing advance of troops , ' he added . there has also been eye-witness reports of the insurgents slaughtering dozens of nigerian women who had been forced to marry boko haram fighters , before a battle with government troops in the northeast town of bama . witnesses said the women 's islamist militant ' husbands ' feared they would be killed by advancing troops , and murdered their ' wives ' to prevent them from subsequently marrying soldiers or ' infidels ' . a member of the nigerian army covers his nose as human remains are discovered at the former prison of bama , used by boko haram to hold any opponents , many of who were killed when the militants fled the town . civilians who fled the fighting in bama and the surrounding areas in recent days walk at a makeshift camp for displaced people on the outskirts of maiduguri . mr al-hussein , u.n. high commissioner for human rights , also told the council that there are ' persistent and credible reports ' of serious rights violations by nigerian and other security forces responding to boko haram . mr al-hussein , son of prince ra'ad bin zeid of jordan , called for ' thorough and fully transparent investigations ' by authorities . zeid ra’ad al hussein , u.n. high commissioner for human rights , is the son of prince ra'ad bin zeid of jordan , also head of the royal houses of iraq and syria , however , the un does not permit the use of royal or other titles by its officials in the context of their official work . boko haram has been waging a guerilla war in northern nigeria and also attacked towns in neighboring countries , prompting nations in the region including chad and niger to put together a force to combat them . the newly elected president of nigeria , general muhammadu buhari , who beat incumbent goodluck jonathan in a landslide win last night , has promised to ' stamp out ' the insurgency . in kano state , where boko haram 's ' war ' on the civilian population has been most prominent , buhari delivered a crushing defeat to jonathan , winning 1.9 million votes for jonathan 's 215,800 .