the senior islamic state commander linked to the anzac day terror plot has called for new terror attacks on australian soil in a flash new propaganda video . authorities named abu khaled al-cambodi - former melbourne man neil prakash - as a key figure in their investigation into a plot where teenagers were allegedly planning to attack police on saturday . now al-cambodi has starred in a 12-minute long propaganda video where , cradling a gun , he has ordered his ' beloved brothers ' to ' rise up ' and attack targets in australia . ' you must start attacking before they attack you , ' the 23-year-old said . ' look how much your sisters have been violated . threatening message : abu khaled al-cambodi , an australian is militant , has starred in a vile new propaganda video . despite the militant 's vitriol , the most recent local headlines surrounding anti-muslim prejudice have focused upon sydney woman stacey eden , 23 , standing up for a couple being bullied on the train . ' all i hear about the news in australia is this sister was hurt , this sister 's hijab was ripped off ... i ask you brothers , when are you going rise up and attack them ' . despite the militant 's vitriol , the most recent local headlines surrounding anti-muslim prejudice have focused upon sydney woman stacey eden , 23 , standing up for a couple being bullied on the train . al-cambodi is thought to have become the most senior recruiter of australian militants for the islamic state . terror expert professor greg barton has described him as ' baryalei mark ii ' - a reference to former sydney militant mohammad ali baryalei . baryalei , a former spruiker in the city 's nightclub district and a bit-part actor in the crime drama underbelly , was killed last october . the militant was seen with a gun slung over his shoulder and clambering through rubble . raid scenes : a man walks past a broken window from a police raid in melbourne designed to foil the purported anzac day plot . ' it seems that prakash has stepped in as the baryalei mark ii , and that 's significant , ' prof barton , director at monash university 's global terrorism research centre , told the abc 's 730 program . ' that makes him , like baryalei before him , the highest ranking australian within islamic state we 're aware of . ' baryalei was the ringleader of a foiled plot to behead a random member of the public in sydney . mohammad ali baryalei was a senior islamic commander - and a bit part actor in unberbelly ( above , his acting shot ) - before he was killed . in the propaganda video , al-cambodi discusses becoming a muslim not long after hearing a unnamed preacher lecture about ' judgment day ' . at various points , he is filmed greeting other men in shops and on the streets of the islamic state . at one point , he even shoots a broad smile at the camera . the video featuring al-cambodi was advertised at the conclusion of a similar video last july , but it did not appear online until this week .