it is cold , remote , dangerous , and a hot spot for one of the world 's most volatile and entrenched political stand-offs . so it comes as a surprise that the korean demilitarized zone ( dmz ) - located along the no-man 's land between the north and south - is next to a burgeoning surf spot for south korean hipsters , gangsters , ex-pats and its jet-setting adventure class . photos captured at the site show an eclectic mix of people going about their day-to-day duties , where fishermen and day-trippers are placed alongside soldiers , tanks and their fortified military installations . the dmz was established in 1953 as a buffer zone to separate the north from the south . surfer shannon aston , from new zealand , said he felt compelled to start photographing the area while he was living and working in south korea as a teacher . mr aston added : ' the military is ever present and must be respected and everybody does ( respect it ) , but korea has been divided for decades , so life just goes on . ' there was never much tension , only when people in the north would defect near that coast or security was ramped up after a skirmish or incident between the two countries . ' the beaches , often filled with foreigners and day-trippers from the capital seoul , features an ' overlapping ' of military installations along the coast as it nears the border with the north , he said . scroll down for video . a group of soldiers pose for a photo with a surfboard at one of the military installations on the south 's border with north korea . left , a local surfer makes wanders past a build up of military vehicles , while right , a tourist watches the waves roll in . two surfers ride the crest of a wave at the 38th parallel on the border between south and north korea . surfers ride the waves along one of the remote beaches scattered located a few hours drive north wast of seoul . a longboarder prepares to head out into the waves . although it is located in a politically volatile area , the beaches have become increasingly popular in recent years with south korea 's middle class . he said : ' most surfers will ride waves wherever they can , extreme cold , lakes , river and everything in between . ' most do n't care too much as long as they can surf . the korean surfers are used to it and the foreigners just feel lucky to get some waves in a place where it is not famous for surfing . a surfer attempts to clean the heavy snow from his surfing equipment as he prepares for the day ahead . despite the snowfall , surfers continue to flock to the area which is unique for its mix between a heavy military presence and pleasure seekers . two surfers trudge through knee-deep snow in order to surf the remote and inhospitable beaches near the korean dmz . a surfer makes his way towards a nearby building after having surfed in the freezing waters on the korean coast . a statue , moulded to appear as though it is a guard , is left standing in the snow at a military outpost .