sexy lingerie brand frederick 's of hollywood has shut down all of its brick-and-mortar locations , now existing exclusively as an e-commerce brand after years of declining sales and struggling to keep up with victoria 's secret . the los angeles-based company has switched to a web-only retail model following the closure of all of its 94 locations , with the brand now encouraging customers to shop online , the los angeles times reported on thursday . ' we no longer have store locations , ' reads the brand 's website , which goes on to note that the online store offers the same selection of products . scroll down for video . new look : frederick 's of hollywood , which is known for its sexy lingerie ( pictured ) , has closed all of its brick-and-mortar locations . making it work : the retailer announced on it 's website that it ' no longer ' has store locations while reminding customers that its ' online store offers the same selection of products ' . ' as a company , i think they became old and stale , ' ron friedman , a retail expert at consulting and accounting firm marcum , told the los angeles times . ' victoria 's secret has been a home run compared to them . ' but mr friedman went on to say that frederick 's of hollywood group inc. can still be successful with careful corporate strategy . ' they have to really focus and hire people that really understand the online business , ' he noted . founder frederick mellinger opened the pinup-inspired lingerie brand 's first store in los angeles in 1947 and went on to launch a mail order catalog in the 1960s , later adding sex toys and more risqué attire to the company 's offerings . mr mellinger , who famously said ' sex appeal is always in style ' , died in 1990 at the age of 76 . a decade later in 2000 , his namesake company , which once had pin-up icon bettie page modeling its lingerie , declared bankruptcy . after emerging from bankruptcy in 2003 , the company went public in 2006 . party 's over : the frederick 's of hollywood store pictured was one of the 94 locations that have been closed . celebrity fans : actress sofia vergara ( r ) recently revealed that she used to buy bras for her size 32f breasts at frederick 's of hollywwood , while blurred lines dancer emily ratajkowski has modeled for the lingerie retailer . star power : emily , 23 , can be seen posing in a black corset for the sexy lingerie retailer . two years ago the struggling brand was purchased by a consortium that includes hgi funding , a subsidiary of new york-based harbinger group inc. , and some of its own shareholders . while frederick 's of hollywood has changed the way it does business , one a-list celebrity has recently been reminiscing about her relationship with the brand . modern family star sofia vergara , 42 , told vanity fair that her size 32f breasts and tiny frame make it nearly impossible to find lingerie , so she used to frequently shop at the store when she first got her start . ' my boobs are , like , huge , ' she said in the may issue of the magazine . ' my whole life , buying a bra was a nightmare . what i used to do when i moved to la , i found places like frederick 's of hollywood that make bras for streetwalkers ... i ca n't think of the word ... you know ... dancers ... strippers . skinny girls with gigantic boobs . ' another fan , 23-year-old blurred lines dancer emily ratajkowski , who went on to score a plum role in the 2014 thriller gone girl , previously modeled for the lingerie retailer . 