new cases : the decision not to prosecute lord janner over historic abuse claims has prompted 30 more alleged victims to come forward . a dossier on lord janner is among 114 files on child sex abuse that has vanished from the home office , it was revealed today . the 1986 janner file is mentioned in an investigation into an alleged government cover up but its contents remain a mystery . the home office has refused to comment on the dossier , which could potentially conceal the name of a second person , it is alleged . last year nspcc boss peter wanless led a review of home office files from 1979 to 1999 and concluded it would be ' impossible ' to unearth this and the other 113 missing files . according to the daily mirror the paper , titled ‘ greville janner mp [ redacted ] re evidence in child abuse cases’ is listed as ‘ not found’ and ‘ presumed transferred to the moj [ ministry of justice ] but not located’ . it came as it emerged up to 30 people have now reportedly told police they were abused by lord janner , with more coming forward since it was announced he will not be charged with child sex offences . publicity surrounding the case has encouraged a new wave of alleged victims to come forward , the times said last night . the news came as britain’s law chief spoke out publicly for the first time since she ruled the former mp would not face a trial because of his dementia . yesterday the director of public prosecutions alison saunders dared her critics to challenge her in court , and said she is not afraid to see the controversial move tested by a high court judge . in an appearance on newsnight she said her decision on lord janner was correct when asked if she would not change her mind . she said : ' no . i’ve considered the decision very carefully . i mean this wasn’t an easy decision to make and i am very aware of the disappointment and frustration that some people will feel around the decision and i feel frustrated that we can not and haven’t been able to prosecute it . scroll down for video . the news came as alison saunders , the new director of public prosecutions , has dared her critics to challenge her in court after she decided lord janner could not face trial because of his alzheimer 's . an explosive dossier compiled by mp geoffrey dickens is believed to be among 114 files known to have been lost or destroyed by the home office . in 1983 the tory mp for huddersfield west said he had eight names of ' really important , public figures ' who unless they were arrested he would ‘ expose in parliament’ . based on his descriptions , these are thought to include mps , civil servants , a diplomat and even a buckingham palace official . some had links to the paedophile information exchange , who wanted sex with children legalised , he said . dickens handed his '40-page dossier ' to the then home secretary leon brittan , which set out allegations of a paedophile circle ‘ operating and networking within and around’ the westminster elite . another copy was kept by mr dickens ' wife and another was allegedly handed to the then director of public prosecutions , sir thomas hetherington and then the police . all the copies vanished and nothing came of the investigations but now the dickens dossier is central to allegations that there was a high level cover-up to protect those in power . ' but i have to apply the code for crown prosecutors and that means i look at the evidence first : i was satisfied there was a realistic prospect of conviction . ' and then i look at the public interest , which means taking into account lord janner’s medical condition and his dementia , which is so severe that in my view he would not be able to stand trial . not just in my view , but more importantly , in the view of the medical experts and we had four medical experts where i was able to take their advice . ’ she also brushed aside calls for her resignation , insisting that ‘ making the right decision is not a resigning issue’ . in an interview with london’s evening standard yesterday , the dpp dismissed claims that she was part of an establishment cover-up . she admitted that she has paid a ‘ heavy price’ for the decision , but said : ‘ if somebody wants to challenge my decision i’m not afraid . ' the proper way to challenge it is through the right to review or a judicial review . i’m confident that if they want to do that my decision will stand up . ’ mrs saunders said she was right to avoid the ‘ easy option’ of sending the case to court for a judge to throw out . last week leicestershire police said they were considering a legal challenge , most likely a high court judicial review . victims also have the right to review charging decisions , but so far no one has come forward with a request . 