inverness cup hero gary warren has called for a change to the ' ridiculous ' rule that will see him banned from a second final in successive seasons . warren picked up his second booking of the competition in sunday 's scottish cup semi-final win over celtic – meaning automatic suspension for the season finale on may 30 . but the central defender , who also missed last year 's league cup final for the same reason , says either the threshold should be raised – or all cards should be wiped from the record for any show-piece final . inverness defender gary warren will miss the scottish cup final after picking up his second yellow card . warren was shown a yellow card for this challenge on celtic 's james forrest ( right ) during the semi-final . ' having two bookings ( as the limit ) in a cup competition is ridiculous , ' said warren . ' especially being a defender , it means you ca n't tackle - and that 's part and parcel of being a defender , making challenges , making interceptions , making blocks . ' to have something like that taken away from you is a little bit gutting . i think it should be looked at . they should either increase the number of bookings needed to get a suspension - or , if you get to the final , wipe it out completely . ' then it 's fair for everyone , every team that gets to the semi-final , whoever is booked knows it 's a clean slate for the final . ' warren knew instantly that he 'd miss the final when ref steven mclean rightly showed him a yellow card for hauling back james forrest . more annoying for the 30-year-old is that his previous booking in the competition came for dissent , as he explaining : ' that was my own fault gobbing off to a referee . that 's disappointing because i should have kept my mouth shut . it was against partick thistle , that 's me getting frustrated and being too gobby to the referee . ' that hurts the most because this one was a tackle and a foul but the first one was a very silly booking . i 'm 30 years old and i should know better . ' when you come into this game you always think about it and wonder what if - but if you start allowing it to play on your mind then you 're going to pull out of tackles . i wo n't do that . warren feels that the rule to have players suspended for amassing just two yellows is ' ridiculous ' . celtic 's adam matthews ( right ) slides in with a challenge on nick ross ( left ) during the scottish cup semi-final . ' after missing last year 's final , i 'm gutted again . it 's just lady luck . you take it on the chin and move on . ' warren says he will definitely not be doing a john terry and turning up in full kit to take part in any celebrations should caley thistle beat falkirk in the final , saying : ' no , that 's not me at all , no chance . i 'll be in the background somewhere , in the stands . ' i suppose you kind of feel not part of it in the final but i 'll still have a few beers . for the size of inverness , as a small club , to get to a final for a second successive year is an unbelievable achievement . ' everything is in our hands . we 've got to bring back silverware for the way we ' ve worked in the last three seasons . ' inverness' edward ofere scores his side 's second goal during the 3-2 win over celtic on sunday . inverness players celebrate david raven 's ( second from right ) winning goal against celtic on sunday . 