a respected law professor from philadelphia is being investigated after allegedly emailing students a link to pornographic footage . lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 under the subject line : ' great article on writing briefs . ' however , when recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' . lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 baring the subject line : ' great article on writing briefs ' . following a number of complaints , the college issued an apology to students . the message read : ' as you may be aware , some students erroneously received an email this morning directing them to a ... post that included some inappropriate material . ' we take this matter seriously and apologize for any upset it may have caused . ' the university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature . mcelroy did not immediately respond to an email sent to her university account by the associated press . when recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' . while an internal investigation gets underway , it 's been reported that mcelroy has been placed on administrative leave from drexel university ( seen above ) . it 's not the first time the married mother-of-two has appeared in the spotlight . in 2010 she starred on who wants to be a millionaire , where she took home $ 5,000 . she is also an accomplished author with a number of published biographies and children 's books . on her website , www.lisamcelroy.com , she describes herself as a ' supreme court junkie . ' she adds that her favorites ways of relaxing include ' crawling under the covers with a dog or two and a really good book ' or ' hanging out ' with her two adolescent daughters . regarding the recent email scandal , david lat - a lawyer and legal commenter -suggests she could have been ' hacked ' or made a 'copy/paste error ' . while an internal investigation gets underway , it 's been reported that mcelroy has been placed on administrative leave .