sunderland boss dick advocaat has insisted it was not a difficult decision to include adam johnson in his squad for saturday 's barclays premier league trip to stoke . advocaat has confirmed the 27-year-old midfielder , who was charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child under 16 and one of grooming on thursday , remains available for selection with the club reviewing the situation . for the time being at least , the black cats ' position remains unchanged , and that means johnson , who has been used as a substitute in the last three games , can play on as sunderland battle relegation . adam johnson leaves peterlee police station on thursday after being charged . johnson leaves the peterlee police station on thursday after learning of the charges against him . the 27-year-old has not been suspended by his club sunderland despite the charges . sunderland manager dick advocaat will not bow to pressure by dropping johnson despite his charges . asked if it was a difficult situation for a coach , advocaat replied : ' no , because the club made a statement about it and i stay behind that , and we will wait and see what the future will bring . ' he still has to come in , but in principle if he feels okay , then he will be a member of the squad . if he 's in the squad , then i will consider him for selection , otherwise he would not be in the squad . ' johnson has already been the target of unsavoury chants from fans of rival clubs , but advocaat is confident that will not be an issue during the final weeks of the season . he said : ' no , i do n't think so . ' advocaat 's comments came after sunderland released a statement outlining their position on the matter . it said : ' following yesterday 's statement from durham constabulary , the club recognises that the formal legal process must take its course and whilst our position remains unchanged , we will keep the matter under review . the club will not be making any further comment . ' johnson is due to appear at peterlee magistrates ' court on may 20 - the black cats face arsenal at the emirates stadium that evening - but in theory , should be available to play in the other five games sunderland have in which to preserve their top-flight status . advocaat 's side currently sit 16th in the table , but just a point clear of the bottom three , and he has set them a target of at least six points to avoid the drop . johnson will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 - the same day sunderland face arsenal . advocaat gives instructions to sunderland winger johnson during a premier league match in march . in the circumstances , he needs all the players he can get , and especially a man who cost £10million when he arrived from manchester city during the summer of 2012 . johnson 's continued presence could prove all the more important after the dutchman revealed that striker steven fletcher travelled to london on friday to consult a specialist over a troublesome ankle injury . he returned to training under new boss dick advocaat and has featured as a substitute in their last three matches , including the 1-0 tyne-wear derby victory over newcastle . johnson stands accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child , contrary to section 9 of the sexual offences act 2003 . the offences are said to have taken place between december 30 last year and february 26 . he has also been charged with meeting a child following sexual grooming under section 15 of the same act . gerry wareham , cps chief crown prosecutor for the north east , said he believes there is a realistic prospect of conviction and it is in the public interest for johnson to be charged . the england international ( right ) was wearing a black tracksuit as he attended the hearing on thursday . johnson was accompanied by his lawyer as the sunderland winger arrived at the police station on thursday . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .