an ohio man who trained with al-qaeda terrorist tried to play off his time abroad as a harmless holiday when questioned by his friends , authorities said . ' i 'm chilling in istanbul , ' abdirahman sheik mohamud wrote a high school friend on facebook . ' just a vacation . ' but federal prosecutors charging mohamud with supporting terrorism and making false statements say he was actually being instructed to carry out a terrorist act in the united states . scroll down for video . abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , faces charges for attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists , attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization , and making false statements to the fbi . he pleaded not guilty to the charges friday in a columbus federal court . mohamud , 23 , a naturalized american , had been instructed by a muslim cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism , a federal indictment said . it said mohamud had told an associate that he wanted to go to a military base in texas and ' kill three or four american soldiers execution-style . ' before traveling from the united states to syria , mohamud had posted material on social media promoting symbols of the islamic state militant group , the indictment said . however , a law enforcement official told reuters that once in syria mohamud and his brother , aden , trained with the nusra front , the local affiliate of al qaeda . in syria he sent videos of himself to an unnamed person , the indictment said . in one video , he pointed to a gun in a holster on his hip , and in another he stood in front of a white house with a black flag on it . mohamud 's brother , abdifatah aden , was killed fighting with the nusra front , according to the indictment . nbc reports that a 17-year-old cousin of mohamud 's in the united kingdom said that mohamud 's older brother had arrived in syria ' to help out the oppressed muslims there . ' however neither brother showed any signs of hating their adopted country . ' ( mohamud ) loved americans , '' he said . ' he was one of them . ' yet another brother , abdiqani aden , has also been arrested and after being accused of making a threatening gesture at a guard while visiting his brother in prison . such accusations are completely foreign to friend mohamed elrayah , who had gotten the ' i 'm chilling ' years after the two lost touch . ' he did normal things — basketball , go to the park , go to the movies on fridays , ' elrayah told nbc news . ' everyone loved being around him . he was a nice person . ' elrayah , three years mohamud 's senior at school , did not recall the accused terrorist-in-training as a particularly religious man when they first met . however in 2011 , he says he say his friend growing a long beard . ' i asked him about it and he said , ' well , i 'm kind of religious now , '' elrayah told reporters , adding that he did not see the new religious interest a sign of being radicalized . in fact , he said he was astonished to hear of the charges . ' i would like to ask him , ' what happened ? ' i just keep thinking , ' what happened to this kid ? '' elrayah told reporters . mohamud 's friends expressed shock the man they knew as a normal , likable student would want to harm the country they believed he 'd embraced as him home . upon his return to the united states , authorities said , mohamud told an unidentified person that while in syria , he had been trained in shooting weapons , breaking into houses , using explosives and engaging in hand-to-hand combat . according to the indictment , mohamud ' wanted to kill americans , and specifically wanted to target armed forces , police officers or any uniformed individuals . ' the indictment said mohamud 's plan was to attack a u.s. military base but that he also had a backup plan to attack a prison . mohamud also waived a detention hearing on friday , and will remain in custody , court documents said . his trial is set for june 22 . the three brother 's mother was widowed last year , and is struggling to comprehend what has happened in her family . ' it 's tragic for her , ' said hassan omar , director of the somali community association of ohio . the larger somali community in the area is also worried about how this will reflect on the nation 's second-biggest community of such immigrants outside of minnesota . roughly half-a-dozen men there were indicted last week after being accused of working to support isis . ' we came barehanded from refugee camps . we created 4,000 businesses in columbus . we have 3,000 or 4,000 kids who have graduated from high school and college , ' omar told nbc . he added : ' this kind of terrorist , or isis or shabab is destroying our image . '