no-fly list : chris roberts , a computer security researcher on his way to give a talk about computer security vulnerabilities at a major conference was told he could n't fly on united airlines saturday , due to comments he 'd made on twitter . united airlines stopped a prominent security researcher from boarding a california-bound flight late saturday , following a social media post by the researcher days earlier suggesting the airline 's onboard systems could be hacked . the researcher , chris roberts , attempted to board a united flight from colorado to san francisco to speak at a major security conference there this week , but was stopped by the airline 's corporate security at the gate . roberts founded one world labs , which tries to discover security risks before they are exploited . roberts had been removed from a united flight on wednesday by the fbi after landing in syracuse , new york , and was questioned for four hours after jokingly suggesting on twitter he could get the oxygen masks on the plane to deploy . authorities also seized roberts ' laptop and other electronics , although his lawyer says he has n't seen a search warrant . a lawyer for roberts said united gave him no detailed explanation on saturday why he was n't allowed on the plane , saying instead the airline would be sending roberts a letter within two weeks stating why they would n't let him fly on their aircraft . ' given mr. roberts ' claims regarding manipulating aircraft systems , we 've decided it 's in the best interest of our customers and crew members that he not be allowed to fly united , ' airline spokesman rahsaan johnson told the associated press . ' however , we are confident our flight control systems could not be accessed through techniques he described . ' when asked what threat roberts posed if united 's systems could n't be compromised , johnson said sunday : ' we made this decision because mr. roberts has made comments about having tampered with aircraft equipment , which is a violation of united policy and something customers and crews should n't have to deal with . ' grounded : united made the decision not to allow roberts to fly on united ' because he had made public statements about having manipulated airfare equipment and aircraft systems ' . in this tweet , roberts speculates on whether he should give the command to drop a 737 's oxygen masks . hacking : once onboard , he pondered on twitter whether he would be able to hack into the flight 's onboard computer settings . in a previous tweet ( seen here ) he posted pictures containing details of aircraft data . concern : roberts was questioned by fbi agents for four hours . all of his computer equipment , including an ipad , a macbook pro , several hard drives and several usb memory sticks were confiscated . johnson said the airline reached roberts several hours before his flight to tell him he could n't fly . but a lawyer for roberts said sunday that when his client received that call , the caller would only say he or she was from united , and would n't give roberts a name or callback number . when roberts then tried calling the number back from his phone 's caller id , it rang instead to a resort hotel , and roberts assumed it was a prank call , roberts ' lawyer said . in recent weeks , roberts gave media interviews in which he discussed airline system vulnerabilities . ' quite simply put , we can theorize on how to turn the engines off at 35,000 feet and not have any of those damn flashing lights go off in the cockpit , ' he told fox news . roberts also told cnn he was able to connect to a box under his seat at least a dozen times to view data from the aircraft 's engines , fuel and flight-management systems . ' it is disappointing that united refused to allow him to board , and we hope that united learns that computer security researchers are a vital ally , not a threat , ' said nate cardozo , a staff attorney with the san francisco-based electronic frontier foundation , which represents roberts . expert ? roberts ' talk that he was about to give was in part about the vulnerabilities of transportation systems . blocked : united is n't happy about chris roberts being on its planes will no longer allow him to fly on its aircraft . cardozo said sunday he has n't seen a copy of a search warrant that would have been used to seize roberts ' electronics , and that he 's working to get the devices returned . the fbi declined to comment on the matter sunday . the government accountability office said last week that some commercial aircraft may be vulnerable to hacking over their onboard wireless networks . ' modern aircraft are increasingly connected to the internet . this interconnectedness can potentially provide unauthorized remote access to aircraft avionics systems , ' its report found . roberts took an alternate flight on southwest airlines and arrived in san francisco saturday evening . he speaks this week at the rsa conference about computer security vulnerabilities .