police are considering manslaughter charges after a man who was violently shaken as a baby died as a result - two decades later . liam dawe , 21 , was born a healthy child but suffered serious and on-going health complications ever since he was assaulted as a four week old . he died at derriford hospital in plymouth , devon in march last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis ' after developing cerebral palsy following the the assault . liam dawe died at derriford hospital ( pictured ) in plymouth , devon , in march last year from 'intra-abdominal sepsis ' after developing cerebral palsy following the the assault . at an inquest into his death in plymouth , coroner ian arrow said : ' on the balance of probability , mr dawe 's health was compromised ( by the assault ) and he died earlier than expected . ' a senior officer attended the hearing and said the law changed in 1996 that meant an act was presumed not to have caused a person 's death if it happened more than a year before . but det con insp david elliott said as mr dawe 's injuries were caused in 1993 before the rules came into force , fresh manslaughter charges could still be brought . the inquest heard that liam , of tavistock , devon , was born an otherwise ' normal , healthy baby with no concerns ' in 1993 , but was shaken at just four weeks old . police are considering manslaughter charges after liam dawe died two decades after being assaulted as a four week old . as a result of an injury to the brain , mr dawe developed severe cerebral palsy , epilepsy and visual impairment as well as learning , feeding and respiratory difficulties . he was admitted to derriford hospital on march 4 of last year with jaundice and later died on march 25 after his condition deteriorated following a laparotomy to treat an intra-abdominal sepsis . his gp dr jo coldron said : ' there was no health concern at birth , but at four-weeks-old , liam suffered from a non-accidental injury that led to learning difficulties , cerebral palsy muscle spasms , scoliosis , epilepsy , an unprotected airway and respiratory difficulties . ' on march 4 , liam was admitted to derriford hospital . he was slightly jaundiced but otherwise seemed well . ' he was later admitted to icu , but there was no clear source for his abdominal sepsis . the ' year and a day rule ' stated that an act was presumed not to have caused a person to die if more than a year and a day had elapsed before death . the ancient rule , which applied to death and suicide , was abolished under the law reform act 1996 amid medical advances . however , the permission of the attorney general is still required for any prosecution where it is claimed that the death occurred more than three years after the act , or when the offender has previously been convicted of an offence in connection with the death . ' on march 12 , he was discharged by icu onto the ward where his condition deteriorated before he died on march 25 . ' dci elliott attended the inquest to assess the assault mr dawe sustained as a baby to determine its significance in his death . he said : ' the question asked of us was if somebody would be prosecuted for manslaughter . ' the adult who assaulted liam when he was four weeks old was convicted and sent to prison for 12 months imprisonment . ' liam was shaken at four weeks old and his injuries resulted in ongoing health problems . ' the assault was a deliberate act and , at the time , the question was whether the adult intended to cause grievous bodily harm . ' in june 1996 , there was a law change to the `` year and a day '' rule which stated an act was presumed not to have caused a person 's death if more than a year and a day had elapsed before death . ' however , as the injuries were sustained in january 1993 , the rule still stands . ' coroner ian arrow concluded the cause of liam 's death was 'intra-abdominal sepsis in an individual with severe cerebral palsy . '