reading manager steve clarke insists the fa cup needs protecting after some dubious scheduling decisions . earlier in the competition the third round ties were split over five days due to new years day premier league matches and to accommodate televised games . reading had to play their fa cup replay against bradford in the last round on a monday when they had played a championship match two days previously . steve clarke wants scheduling of matches in england to improve so the fa cup can be preserved . should they progress to the final , that will be contested on may 30 leaving clarke’s side almost a month without games when the championship season ends on may 2 . the massive premier league match between chelsea and manchester united is also scheduled to be televised at the same time as their semi-final against arsenal at wembley on saturday . clarke claimed he ‘couldn’t care less’ about the conflicting match , but added : ‘ i thought it was a shame in the last round when we had to play on a monday night after playing on a saturday . reading beat bradford in the last round but face a much tougher task when they face arsenal at wembley . ' there are things that we should do to protect this great competition . it should be special . ‘ when we beat arsenal , we have to wait four weeks after our last league game to play the cup final , this is also not correct . ' i probably need to go on holiday for two of them and then bring the team back in . it 's a long break . ‘ if we get to the final , what are we going to do from may 2 to may 30 ? what do we do ? everyone else has played , so we wo n't be playing games . ' it 'd be a great puzzle to have though . let’s talk about it on saturday night . ’ reading defender alex pearce revealed the players are waiting until after the match on saturday before booking any time off in may in case they beat arsenal . ‘ holidays are off until now , you can’t book anything , you’ve got to just see where you are and it would be great , ’ he said . ‘we’re all committed and dedicated to getting to this final . ’ arsene wenger 's side are in formidable form and beating them will be a tough ask for the royals .