they had only one shot at it , with the masked raider wriggling clear of security in the 88th minute and making his way into the penalty area undetected . this was the second london heist in a week , with the loftus road imposter easily identifiable when he whipped off his head gear in front of qpr’s stunned supporters . cesc fabregas was the diamond when he worked the opening , following the carefully laid out plans of eden hazard and substitute oscar to pull off this unlikely job for chelsea . the finish called for precision . cesc fabregas arrives late on to convert eden hazard 's pass and secure all three points for chelsea at loftus road . fabregas celebrates with branislav ivanovic after scoring a late goal which was harsh on qpr , but sent chelsea seven clear . jose mourinho’s team are within inches of the silverware — the barclays premier league crown — after this dramatic game of smash and grab . rob green had been on guard throughout , but the crestfallen rangers keeper made the mistake that allowed chelsea to extend their lead at the top of the table again . you snooze , you lose . it was an important victory for mourinho , keeping arsenal at arm’s length by recording their 22nd victory of the season in the premier league . ‘ we have been at the top throughout , ’ he declared . nemanja matic hugs his goalscoring team-mate fabregas as joey barton and charlie austin look on dejected at the final whistle . charlie austin lets fly from long range , the best effort for either side in a first half lacking quality in front of goal . where they rank among the great teams to win the title , such as the manchester united vintages ( 1999 and 2009 ) or arsenal’s ‘invincibles’ ( 2004 ) — is of no concern to the portuguese . chelsea’s manager has put together a team to win the league , grinding down the opposition until they eventually lift the trophy , probably later this month . they are relentless , we know that . here at loftus road they were met with the resistance of their noisy neighbours qpr , surviving the screams and shouts from the stands to stretch their lead over arsenal to seven points . thibaut courtois made a stunning save to deny austin , as chelsea 's belgian goalkeeper kept qpr 's forwards at bay . they will meet at the emirates on april 26 , but chelsea are equipped to survive the sternest and stiffest tests that domestic competition can throw at them . even arsene wenger knows a title-winning team when he sees one . chelsea had only one shot on target , an improbable statistic for a team that can call upon the dancing feet of hazard , willian , substitute oscar and fabregas .  joey barton ( above ) was everywhere for qpr , but ramires ( below ) failed to have much impact . click here to see more from match zone .  qpr : green 5.5 , isla 6.5 ( dunne 90 mins ) , onuoha 7 , caulker 7 , hill 7 , phillips 6.5 , barton 6.5 , sandro 6.5 ( kranjcar 81 6 ) , henry 6.5 , austin 6.5 , zamora 6.5 ( hoilett 83 5.5 ) subs not used : mccarthy , mitchell , grego-cox , comley . booked : zamora , sandro . chelsea : courtois 7.5 , ivanovic 6.5 , cahill 6.5 , terry 7 , azpilicueta 7 , ramires 5 ( oscar 56 6 ) , matic 6 , willian 6.5 ( cuadrado 80 5.5 ) , fabregas 6.5 ( zouma 90 ) , hazard 6 , drogba 6 . subs not used : cech , luis , mikel , brown . booked : drogba . goal : fabregas 88 . referee : andre marriner . man of the match : courtois .  ratings by sami mokbel . chelsea were careless in possession , knocked out of their rhythm by the boisterous presence of karl henry , sandro and the bristling figure of joey barton strung out across the qpr midfield . this defeat feels tough on them because anyone who can sedate nemanja matic and ramires over the course of 90 minutes probably deserves a bit more . the pair were over-run in that chelsea midfield . rangers have found an outlet in the willing , emerging figure of matt phillips down their right flank . they have to use and abuse him to stand a chance of staying up . chelsea 's cesar azpilicueta wins the ball from qpr 's in-form winger matt phillips as the league leaders attempted to control the game . he looked to be their one chance of making something happen , a shuttlecock on that halfway line as he flitted in and out of chelsea’s half . cesar azpilicueta will be glad to see the back of him . so will gary cahill , the chelsea defender who bravely intercepted phillips’s dangerous first-half crosses from that cultured right boot . phillips was a menace on that wing . he had a massive chance to put rangers in front at the start of the second half , denied by the anticipation of chelsea keeper thibaut courtois when the belgian moved to his left to turn the shot away for a corner . joey barton battles with chelsea 's cesc fabregas , who was wearing a mask after a collision with charlie adam against stoke last week . when that failed , rangers went old school , lofting balls into the box in the hope that forwards bobby zamora or charlie austin would get their head onto one of them . even against chelsea captain john terry and the commanding presence of cahill , the agricultural approach almost worked . terry was hammered by qpr fans , choking on the abuse from the stands because of his exchange here with their former centre half anton ferdinand in october 2011 . didier drogba , starting in the absence of diego costa and loic remy , is tackled by steven caulker at loftus road . john terry , whose every touch was booed by the loftus road crowd , wins the ball ahead of bobby zamora to clear the danger . chelsea’s captain has learned to deal with it , but the trip to loftus road is possibly as poisonous as it gets for terry . he can take his medicine . rangers were shooting from anywhere , with austin’s looping effort falling neatly into courtois’ arms from long range and later drawing a stunning save to the keeper’s right with another poke from distance . even barton shanked an effort wide of courtois’ goal when he was put clean through after the break . they gave this a right , old-fashioned go . clint hill puts in a tough tackle on chelsea 's brazilian winger willian as qpr battled hard and matched chelsea in the first half . loftus road was a bear pit , with just under 20,000 rangers crammed into this stadium to watch them match their west london rivals for blood and guts . under manager chris ramsey , they have renewed their faith . rangers have given themselves a chance of getting out of the mess at the foot of the table after that handsome 4-1 win at west brom earlier this month , followed by a 3-3 draw with aston villa . there is a noticeable shift in mentality , pulling together as they approach the final five games — west ham , liverpool , manchester city , newcastle and leicester — of the season . three are winnable . chelsea chairman bruce buck ( left ) and owner roman abramovich share a joke as they watch their team in action at loftus road . the russian was celebrating his 700th game as chelsea owner since taking over the west london club in 2003 . terry has to stretch to stop the ball getting through to zamora as the hosts created the better chances in the first half . gary cahill stuck tight to austin as the qpr front two caused plenty of problems with their direct style of play . terry clashed with austin on a number of occasions , in particular when he felt the qpr striker had followed through on courtois . chelsea are masters at this , calling on the pedigree of hazard , in his 100 appearance in the premier league , oscar and the timing of fabregas to secure this narrow win . it was their first chance , the only time in this game when they properly opened up the central defensive pairing of steven caulker and nedum onuoha . the man in the mask was there to finish the job , scoring in the league for the first time since chelsea won 2-0 on the road at stoke on december 22 . ‘it’s like failing a driving test , ’ admitted qpr’s manager . here at loftus road , fabregas turned out to be the getaway driver . a qpr fan shouts abuse at chelsea 's brazilian midfielder oscar as the player prepares to take a corner late on . buck and abramovich watch the action unfold at loftus road as chelsea take another step closer to the premier league title .