she might be well into her eighth decade but bette carrouze , 78 , from brighton , has no intention of hanging up her dancing shoes . instead , the single mother of two is partying away her final years on brighton 's gay scene and regularly emerges from clubs in the early hours of the morning . but her penchant for partying is n't entirely without its pitfalls , with the pensioner admitting that proffering a bus pass in the early hours while ' stinking of vodka ' can be a bit embarrassing . party pensioner : bette carouze , 78 , loves all night parties and regularly enjoys nights out . having fun : bette adores gay clubs and frequently leaves in the early hours of the morning . ' you can start drinking at one , and it finishes at six and it 's a bit embarrassing getting on a bus with your bus pass - going home stinking of vodka , ' admits mrs carrouze . mrs carrouze , who lives in sheltered accommodation complete with pull-cords and assistance in case she falls over , says other pensioners are boring and spend their time complaining about sore knees and their false teeth . ' i 'm not your run of the mill pensioner even though i 've had my bus pass for 18 years , ' says mrs carrouze who usually hits the town with her friend terry . ' i made a vow a few years back that when i reached 60 that i would grow old disgracefully and it 's quite nice to know that yes that 's happened . ' i do n't want to go back to ironing shirts and saying : `` here 's your dinner darling '' . ' partner in crime : bette 's neighbour terry ( right ) often joins her for nights out . letting off steam : bette says she is making up for all the hard work put in to raising her daughters alone . support : daughters kim and sue are both supportive of their mother 's party lifestyle . daughters kim and sue are supportive of their mother 's lifestyle , even if sue does like to crack the odd joke about it being time to swap cocktails for crocheting . ' i think the boys love her because she 's outrageous , stays out late , does all the things that she should n't do , ' she continues . ' she 's an exhibitionist which they love . ' ' i do n't go out every night of the week but whenever i go out i know i will walk into a bar , and it 's just fantastic , ' adds mrs carrouze . ' i absolutely dreaded being 40 - i thought `` that 's so old '' - but here i am two years off being 80 and thanking god for where i am and what i 'm doing . ' having a good time : bette says she is n't the ' run of the mill ' pensioner and has no intention of slowing down . growing old disgracefully : bette says she hoped to grow old disgracefully and says she is very happy .