ed miliband pledged to crackdown on the illegal exploitation of migrant workers by promising a home office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers . exploitation has driven low-skilled migration and held down wages for british workers , the labour leader said during an outing in wirral west earlier today . a new unit of 100 staff would work with the gangmasters licensing authority , specialist police units and home office enforcement staff , he added . but nigel farage and tory immigration minister james brokenshire dismissed mr miliband 's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration . scroll down for video . ed miliband , pictured during his speech today , pledged to crackdown on the illegal exploitation of migrant workers by promising a home office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers . the ukip leader said he was right about some migrants being exploited but insisted it was not the main issue . he told sky news : ' it 's a big diversion . is he right that some people who come here are exploited and abused ? yes of course he 's right , there 's no doubt there are problems out there . ' but it is not the main issue . the main issue is we have too many people allowed to come here which is pushing down people 's wages . ' in his speech mr miliband insisted that there was an ' epidemic of exploitation ' . he said : ' so many of the secure jobs that once defined the places people live have gone . ' low pay . low skills . temporary jobs . poor prospects . zero hours contracts . this is the story of our economy for so many people in this country . ' and it is in these low skill , insecure workplaces where migrant labour is often concentrated . ' too often this anything-goes economy damages the interests of the working people of the country . people who live in the most appalling , cramped conditions , sleeping 20 to a house ; people who are paid well below the minimum wage ; people who have their wages stolen . ' but nigel farage ( right ) and tory immigration minister james brokenshire ( left ) dismissed mr miliband 's ideas and said he was doing nothing to control immigration . in his speech in pensby , northern england , mr miliband insisted that there was an ' epidemic of exploitation ' . he added that the exploitation was driving down standards for other employers . ' it makes it harder for responsible employers to do the right thing and pay decent wages , ' he said . ' it is an epidemic of exploitation and we will end it . ' he also used the speech to promise labour would do more to secure the borders - with 1,000 extra staff at ports - and help integration . this will include requiring people to speak english , particularly when they work in the public sector and nhs . mr miliband said : ' labour got it wrong in the past . we have listened . we have learned and we have changed . ' let me be clear . it is not prejudiced to be concerned about immigration . as prime minister , i will always address concerns not ignore them . as prime minister , i will always put working families first . ' that 's why we 'll have proper controls and rules because at the heart of our programme in 2015 is working people . ' he even referred to his parents fleeing to britain from nazi germany in an attempt to win the audience round . the labour leader , pictured greeting staff and students at pensby high school , also used the speech to promise labour would do more to secure the borders - with 1,000 extra staff at ports - and help integration . meanwhile prime minister david cameron ( left ) took part the vaisakhi nagar kirtan procession at guru nanak darbar gurdwara with his wife samantha ( right ) . he said : ' they found a country that welcomed them and offered them the opportunity to build a new life . to start a family . to work hard and make a contribution . ' i would n't be standing here today , asking you to elect me your prime minister , if it was n't for the generosity of this great country . ' steve murphy , general secretary of the building workers union ucatt , said : ' this commitment demonstrates that labour is serious about ending the misery caused by the exploitation of migrant workers and rightly targets the employers who profit through the mistreatment of workers . ’ but mr brokenshire , speaking before mr miliband 's speech , said that ' nothing ' in labour’s proposal would help . he said : ' labour sent out `` search parties for people '' and under them net migration increased more than five-fold . ' since 2010 , the conservatives have stripped more than 850 bogus colleges of their rights to sponsor foreign students , cracked down on illegal working and sham marriages , made it harder for people to live in the uk illegally and reduced the number of appeal routes to stop spurious attempts to remain in the country . ' and the next conservative government will seek changes to the operation of european free movement rules as a key part of our plan to renegotiate britain 's relationship with the eu . ‘ a vote for ed miliband would risk all of that with a labour-snp stitch up . '