police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan on sunday for clues related to the disappearance of a woman who was last seen at halloween wearing a poison ivy costume . chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , has been missing almost six months , police said . monroe county sheriff 's major jeff kemp reported that the search was arranged after investigators received a tip from a citizen about the area in flat rock . ' all i can say … is we 're looking for evidence , ' the sheriff 's office said . he declined to discuss media reports that part of chelsea 's costume were found . scroll down for video . a new search was conducted on sunday in the case of missing chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , who was last seen dressed as batman villain poison ivy at a halloween party on october 25 attended by around 800 people . miss bruck , 22 , from maybee has not been seen since the early hours of october 26 , 2014 despite extensive searches on foot and by helicopter to locate her . the maybee woman was dressed as the comic villain poison ivy when she attended a halloween party october 26 in frenchtown township . the costume included a leaf-covered top and dark purple wig . that was the last time she was seen at the outdoor party at a rural farmhouse which was attended by around 800 people , 35 miles southwest of detroit . her mother , leannda bruck , told ap that detectives were actively working on the case but declined to say anything else . sheriff 's deputies and flat rock police conducted the search on sunday night focusing on an area near the flat rock assembly plant . daily mail online was awaiting a comment from the flat rock police department on monday . jennifer bruck , left , prays for sister chelsea with parents matt and leannda bruck and other family and friends who turned to public prayer in monroe , michigan last october . she has not been seen for six months . police have interviewed multiple people and investigated hundreds of tips over the past six months . a witness reported seeing miss bruck walking about 3am with a man as the party was winding down.the sheriff 's office published a sketch of the man she was seen with in a parking lot . the dark-haired man had thin stubble and wore glasses with a black hoodie . the man has not been identified and police have not named him as a suspect . two were charged separating for telling police lies about the missing woman . in a missing person appeal , chelsea bruck is described as 5'7 ' tall , 140lbs , blonde , with a small anchor tattoo behind her right ear . she was last seen wearing black yoga pants , a black wig and a leaf-covered vest . anyone with information about the case is asked to call the monroe county sheriff 's office at ( 734 ) 240-7700 or monroe county central dispatch at ( 734 ) 243-7070 . authorities released this sketch of the man miss bruck was seen with in a parking lot around 3am following a party in frenchtown township , michigan just before halloween . her sister , kassandra bruck , 24 , told the detroit free press last year that the family is encouraging people to share photos of chelsea - across michigan and beyond . she told nbc : ' this is 100 % uncharacteristic , it 's not anything she would do . she even told my mom , ''i 'm not staying long . i 'll be back in a couple of hours . '' this has just broken my parents . ' ms bruck told cbs on monday that she was ' very hopeful ' her sister would be found alive . the party host mike williams , 30 , told the paper he had been forced to close the party , intended for 500 people , after around 800 revelers turned up . he added that he had n't seen miss bruck at the party at all . a gofundme campaign to help find miss bruck has raised close to $ 9,000 . missing posters offered a close-up of an anchor-shaped tattoo behind miss bruck 's right ear .