manchester city 's faltering season has been hit by another blow after it emerged vincent kompany may miss the remainder of the campaign . the influential captain was substituted during sunday 's 4-2 derby defeat at manchester united - a result that effectively ended their hopes of retaining their title and left them looking over their shoulders as they attempt to secure champions league football . and the under-fire chilean boss , speaking ahead of sunday 's visit of west ham united , revealed kompany may not be seen again this term . vincent kompany is not guaranteed to return this season after injuring himself in the manchester derby . kompany could have been sent off for a challenge on daley blind before being substituted last weekend . ' he is injured , ' said pellegrini . ' it 's very difficult to know . he has a muscle injury . we do n't know how many weeks . we do n't know if he will be fit from now until the end of the season . ' pellegrini claimed he did not feel under pressure despite speculation mounting that he may be sacked at the end of a disappointing year . manuel pellergini claims he is not concerned by the mounting pressure over his position at the etihad . bundesliga managers jurgen klopp ( left ) and pep guardiola have been linked with a move to city . ' my pressure is always the same , ' he said . ' to try and win every game . last year ( there ) was more pressure when we were fighting for the title . it 's the worst moment but the pressure to recover is not same . ' he added that he was not hurt when he heard other managers such as bayern munich boss pep guardiola and departing borussia dortmund manager jurgen klopp linked with his own job . ' every time you manage an important club , every big club , if you do n't have results the club deserves everyone talks about changing manager . i trust a lot in the work i do . nobody is happy with results . it 's not logical to sack the manager . i do n't think that 's the right diagnosis . ' the reigning champions have slipped from serious title challengers to fears over not finishing in the top four . pellegrini added that he took the blame for a record that his seen city win just four of their last 15 matches . ' it 's always my responsibility for the squad . i choose the players . i always trust my players and its always my responsibility . ' pellegrini is also expected to be without long-term injury victims stevan jovetic and wilfried bony for the visit of sam allardyce 's hammers . he added that james milner ( knee ) and gael clichy ( groin ) would also miss out . 