a 10-year-old boy who beat a younger child to death in canada went to his friends claiming that he had witnessed a ' big guy ' strike the victim with a rock . lee allan bonneau , 6 , died from blunt force trauma to the head in august 2013 following a savage attack on a reservation in saskatchewan . a 10-year-old boy , identified in court documents as l.t. , reportedly admitted to killing lee bonneau and crushing his head after initially blaming a stranger for the slaying . slain : lee allan bonneau was 6 years old when in august 2013 he was attacked by a 10-year-old boy and beaten to death with a rock and a stick . brief life : lee was pronounced dead from severe head injuries four hours after he went missing in saskatchewan , canada , while in the care of his foster mother . tribute : a collage created by lee 's biological family celebrating his short , troubled life . on thursday , a coroner 's jury in regina heard how the underage suspect ran to his friends after the attack on bonneau telling them he had witnessed a murder , reported national post . the troubled 10-year-old was described as appearing scared but also excited , telling his friends how a ' big guy ' had struck lee with a stick three times , pushed him down an embankment and then bashed him with a rock . l.t . then changed his story , according to thursday 's hearing , saying the he was the one who killed the 6-year-old . he then pleaded with his pals , ' do n't tell on me , ' because he was afraid of being jailed . during an interview with investigators a day after lee bonneau 's slaying august 21 , 2013 , l.t . reverted back to his original version of events , telling royal canadian mounted police that a ' big person ' committed the crime . the 10-year-old named the purported killer and told law enforcement officials that he even walked up to the man and asked him what he was doing . ' i 'm just killing a little boy , ' l.t . quoted the man as saying . police later questioned the person identified by l.t . and cleared him of any wrongdoing . on the evening of august 21 , 2013 , lee bonneau accompanied his foster mother , mary ramstead , to a bingo game at the kahkewistahaw first nation hall . at around 8pm , lee stepped outside the bingo venue to buy snacks and never returned . he was last seen playing with some dogs and walking in the company of an older boy , later identified as 10-year-old l.t . more than two hours after his disappearance , lee was found critically injured in a remote field more than half a mile from the bingo hall . a coroner 's inquest has heard how a 10-year-old boy named l.t . attacked the younger child , pictured here as an infant on the evening of august 21 , 2013 on a reservation . family troubles : lee was removed from the home of his biological mother , stacey merk ( pictured ) just two and a half months before his murder . lee is pictured here with his birth father , dave bonneau . child servers reportedly refused to release the 6-year-old into his parent 's care . the 6-year-old was rushed to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead from his injuries at around midnight . forensic pathologist dr shaun ladhman determined that lee died from blunt force trauma to the left side of the head after suffering multiple skull fractures . in his testimony at the coroner 's inquest thursday , ladhman compared the boy 's injuries to those seen in high-speed car collisions or a three-story fall . bonneau also had bite marks on his body . because of his young age , 10-year-old l.t . has not been charged with lee bonneau 's murder . global news reported that saskatchewan’s children’s advocate determined the underage killer had severe behavioral issues and likely required constant supervision . rcmp cpl . donna zawislak testified court that when officers came to the child 's house and said that lee bonneau has died , the 10-year-old did not react . the following day , l.t . sat down for a forensic interview , saying he had been a witness to the killing , not the perpetrator . when asked about the blood stains on his clothes and shoes , the 10-year-old blamed it on a nosebleed . the child had a history of troubling behavior , including a break-in where he killed a pregnant dog and her puppies , which had been cut out of the animal 's body . lee had been removed from the home of his biological mother , stacey merk , just two and a half months before his death citing concerns related to his verbal skills and behavioral problems . violent end : a pathologist testified that 6-year-old lee suffered injuries often observed in high-speed car collisions . he had multiple skull fractures and bite marks on his body . lies : the troubled 10-year-old was described as appearing scared but also , telling his friends after the killing how a ' big guy ' had struck lee . unpunished : l.t . will not face any charges in connection to lee bonneau 's death because of his young age . during the coroner’s inquest , ms merk testified that a social worker became alarmed when she confided in her that she has been struggling with depression and had suicidal thoughts . on august 1 , child services placed lee with mary ramstead 's family on a temporary basis . three weeks later , the 6-year-old was murdered while in the care of his foster mother . l.t . will not face any charges in connection to lee bonneau 's death because of his young age . the goal of the coroner 's inquest is to determine the circumstances of the murder and make recommendations to prevent similar tragedies going forward . 