in an effort to counter rival netflix 's entry into the australian market , cable tv 's foxtel will launch the third season of the critically acclaimed us women 's prison drama orange is the new black by screening every episode in a full season marathon . a kink in the agreement with us studio lionsgate - under which both foxtel and rival netflix share the rights - allows foxtel to offer episodes of the series as an on-demand streaming title as well . pedestrian.tv website reports that the one lingering issue that adversely affects netflix 's operations in australia is pre-existing distribution deals cut for its original shows in markets where , previously , it did n't exist . taylor schilling ( left ) is the main character in netflix series orange is the new black . in australia , this applies to the way orange is the new black was shown ' legally ' in the country , leaving the door open for foxtel to screen the series . foxtel 's priority distribution is the traditional one episode at a time airing method . and all episodes must air in this manner before they can offer the program as an on demand option . however , when the third season of the prison drama premieres on netflix on june 12 , foxtel will also begin showing the entire season in one continuous marathon , beginning at the same time . the established prison drama is currently one of netflix 's flagship tv shows . doing this means that when the marathon is completed around 14 or so hours later , foxtel can then upload the entire season and offer the episodes on an on-demand basis for customers . the popular tv series is based on the book of the same name , by piper kerman , about a woman who is sent to prison for a crime she committed in her youth . it 's a cast that includes taylor schilling , kate mulgrew , natasha lyonne and australian actress yael stone . the tv series is about a woman who is sent to prison for a crime she committed in her youth . the sydney morning herald reports that former mtv australia and foxtel presenter ruby rose appears in the show 's third season , reportedly as a prisoner who becomes in involved with both piper ( schilling ) and alex ( laura prepon ) . in the us , the series is one of the major titles for netflix there , though the organisation recently clashed with the academy of television arts and sciences , which controls the emmy awards , over whether the show is considered a comedy or a drama . the upshot is that orange is the new black must now compete as a drama at this year 's emmy awards , a move which means the series will compete directly against netflix 's other flagship show house of cards . in the us , the series is hugely popular and is one of the major titles for netflix there .   