more than 1,000 crimes have been created by the coalition in a frenzy of law-making – including a ban on washing clothes in trafalgar square . the legislative splurge is equivalent to introducing a new law for every working day . in the coalition agreement , the tories and lib dems pledged to roll back labour’s ‘ state intrusion’ , promising a bonfire of pointless powers . but research shows the government has invented 22 ways of criminalising the public every month . the so-called crimes include diving into the thames without authority , queue-jumping at a tube station and hogging the middle lane of a motorway . making it an offence to wash or dry clothes in parliament or trafalgar squares was designed to prevent protesters setting up camp at tourist spots . offenders can be fined £200 . between may 2010 and may 2014 – the latest year for which information is available – ministers created 1,073 offences . during the 13 years labour was in power , 4,300 offences were placed on the statute book – approximately one every day . meanwhile , other antiquated laws remain in force that are simply baffling . londoners planning to do some diy can load timber straight into their car , but under section 54 of the metropolitan police act 1839 it is illegal to carry a plank across a pavement , punishable with a £500 fine . spring cleaning can also put a person on the wrong side of the law . section 28 of the town police clauses act 1847 makes it an offence to beat a carpet in a london street after 8am . ben rose , a partner at law firm hickman & rose , which carried out the research , said : ‘ the law-making machine has become an unstoppable juggernaut . ’ more than 1,000 crimes have been created by the coalition in a frenzy of law-making – including a ban on washing clothes in trafalgar square ( above ) . josie appleton , of the manifesto club , which campaigns against excessive regulation , said : ‘ creating so many trivial crimes brings the law into disrepute . ’ the ministry of justice said 696 crimes had been removed from the statute books over the four-year period – meaning the net number of new laws was 377 . here are some of the more unusual crimes created since may 2010 : old crimes still enforceable :