a white supremacist with a split tongue and ' satan ' tattooed on his face has been sentenced to life in prison for stabbing a black man to death . david adam pate from lancaster , north carolina , told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old ricky james 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in november 2013 . the 25-year-old serial criminal , who pleaded guilty to the murder on thursday , told police he just wanted to ' cut his dad gum head off , ' and that he cut him with a butcher 's knife , ' just like the one michael myers used in ( the movie ) halloween . ' during an interview after his arrest , he even blamed the victim for the murder , saying : ' it was his fault . why would anyone go drinking and go into the woods with someone who looks like me ? ' scroll down for video . jailed : david adam pate , 25 , ( mugshot from 2013 left and in court on thursday right ) from lancaster , north carolina told his mother he enjoyed knifing 33-year-old ricky james 39 times after luring him into some woods with wine in november 2013 . he was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole for the slaying . during the sentencing hearing , james 's two brothers described him as the ' devil ' , admitting that they wanted him to suffer in prison . one of them , who spoke at his sentencing , said a man like that ' does n't deserve to live on this earth ' before storming out of the court screaming in distress . according to the charlotte observer , police found at least 20 knives , both store bought and homemade , and more than 20 masks in pate 's home after he was arrested , when children who were playing in the woodland found the victim 's decomposing body . he was already in jail at the time , having been arrested for disorderly conduct two weeks before . as he was booked into custody , officers took a frightening mugshot of pate . he stuck out his split tongue and revealed a 974 tattoo on his neck - the sign of the white power gang , gangster disciples . emotionless : prosecutors said pate deserved to die in prison . he has never offered the james family an apology for the ' senseless and remorseless ' act . confession : the 25-year-old told police during a taped interview used a butcher 's knife , ' just like the one michael myers used in ( the movie ) halloween ' to kill james ( right ) . during a police interview , he described how he covered james 's remains up because he wanted to kill someone in the same place . he said he tied james with a rope from neck to ankles so that he could drag the body away after the stabbing site , but was too drunk and tired to continue to try and drag james 's body to a nearby creek . prosecutors added they they thought pate deserved to die behind bars . solicitor randy newman told the court : ' this is an evil man standing before you . if anyone deserves life in prison , it 's david pate . ' judge dan hall sentenced pate to life in prison with no chance for parole , calling the murder a ' senseless and remorseless ' act . pate has never spoken to the family or offered an apology . horrifying : after he was arrested pate even blamed the victim for the murder , saying : ' it was his fault . why would anyone go drinking and go into the woods with someone who looks like me . '   