two mothers may have had best tax day of their lives on wednesday after giving birth on the irs deadline and receiving a college fund for their newborn from the state of georgia . a savannah baby and a baby in atlanta has been awarded $ 1,529 for college expenses as part of a state sweepstake draw before even turning 10-hours-old . the savannah morning news reports levi jarrett millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. wednesday , making him this year’s first tax day baby at memorial university medical center . new addition : levi jarrett millspaugh was born at 2:38 a.m. wednesday , making him this year’s first tax day baby at memorial university medical center . the donation , made by path2college 529 plan , is given to the first child born each year on tax day at memorial . this is the second year for the tax day baby celebration . ' how often do you wake up and find your baby has a college savings before he’s even 10 hours old ? ' aaron millspaugh , whose son levi jarrett was born at memorial university medical center in savannah early on wednesday . ' we were 100 percent surprised , ' millspaugh told foxnews . ' they came in to the room around 8:30 and told us the news . we had no idea . we thought we would just have the baby and head home to start our family . ' director of women’s services at memorial rosalind jackson says the celebration helps put the tax day baby on the path to educational success . this event is also part of a statewide newborn sweepstakes where families who welcome a baby in 2015 can enter for a chance to win a $ 5,529 college savings plan . lucky baby : the other lucky winner was a baby named johnathan , the newborn child of david choe and his wife jennifer . ' this is a great way to set our `` tax day baby '' on the road to educational success , ' said rosalind jackson . ' we try to make every birth experience at memorial a positive one and this partnership with path2college makes it even more exciting for this special family . ' this is the second time the event was held at the savannah hospital but it is the fifth year the gift was awarded at northside hospital in atlanta . the other lucky winner was a baby named johnathan , the newborn child of david choe and his wife jennifer . ' it was a total surprise , ' david told foxnews.com . ' education has always been a top priority for our children . ' david said that he and his wife were told six hours after jonathan’s birth that they would be getting a small college savings fund and that they were thrilled . ' this is a good head start , ' he said . ' it will definitely make us more proactive in saving for his education . ' never too early : david said that he and his wife were told six hours after jonathan’s birth that they would be getting a small college savings fund and that they were thrilled .