the respected law professor from philadelphia now being investigated after allegedly emailing students a link to pornographic footage , was once a contestant on who wants to be a millionaire , it has emerged . lisa mcelroy , a 50-year-old drexel professor , appeared on the show in 2010 while it was still hosted my meredith vieira . and like her apparent march 31 email mishap , her game show appearance ended with a very public mistake . mcelroy , who teaches legal writing , got tripped up on the $ 12,500 level after flying through the first few questions , notes philly.com . wishes she was a millionaire : drexel law profesor professor lisa mcelroy allegedly sent a link to a pornographic website to her students . in 2010 , she appeared on the tv game show who wants to be a milionaire . mother of two : the mother of two shared an anecdote with then-host meredith vieira about having to scramble to find a babysitter for her kids and someone to teach her class after learning she was to appear on the show just two days before taping . lost it : mcelroy was tripped up on the $ 12,500 question . despite having used two lifelines , she answered wrong and walked away with around $ 5,000 . the questions read : ' as a result of general motor’s bankruptcy declaration in 2009 , what foreign government became one of its largest shareholders ? ' even after using two of her lifelines to narrow down the answer , mcelroy answered china , which was incorrect . the correct answer was canada . she walked away with around $ 5,000 . mcelroy , who is a children 's book and biography author , is apparently also a mother . she opened the appearance by sharing an anecdote with vieira about having to scramble to find a babysitter after being informed she was chosen to be on millionaire jsut two days prior to taping . she 's accused of sending the inappropriate message this past march 31 under the subject line : ' great article on writing briefs . ' however , when recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' . lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the inappropriate message on march 31 baring the subject line : ' great article on writing briefs ' . following a number of complaints , the college issued an apology to students . the message read : ' as you may be aware , some students erroneously received an email this morning directing them to a ... post that included some inappropriate material . ' we take this matter seriously and apologize for any upset it may have caused . ' the university says federal law requires it investigate all reports of inappropriate behaviors of a sexual nature . mcelroy did not immediately respond to an email sent to her university account by the associated press . when recipients opened the enclosed link , philly.com reports that they were directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act ' . it 's not the first time the married mother-of-two has appeared in the spotlight . she is also an accomplished author with a number of published biographies and children 's books . on her website , www.lisamcelroy.com , she describes herself as a ' supreme court junkie . ' she adds that her favorites ways of relaxing include ' crawling under the covers with a dog or two and a really good book ' or ' hanging out ' with her two adolescent daughters . regarding the recent email scandal , david lat - a lawyer and legal commenter -suggests she could have been ' hacked ' or made a 'copy/paste error ' . while an internal investigation gets underway , it 's been reported that mcelroy has been placed on administrative leave . while an internal investigation gets underway , it 's been reported that mcelroy has been placed on administrative leave from drexel university ( seen above ) .