with house prices soaring , it 's not easy finding somewhere to live . and this community has thrown in the towel . meet seattle 's rolling neighborhood of rvs , where each unassuming vehicle is a capsule home . the unusual format has been captured in a series of photographs by visual journalist anna erickson . meet bud dodson , 57 , and welcome to his home : an rv in seattle 's sodo where he watches over the parking lot in exchange for a spot . no place like home : john warden , 52 , has turned his $ 200 vehicle into his home after his apartment burned down years ago . there are around 30 drivers that float in and out of this parking lot in the sodo ( south of downtown ) area of the city in washington state . one might not notice them in the mornings as hundreds of workers in the nearby factories , such as starbucks , park up and rush into work . but on the weekends , as the rabble flocks back to their beds , this unique group remains . john worden , 52 , has been living in his vehicle for years since his apartment burned down and he was left homeless . he told anna his car cost $ 200 , and does n't drive very well . but for a home , it 's just about enough . though plan on the outside , it is a pandora 's box inside , anna tells dailymail.com . ' it was scattered with trinkets that he had been collecting over the years , ' she explained , ' and a pile of beer cans that he was saving to turn in for money . ' for work , he panhandles while helping people find parking spaces at safeco field stadium , where he used to be a cook . people come and go for work in the factories nearby , but on the weekend it is just the rv-dwellers that area left . daily life : here bud can be seen preparing himself a barbecue on the gravel outside his capsule home , one of about 30 in the community . eclectic : while bud 's rv is organized and functional , john 's is full of trinkets and belongings dating back years . alongside him - most of the time - is bud dodson , 57 . while some are forced to move about regularly , dodson , a maintenance man , looks after the parking lot in exchange for a semi-permanent spot . his home has its own unique stamp on it . ' he had really made the rv his home and taken good care of it , ' anna described . ' it was more functional [ than john 's ] and a cleaner space with a bed , kitchen and bathroom . ' whether organized or eclectic , however , each one is home . ' none of them seem to want to move on , ' anna said . ' it 's not perfect but they seem pretty content . move in , move out : some have agreements to stay , but others have to keep driving around to find a spot . john works as a panhandler at safeco fields stadium , where he used to work as a cook . he is content with his life in between the usual confines of society . personal : to many this may just seem like a parking lot but for these men it is a very personal space . ' bud is very grateful , he said the parking lot owner is just such a nice guy to let him live like this . ' she came across them when she stopped to ask a seemingly homeless man for directions . ' we got talking , ' she said , ' and he mentioned that he lived nearby in an rv . i went round to look and there was a whole bunch of them . ' curious , she spent about two months returning to the spot , meeting with the community and building their trust . ' these rvs are their homes so it 's a very personal thing , ' she explained .