aeroplanes are infamous as breeding grounds for bacteria , with tray tables , seats and blankets singled out as the worst offenders on board . but an entrepreneurial team are hoping their new invention will revolutionise the cleaning of aircraft and help airlines win the battle against bacteria . arthur and mo kreitenberg have created a robot , called the germfalcon , which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin . scroll down for video . a father and son team have created a robot , called the germfalcon , which uses ultra violet light to kill bacteria throughout the cabin . the seats , tray tables and blankets on an aeroplane are breeding ground for bacteria including e.coli . according to the businessmen , germs such as e.coli and mrsa can linger for up to a week on suraces within an aircraft and there are no clear rules on how often aeroplanes should be cleaned . but the family team has developed the unusual new robot as a way to counter issues with cleaning the interior of a plane - which currently only takes place a few times a year . when the plane is parked and empty , the device , which is the size of a drinks cart , patrols the aisles using motion sensors to navigate itself . as it does , it spreads its two ' wings ' over the seats on either side . those wings contain uv-c lamps , which are the same type used for disinfection in places like hospitals and water treatment plants . it also has uv-c lamps on its top and sides . arthur and mo kreitenberg , from los angeles , said the 3.5billion people expected to fly this year risk falling ill due to poor plane hygiene . writing on their kickstarter page to raise money for their project , mo said : ' germs will survive on aeroplane surfaces sometimes for as long as seven days . ' there are no regulations or cleanliness standards for the passenger cabins of airplanes . aeroplane travelers are at heightened risk of catching the common cold , flu , or more serious infections . ' they said their device could spare passengers from catching illnesses when flying and give airlines a competitive edge . last year a study from the auburn university in alabama discovered disease-causing bacteria can survive for up to a week inside plane cabins , on surfaces such as seat pockets , tray tables , window shades and armrests . when the plane is parked and empty , the device , which is the size of a drinks cart , patrols the aisles using motion sensors to navigate itself . as it does , it spreads its two ' wings ' over the seats on either side . staphylococcus aureus ( mrsa ) , a bacteria that could cause infections , skin disease , pneumonia and sepsis , lived the longest ( 168 hours ) . escherichia coli ( e. coli ) , which can cause urinary tract infection , respiratory illness and diarrhoea , was found to survive for 96 hours . mo added : ' the industry is growing aggressively . implementing daily , routine airplane sanitization could disrupt or limit the rate bacteria and viruses spread , as the industry grows . ' we have created an efficient and practical way for airlines to sanitize the interiors of commercial planes between passenger loads . its wings contain uv-c lamps , which are the same type used for disinfection in places like hospitals and water treatment plants . it also has uv-c lamps on its top and sides . using uv-c light they have have proven a 99.99 per cent germ-kill rate in under 10 minutes with no damage or reaction from any cabin materials . ' using uv-c light , we have proven a 99.99 per cent germ-kill rate in under 10 minutes with no damage or reaction from any cabin materials . the germfalcon is programmed to reach the most commonly touched passenger surfaces and kill all germs that are exposed to the robot 's sanitising lights . ' the robot , which contains settings for sanitising toilets and galleys , also comes with fans and filters to clean the air and suck in dust particles . the kreitenburgs , who have been working on the robot for several years , are about to start work on their fourth and final prototype before going into commercial production . they are currently seeking sponsorship via kickstarter and are offering backers the chance to fly on the first completely clean flight . 