karen bell , 42 , from hull , has been jailed for 12 months after blackmailing a man for £55 and threatening to post videos of their sex trysts online . a mother who blackmailed a lover she met on dating website plenty of fish by threatening to post footage online of their sex sessions if she did not receive £55 , has been jailed for 12 months . karen bell , 42 , from hull , east yorkshire , met the man on the dating website and the pair exchanged flirty texts - before meeting up to act out their fantasy in which she spanked him with a pair of trainers . however , hull crown court heard that after their meeting she contacted the man – who can not be named for legal reasons – and threatened to post the footage on facebook unless he paid her £25 . she later increased the demands , claiming her son had secretly filmed their tryst and the footage was ready to publish , until she received £55 . bell has now been jailed for 12 months after pleading guilty to blackmail . the court heard that the pair began chatting after meeting on free dating site plenty of fish and arranged to meet . the man , who was referred to in court as ' mr a ' , began lending bell money as she claimed she was short of cash . stephen welch , prosecuting , said : ' some time in december last year , the complainant and the defendant engaged in sexual activity at the defendant 's home address . ' the nature of it was that the complainant removed his trousers and pants and lay on his stomach while the defendant remained fully clothed . ' she spanked the victim on the bottom with a hand , then with a training shoe . ' this was some sort of sexual fantasy the two discussed before the act took place . ' a while later the defendant contacted the complainant and told him her son had installed a hidden camera and their role play had been recorded . ' the couple met on free dating website plenty of fish ( pictured ) and met up after starting up a conversation . bell , a mother , was jailed for 12 months at hull crown court ( pictured ) after pleading guilty to blackmail . bell sent mr a more messages informing him the recording had been put on a dvd and that she was ' sitting watching it with her son ' , the court heard . she told him that if he did not want his friends and family to see the film he should pay her and initially demanded £25 . the court heard he was worried and bell told him if he stopped paying her she would publish the dvd on local websites and on facebook . bell ( pictured ) pleaded guilty to blackmail last week . mr welch added : ' he was frightened . he believed the defendant would carry out those threats and did n't want his family or friends to see the footage . ' although he had willingly given her some money , he eventually reported bell to the police and the total amount she gained by the blackmail was £55 , the court was told . when bell was arrested , she told police in an interview that she ' did n't find the victim sexually attractive but they got on well as friends . ' stephen robinson , mitigating before judge paul watson qc , said : ' the defendant moved to hull from the grimsby area in order to better herself and start a new life - getting into this sort of serious trouble was the last thing she expected to happen . ' she was lonely and met the complainant through a dating website and began communicating with him . ' your honour , unfortunately it culminated in this particular offence . ' jailing bell for 12 months , judge watson told her : ' the money you were demanding was not the highest amount - just £55 - but for him that was significant . ' blackmail is so serious that only a custodial sentence can be justified . '