the woman who was tragically killed when her car washed away in flood waters in maitland has been identified as an elderly great-grandmother who was popping out for milk . the body of anne jarmain , 86 , was found at 7pm on wednesday ; 10 hours after her car was pulled off the road and underwater as she tried to crossed cessnock road , which in the nsw hunter region . her family and friend are in shock , with her neighbours lamenting that they could not convince the sweet , 'strong-willed ' woman to stay at home . after two days without power and with limited food supplies , ms jarmain insisted on making a ' quick trip ' into town . scroll down for video . police battled wild flood water as they searched for ms jarmain 's vehicle at the scene of the tragic accident . anne jarmain 's car was washed off the road when she tried to overtake a stalled car over flood waters . family and friends of those who jumped in the water to rescue the women trapped in the car watch by the side of the floodwaters . ' we sent over ( some hot water to her ) at 7.30am and that 's when she said she said she was going into town , ' her neighbour of 12 years , kath wilkinson told the newcastle herald . ' she had said she would have loved to go and visit jim ( her husband ) , who is in a nursing home , but she knew she would n't be able to . ' we told her she did n't need to go , but she yelled out to ( my husband ) geoff to thank him when she left , ' ms wilkinson explained . ms jarmain was dragged into the waters when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stalled falcon before 9am on wednesday . around ten people immediately ran into the water , with four people stripping off and swimming frantically through the icy , fast-moving water . ms jarmain was dragged into the waters when she tried to manoeuvre her silver hatchback around a stalled falcon before 9am on wednesday . ms jarmain went missing in maitland on wednesday morning . sadly , her body was found that night . police divers seen entering the water where a major rescue operation is underway when ms jarmain was missing . the car was swept away near cessnock road in maitland . a helicopter and police divers searched until ms jarmain 's body was recovered . however , her car went nose-first into the water and was swept into the flooded wallis creek . ms jarmain 's son , trevor says he is very moved by the efforts of bystanders to help . ms jarmain was a beloved mother of three ; trevor , robert and jennifer and treasured grandmother and great-grandmother to many . ' she was healthy and active and very strong willed , ' trevor told fairfax . ' she was an avid bowler and was a member of the telarah bowling club . ' she will be sadly missed . ' anne jarmain loved bowls , feeding the magpies on her veranda and her husband , jim . a police officer at the scene on wednesday when the search for ms jarmain was ongoing . the premier is touring flood damaged areas in nsw as thousands remain effected by fierce storms which battered sydney and the hunter earlier this week . nsw premier mike baird is touring the area and says he is shocked at the devastation caused by flooding in the hunter . the premier admits it will be a long time before victims are back on their feet . ' homes , cattle , this whole landscape has been completely and utterly devastated , ' mr baird said in maitland after a helicopter tour of the region . ' i was in shock ... at the size and scale of what we are confronting . ' the state 's worst storms in a decade have ripped through sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths in the hunter region . ' i do n't think many of us can imagine circumstances where our life is literally washed away , ' mr baird said on thursday . ' personal possessions , all your memories are lost in an instant . ' the premier admits it will be a long time before victims are back on their feet , pictured at a press conference in the hunter region on thursday . the state 's worst storms in a decade have ripped through sydney and surrounding areas this week with four deaths in the hunter region . heartbroken residents comfort each other in dungog after enduring wild and destructive storms for three days . the clean-up bill will run into the hundreds of millions of dollars and would take time , he said at ses headquarters in metford . there are up to 2000 people stranded in the hunter due to high waters . provisions including baby formula , food and medication were being being ferried to people who are stranded in gilliston heights , near maitland . ' patience is going to be a big part of the next few days and weeks , ' the premier said . it will be a long time before storm-battered victims get back on their feet , he said . the ses has responded to more than 14,000 requests for assistance since sunday . ses commissioner adam dent urged bosses to remain flexible in coming days , despite the clearer skies . ' it 's often when the rain stops and perhaps when less images are on tv that people take the focus away from our work , we still need to work for several days to come , ' he said . the devastation in the hunter has ended lives , destroyed homes and ruined countless possessions .  