vincent kompany has emerged as an injury doubt for the manchester derby . city boss manuel pellegrini revealed that the belgium centre-half will be assessed on saturday , 24 hours ahead of sunday 's clash at old trafford . the chilean , whose side have slipped into fourth place , also reinstated that he has no fears over his job amid mounting pressure . aleksandar kolarov ( 11 ) , frank lampard ( 18 ) and edin dzeko ( 10 ) lead the way in manchester city training . yaya toure attempts to control the ball during training at the city football academy . sergio aguero leaps up in the air in front of bacary sagna to win a header during training . however , he did admit : ' we will see what happens in august . ' city captain kompany , 29 on friday , would be a huge loss despite his patchy form this season . he played 90 minutes in monday 's 2-1 loss against crystal palace but picked up a hamstring injury at selhurst park and pellegrini said he is doubtful for the match against louis van gaal 's men . ' kompany we will assess tomorrow , ' he said . ' he worked the whole week the normal way . i always say the same . we are always better with kompany but if he can not play we have a squad . ' if kompany is deemed unfit city could be facing a defensive crisis with dedryck boyata also injured . that would leave pellegrini with a pairing of the ageing martin demichelis and the inconsistent eliaquim mangala . vincent kompany is an injury doubt for manchester city 's clash against manchester united on sunday . city captain and central defender kompany played 90 minutes as city lost 2-1 to crystal palace on monday . city manager manuel pellegrini insists he does not fear for his job , despite his team dropping into fourth . city are in fourth place , a point behind united , after losing three of their last five premier league matches and taking 18 points from 36 since the turn of the year . some have speculated that pellegrini could face the sack at the end of the season . when asked if he was worried about his future he said : ' i do n't think so . i am not talking about my future because it 's not important . i 'm just thinking about the game against manchester united . ' however , he added : ' you never know what will happen in august . if you ask me i am not afraid because i think we are in a bad moment . ' we are not a disaster , we are not a mess . we are doing a lot of things well . ' city , who will also be without strike pair stevan jovetic ( muscle injury ) and wilfried bony ( ankle and knee ) , will be going for five straight derby wins for the first time in their history against third-placed united who are a point in front . but pellegrini refused to say that they were now the biggest club in manchester . eliaquim mangala ( left ) could be set to replace kompany in the team to take on united on sunday . strikers stevan jovetic ( left ) and wilfried bony are already out of the manchester derby through injury . ' i do n't like to compare , ' he said . ' our target is not to compare but to improve in our project . pellegrini added that his men were still using a certain ex-united manager as motivation . ' united dominated the league for so many years , but one time sir alex ferguson said the neighbours are disturbing them a little bit more , so i say that 's double motivation for us , ' he said .