harvey weinstein 's wife has been pictured for the first time this week looking forlorn amid claims her billionaire husband was recorded apologizing to a 22-year-old model for groping her . the producer , 63 , has emphatically denied sexually assaulting ambra battilana during a business meeting at his tribeca office last friday . but as he fights to throw out the allegations , the new york daily news reports that police overheard a phone call between battilana and weinstein , in which she confronted him - and he said : ' it wo n't happen again ' . the news comes as weinstein 's 38-year-old wife of eight years , georgina chapman , was pictured for the first time outside their home in new york city since the scandal broke looking downcast and carrying their four-year-old daughter , india . there was no sign of weinstein . scroll down for video . forlorn : harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , stepped out looking forlorn amid allegations her husband apologized to a 22-year-old model for groping her . he has publicly denied the incident occurred . downcast : looking down , chapman carried the couple 's four-year-old daughter india to their car in new york . out and about : harvey weinstein is pictured leaving his new york townhouse on thursday , nearly a week after he allegedly groped a model . he voluntarily spoke with authorities and is cooperating with their investigation . accusations : italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police that the hollywood producer groped her and put his hand up her skirt during a ' business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . but on saturday the couple were pictured at their connecticut home . weinsten was spotted outside the home . chapman was seen rolling up to the compound in a silver mercedes-benz before she went inside . according to the daily news ' source , weinstein appeared to confirm he groped battilana during a phone call with the italian national . ' she said something to the effect that she was uncomfortable with him doing that , ' the source told the daily news . ' and he said something to the effect , `` it wo n't happen again . `` ' ' he did n't deny doing what she said he did to her . the content of the phone call , there 's no question about what he did . ' battilana , 22 , has claimed weinstein asked her for a kiss and groped her during a ' business meeting ' at his tribeca office in manhattan on friday night . dailymail.com has reached out to his representatives for comment . battilana also convinced weinstein to meet him a restaurant and the nypd were also there to watch that meeting , according to the newspaper . it is not clear if he knew he was being monitored but following the call and the meeting at the restaurant at the tribeca grand hotel , weinstein voluntarily went to speak with police on saturday . he requested a lawyer and has promised full cooperation with the probe . battilana 's attorney , david godosky , said tuesday is the earliest he expects to hear a decision on whether weinstein will face criminal charges , according to the new york daily news . a legal expect told the daily news that , if the da decides to prosecute weinstein , he will likely only face misdemeanor charges . the alleged incident unfolded at weinstein 's tribeca office after he invited her there for a business meeting on friday night , hours after meeting her at radio city music hall on thursday night . when she arrived at the office , the married father-of-five allegedly asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt , she told police . he also asked her for a kiss , she claimed . she clearly rejected him and he backed off , the new york daily news reported , and she fled from the building . security footage shows the model speaking on the phone as she quickly left the building half an hour after arriving , the newspaper reported . model : battilana ( pictured ) claims he assaulted her at his office on friday after meeting him at a red carpet event on thursday night . afterwards , she called police and they monitored a phone conversation with him . beauty queen : battilana is pictured left during the miss italia contest in rome in 2011 and right in 2010 . under surveillance : following the alleged incident , she arranged to meet with him at the restaurant of the tribeca grand hotel ( pictured ) and the meeting was monitored by police , according to reports . the model 's lawyer said his client was ' creeped out ' by her alleged encounter with weinstein , who is behind hit movies including pulp fiction , the king 's speech and gangs of new york . ' when she was describing what happened , her face became contorted , ' said mark heller . ' it was that look of someone who was creeped out . she 's a very young woman who was relating her disgust that a much older man - an old man in view of someone her age - conducted himself like that . ' weinstein could face misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations are credible . no charges have been filed and his representatives say they believe he will be cleared . ' we are confident that we will be fully vindicated , ' a weinstein spokesman said . a source close to the weinstein company told page six the groping allegations were nothing more than a ' blackmail attempt ' and insisted that the award-winning producer ' did nothing wrong ' . weinstein 's camp have dismissed miss battilana as an opportunist with a sketchy past . it has emerged that battilana previously told italian authorities she witnessed a so-called 'bunga-bunga ' orgy involving disgraced italian prime minister silvio berlusconi at his milan mansion in 2010 . she claimed she had seen young models performing stripteases and baring their breasts to be kissed by the italian leader during a raunchy dinner party . weinstein has been married to his second wife , 38-year-old fashion designer georgina chapman , since 2007 . the couple have two young children together . it also emerged that she told italian police in 2010 that she was ' forced against ' her will into having sex for money with a 70-year-old ' businessman of substantial means ' when she was underage . battilana met the wealthy car dealer in september 2009 when she was under 18 and therefore below the age of consent for prostitution in italy , according to italian newspaper reports . in her police statement , she said the man invited her into his car , where he then caressed ' my hand and left leg ' and proposed ' that i become his ' playmate ' , she said . battilana said he then gave her a bag with €2,000 , before assuring her it was only ' an advance of the €5,000 he would give me every month ' . she added : ' despite the indecency of the proposal , both because of my psychological subjection in which i found myself and because of the severe poverty of my family i felt forced against my will not to refuse the money . ' the relationship ended after she was accepted into the miss italia 2010 pageant . prosecutors in italy asked for the rape allegation to be dismissed in 2012 but it was not reported whether the judge granted the dismissal - although it is likely it would have been carried out . in 2012 , the alba prosecutor told italian newspaper corriere della sera that miss battilana never showed up to talk to them about her police complaint so they were unable to verify her claims . the alleged groping took place on friday at the weinstein company offices in manhattan ( pictured ) where battilana had met harvey weinstein to ' discuss business ' . after becoming famous through the miss italia pageant , battilana began modeling professionally in 2011 , according to social media . she works internationally in milan , london , paris and new york . she recently shot an editorial campaign for bambi magazine in agent provocateur lingerie . weinstein , who is originally from queens , new york , founded miramax studio with his brother bob in 1979 and is worth an estimated $ 200 million . he is married to british-born fashion designer chapman , 38 , who founded the luxury label marchesa . the couple have been together for seven years and have a young son and daughter . weintein also has three older daughters from his first marriage to his former assistant , eve chilton , which ended in 2004 .