' loneliness maps ' are being used to tackle the problem of elderly people being left alone by working out which areas ' residents are most at risk . health experts have warned that being socially isolated can be as harmful as smoking 15 cigarettes a day , leading to an increased risk of problems such as dementia and high blood pressure . now campaigners say that local councils should draw up maps of the places where pensioners and others are most likely to suffer from social isolation . map : this ' loneliness map ' was drawn up by essex county council showing the areas where residents are most vulnerable to becoming socially isolated . two county councils , essex and gloucestershire , have already implemented the maps , which allow them to target ' danger zones ' of loneliness . a new report from the university of kent and the campaign to end loneliness recommends the maps as a way of treating the problem across the country . in gloucestershire , council bosses compiled the maps by studying statistics on a range of public health factors which are often linked to lonely people . they looked for areas with large numbers of over-65s , people living alone , people suffering from mental illness , households with no car and people on a low income . danger : being lonely can lead to health problems including dementia ( picture posed by model ) . the council also surveyed residents to identify those who rarely speak to their neighbours , are unsatisfied with their social life and say they do n't have someone to talk to . they then combined all those factors to map the districts where people are most likely to be suffering from loneliness , with the most vulnerable areas marked in red . a spokesman for the council said : ' targeting local people who need our help the most is a priority for us in gloucestershire and we are always looking at new ways to reach them . ' the map we 've adapted from a model by essex county council means that we can work out how many people could be lonely and where those people need us most . ' the campaign to end loneliness has now called on other councils to copy the maps and draw up their own versions for their local area . the campaign 's director laura alcock-ferguson said : ' finding people who are experiencing loneliness can be challenging , as they are often also some of the most hidden people in our communities . ' however , it is encouraging that , across the country , there are excellent examples of councils that are employing different strategies to identify residents most at risk of loneliness . ' if local councils and services do not act now to find the people experiencing severe loneliness , we are likely to see the consequences in our hospitals and social care services . ' the report identifies a number of other risk factors that might make people more likely to suffer from chronic loneliness . people from ethnic minorities , those recently bereaved or forced to care for their loved ones and childless pensioners are particularly susceptible . 