a man who passed out at a friend 's party woke up with more than a hangover when he discovered a guest had tattooed his back . while josh darnbrough , 24 , slept , his mate rob gaskell , also 24 , inked the words ' if found face down call an ambulance ' on his back , using a diy kit . josh , from mossley , near ashton , only discovered the prank the following day after looking in a mirror - and said his partner went ' absolutely bonkers ' when she saw it . josh darnbrough awoke after a party to find that his friend had tattooed his back . josh ( centre ) was tattooed by his friend rob gaskell ( right ) who was taking revenge on his mate after josh had attempted to tattoo rob with an at-home kit and it went horribly wrong . rob said he carried out the practical joke on josh , who had passed out at a new year 's eve party , in revenge for a tattoo josh did on rob 's leg two years ago - which had gone horribly wrong . starting off with a design for a lizard , josh tried to turn it into a cross , then some hands and a gun - leading to one almighty , permanent mess on rob 's leg and causing his partner to go ' bonkers ' . so when he saw josh passed out at the party , rob - who is a father of three - said he ' could n't resist ' the opportunity to execute revenge - and spent 30 minutes etching his own design into his mate 's back . amazingly , the prank has n't harmed the pair 's friendship - and the childhood friends , who are both having their tattoos removed , still see each other every day . but rob does admit to regretting the prank once he had sobered up . he said : ' the opportunity presented itself and i could n't resist . ' i did n't feel guilty when i was doing it because i 'd had a few drinks myself but i was quite remorseful afterwards and asked everyone not to tell josh who had done it . ' josh , who is a support worker , said although it was a shock , he has managed to see the funny side . ' i was pretty astonished when i looked in the mirror - i thought , `` i did n't go to bed with a tattoo '' ' , he said . ' i did n't know when i 'd got it and no one would tell me who 'd done it . but since i found out it was rob it has n't affected our friendship at all - we still see each other every day . it 's just practical jokes between mates . ' rob , also a support worker , added that he would advise anyone against at-home tattoos . ' we had bought a diy tattoo kit online and originally it was a well-intentioned exercise , ' he said . ' then when it did n't turn out right it dawned on me this was forever and i was stuck with it . the pair are both getting their tattoos removed by laser technician maria patricia ( right ) and say the incident has n't affected their friendship . ' josh started off doing a lizard , then a cross , then some hands and a gun - he did an abomination of a job and every time he tried to touch it up it got worse . ' when my partner saw it she went absolutely bonkers . if anyone is thinking of trying their own diy tattoos - i would just say , do n't . ' the pair are now getting their tattoos removed with laser treatment - carried out by technician maria patricia at the clinic she runs based at her ashton home . maria , 47 , who started her business four years ago , says she has seen an increasing number of people seeking help after getting diy tattoos . ' we are not against tattoos here at all , but diy ones can lead to problems , ' she said . ' sometimes people come in and it 's scarred because they have pushed the needle too far in and dragged it . ' you can also get infections or what we call ' blow out ' when the needle is pushed in so deep there is nowhere the ink can go and it just spreads , looking like a bruise . ' no laser can get that out when it happens , you just have to get a cover-up tattoo . ' surprisingly enough maria would also advise on going to professional rather than doing your tattoos yourself . ' we 've definitely seen an increase in people coming to us with home made tattoos since we opened . ' we 're just trying to say to people if you want a tattoo done , go somewhere professional , do not use one of these diy kits . '