he has shown himself to be quite a philanthropist . and leonardo dicaprio is planning to improve the ecosystem of an entire island in his latest crusade as an environmental activist . the 40-year-old actor is launching a project that will transform a small island off the coast of belize into an eco-resort and conservation area . according to a friday report from the new york times , the wolf of wall street star , along with a partner , purchased the 104-acre blackadore caye nearly a decade ago for $ 1.75 million . but he recently teamed up with paul scialla , the chief executive of new york development firm delos , to create the eco-conscious resort , with plans to open in 2018 . ' it was like heaven on earth , ' dicaprio told the new york times of his visit to the island in 2005 . ' and almost immediately , i found this opportunity to purchase an island there . ' scroll down for video . environmental mission : leonardo dicaprio bought blackadore caye , an unpopulated , private 104-acre belizean island , in 2005 for $ 1.75 million , and now plans to build a luxury eco-resort there . pictured here is an artists impression of a private villa on the island . ' it will change the world ' : the resort will have villas on a platform over the water , as well as artificial reefs with ' fish shelters ' and other features that hope to rehabilitate the ailing area . it is set to open in 2018 . ambitious : renderings of the project show an arc-shaped platform with villas and artificial reefs and fish shelters underneath . the ambitious project , which they will be calling ' blackadore caye , a restorative island , ' will be much like many other luxury resorts and include sprawling villas , infinity pools and beautiful views . but not only will the island revitalize its visitors , but also help restore the land itself , as it has endured deterioration from over-fishing , deforestation and an eroding coastline . the aim of dicaprio and his partners is to rehabilitate the ecosystem of the area . renderings of the ambitious project show an arc-shaped platform with villas over the water with artificial reefs and fish shelters underneath . the daily also reports that other features will include a nursery that will grow indigenous marine grass to support a manatee conservation area and mangrove trees replanted to replace invasive species . ' the main focus is to do something that will change the world , ' said the titanic actor . ' i couldn’t have gone to belize and built on an island and done something like this , if it weren’t for the idea that it could be groundbreaking in the environmental movement . ' activist : dicaprio , who earned a reported $ 25 million pay packet for the wolf of wall street , is known for working on environmental causes . the times reports that the plan is to build 68 resort villas and 48 private house . some will are expected to be sold privately , and cost between $ 5 million and $ 15 million each , while the others will be available to guests . nearby luxury resorts cost about $ 2,000-a-night . the project will also be monitored by a talented team of scientists , designers and engineers who along with landscape architects will closely monitor the resort 's impact on the island's environment . after a scuba diving trip in belize back in 2005 , dicaprio bought the blackadore caye for $ 1.75million with jeff gram , who owns cayo espanto island resort , which is a luxury vacation spot nearby . private island : the nearest town to blackadore caye is san pedro , which is a 15 minute boat ride away . the tiny blackadore caye is currently unpopulated . big plans : blackadore caye ( pictured ) is a 104-acre island in the caribbean sea owned by dicaprio and a business partner . the two plan to work with scientists and a nyc design firm to develop a resort that will ' rehabilitate ' the area , which is suffering . tropical : dicaprio hopes the island , when completed , will not only revitalize its visitors , but also help restore the land itself , as it has endured deterioration from over-fishing , deforestation and an eroding coastline . the blood diamond actor previously had an agreement with four seasons hotels but the deal ultimately fell through , according to the publication . no doubt the ecotourism venture is right up dicaprio 's alley as the project 's aim will certainly follow resorts before it that minimizes negative impact on a location and seeks to preserve natural resources . the actor is currently filming an adventure drama , the revenant , alongside tom hardy . ' paradise ' : the closest port to dicaprio 's island is the town of san pedro , on the southern part of the island of ambergris caye in belize . tourism : san pedro is a known vacation spot in belize . vistors would take a 15-minute boat ride from here to dicaprio 's resort .