children of the 1970s and 1980s will likely remember the chunky , plastic fisher-price magnets that adorned fridges in family homes . the popular toys were designed to help teach children to read and spell . but for some people , they had another unintended consequence ; the magnets forever changed the colours that people would associate with letters . the child with the hood in this photo was born in 1988 and is an adult synesthete . his colour-letter pairings matched 25 of the 26 letters in the fisher-price magnet set , which is in the foreground . at least that 's the conclusion of a study on synaesthesia - a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together . for instance , some synaesthetes experience colour when they hear sounds or read words . others experience tastes , smells or shapes . it is believe that around one in 10,000 of people have synaesthesia , and scientists are still unsure exactly what causes some people to perceive two senses at the same time . a large amount of research , according to discover magazine , has previously suggested the condition can be learned , rather than being the result of genetic factors . this graphic shows the results for 400 synesthetes with 10 or more letters matching the toy . the rows correspond to participants and columns to letters . the colours along the bottom represent the most frequently chosen colour label for each letter . the latest study adds to that body of work by suggesting the toy caused a generation to foreever link a with red , f with purple and p with green . researchers from the department of psychology at stanford university used data from 6,588 registered users to determine which colours are most commonly associated with which letters . they then compared these colour-letter matches to fridge magnets sold by fisher-price between 1971 and 1990 . the results revealed that at least six per cent ( 400 out of the 6588 participants ) learnt ' many of their matches ' from the fisher-price set . among those born in the decade after the toy began to be manufactured , the proportion of synesthetes with learned letter-colour pairings was closer to 15 per cent . the colours in the toy ( upper row ) , the average colour choice for each letter from the 6188 synesthetes ( middle row ) , and the most commonly assigned colour for each letter for the 400 synesthetes are shown here . fig c shows when the choice does not match the toy ( bottom row ) . red bars show proportion of participants with 10 or more matches to the magnet set . grey bars show participants with seven or more matches . for participants born between 1970 and 1985 , the prevalence of synesthesia apparently learned from the fisher-price set can exceed 15 per cent . synaesthesia is a neurological condition in which two or more senses experienced separately are involuntarily joined together . for instance , some synaesthetes experience colour when they hear sounds or read words . others experience tastes , smells or shapes . some people are born with synaesthesia , while others experience it after a stroke , or while using psychedelic drugs such as lsd . famous synaesthetes include singers pharrell williams and lady gaga . there have also been studies in which researchers claimed to have taught people to be synaesthetic - and as a result it is a widely contested condition . reports claim it can affect as many as one in 23 people and has been linked with high-levels of creativity and intelligence . but among those born five years or more before it was manufactured , none of the colour-letter matches were aligned with the colours used in the set . ' analysis of the letter-colour matching data suggests the only difference between synesthetes with matches to the toy and those without is exposure to the stimulus , ' explained the paper . ' this indicates learning of letter-colour pairings from external [ sources ] can occur in a substantial fraction of synesthetic , and are consistent with the hypothesis that synesthesia is a kind of conditioned mental imagery . ' the authors did point out , however , that there may have been other cues – such as cultural influences , or other popular toys or magnet sets that played a role . they also said their findings do n't suggest that colourful toys cause synaesthesia . instead the associations of people already predisposed to the condition can be influenced by external factors . the authors did point out that there may have been other cues – such as cultural influences , or other popular toys or magnet sets that played a role .