for most people a hangover will have them reaching for the painkillers and greasy breakfast , but those living in ancient egypt had a rather different approach . historians have discovered a 1,900-year-old hangover cure written on an ancient egyptian papyrus . written in greek , one of the medical recipes offers advice for how to tackle a ' drunken headache ' - with the leaves of a shrub called alexandrian chamaedaphne , or sometimes alexandrian laurel . the text recommends stringing the leaves of the evergreen plant , also called ruscus racemosus , together and possibly wearing it around the neck . this papyrus was found in oxyrhynchus , egypt , and contains a medical ' recipe ' for treating a hangover . while the text recommends this as a way of relieving headaches brought on by alcohol , it is not known if it had any effect . the treatment was discovered as part of an ongoing effort to translate the oxyrhynchus papyrus - more than 500,000 documents found in an ancient rubbish tip at the egyptian town of oxyrhynchus , about 100 miles south of cairo . oxyrhynchus lies south west of cairo and is considered to be one of the most important archaeological sites in egypt . it has yielded a huge collection of papyrus texts from the ptolemaic and roman periods of egyptian history and among them are fragments of plays and the gospel of thomas . the city was built around a system of canals and inhabitants dumped their rubbish at nearby sand hills , including lots of written material as oxyrhynchus was governed bureaucratically by the greeks and the romans . archaeologists have discovered tax returns , census material , receipts , letters about religion , politics , military action and diaries , giving them a thorough picture of everyday life . in 1896 , two young excavators - bernard grenfell and arthur hunt - from the university of oxford began to excavate the site and combed through the rubbish . while they were concerned with finding works of high literature , they realised the importance of the discarded everyday material . some 500,000 papyrus fragments are now kept at the university 's sackler library ; among them the account of match fixing . the hangover treatment was one of 24 new medical texts that are the latest to be translated - the 101st volume of translations to be published . among the documents , researchers at the university of oxford and university college london have found 11 copies of known medical texts by galen and hippocrates alongside the new medical texts . they also found four documents that appeared to be doctors notes . dr david leith , a historian and research fellow at the university of exeter who translated the medical papyrus , said : ' the remedies appear to cross what we might see as the boundary between magic and medicine - and although some ancient doctors disliked making use of `` magical '' remedies , this was far from always the case . ' the recipe for drunken headache - kraipale in greek - read : ' for drunken headache : wear leaves of alexandrian chamaedaphne strung together . ' dr leith said : ' the plant name literally means `` ground laurel/bay '' , and its leaves are often compared to bay leaves in ancient botanical literature . ' the papyrus were discovered during excavations at oxyrhynchus in 1890 by bernard grenfell and arthur hunt from queen 's college at the university of university . around 10 per cent of the papyri have been found to be literary and many are private documents , codes , registers , official correspondence , tax records , bills , leases , horoscopes and inventories . alexandrian chamaedaphne , sometimes called dane racemosa ( above ) was recommended as a cure for hangovers in egypt 1,900 years ago by stringing the leaves in a garland that was hung around the neck . dr margarent mountford , a papyrologist at the egypt exploration society , which owns the papyrus texts , said : ' these texts are hugely important as they give us an insight into daily life at the time . ' some were copies of ancient greek medical texts but there were some original medical texts - which look more like magical spells in some ways . ' the hangover cure for example involves handing a laurel around the neck . i have my doubts if this would have worked but perhaps it had more of a placebo effect . ' professor vivian nutton , a historian at university college london who was one of those taking part in the translations , described them as ' the largest single collection of medical papyri to be published . ' hundreds of thousands of texts written on papyrus were found at oxyrhynchus during the excavation ( above ) . the papyrus are owned by the egypt exploration society and kept at the sackler library at the university of oxford . the medical documents all date from the first century ad to the sixth century ad . these images of some of the medical papyrus found at oxyrhynchus contain descriptions for treating eye conditions , fever and haemorrhoids with surgery . it is thought the hangover cure may have been necessary as many ancient societies drank wine rather than water , which was unsanitised . the newly translated medical texts also include recipes for helping to halt the spread of ulcers , others for treating hemorrhoids , toothache , gangrene and a dozen for treating eye conditions . one recipe describes the need to rub a decapitated ant onto a stye . another for treating a discharge of mucus from the eyes called rheum , uses a mixture of copper flakes , antimony oxide , white lead , washed lead dross , starch , dried roses , rain water , gum arabic , poppy juice and a plant called celtic spikenard . another gruesome text explains the technique for eye surgery to treat someone whose eyelid had turned inside out . while fragmented , it still makes unpleasant reading . it says : ' the eye ... i began ... by the temple ... the other from the temple ... to remove with a small round-bladed knife ... the edge of the eyelid from outside ... from within until i scooped out . ' dr leith said many of the recipes could have been written out like prescriptions for people to follow . he said : ' we tried to give a good selection of different types of medical text in the volume . ' for example there are scholarly commentaries on famous medical writings , surgical texts , handbooks for students giving definitions of medical terms , treatises on acute diseases , as well as instructions on preparing perfumed oils - which could be used for medical purposes - and medical recipes . the documents were found at the ancient town of oxyrhynchus , in egypt around 100miles ( 160km ) form cairo . ' one of the fragments contains a detailed description of the surgical procedure for removing haemorrhoids , though the author emphasises that in operating on the patient one of the haemorrhoids must be left untouched . ' two others offer in-depth discussions of different kinds of fever and their treatment . 'it’s natural to assume that most of these oxyrhynchus papyri will have been bought or copied by doctors too for their own use . ' on the other hand , some of the medical recipes may have been copied out by ordinary individuals , so that they could have particular remedies to hand for themselves or their families . ' this papyrus is an example of texts discoverd at oxyrhynchus and features euclid 's elements of geometry . ancient egyptians would did not have modern hangover cures and used strings of leaves instead , according to new translations of 1,900 year old texts found at oxyrhynchus in egypt . image above posed by a model . the longest medical papyrus ever found is the papyrus ebers ( pictured ) . it contains more than 800 treatments for eye problems to digestive disorders . texts found on the site of deir el-medina identify a workman on the crew designated as the ' swnw ' , or physician . the physician was given an assistant and both were allotted days off to prepare medicine and take care of colleagues . this physician would have most likely treated the workmen with remedies and incantations found in his medical papyrus . these texts acted like a reference book for the ancient egyptian medical practitioner , listing individual treatments for different ailments . the longest of these ever found is called papyrus ebers and contains more than 800 treatments covering eye problems to digestive disorders . the source of the papyrus is unknown , but it was said to have been found between the legs of a mummy in the theban necropolis . a suggested treatment for a condition that had symptoms similar to asthma is listed as a mixture of herbs heated on a brick so the sufferer could inhale the fumes . another treatment , this time for intestinal worms , required the physician to cook the cores of dates and a desert plant called colocynth together in sweet beer . he would then have sieved the warm liquid and gave it to the patient to drink for four days . while smearing a paste of dates , acacia , and honey to wool and applying it as a pessary would be used as a form of contraception by the worker 's wives . 