when jason archinaco 's wife said she wanted to get a fourth cat , it is unlikely that this is quite the addition to the household she imagined . because , since monday , the family have been sharing their home with arguably los angeles ' most famous mountain lion , p-22 . the cougar , the other name for the species , has made his home in the crawlspace under the house in the hilly los feliz neighborhood - and has so far resisted all attempts to get him to move out . scroll down for video . new home : the lion - known as p-22 - was found by workers in the crawl space at midday on monday . rescue : attempts to get the lion to move out - including firing tennis balls - have so far been unsuccessful . resident : the beautiful animal may have been living in the crawlspace for some time before being discovered . workers discovered the big cat on monday at noon , as they were trying to install a security system . ten hours later - despite animal welfare officers using a prod , and even firing tennis balls and bean bags at it - he was still refusing to move . ' i do n't think he 's going to come out , ' archinaco told knbc-tv . ' he 's probably been living here for a while . ' he thinks this is his den . ' but then , this level of determination will probably come as no surprise to those who know the tale of p-22 . it is thought the lion crossed the 405 and 101 freeways more than three years ago , as he travelled from his home in the santa monica mountains . he has been living in nearby griffith park ever since - where scientists managed to catch and tag him . but his fame reached new heights after national geographic photographer steve winter managed to capture him walking in front of the hollywood sign in 2013 . then , last year , the big cat survived mange and a meal of rat poison to become apparently healthy again . fame : p-22 is best-known for being pictured in front of the hollywood sign in 2013 . hiding : it is thought the lion crossed two freeways to get to his home in griffith park , but it is not known how long he has been living in the crawl space in the los feliz hills . beanbags : the animal rescue workers have even resorted to using beanbags to move the lion . however , all this is nothing to the furore surrounding his latest move . the la times reports a scene worthy of any film star - with news vans filling the street , helicopters flying overhead and even a live news feed on a local channel reporting the latest . however , they were not rewarded for their patience , and state wildlife officials cleared most media and gawkers away from the area as night fell . they continued with their attempts to dislodge p-22 , starting with poking him gently with a long prod , but that did little — other than temporarily lose the pricey gopro camera they 'd attached to the end of it that fell off . they then attempted to fire a tennis ball cannon into the crawl space with hopes that at least the noise and commotion would scare him out , a tactic that often works with coyotes . next , they fired small bean bags , the same kind police sometimes use for human crowd control , toward the cat . live feed : the incident has created quite a furore - with people watching it unfold live on television ( pictured ) . all of the tactics , shown live on streaming video , drew mild reactions from p-22 , but none came close to drawing him out or even getting him to significantly move . wildlife officials said late monday night that their next move would be to just wait . ' we 're going to let him settle , we 're going to let everything calm down , we 're going to be really still and give him time to get out of there , ' said janice mackey of the california department of fish and wildlife . archinaco said he and his wife have three ordinary house cats and had thought about adding to their numbers . ' my wife wanted a fourth one , ' he said , ' but not this way . ' 