sunshine smile : judy murray waves to the crowds . her youngest son has only just tied the knot with his long-term partner kim sears . but judy murray has already wasted no time in revealing she simply ‘can’t wait to be a granny’ . however , the tennis coach , who helped propel andy , 27 , and his brother , jamie , 29 , to sporting success , has a couple of caveats – he has to get the french open and wimbledon out of the way first . mrs murray , 55 , who has carved out her own star status after appearing on strictly come dancing last year , also said she would be a ‘ very active granny’ and in the same way she coached her sons , she already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to tennis . she told closer magazine : ‘i’m really looking forward to being a granny . i’ve always wanted to have grandchildren but i had to be patient and let them get married first . ‘i’m not sure when they will have kids as andy has the french open followed by wimbledon , but i know he wants them . i will be a very active granny , that’s for sure – and i can’t wait to introduce them to tennis . ’ her words come only a few days after her son and his bride wed at dunblane cathedral on saturday , drawing more than 3,000 well-wishers to the streets of his home town . writing in the guest book of cromlix house hotel – a property murray purchased in 2013 for £1.8million and where his brother got married – the happy couple thanked staff for their hard work around the top-secret event and signed as ‘ andy & kimberly murray’ . the new mrs murray , who wore a flowing jenny packham gown , wrote : ‘ thank you to graeme and every single one of you at cromlix who worked so hard to make this weekend the best of our lives – a special place filled with very special people ! x . ’ the couple were among a handful of people who wrote in the public guest book at the hotel , which reopened to the public yesterday . murray’s new in-laws , leonore and nigel sears , wrote : ‘ thank you everyone at cromlix for making it such a magical few days . you all make cromlix such a special place where subtle magic happens xx . ’ glowing : andy and kim murray after tying the knot at dunblane cathedral on saturday . the wedding drew more than 3,000 well-wishers to the streets of his home town . writing in the guest book of cromlix house hotel , the happy couple thanked staff for their hard work around the top-secret event and signed as ‘ andy & kimberly murray’ . their younger son , scott , also enjoyed the day . he wrote : ‘hands-down best wedding ever . thanks for everything . ’ on murray’s side , maternal grandparents shirley and roy erskine wrote : ‘ what a fantastic end to a wonderful day . thank you all , staff at cromlix , for this finale . ’ and carlos mier , one of murray’s three best men along with brother jamie and tennis player ross hutchins , said the wedding brought out his romantic side . he wrote : ‘ most adorable staff in the history of hotels . can’t wait to finally meet someone , fall in love and have my wedding here . ’ on the one show last night , the mother of the groom said it was a ‘perfect’ day . the big day : judy murray is pictured left with her son 's new in-laws nigel and leonore sear . tennis coach judy murray ( left ) is pictured with alex jones ( right ) filming for the one show at bbc studios in london on tuesday . ‘ it was just such a happy family occasion and it was a perfect day from start to finish , even despite the hailstones and snow showers , ’ she said . ‘ it was very special to be able to share it with the people in dunblane who give him so much love and support all the time . ’ it was also revealed that judy murray had gone around dunblane handing out the flower bouquets that had decorated tables at cromlix house . gemma greer , manager at the dunblane centre , said : ‘ judy came in and said she was bringing round some of the flowers to the community . ‘ they are centrepieces from the tables at cromlix and they are beautiful . ’