a cross-dressing japanese television star 's robotic clone has made its ' unnervingly real ' on-screen debut - the first android to host its own show . japanese engineers , who are trying to replace celebrities with human-like androids , have pushed the clone of transvestite entertainer matsuko deluxe into the limelight . the late-night television personality shared the stage with his ' matsukoroid ' doppelganger for the first time on saturday night . scroll down for video . uncanny : the real matsuko deluxe ( left ) comes face-to-face with his android doppelganger matsukoriod ( right ) . ' unnervingly real ' : transvestite tv star matsuko deluxe ( left ) shared the stage with his ' matsukoroid ' doppelganger ( right ) on saturday . fake : mr matsuko 's robotic clone make is debut at the weekend and has been described as ' unnervingly real ' . 'it’s unnervingly real , ' said one commentator of the programme matsuko matsuko , which premiered at the weekend . mr deluxe , who is popular in japan for his frankness , said it was ' fascinating ' come face-to-face with his lookalike . ' i see myself as other people see me for the first time , and it was a significant moment , ' he added . working with world-famous roboticist hiroshi ishiguro , japan’s top advertising agency , dentsu dreamed up the idea to clone an exact android copy of the rotund entertainer . a spokesman for the agency said : ' artists and entertainers themselves aren’t yet seen as content that can be combined with technology , but the dentsu group believes the need to develop android entertainers will grow . ' performing with natural movements , while voiced and controlled remotely by a voice impersonator , the robot was put through its paces in front of an incredulous audience for the first time on nippon tv . for now , the matsukoroid robot is controlled by an human operator . but with 600 stock ' deluxe ' phases it can use in reply to voice and face recognition , it 's hoped the matsukoroid will be free of its operator by the end of the series as it learns on the job . ishiguro’s science lab used the latest silicon skin and state-of-the-art electronic actuators to achieve a lifelike look . creating the android : matsukoroid robot was developed at a cost of around £55,931 by the japanese labs . finishing touches : japan’s top make-up artist was brought in to apply the finishing touches to matsukoroid . japan’s top make-up artist was brought in to finish the job of making the bot glamorous . observers said the effect was realistic enough to go beyond the creepy . mr ishiguro said : ' because of advances in robotics , difficulty in telling man and machine apart could soon become reality . ' pepper is the first humanoid robot designed to live with humans . looking slightly put out by his new , unpaid rival , the star - one of japan 's most overworked entertainers - said he was looking forward to ' using the robot to take a few well deserved days off ' . despite the jokes , the android could be part of trend that has a more sober side . according to research company gartner , one in three jobs will be replaced by some kind of software , robot or smart machine by 2025 . matsukoroid was developed at a cost of around £55,931 by the japanese labs that already produced an autonomous experimental news-reader . the theory goes that as robots start to look more human , people will become more sympathetic towards them . but with many japanese already predisposed to being sympathetic to robots , because of the friendly way they are portrayed in japanese popular culture , mr deluxe said he noticed his fans were more inclined to approach his clone rather than himself . during the recording of matsuko matsuko , one young fan even declared his love for mr deluxe through the robot and planted a kiss on the bot 's thin , lipsticked-mouth during saturday’s programme . yuya furukawa , the creative genius behind a raft of entertainment robots including the remarkable pepper , wants to spearhead a robotics revolution for the consumer , where entertainment robots are just the start . mr deluxe , who is popular in japan for his frankness , said : ' i see myself as other people see me for the first time , and it was a significant moment ' . ishiguro’s science lab used the latest silicon skin and state-of-the-art electronic actuators to achieve a lifelike look . collaboration : world-famous roboticist hiroshi ishiguro ( left ) , worked with japan’s top advertising agency , dentsu . the advertising company recently launched the dentsu robot promotion centre to tackle the new business which it says will be a ' new industrial revolution , second only to the internet ' . currently , the domestic robot market is worth about 900 billion yen ( about £5billion ) according to japan’s trade ministry , which forecasts a 10-fold increase by 2035 . dentsu also helped develop the first robot in space kirobo – a 13-inch tall humanoid robot - which it plans to adapt as another personal entertainment drone . it was announced earlier this year that from this summer , the world’s first hotel staffed by robots will be opened in japan . chillingly life-like robots are causing a storm in japan – where their creators are about to launch them as actresses , full-size mechanical copies for pop idol fans , and clones of the dearly departed . there is even talk that the naturalistic , even engaging she-droids may be taken up as men as partners in the not-too-distant future . android asuna was a star attraction at tokyo designers’ week showcase last year and she is one of a series of geminoids , as their inventor dubs them , that are ripe for commercialisation says their creator - robotics professor hiroshi ishiguro . chillingly life-like robots are causing a storm in japan – where their creators are about to launch them as actresses and full-size mechanical copies for pop idol fans . android asuna was a star attraction at tokyo designers’ week showcase last year . she relies on a camera rigged behind her that is relayed to a remote human controller to give her life . asuna is so convincing that many bowed respectfully before requesting politely to take her photo or join a selfie . unable , for now , to use some of the advanced artificial intelligence ( ai ) , face and voice recognition systems that some japanese robots coming on the market now use , asuna relies on a camera rigged behind her that is relayed to a remote human controller to give her life . this so-called tele-presence enables asuna to come alive , taking on the operator’s personality . a fully independent version of the geminoid is expected in 10 years using all the above technologies to make her virtually indistinguishable from humans says takeshi mita , ceo of a-lab in tokyo , the company working with prof. ishiguro to make asuna and her kind commercial . previous attempts by prof. ishiguro 's team had been dismissed as unconvincing and prone to what is known as the ' uncanny valley syndrome ' . this is a term coined by another japanese professor of robotics , masahiro mori . it describes the response of revulsion and creepiness when faced with something that looks almost , but somehow not quite , human . as robots become as dexterous as asuna at mimicking humanity , so the theory goes , the syndrome will erase itself . ' androids for the sex industry are a definite possibly ' . already asuna and other androids from a-lab have had a taste of the limelight , appearing on stage and voicing actors lines using tele-presence . a-lab also hopes to tap into another big business in japan - the popularity of fantasy figurines that appeal to japan’s legions of nerdy men or ' otaku ' . as a-lab is working with highly respected prof. ishiguro , mr mita says the company has ruled out producing androids that might be used for sex . but a spokesman working with ishiguro’s lab says it is not a great leap of imagination to think similar robots , given the advancement in robotics and silicone skin technology , will be used for sex . ' physical relations will be possible in general with such androids , ' said takahashi komiyama . ' androids for the sex industry are a definite possibly . some have even fallen in love with ishiguro’s geminoids . so we ca n't rule those relationships out . '