sam burgess starred for bath as mike ford 's men moved within one point of aviva premiership leaders northampton with a five-try hammering of london irish at the rec . burgess , playing only his second game at blindside flanker , claimed the man-of-the-match award and was among the try-scorers along with leroy houston , jonathan joseph , matt banahan and semesa rokoduguni . the exiles were ahead at half-time thanks to tom court 's try , but bath were in imperious form in the second period and coasted to victory - blair cowan scored a late consolation for the visitors . bath flanker sam burgess is tackled by exiles winger alex lewington ( left ) and tom court . london irish loosehead tom court burrows over for a try late in the first half . bath no 8 leroy houston powers over from close range following a strong scrum from the home side . ford fired the home side into an early lead with a third minute peanlty after exiles no 8 tom guest infringed at the breakdown . bath began the match a furious pace and soon had the second kickable penalty of the night with ford making no mistake from the tee four minutes later . chris noakes registered the first points of the night for the visitors in the 16th minute following a powerful exiles scrum . ford added two more penalties to give bath a comfortable 12-3 lead after 30 minutes of play . noakes clawed back three points with a second penalty and the former auckland blues no 10 almost scored the first try of contest when he intercepted houston 's pass to sprint clear . anthony watson had other ideas , however , as the england flyer showed great pace to get back and bring down the exiles playmaker . bath winger matt banahan glides over for another five-pointer during a dominate second-half . the exiles were not be denied before the break as ex-ulster prop court burrowed over from close range after great work from guest and topsy ojo in the build-up . noakes knocked over the conversion to give his side a 13-12 lead heading into the break . it took bath just six minutes of the second half to get their act together , however , as houston peeled off an untidy scrum to touch down , with ford adding the conversion . five minutes later , joseph raced away to score from his own chip and collect after deft work by houston and francois louw . ford converted again to give bath a 26-13 lead . bath lock dave attwood celebrates burgess 's bonus point-clinching try at the rec . the third bath try followed almost immediately as replacement lock matt garvey made a storming run into the visitors 22 . from the ensuing ruck , the ball was moved swiftly to kyle eastmond whose long pass gave banahan an easy route to the corner . this time ford was wide with the conversion but the bonus point was wrapped up on the hour mark as burgess touched down following a powerful driving maul from the home pack . rokoduguni completed the rout in the 72nd minute with an easy finish in the corner . scotland flanker cowan barged his way over in the dying minutes but it was merely a consolation for glenn delaney 's side . fly half george ford was in sparking form for the west country outfit against the exiles .