this is the shocking moment a deputy 's bodycam captured the officer shooting a dog dead . pasco county sheriff 's office reported it has received death threats since footage emerged of deputy kerry kempink killing the dog while responding to call . the video , shot on kempink 's body camera , showed the deputy jumping a fence as he went to investigate a burglar alarm going off at the property last friday . scroll down for video . this is the shocking moment a deputy from pasco county sheriff shot a dog dead while responding to a call . he started to walk towards the home , but was stopped by two black rottweilers which had ran out towards him across the garden . within seconds of them approaching , he shot the closest dog , 18-month-old cowboy which is barking at him . he then turned his gun on the other which ran off . the horrified owner , carla gloger , appeared moments later and shouted at the officer : ' they 're not even vicious . ' kempink responded : ' he came right at me ma'am . i got it on camera , i got it on camera . ' the video , shot on kempink 's body camera , showed the deputy jumping a fence into the property where he as then confronted by two dogs . within seconds he had shot the first rottweiler which was barking at him and turned his gone on the other . but ms gloger told the deputy : ' he came right at you but not to hurt you . ' kempink then called his station but the owner , who was becoming more and more upset , shouts for him to put her pet out of its misery . tragically , when the dog sees the officer lift his gun , he attempts to crawl away . ms gloger shouted for kempink to wait , and said : ' is he ok ? no , he 's not . ' shoot him all the way , ' she told him . ' kill him . ' another loud bang can be heard yet the devastated owner continued pleading with the officer to shoot him . ' shoot him again . i can hear him suffering , shoot him . he 's just a puppy . ' the dogs ' devastated owner then comes out , and told the deputy ' they 're not even vicious ' before begging him to put him out of his misery . pasco county sheriff 's office reported it had received death threats since the shocking footage emerged . sheriff chris nocco has defended his deputy 's actions , claiming he acted in self-defense . ' i do n't think an olympic runner could have out run those rottweilers , i do n't think he was in a situation to defend himself , ' he told 10 news . but ms gloger , who trains and shows her rottweilers , said : ' if he 's coming to protect my property he took my most valuable property away from me . ' i ca n't replace my dog that 's my family that 's my son . ' she says she is now looking at pursuing legal action . sheriff nocco added that police had received multiple calls to that property in the past and hadn't known what to expect . kempink had then shot the dog again at the behest of the homeowner as an act of kindness , he added . he said they were taking the death threats made to the department very seriously . 