there 's no denying that the british interior aesthetic has come a long way over the past several decades . and for those looking to step back in time during a weekend getaway , there are plenty of options available at your fingertips . whether you prefer the earthy aesthetic of the atomic age or the bold hues of the brit-pop '90s , airbnb rentals offers places that cater to interior decor of all tastes . here , mailonline travel guides you through the decades to find the best offerings from each era ... scroll down for video . travel through time with this airbnb rental , which hark back to the earthy aesthetic of the atomic age . 1950s . it was the age of modernism , with an emphasis on open living spaces , and the landgate cottage in rye demonstrates this to a tee . the cottage , which sleeps four , features dark wood beamed ceilings and plenty of mid-century furnishings , situated ideally near the town citadel . there 's also a working fireplace in the cosy living space to relax in front of on the property 's retro couch . complete with dark wood beamed ceilings and natural accents , the landgate cottage is quintessentially 1950s . true to the period , the rental is decorated in an organic aesthetic of earthy colours and plenty of natural accents . neutral paint and wall-to-wall carpets complete the atomic age look . the quaint cottage starts at £98 per night . in the 1960s , there was an increased emphasis on freedom of expression - and that included interior decor . 1960s . the following decade saw an increased emphasis on peace , love and freedom of expression . as aesthetics move more toward the post-modernist era , the swinging '60s saw a proliferation of bright colours , many of which were associated with india . carpets , sofas and walls were all covered in vibrant colours and patterns , as evidenced in the interiors of the colour house in kendal , cumbria , and were meant to evoke a ' psychedelic intensity . ' the colour house in kendal , cumbria , is a 1960s-era dream with its bold hues and bright wall coverings . whether or not that 's the case here , this rental is undoubtedly unique in its bold design , so it 's perhaps unsurprising to learn that the host is a graphic designer herself . although the suite is part of the house , there is individualised access so guests can come and go as they please . the suite can accommodate four people , features one double bedroom and starts at £55 per night . nothing says 1970s nostalgia like a classic vw campervan , available now for rental on airbnb . 1970s . nothing says nostalgic for the past like a classic vw campervan . the vehicle , nicknamed delilah , is kitted out to a high standard , complete with fridge , sink , two-ring cooker and grill . hark back to the days of diy culture and a ' built to last ' aesthetic with the van that also comes with a leisure battery or the option to hook up to a campsite 's electric mains . delilah can sleep two adults and two children and can be rented for £650 per week . a few strong decorating trends dominated the 80s , including gold accents , leather and dark paint . 1980s . this seaside home , located in brighton , is a stylish 80s-era house spread over three floors . a few strong decorating trends dominated the decade . among them : over-the-top bedding , lots of excessive frills , mirrors and , of course , animal print . with plenty of metallic accents - think : gold-balustraded stairs , italian gold bathroom tiles , and a gold sofa bed - see saw sea is clearly inspired by the contemporary art and photography of the period . the property accommodates four and is available for £110 per night . in the era of brit-pop and new labour , it was all about a clean look with a good dose of bright colour . 1990s . it was the era of brit-pop and new labour ... and with these social revolutions came a toned-back , clean look , with a good dose of colour . also situated in brighton , wonderland cottage , and its vibrant hues , took decor inspiration from the children 's story , alice in wonderland . the bold property sleeps four in two bedrooms and is available from £79 per night . in the 2000s , muted hues reigned supreme in the british home , evidenced in this shoreditch conversion . 2000s . with the turn of the century also came the re-introduction of muted colour into the british home . as illustrated by this spacious shoreditch warehouse conversion in london , the look of the space is a bit more individualised in this decade . hints of technology are beginning to creep their way in , and , of course , ikea furnishings are prominently featured . this two bedroom rental , just steps from the trendy old street area , sleeps five comfortably and starts at £180 per night . with the age of technology comes plenty of open space , lots of personalised touches and built-in storage . 2010s . the technological era has arrived and with it , built-in storage and personalised touches . this unique rental , just minutes from london 's trendy hoxton square , was originally a victorian bank depository . decorated in an eclectic style , mixing contemporary and vintage , there are many original artworks and loads of natural light . the open-plan living space sleeps four and is available from £290 per night . for a glimpse into the future of property rentals , look no further than this geodesic dome in andalusia , spain . 2020s . for a glimpse into the future , look no further than this geodesic dome in andalusia , spain . the igloo is set on a wooden platform with adjacent deck and dinner table . also featuring an outdoor shower , huge mirror and moroccan style toilet , this rental-of-the-future is an experience in and of itself - never mind the stunning landscape at your doorstep . the private , futuristic dome bedroom is outfitted with a double bed , seating area , and mosquito netting . just one of dozens of unique rentals offered by the hosts , guests will have access to the community kitchen in the main house , as well as a shaded patio . then , retire to the comfort of your private dome , outfitted with a double bed , mosquito netting and seating area . experience the almost untouched beauty of the spanish peninsula with a one-of-a-kind lodging , which starts at £290 per night .