francois hollande has vowed to ' show no mercy ' if french peacekeepers are found guilty of sexual assaulting starving children in the central african republic . fourteen soldiers dispatched to restore order after a 2013 coup have been accused of abusing children as young as nine as they begged for something to eat , according to a french judicial source . the investigation has been underway since last year but was only made public yesterday . the french president today said : ' if some soldiers have behaved badly , i will show no mercy . ' president francois hollande has vowed to ' show no mercy ' if french peacekeepers in central african republic are found guilty of raping hungry children in exchange for food . the french defence ministry has vehemently denied covering up the scandal following revelations it was made aware of the allegations in july last year when it received a leaked un report on the subject . the ministry said it immediately launched a probe into the case when it received the news , sending investigators to the former french colony on august 1 . a defence ministry spokesman urged ' great caution ' because the accusations have not yet been proven , adding : ' there is no desire to hide anything . ' we are not hiding the facts , we are trying to verify the facts . ' the abuse reportedly took place at a centre for displaced people near bangui airport between december 2013 and june 2014 . paula donovan , co-director of advocacy group aids-free world , saw the report . a french soldier taking part in ' operation sangaris ' stands guard at the boali church as people sit on the floor . she said : ' the children were saying that they were hungry and they thought that they could get some food from the soldiers . ' the answer was `` if you do this , then i will give you food '' . ' of the six children testifying against the soldiers , four say they were direct victims of sexual abuse while two others witnessed it , the french judicial source revealed . the un employee accused of the leak , anders kompass , turned the report over to french authorities because his bosses had failed to take action and has since been suspended , the guardian reported . a un spokesman confirmed investigators had conducted a probe last year following ' serious allegations ' of child abuse and sexual exploitation by french troops . french soldiers prepare to blow up captured weapons and explosive devices in bangui on december 4 , 2014 . french soldiers patrol in a tank in bangui amid dust as citizens go about their daily business . they added that an unnamed staff member had been suspended for leaking the report . florent geel , head of the africa desk at the international federation for human rights , said kompass likely leaked the report because those accused are french . he said : ' when it involves chad , there is never any follow-up . but here it involves france , where there is an independent judicial system , it could move things on . ' the violence in the central african republic has largely pitted the christian majority against mainly muslim seleka rebels who led the march 2013 coup against former leader francois bozize . the country has yet to react officially , but a government member who wished to remain anonymous said that if true , the allegations were ' horrible and unacceptable ' . ' french soldiers can not behave like this in a country where they came to help civilians , ' they added .