john carver has called on the advice and support of former newcastle managers alan shearer and alan pardew as tensions grow between the club and its fanbase . supporters are planning to boycott today’s game at home to spurs in protest at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition from owner mike ashley . carver was in the dugout alongside pardew at the end of last season when fans again expressed their discontent during a 3-0 victory over cardiff . pardew was booed every time he ventured to the touchline amid a toxic atmosphere inside st james’ park . newcastle boss john carver is under pressure and has asked for advice from some of his predecessors . alan pardew was in charge of newcastle from 2010 to january this year , when he left for crystal palace . former newcastle striker alan shearer , the club 's record goal-scorer , also had a brief stint as manager . newcastle fans are planning to protest against owner mike ashley for a perceived lack of ambition . sunday 's protests will take place outside of the stadium , but carver – who , in fairness , has been left with a depleted and disinterested squad - could nonetheless find himself the target should his side fall to a sixth straight defeat . carver , though , accepts that he must take criticism and has spoken to the likes of pardew and close friend shearer , who was relegated as boss in 2009 , for words of encouragement . ‘ some of the advice i’ve had has been excellent . it’s definitely changed me as a person in how i’ve dealt with things because , in the past , i would have reacted to what people have said and some of the things that have been written , ’ he said . ‘ both alans have excellent experience at it and that’s why i’m listening to what they are saying . without a shadow of a doubt they have helped me through this . ‘ we are not through it yet but they have been excellent for me , along with many other people in the game . ’ he added : ‘ but the club realise the situation i’m in and they realise that it’s a difficult one , and that’s why i’m convinced they are going to have to invest . ‘ whether it’s me or whether it 's sir alex ferguson doing this job , they would need investment . ’ carver , meanwhile , does not expect a repeat of the poison of 12 months ago when they take on spurs . ‘ the cardiff game was one of the strangest atmospheres i’ve ever experienced , ’ he said . ‘ we got through it in the end . i hope it won’t be as difficult an atmosphere this time . toon fans are planning to boycott the next home game with spurs and have designed anti-ashley leaflets . newcastle players are put through their paces in training ahead of the home game with spurs on sunday . newcastle winger remy cabella strikes a shot at goal during a training session ahead of the spurs match . ‘ i don’t think it will be , i think it will be a different type of protest . the fact that people are staying away , the people who come into the stadium will be behind the team because they understand where we are and everyone will be in it together . ’ and carver believes that the home double-header with spurs and swansea will determine how the rest of their season plays out . ‘ i think these next two could define the season , because if we don’t pick up results it just adds a bit more pressure , ’ he added . ‘ sometimes pressure can take over and we don’t want to leave ourselves in that situation . ’ 