michael schumacher 's daughter gina maria has revealed her impressive riding skills at a horse show in germany . the 17-year-old was one of the participants in the nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth and looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament . dressed in a variety of elaborately decorated cowboy-style outfits and wearing a brown stetson hat , miss schumacher was seen riding a number of different horses as she took part in what is known as the ' first go-round 2nd section ' yesterday afternoon . the nrha european futurity horse show continues until saturday evening , when miss schumacher is expected to take part in the grand final of the tournament providing she is n't knocked out of the competition over the course of the week . impressive : gina maria schumacher is photographed taking part in the week-long nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth yesterday afternoon . smart moves : miss schumacher was seen riding a number of different horses during yesterday 's event . halt : gina maria schumacher wore a variety of elaborately decorated outfits and a brown stetson hat . in control : gina maria schumacher , 17 , leads a horse by the reigns at the nrha european futurity show . miss schumacher 's impressive performance at the horse show comes just days after her 16-year-old brother mick returned to the racing circuit just weeks after he was involved in a 100mph crash - and once again ended up going off the track . he made his pre-season test debut in formula 4 at the oschersleben circuit in germany - but at one point was pictured accidentally driving through gravel . mick , whose father michael won the formula 1 championship seven times , reached the new category after seven years of karting in what is seen as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top . michael schumacher , 46 , remains under the care of medics at his home on lake geneva following his catastrophic ski accident in the swiss alps in 2013 . one-handed : the 17-year-old was one of the participants in the nrha european futurity horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth and looked every inch the professional rider throughout the tournament . miss schumacher revealed her impressive riding skills at the horse show in the bavarian town of kreuth . trotting along : miss schumacher 's put in an impressive performance at the horse show yesterday afternoon . gina maria schumacher and boyfriend riccardo are pictured at the nrha european futurity horse show . michael schumacher spent months in a coma following the accident before being transferred to a rehab clinic in lausanne , switzerland . he was then moved to a medical suite built into his mansion last september . since being transferred to the medical suite built into his home , a news blackout has fallen over his condition , but insiders report he remains mute and unable to move . in february , it was revealed that schumacher had sold his norwegian mountain holiday home for £2million as he continues to recover from his horrific ski injuries . the sale of the retreat , in trysil , north of oslo , comes after it emerged last year that his family was planning to build a £10million ' hospital ' room for the star at their home in switzerland . road to recovery : michael schumacher ( pictured with wife corinna in 2004 ) was holidaying with family and friends in meribel , france when the catastrophic accident happened in december 2013 . liquidating his assets : michael schumacher 's family has sold his norwegian mountain holiday home ( pictured ) for £2million as he continues to recover from his horrific ski injuries . schumacher , a very competent skier , was holidaying with family and friends in meribel , france , where he owns a chalet when the accident happened in december 2013 . he was skiing with then 14-year-old mick on a red piste , which is classed for intermediate skiers . but shortly after 11am , he left the piste and skied on to an off-piste area located in between the red run and a blue run , for beginners to intermediates . it was here that he struck a partially-covered rock . he was not skiing fast but he lost control and catapulted 34 feet on to another rock . he smashed his head on the bolder . the force of the collision shattered his helmet . the footage recorded on a camera attached to his helmet was undamaged . laughing : gina maria schumacher 's impressive performance at the horse shows comes after her 16-year-old brother mick ( left and right ) returned to the racing circuit just weeks after being involved in a 100mph crash . back in action : the protege was back on the circuit just weeks after a 100mph crash at the lausitzring speedway in brandenburg , eastern germany . the film , which included audio , captured the crash in full horror and was analysed by police who investigated the accident . two months later , on february 17 , the head of the inquiry , prosecutor patrick quincy , closed the case . he announced that any criminal wrongdoing had been ruled out . he cleared the ski resort , stating that the piste had been marked correctly and that schumacher ' deliberately ' left the ski run . at the end of january it was announced that doctors had begun the process of gradually awakening him from his coma . since september last year he has been looked after by medical experts at his home in gland , switzerland . 