dementia could soon be treated with a ' brain pacemaker ' inserted directly into the skull , according to new research . scientists have shown that using deep brain stimulation ( dbs ) , a technique already used to treat parkinson 's disease , can boost memory by causing new brain cells to be formed . a ' pacemaker ' fitted with electrodes is inserted into the brain through holes drilled in the skull . deep brain stimulation is already used to treat parkinson 's , but now researchers now believe it could be used to improve brain function and ward off diseases such as dementia ( file image ) . experiments on rats found the therapy improved their powers of recall , and it is hoped the same will apply to humans . the device sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the brain and has also been shown to provide benefits for a range of conditions including chronic pain , major depression and obsessive compulsive disorder . the device was implanted into middle aged rats , sending out minute electrical impulses , and the study found the animals performed better in memory tests compared to those who had not been stimulated , even after 24 hours . professor ajai vyas , of nanyang technological university , singapore , said : ' extensive studies have shown that rats ' brains and memory systems are very similar to humans . ' the electrodes are harmless to the rats , as they go on to live normally and fulfil their regular adult lifespan of around 22 months . ' dbs is a surgical procedure that has become an established nhs treatment for parkinson 's sufferers whose condition does not respond to drugs . tests on lab mice showed improved memory within just 24 hours , while the rodents ' life-spans were unaffected ( file image ) . now the new research , published in the journal elife , has discovered it could also be used to enhance the growth of brain cells which relieves the harmful effects of dementia related conditions and improves short and long term memory . it found new brain cells , or neurons , can be formed by stimulating the front part of the brain known as the prefrontal cortex which is involved in memory retention using minute amounts of electricity . the increase in brain cells reduces anxiety and depression , promotes improved learning , and boosts overall memory formation and retention . prof vyas said : ' the findings from the research clearly show the potential of enhancing the growth of brain cells using deep brain stimulation . ' around 60 per cent of patients do not respond to regular anti depressant treatments and our research opens new doors for more effective treatment options . ' prof lim lee wei , of sunway university , malaysia , who worked on the project while he was at nanyang technological university , said dbs brings multiple benefits . he said : ' no negative effects have been reported in such prefrontal cortex stimulation in humans and studies have shown that stimulation also produces anti depression effects and reduces anxiety . ' memory loss in older people is not only a serious and widespread problem , but signifies a key symptom of dementia . ' at least one in 10 people aged 60 and above in singapore suffer from dementia and this breakthrough could pave the way towards improved treatments for patients . ' for decades , scientists have been finding ways to generate brain cells to treat brain trauma and injury , and age related diseases such as dementia . as part of a natural cycle , brain cells constantly die and get replaced by new ones . the area of the brain responsible for generating new brain cells is known as the hippocampus , which is also involved in memory forming , organising and retention . by stimulating the prefrontal cortex , new brain cells are formed in the hippocampus although it had not been directly stimulated .