some 40 miles north of san antonio , along a lonely two-lane road , stands a bedraggled , tin-sided building that hints at texas ' past . kendalia halle 's multi-tiered wooden truss was decked out in white lights as bruce and louetta schwab joined about 200 others for a monthly dance . the schwabs live east of dallas and during their recent visit to central texas hill country decided to visit the old hall , where patrons paid about $ 20 to hear bobby jordan and the ridgecreek band . ' it 's a combination of her love to dance and my interest in german history , ' said bruce schwab . one , two , step ! in this december 2014 file photograph , girls dance to fiddle music at twin sisters dance hall in blanco , texas . get on down ! fiddlers perform at twin sisters dance hall in december . a preservation group says old texas dance halls that for years served as important social centers in rural areas of the state are decaying and closing , with comparatively few still operating . competition : patrons are seen listening during a fiddle festival at twin sisters dance hall . kendalia halle was built more than 100 years ago by german immigrants , who through the latter half of the 19th century comprised more than 5 percent of the state 's population , according to the texas state historical commission . it 's one of an estimated 1,000 dance halls that sprung up around texas in the 1800s , knitting together german , czech , polish and other immigrant communities . about 400 such halls still stand — many unused and decaying — but only two traditional texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis : luckenbach hall in fredericksburg and gruene hall in new braunfels . ' the culture has shifted away from rural areas where most of the halls are , but what we see is that these cultures are foundational to what texans are and what texas is , ' said patrick sparks , board president of texas dance hall preservation . sparks ' group and others are working to preserve the state 's remaining dance halls , in part by creating an inventory so that the most distinctive ones become candidates for the national register of historic places . such designation would enable the halls to apply for grant assistance and protections against encroaching development . more practically , it would raise their profile among tourists and other travelers . ' you can still go out on a saturday night and experience an authentic dance hall like you could 100 years ago and that 's something that really defines our culture here in texas , ' sparks said . some dance halls also are architecturally unique , according to sparks . the cat spring agricultural society pavilion west of houston is a 12-sided hall built in 1902 by german immigrants that features an elaborate wooden truss rising up to a cupola . at one time there were about 40 such ' round halls ' in the state , sparks said , but now just half that number exist . cool refreshments : the twin sisters dance hall offers a number of beers , including bud light , coors light , and texas-based lone star . swing your partner round and round : a pair of dancers are seen at twin sisters dance hall in blanco , texas . corner entertainment : musicians tibby armke , center , and cory blair , second from right , play outside of the dance hall in december . carolyn vogel is president of a nonprofit association that operates the twin sisters dance hall . it 's believed twin sisters , not far from kendalia halle , has hosted at least a monthly dance since the 1880s . it costs about $ 16,000 a year for volunteers to maintain the building . ' on a good year we break even , ' vogel said . the association is seeking an irs designation as a charitable organization that would allow it to apply for state grants and other money , which would prove valuable in addressing expensive repairs like the nearly $ 20,000 needed to replace the roof , she said . twin sisters , founded by german immigrants , for years served as a vital community center , vogel said , and it 's important ' to reacquaint and refamiliarize people with this heritage . ' ' we 're really working to bring people back , ' she said . ' i think it 's a unique type of entertainment , also . ' from about 1870 into the 1920s , european immigrants in texas built hundreds of these halls . they largely served as meeting places for agricultural groups , rifle clubs and mutual benefit societies . over time , sparks said , they also became important social centers that on many evenings hosted popular dances . the popularity of the halls waned as texas ' population shifted to the cities . in 1900 , 83 percent of the texas population lived in rural areas ; 50 years later that percentage had fallen to 37 percent , and continues to decline . nowadays , a couple hundred remaining halls may host an event or two each year , but only a few dozen are used at least on a monthly basis , sparks said . when lee temple bought kendalia halle with his wife judi in 1995 , business did n't look so promising . one weekend he laid out $ 700 for a band only to have one couple show . while still not a money-maker , kendalia 's monthly dances , along with wedding receptions and birthday parties , help the temples break even . ' texas dance halls are becoming a very good investment because there are fewer and fewer of them , ' lee temple said . big dipper : visitors dance to live music by al dressen 's super swing review at twin sisters dance hall . showtime : al dressen 's super swing review performs as members of the audience dance . leaving for the night : a patron in a cowboy hat is seen leaving the twin sisters dance hall .