arsenal midfielder santi cazorla is among a number of players to have offered support to villarreal defender mateo musacchio following his gruesome leg injury . the argentinian fractured his fibula and dislocated his left ankle during his side 's 1-1 draw at getafe in the primera division on sunday . the 24-year-old underwent successful surgery hours later in madrid . villarreal 's mateo musacchio runs for the ball near the touchline with 13 minutes left to play . as he closes in on the ball and the sliding opponent , his right foot is bent back , breaking his ankle . musacchio crumples to the ground in agony after the horrendous ankle break . no recovery time has been set by the club but musacchio is expected to be sidelined for at least six months . cazorla , who played with musacchio during his time at villarreal , tweeted : ' a lot of best wishes to my friend mateo , i hope it 's not too serious . ' wishing you all the strength for the recovery . ' villarreal 's argentinian striker luciano vietto also tweeted : ' we share your pain and sadness , we will be supporting you all the way . ' a lot of strength mateo ! ! ! ' the spanish footballers ' association ( afe ) said in a statement : ' all the strength in the world to mateo . santi cazorla played with musacchio for villarreal before joining arsenal , tweeted support for the defender . cazorla wrote : ' a lot of best wishes to my friend mateo , i hope it 's not too serious ' . ' we will await your return to the pitch as soon as possible with the rest of your villarreal team-mates . ' musacchio , who joined villarreal from river plate in 2009 , has been limited to just 12 la liga starts this season because of injuries . the south american recovered from a torn hamstring back in january . ' i would have traded losing by a big margin than seeing mateo getting injured this way , ' villarreal coach marcelino said on his club 's official website . ' it 's a difficult time for everyone . ' it 's a very serious injury and it 's a real misfortune . ' i did n't think mateo 's injury would be as serious as it is but when i approached the stretcher and i saw that there was so much blood , i got frightened . ' we hope we can all help him in his recovery . ' it 's a sad time for us . ' musacchio joins villarreal captain bruno soriano on the sidelines , who is out of action until may with a knee injury sustained earlier this year . 