a transportation security administration agent who was fired in nashville after becoming obsessed with a coworker - following her , taking videos and photos and breaking into her house five times - was jailed this week as a result of the stalking case . daniel boykin , 33 , plead guilty to charges of unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping , unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes . in apologizing for his actions in court thursday , boykin admitted to repeatedly filming the woman inside a bathroom at nashville international airport and was subsequently sentenced to six months prison . at the time of his arrest last year , boykin was found with 92 videos of the victim — 29 taken from the airport bathroom — and 1,527 photographs . investigators found additional images taken inside the woman 's home of air vents and shelves in the bathroom , which they believe suggested he intended to plant hidden cameras at some point . obsessed : daniel boykin , 33 , a former tsa employee , appeared in court in nashville on thursday as he was sentenced to six months prison for stalking a colleague . more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim were discovered on boykin’s phone and computer , and he broke into her home five times . disturbed : boykin was sentenced thursday for unlawful photography , aggravated burglary , wiretapping , unlawful telephone recording and two computer crimes . he will be under strict probation for five years once he leaves prison , however will not be registered as a sex offender . he also took photos of her clothing and stole pictures from her electronic devices . the victim , who has not been named , came forward in may 2014 . she told authorities that boykin would watch her dog on the weekends . however when looking at some photos of the dog on his phone one day at work , the woman discovered a cache of photos of herself . ' i was sick to my stomach , ' she told the court , according to wkrn . ' i am sure i was as white as these walls . ' so eventually i said i had a headache and had to go home . ' boykin also took to the stand to say he was sorry . ' i have abused and broken a trust that i can never repair , and for that i am truly sorry , ' he told the court . the detective in the case , andrew vallee , said he as truly shocked during the investigation . arrest : police began investigating boykin on may 30 , 2014 , after the u.s. attorney 's office forwarded a complaint filed by the victim . she came forward after observing videos of herself on boykin 's phone . he was arrest after a search warrant was served at his nashville apartment . ' this was one of the worst cases i have seen in terms of invading somebody 's privacy in their most intimate moments and the most secure place , her home , ' the detective told the tennessean . ' my biggest disappointment in terms of justice was that under current law , ( boykin ) does n't have to register as a sex offender . ' because my main motivation for justice is reducing the possibility that he will ever do this again to anyone else . ' on top of the six months in prison , the sentence includes more than five years of probation with strict supervision and gps monitoring . the judge also emphasized that boykin should continue seeking mental health treatment .