a pennsylvania high school is attracting national media attention for all the wrong reasons after a group of students organized a so-called anti-gay day protest , with future events scheduled . the organizers of the homophobic protest at mcguffey high school in washington county encouraged anyone who shared their bigoted stance to show support by wearing a flannel shirt to school and writing 'anti-gay ' on their hands . the event was held last thursday and students report that openly gay pupils also had bible verses pined to their lockers and were physically bullied by the so-called protesters . scroll down for video . a number of the anti-gay protesters proudly shared photos of them wearing flannel shirts on social media platforms such as instagram . pupils also wrote 'anti-gay ' on the hands along with a cross as part of their protests apparantly a reaction to a day of silence events for bullied lbgt students the previous day . ' it hurts me to see how rude and cruel , and some of these people were my friends before this started , ' zoe johnson told wpxi . she was one of a number of pupils who the previous day had observed the nationally recognized day of silence , an event aimed at drawing attention to gay and lesbian bullying and harassment in schools . as part of their protest , johnson and the other dozen members of the school 's gay-straight alliance had worn black , painted rainbows on their faces , and remained silent for much of the day . thursday 's anti-gay day protest is understood to have been a reaction to the previous day 's event . it is estimated that somewhere between 50 and 100 students took part in the anti-gay event and many openly shared photos on social media of them dressed in their flannel shirts . ' they had a very silent , respectful day of action , and then they came to school on thursday to an organized backlash , ' kathy cameron , chair of the board of directors of the washington county gay straight alliance , told buzzfeed . the organizers of the school 's anti-gay movement have promised further clothing-related protests this week . ' the instigators , the bullies , seemed to be very proud of their efforts and posted many smiling pictures online . ' it is believed the students chose the shirts because they are a common item of clothing found in most wardrobes . the organizers of the anti-gay movement have promised further clothing-related protests this week including wearing orange . students have also reported seeing a ' lynch list ' circulating the school of lbgt students who participated in the day of silence event . concerned students and parents have called on school authorities to act and dr. erica kolat , superintendent of mcguffey school district , has released a statement . ' yesterday afternoon , april 16 , 2015 , allegations of harassment were brought to the attention of our administration . mcguffey school district , along with school police officers , continue to investigate all allegations , ' she said . ' we will follow our student code of conduct , and file legal citations , as warranted . we resolve to ensure that all children can grow and learn in a safe , supportive environment free from discrimination . ' students have also reported seeing a ' lynch list ' curculating the school of lbgt students who participated in the day of silence event . 