defender per mertesacker believes arsenal have become a stronger unit from their fa cup success of last season , but can not allow themselves any sense of complacency against reading at wembley in saturday 's fa cup semi-final . the gunners head into the tie on the back of a superb run of form , which has seen them win 16 from 18 matches in all competitions and up into second place in the barclays premier league . the atmosphere around the club is certainly a world way from the tense finale to the 2013/14 campaign , when arsenal were under extreme pressure in the quest to finally end a near decade wait for silverware as well as finish in the top four of the barclays premier league once again , not to mention the uncertainty around the future of manager arsene wenger . per mertesacker will not allow arsenal to become complacent in fa cup semi-final against reading . mertesacker pictured during a training session with his arsenal team-mates on friday ahead of the clash . alexis sanchez looked in good spirits as he cheered on his team-mates during their training session . calum chambers reacts as danny welbeck laughs during training as they prepare to defend their fa cup win . those ambitions were within eight minutes of being shattered when trailing 1-0 to wigan in their semi-final 12 months ago , before mertesacker made amends for giving away an earlier penalty when heading home a late equaliser to force extra-time and a nerve-shredding penalty shoot-out victory that in turn set up a final against hull , which itself proved just as dramatic as arsenal came from 2-0 down to lift the trophy . ' it is a good warning to all of us . you need to be focused 100 per cent reading , so it is going to be a tough one for us , ' said the german , who will again lead the team out at wembley with captain mikel arteta still not fit . we suffered a bit last season on that occasion with that pressure , but it was a great experience and hopefully we can manage that a bit better . ' we are on a good level of confidence , but there will be pressure on us because we are super favourites and can we handle that during the game ? ' mertesacker added : ' it is going to be reading 's biggest game of the season , so to mentally prepare for that is going to be difficult , not just to match their physicality and mental strength , but to do more , to be on the ball from the start , to show them respect , but no fear for the pressure . ' the winning streak helps us a bit , but this competition is completely different . arsenal manager arsene wenger pictured during training as he prepares to face championship club reading . arsenal 's stars were put through their paces ahead of the short trip from north london to wembley stadium . mesut ozil and mathieu flamini acknowledge each other during the arsenal training session on friday . ' it is the best competition i have ever played in because so many big teams struggle , but i do n't want to struggle . i want to repeat the success ( of 2014 ) , so let 's make sure that we are on the same level and do more than our opponent . ' i feel that we are really sharp and eager to repeat it . we have the chance to do it because we did well before and that is something i want to build on . ' mertesacker believes the squad have it within themselves to sustain a challenge for honours in the coming seasons . the german continued : ' to go on or to be consistent - that is a tough target , but we push ourselves . ' we want to be able to defend a title and be able to compete at the top which makes us at the moment a good team . we have n't shown that consistently this season because all of a sudden we lost one game [ in the champions league last 16 first leg to monaco ] and in a cup competition you can not afford that . ' even in the premier league , if you lose four games , you can not win the title , so that is something we really try to push ourselves to the next level . ' arsenal won the fa cup last year and will be trying to defend their trophy this season once more . chambers and ozil during training in london on friday morning ahead of saturday 's semi-final . the bedrock of arsenal 's resurgence has been the return to fitness of key men , which has left the likes of theo walcott , danny welbeck and kieran gibbs all looking on from the bench . jack wilshere could be another in contention this weekend , having recovered from minor ankle surgery . mertesacker believes such strength in depth can only be a positive for the squad 's development . ' it is weird , but it is really good , the competition we have got at the moment . it is really something that lifts everyone at the club , ' he said . ' obviously there are going to be a few disappointing situations for players , but we have to respect the manager 's decision and not to let anyone down , if someone is not in the squad . '