a bride-to-be who thought she had beaten a rare cancer has been forced to bring forward her wedding date after the devastating news that the illness has returned . the friends and family of courtney terry , 27 , are now furiously fundraising in a bid to fulfill her final wish of a dream wedding . courtney was just 19 when she was first diagnosed with the same disease that killed her 23-year-old brother jordan seven years ago . courtney terry , 27 , with her childhood sweetheart billy webb and daughter dolcie . but despite chemotherapy and a kidney removal , her kidney cancer - which is so rare it does not have a name - returned when she became pregnant in 2009 . courtney , from barnehurst , south-east london , had planned to marry her childhood sweetheart billy webb in seven months ' time . but doctors have advised her to bring the event forward because of her worsening condition . now she and her family are relying are on the kindness of strangers to crowdfund their wedding . courtney and billy had been planning to marry in seven months time but have had to bring forward the wedding because her condition has worsened . the family hope to raise £20,000 so the event in a few weeks can create happy memories for billy and her five-year-old daughter , dolcie . the keen millwall fc fan has received multiple treatments including chemotherapy , trials , surgery and radiotherapy . but she has no more treatment options left . courtney , who has been engaged to billy for two years , said : ' it is too late to help me now . ' there is no more surgery or chemo . i know i am going to die . ' i wo n't grow old with the man i love or see my girl grow up . ' but the one thing i can do before it is too late is be mrs webb . ' courtney , pictured here with billy and dolcie , has a kidney cancer so rare that it has no name . she continued : ' i waited and waited to get married as i wanted to get well first , and there was always another operation or drug trial that got in the way . ' now i just want to do it before it is too late . ' courtney , whose cancer is so rare doctors do not have a name for it , added : ' i look at my future and i see where it ends . i will die never knowing what is wrong with me - never having a name for it . ' but this wedding is my chance to make memories for my family that will last a lifetime , even if i do n't . ' i just pray we can get the money together in time . ' the amount raised so far has topped £14,000 with 65 days left to raise their target figure . courtney , pictured with her boyfriend and daughter , is now hoping to get married in less than three months time . her family said in a statement : ' courtney has been unbelievably strong , coping with treatments and their side effects and was often given bad news , whilst being a mum and raising a beautiful little girl . ' they had planned to get married in november , but this week she was advised by her medical team that they should bring forward the wedding as she may not be well enough in november , as her disease is terminal . ' this had a huge impact on the family , who did not expect to hear that her death was going to be so soon . ' they had a dream for a fairytale wedding to provide an extra special positive memory for dolcie , billy and their families . ' courtney and billy are saving for their wedding at : causewish.com/project/courtney-s-final-wish .