a couple who were reunited with their lost wedding ring after it was discovered by a scuba diver in mexico have renewed their vows in an intimate ceremony - alongside the man who found and returned the precious piece of jewelry . martin and jessica castillo , from nuevo laredo , mexico , lost the ring , which belongs to mr castillo , while they were scuba diving during their honeymoon in playa del carmen in february 2013 , and had all but given up hope of finding it when they were told that it had been found by massachusetts resident daniel roark , who picked it up from the ocean floor over a year after it was first lost . now , in honor of the lucky reunion with their ring , mr and mrs castillo have renewed their vows - and even asked mr roark , 22 , to serve as their ' padrino de anillo ' , or ' godfather of the ring ' for the ceremony , which took place in the same town as their original honeymoon . scroll down for video . the happy trio : martin ( l ) and jessica ( r ) castillo invited daniel roark to play a role in their vow renewal ceremony after he reunited them with their lost wedding ring last year . special occasion : before a cousin of mrs castillo 's alerted them to mr roark 's facebook campaign , the couple had all but given up hope of ever finding the lost wedding band . ' on a sunny day daniel and martin waited under the chuppah for jessica , ' the couple 's photographer , matt , wrote on his website . ' she approached the altar on the beach in her white bridal gown and greeted her husband with a kiss . daniel was the “ padrino de anillo“ , “ godfather of the ring” , returning the wedding band to the couple and having it placed on martin’s finger [ and bringing ] closure after a two-year journey . ' jessica and martin renewed their vows , embraced their “angel” and celebrated their love , the success of # thelostweddingband campaign and the goodhearted young man behind it ( sic ) . ' jessica and martin also shared a preview of the sequel to this story , they are expecting their first child and will name it after daniel ! ' new friends , new adventures and a fresh start with the ring they thought was gone forever , a fairytale come true and a “ happily ever after” for all . ' sun-filled fun : the couple returned to playa del carmen , in mexico , where they had their honeymoon , in order to renew their vows . special role : mr roark was invited to serve as the couple 's ' padrino de anillo ' or ' godfather of the ring ' . lucky find : mr roark , an enthusiastic scuba diver , discovered the ring in september 2014 , more than a year after it was lost . meaningful : the ring is engraved with ' jessica 16-02-13 tyyjcem ' . tyyjcem stands for ' tu y yo juntos contra el mundo ' or ' you and i together against the world ' . after discovering the lost wedding band , which been lying under seven feet of water for over a year , while scuba diving on holiday in september 2014 , mr roark sent out a message on his facebook page in the hopes of returning the ring , which is engraved with ' jessica 16-02-13 tyyjcem ' . tyyjcem stands for ' tu y yo juntos contra el mundo ' or ' you and i together against the world ' . the facebook campaign quickly attracted attention and support from hundreds of thousands of people around the globe , sparking a viral social media search for the couple - who were eventually told about mr roark 's efforts by mrs castillo 's cousin . although mr roark admits he was slightly skeptical about the legitimacy of the cousin 's claims - he had already received more than 50 messages from people falsely claiming that the ring belonged to them - he was soon convinced after she sent him a series of images of mr castillo wearing the band on his wedding day . ' we had no idea that someone was looking for us , ' mr castillo said at the time . ' you have no idea what this means . ' guardian : mr castillo described mr roark as the couple 's ' angel ' . true love : the couple were overjoyed to be reunited with the wedding band . mr roark admitted when he first found the ring that he had no idea whether its owner would actually want it to be returned - or whether it had been cast into the water on purpose , in a willing attempt to ensure it remained lost . when he launched his initial campaign on facebook , mr roark posted a picture of the ring , before writing : ' ok , so while scuba diving around playa reef , playa del carmen last week , i happened to find this ring . ' unfortunately there is no way for me to know whether it was lost or intentionally thrown into the ocean . ' assuming it was not the latter , i 'd like to find the owner so i can send it to them . ' ' if you know a couple who was married on february 16th , 2013 , who lost a wedding band ( likely while diving ) near playa del carmen mexico , please have them contact me at thelostweddingband @ yahoo.com . precious : mr roark posted this picture of the ring on his facebook page shortly after finding it . helping hand : mr roark was scuba diving off the coast of playa del carmen in mexico when he found the wedding ring on the sea bed . found : a cousin of mrs castillo 's ( center ) messaged mr roark to tell him the ring belonged to her relaitve , who had lost it during their honeymoon in february 2013 . ' if not , please take a second to share this . let 's make some social media magic happen ! ' in another post he added : ' i 'm shocked at how much support the search for the wedding band owner has received ! ' the story was even shared on george takei 's facebook wall , boost the search 's signal , with roark stating that along brought in 125,000 more shares . ' sadly the owner has not been found yet , but my hope for humanity was certainly restored ! ' ' always remember , even in this crazy world , there are a lot of kind people . '