mobile phones and tablet computers are becoming dangerous distractions for parents who are supposed to be supervising their children , researchers claim . a study found youngsters were more likely to engage in risky behaviour when those looking after them were distracted – with texting or talking on the phone a common cause . researchers observed randomly selected parents with children who looked between 18 months and five years old at playgrounds in new york . children are more likely to engage in risky behaviour when those looking after them are distracted by texting or talking on the phone , the study showed ( file picture ) . they measured factors such as the adult’s level of engagement with the child and how distracted they seemed . the researchers also observed how often the child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a slide head-first . children whose carers were distracted were ‘significantly’ more likely to behave in this way . the researchers also observed how often the child took risks such as jumping off moving swings or going down a slide head-first and found children whose carers were distracted were ‘significantly’ more likely to behave in this way . electronic devices such as mobile phones were responsible for 30 per cent of all parental distractions . three children fell while the researchers were observing them although none was seriously hurt . study author ruth milanaik , of cohen children’s medical centre in new york , called on gadget-obsessed parents to keep a closer eye on their offspring , saying : ‘ increased awareness of limiting electronic distractions and other activities that interfere with supervision should be considered . ’ a neuroscientist claims that modern technology such as computer tablets and mobile phones could be changing the way our brains work . professor susan greenfield warned that unless people wake up to the damage that the gadget-filled , pharmaceutically-enhanced 21st century may be doing to our brains , we could be sleepwalking towards a future in which neuro-chip technology blurs the line between living and non-living machines , and between our bodies and the outside world . electronic devices such as mobile phones and computer tablets could be anging the way our brains work , according to a neuroscientist . she said : ' one vital fact i have learnt is that the brain is not the unchanging organ that we might imagine . ' it not only goes on developing , changing and , in some tragic cases , eventually deteriorating with age , it is also substantially shaped by what we do to it and by the experience of daily life . when i say `` shaped '' , i 'm not talking figuratively or metaphorically ; i 'm talking literally . at a microcellular level , the infinitely complex network of nerve cells that make up the constituent parts of the brain actually change in response to certain experiences and stimuli . ' the brain , in other words , is malleable - not just in early childhood but right up to early adulthood , and , in certain instances , beyond . the surrounding environment has a huge impact both on the way our brains develop and how that brain is transformed into a unique human mind . of course , there 's nothing new about that : human brains have been changing , adapting and developing in response to outside stimuli for centuries . but in the last century , development of new technologies has increased dramatically . ' this will affect our brains over the next 100 years in ways we might never have imagined , ' she said . ' our brains are under the influence of an ever- expanding world of new technology : multichannel television , video games , mp3 players , the internet , wireless networks , bluetooth links - the list goes on and on . ' this games-driven generation interpret the world through screen-shaped eyes . it 's almost as if something has n't really happened until it 's been posted on facebook , bebo or youtube . ' we could be raising a hedonistic generation who live only in the thrill of the computer-generated moment , and are in distinct danger of detaching themselves from what the rest of us would consider the real world . ' ' electronic devices and pharmaceutical drugs all have an impact on the micro- cellular structure and complex biochemistry of our brains . and that , in turn , affects our personality , our behaviour and our characteristics . in short , the modern world could well be altering our human identity . ' 