rangers boss stuart mccall ordered his side to end their stuttering away form at dumbarton on saturday to ramp up the pressure on play-off rivals hibs . the ibrox boss watched his side drop two points against bottom side livingston in west lothian but insisted the 1-1 draw — with myles hippolyte and marius zaliukas trading goals — could end up being crucial in the quest to finish second . rangers have only won once in their last five away matches and mccall insists nothing less than a victory will do at the bet butler stadium this weekend as his side aim to go four clear in second while hibs face falkirk in the scottish cup semi finals . stuart mccall wants his side to put their away-day blues behind them at dumbarton on saturday . ‘ we could be four ahead on saturday night so that might be a very important point for us tonight , ’ said mccall on a night when rangers fans let off a series of fireworks in the energy assets arena . ‘it’s still in our hands — but we have got to go and win on saturday ! ‘ of course i’m disappointed not to win the game . we didn’t deserve any more but this wasn’t a case of us blowing hot and cold . we’ve no divine right to come here and win . ‘ i said before the game this would be a tough place to come . ok , we didn’t play as fluently as we would have liked but livvy were fighting for their lives . they are a physical side and hibs and queen of the south have still to come here . rangers dropped two points at championship bottom side livingston in their bid for promotion . myles hippolyte gave livingston the lead early in the second half and threatened to upset rangers . ‘ it was a game that panned out the way i expected on a tight park , dry and bumpy . it was a fair result . you can’t stop a free kick like that ( by hippolyte ) . ’ meanwhile , mark burchill was left ruing a first half ‘goal’ by hippolyte that was chalked off after a supposed foul by jordan white on cammy bell . but the livvy boss was also left lamenting his team’s dire defending 120 seconds after taking the lead through hippolyte’s fine freekick . ‘ i think everyone here knows it should have been a goal by myles in the first half , ’ he sighed . marius zaliukas equalised a couple of minutes later for rangers at the energy assets arena . ‘i’m just really disappointed . it was a terrible goal for us to lose . if you go ahead in a match you really want to do better than that . when you’ve taken the lead that’s your most vulnerable time as a team . and i just feel if we had weathered that then rangers would have run out of ideas . ‘ it was not the best we have played but i felt we more than matched rangers tonight . i watched them on sunday against raith and i thought we could get three points from them and i’m disappointed we never managed to do that . ’