there is a problem with england 's top order and it is not an easy one to solve . do n't get me wrong . england 's top three are exceptional players but the issue is that they are very one-paced and when the west indies bowling was so disciplined , that became a problem on the first morning of the first test . it is ok batting the way england did if they had got through to lunch on 60 without loss , but they will be exposed against better teams than west indies , like australia , if they crash to 34 for three in the first session as they did here . as a player i would never worry about the pace runs came as long as they came . you are there to win games . but now i appreciate the need to entertain as well and the way the top three go about things might become a bit monotonous . joe root ( left ) and ian bell ( right ) put on 177 runs for the fourth wicket on day one in antigua . bell raises his bat to the crowd after scoring his 22nd test match century at the sir viv richards stadium . ok , if they stay in the runs will come and england supporters will be happy but it should be remembered that england have promised to play a certain way . you have to give jonathan trott huge credit for battling his way back to test cricket but a bit of a risk has been taken with him because if it does n't come off it will look like another big decision that england have got wrong . as for captain alastair cook , he has been working hard with graham gooch and has opened his shoulder up a bit , but the pitched up delivery continues to get him out . ben stokes was unbeaten on 71 at the close of play as england reached 341 for five . bell and root lifted england 's run rate and got them out of a hole having fallen to 34 for three . gary ballance has got this big backwards movement so to get him driving , and dismissing him the way the west indies did , represented a sucker punch . then you looked at the way ian bell and joe root went about their business and they were just that bit busier . you ca n't bowl one way to them to dry up their scoring shots because they both drive and they both pull well . thanks to those two and ben stokes , this turned out to be very much england 's day . i was delighted that stokes batted so well on his return to the side . he made no excuses when he was left out of the side and said he deserved to be dropped . i like that , and i like a player like him coming in at no 6 and taking the game away from the opposition . alastair cook is bowled through the gate by kemar roach for 11 on the first morning in antigua . jonathan trott 's first test in 18 months ended in a third-ball duck as he was dismissed in the first over . peter moores and cook are both genuinely good guys trying to do a good job , so when i received a text from moores asking if i would have a motivational talk with the team on the eve of the test i was happy to oblige . i have always said that if england ever want any input from me i will try to help . it 's difficult to do that at times , being on the other side of the fence now with the media , but my heart is in english cricket and i want england to do well . it was only a 15-minute chat at the end of england 's team meeting and , while not going into it too deeply , i just tried to give the team a sense of perspective . gary ballance was third to go for england on the first morning as he was dismissed by jason holder . it 's difficult at times when you are in the bubble to remember what it means to be an england cricketer and i tried to emphasise that it is important , but you have to try to play down in your mind quite how important it is and enjoy the journey . and when england were 34 for three , i was receiving a lot of comments in the commentary box about my supposed motivational skills ! i replied that i only actually spoke to the england middle order .