a dozen or more metal implements are arranged in neat rows on the table next to the bed . they look like something frankenstein might have had applied to his monster 's neck . i begin to feel nervous . what on earth have i got myself into ? the pristine white room adds to the feeling that i 'm about to undergo major surgery . but i 'm not . i 'm here to try the wackiest face treatment to hit the beauty scene : the tuning fork facial . offered at the upmarket hale clinic in london and other clinics nationwide , the scary sounding tuning forks are pieces of metal that make different pitched sounds when struck and made to vibrate . tuned in : marianne is given the tuning fork treatment . when they are placed on specific parts of the face - the neck , the jowls , forehead and around the eyes - vibrations are said to tighten sagging skin , eradicate dark circles , lessen the appearance of wrinkles and stimulate collagen . the results mean that your face looks younger , brighter and more toned . some say it 's the non-jab equivalent of botox . the treatment comes from the u.s. - where else ? advocates claim the ' sound waves of the forks vibrate and travel deeply into the body along energy pathways , affecting human physiology and reaching places not easily accessed ' . so far , so new age gibberish . there seems to be no scientific proof that tuning forks can make you look younger , prettier or more rested . it sounds nutty - the kind of thing practised by people who like panpipes and hemp seeds . the uk beauty industry employs more a million people and is worth £17 bn . i prefer my facials to involve peels , not strange pieces of metal . but while i may be sceptical , i am also , at 37 , willing to try anything . over the past few years , frown lines have begun to appear on my forehead , and my face appears increasingly pale , puffy and bloated . i explain all this to therapist samara reid , who 's sympathetic . ' what 's wonderful about these facials is they improve the appearance of the skin , but also treat the cause of the problem , ' she says . ' if you 're pale , you probably have poor circulation . the forks can boost blood flow , which will give you a healthier colour . ' samara has been a facial acupuncturist for 20 years , but she has started using the forks on their own and in conjunction with needles . ' i can see my jawline for the first time in a while , and my skin looks plumper and pink , rather than white ' . the therapies work on the same principle of chinese acupuncture , which follows the idea that our body 's energy - or ' qi ' - flows through 12 main channels called meridians . if this flow is interrupted , it can cause ill health and affect our appearance , causing premature ageing , dry skin and eye bags . inserting needles or vibrating tuning fork on these trigger points supposedly restores the flow of energy , improving fine lines and circulation , leading to a clearer , rejuvenated complexion . samara uses them together for a more powerful effect , but for the needle-phobic the forks can be used on their own . certain forks are designed for different parts of the face and the body - there are dozens of them , with names such as ' sun ' , ' earth ' and ' new moon ' . the physical vibrations have an effect on the body , while the sound from the forks is simultaneously soothing . samara pings one of the forks and puts it up to my ear . the sound is magical , like a xylophone from outer space . she asks me to get on the bed and remove my socks . she explains she will tap my feet with the forks and apply needles to ' bring the energy down for grounding ' ( whatever that means ) before starting on the face and getting the energy flowing all around my body . samara uses a ' gold ohm unison ' tuning fork . she strikes it against a hard disc strapped on her leg , which creates a vibration , before putting the base of the fork on various points on my feet . i can feel a gentle , deep vibration travel through my feet and halfway up my legs . it 's a strange , tingly sensation , and builds as she places the fork on more points on my feet . within two minutes i feel as if i 'm floating . she then puts needles in between my toes to ' cleanse the system ' . they do n't hurt at all . then she moves to my face . she feels around my jawline and says she can feel i have raised glands . she asks if i get a lot of sore throats , and i say yes . ' the vibration from the forks can help the lymph glands to drain , which will help bring down the swelling , ' she says , adding that all she 's doing is ' clearing blockages ' , which will help everything work better . inserting needles or vibrating tuning fork on these trigger points supposedly restores the flow of energy , improving fine lines and circulation , leading to a clearer , rejuvenated complexion . marinna finds the physical vibrations have an effect on the body , while the sound from the forks is simultaneously soothing . she also explains that she uses tuning forks to help tighten loose muscle around the jawline . as she puts the base of the ' earth ' fork around my jawline , the vibrations go deep into my head . it feels odd , but also rather lovely . she then puts the forks up to my ears and i hear a clear , deep , bell-like sound that feels as if it 's cleaning my mind . all my normal chattering thoughts are gone for a moment . samara , who is wafting around the room ethereally , as new aged therapists are wont to do , explains in her soft , slow voice that different forks have different sounds , varying from deep and resonant to high-pitched . she says the ' new moon ' fork is good for wrinkles and crow 's feet , because it relaxes the skin . but when she starts talking about how the sounds will ' bring me into alignment with the cycles and rhythms of the cosmos ' , it feels a step too far . she found the effect was less pronounced the following day - although she still looked better . i begin to feel it is all ridiculous . but then she moves up my face . samara tells me i have deep lines between my nose and mouth and my cheeks are puffy . she asks if i get a lot of sinus problems . again , i say yes . she 's more thorough than some gps i 've seen . samara presses the forks along the side of my nose , where the vibrations should help drain the sinuses , and then my eyes , where apparently they will help reduce dark circles . finally , samara comes to my forehead . she tells me i have a line forming between my eyebrows , known as the ' suspended sword ' , which can be caused by fear and concentration . ' do you frown when you are concentrating ? ' she asks . i do . ' and do you find yourself feeling frightened quite often ? ' she asks . yes ! this woman is a mind-reader . and then we 're done . it feels as if i 've been lying there for a minute , but samara tells me it 's nearly an hour . i feel spaced out . i 'm so relaxed it 's hard to speak . apparently , this is normal , the result of feel-good endorphins created when pressure points are stimulated . i 'm pleasantly surprised - in the mirror , my face looks less like the pilsbury doughboy . i can see my jawline for the first time in a while , and my skin looks plumper and pink , rather than white . the next morning , i take a long , hard look at my face . the effect is n't as pronounced as the day before , but my skin looks smoother and i have more colour . samara recommends 12 sessions , but most people see a difference after just three or four . at £90 for an hour , it 's not cheap , but it 's reminded me of a basic beauty truth : a glowing complexion is n't something to be obtained in an expensive cream - it comes from being healthy inside and out . samara packs me off with some good advice : drink fresh ginger tea to boost my immune system and try to avoid dairy , which does n't help if you 're prone to congestion , coughs and colds . maybe i am the hemp seed type after all . i have booked a second appointment . samara reid , the hale clinic , london ( 020 7631 0156 ) . experts recommend 12 sessions . at £90 for an hour , it 's not cheap . 