the mother-in-law of one of one of the boston bombers has taken to the stand to tell how her daughter was converted to islam by her husband , as lawyers try to argue the other brother out of being put to death . judith russell , whose daughter katherine married tamerlan tsarnaev , one of the two mass murderers who set of bombs at the 2013 boston marathon , spoke at a court in the city today . her words came as jurors decide whether tamerlan 's brother , dzhokhar tsarnaev , 21 , should be put to death after being convicted of a host of crimes in connection with the massacre . scroll down for video . on the stand : judith russell , pictured right in a 2013 file photo , took to the stand in the trial of boston bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev . she told how her daughter katherine , left , converted to islam after meeting dzhokhar 's brother tamerlan . dzhokhar tsarnaev , pictured three months after his arrest for the boston bombing , flipping off a camera in his jail cell . his defense team argued on monday he is a ' good boy ' and should be spared the death penalty for killing three people and injuring several hundred in the 2013 terrorist attacks . tamerlan himself was killed in a police firefight a few days after the bombing , which he masterminded . change : katherine russell is pictured in a yearbook photo , before she converted to islam . defense lawyers for dzhokhar have made the argument that he should not be killed because he was in some capacity forced into the killings by his more persuasive elder sibling . russell was brought before the jury as a defense witness - and told how tamerlan met her daughter and got her pregnant before gradually becoming more radical in her views . russell told jurors she drifted from her daughter as a result of the relationship - and that at some point was shocked to find her wearing the veil and a new convert to her husband 's faith . though russell admitted that katherine seemed to take on the religion of her own volition - and still upholds it - her testimony indicated that he was the cause and she considered the move a sacrifice for him . at one point she revealed that tamerlan , who was originally unemployed and unmotivated , became so zealous in his faith that he tried to force literature on her , too , and encourage her to convert . she told jurors that she has an islam for dummies book on her shelf at home , but could n't remember who gave it to her . she said she had hardly met dzhokhar or his family , but that she remembered attending a baby shower which the brothers ' very religious mother attended . dzhokhar tsarnaev , an ethnic chechen , was found guilty earlier this month of killing three people and injuring 264 as well as fatally shooting a police officer . david bruck delivered the defense 's opening statement in the penalty phase of tsarnaev 's trial , claiming that no punishment tsarnaev can be given is equal to the suffering of the victims . influencer ? defense lawyers for tsarnaev ( left ) have said that his brother tamerlan ( right ) drove his brother to help him with the 2013 killings . ' there is no evening the scales , ' bruck said . ' there is no point in trying to hurt him as he hurt because it ca n't be done . ' during the initial stage of his trial , prosecutors portrayed him as an extremist who wanted to ' punish america ' for military campaigns in muslim-dominated countries . the teen followed a blueprint from al qaeda 's inspire magazine to build the homemade pressure-cooker bombs that ripped through crowds of spectators , volunteers and athletes on april 15 , 2013 . bruck urged the jury to sentence the defendant to life in prison without the possibility of ever being released for his crimes . a chilling photo was revealed last week at the boston bombing trial showing the aftermath of the blasts on boylston street . ' his legal case will be over for good , and no martyrdom , just years and years of punishment , ' the lawyer said . ' all the while , society is protected . ' bruck told the court that tsarnaev would be sent to a supermax prison in the colorado mountains , adding that he would have no privacy , be under a video camera 24 hours a day . he would be allowed no interviews , there would be no autobiography and no messages relayed , the attorney added . bruck focused heavily on tsarnaev 's brother , tamerlan , who died after a gunfight with police four days after the bombing , saying he led the plot and provided the ' fuel ' to drive the plan . he said tamerlan was ' consumed by jihad ' and had ' power ' over dzhokhar , who admired his older brother . bruck contrasted tamerlan with dzhokhar , saying tamerlan was loud and aggressive , got into fights , failed at everything he did and never held a steady job , while dzhokhar was a good student in high school , was loved by his teachers there , had many friends and never got in a fight . ' he was a good kid , ' the lawyer said . but he said tsarnaev started going downhill in college . one of the first defense witnesses to testify in the penalty phase described an incident at a mosque when tamerlan became angry and interrupted prayer services . imam loay assaf testified on monday that he got very angry during one service in 2013 when assaf praised martin luther king jr and compared him to the prophet mohammad . assaf says tamerlan interrupted the service , shouting at him and calling him a ' hypocrite ' . prosecutors have portrayed tsarnaev as an unrepentant killer who gave the finger to the security camera in his jail cell three months after his arrest . the startling photo and video were shown to the jury last week . bruck downplayed the gesture , saying tsarnaev was ' acting like an immature 19-year-old ' . defense attorney , judith clarke , had opened the trial with the blunt admission ' it was him , ' tsarnaev , who committed all the crimes he was charged with . but she closed the guilt phase by arguing that , when it came to planning the attack and building the bombs , ' tamerlan did that . ' defense attorneys timothy watkins , left , and david bruck arrive at federal court on monday during the penalty phase of the federal trial of dzhokhar tsarnaev , who was convicted of the boston marathon bombings that killed three and injured 260 people in april 2013 . in this courtroom sketch , bombing survivor marc fucarile , right , was depicted on the witness stand on friday during the penalty phase where he stared down tsarnaev . fucarile said he has had more than 60 surgeries , and it is still unclear whether his left leg can be saved . in a sharp contrast to the last phase of the trial , when the defense took just two days to call four witnesses , the court has scheduled about two weeks ' worth of testimony as tsarnaev 's lawyers make the case to spare his life . few details are known about who the defense lawyers will call to testify as all witness lists in this trial have been filed under seal . on thursday , local media reported that some members of tsarnaev 's family arrived in boston . it is not clear exactly which members of his family traveled to boston or if they will testify or simply observe the proceedings . another unanswered question is whether tsarnaev will speak in his own defense . he has been a quiet presence during the trial , offering no signs of emotion as the jury heard sometimes tearful testimony from survivors and viewed graphic , disturbing images of the bombs ' detonation and aftermath . eight-year-old martin richard , chinese exchange student lu lingzi , 23 , and restaurant manager krystle campbell , 29 , died in the bombing . the tsarnaev brothers shot dead massachusetts institute of technology police officer sean collier three days later .