a security guard who shot dead a masked gunman , only to find out seconds later the man was his friend , says he is still haunted by the attack which took place almost a year ago . in an interview with nine network 's a current affair , wayne heneker recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland . during the attempted armed robbery , mr heneker says he felt he had no other choice but to shoot the bandit . it was only after he fired the shots that he realised that the man he had just killed was an ex-colleague . scroll down for video . wayne heneker ( pictured ) recalled the day he was going about his usual drop off of funds at a local tavern in queensland during an interview with nine network 's a current affair . seconds after mr heneker shot his attacker , he discovered the gunman was former colleague shameem rahman ( pictured ) . mr heneker told a current affair of the moment he was ambushed by shameem rahman . ' it was like every other morning , i was always vigilant , i was always keeping an eye out , ' he said . he parked his vehicle and got out to deliver thousands of dollars to the highland park tavern , according to the courier mail . that 's when he noticed a man approaching him wearing a motorcycle helmet . ' straight away i thought this guy , his body language was very aggressive , ' mr heneker said . ' i 've seen him and said : `` get back , get back , stay back '' . ' however the man pulled out a pistol and pointed it straight at mr heneker , who was also armed at the time . ' take the money , they money is there , just take the money , ' mr heneker recalled telling the gunman . but instead , the thief decided to reach for mr heneker 's gun which is when a struggle ensued between the two men . the father-of-two appears to be distraught after shooting mr rahman three times . mr heneker speaks to police soon after the incident occurred last year . mr heneker said he made the decision to shoot at his attacker in a bid to save his own life . during the tackle , mr heneker says he was concussed but was able to pull off the gunman 's helmet . yet he was was still unable to see his attacker 's face . it was at that very moment the father-of-two made the decision to fire three shots at his attacker in a bid to save his own life . when the gunman rolled over and faced the security guard , mr heneker recognised him straight away . ' it was shock horror . there was absolutely not one moment from the beginning to the end that he identified himself , ' mr heneker said . mr rahman was a former workmate who worked alongside mr heneker as a security guard for border security . mr heneker told a current affair how he had worked with mr rahman for two years , who had also made the same cash drop off at the tavern during that time . he says he is still struggling to cope with the fact that he had killed one of his mates . ' it 's horrible enough to shoot someone you do n't know . but when you 've had a relationship with someone and you thought they were your friend , ' mr heneker said . ' it 's been very , very difficult . every day has been difficult . ' you realise that you 've taken someone 's life . a life that can not be replaced . ' it was later discovered that mr rahman 's gun was fake . police did not charge mr heneker over the incident , according to the herald sun .