the old adage that an elephant never forgets appears to be true , based on a touching video showing an asian elephant returning to her mother after years apart . after a 62-mile ( 100km ) trek through the thai jungle , me-bai , the small elephant can be seen nuzzling her mother , mae yui , while the pair joyfully flap their ears and caress each other with their trunks in the elephant nature park sanctuary , in the north of the country . me-bai was sold to provide rides for tourists in thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old , and did n't see her mother , who also worked in the trade , for three years . scroll down for video . it would appear to be true that an elephant never forgets , based on a touching video showing an asian elephant returning to her mother after years apart ( pictured ) . it is particularly sad because females tend to stick together in herds until they die , sharing incredibly strong bonds . they are very rarely separated before the calf is five years of age . the small elephant left the tourism trade ' because she [ me-bai ] was too young [ and ] began to lose weight and could not carry the tourists any longer , ' according to elephant news' youtube page . me-bai was recently rescued and brought to the sanctuary after a tiring 62 mile ( 100km ) trek in the hot sun that lasted four days . the small elephant was sold to provide rides for tourists in thailand when she was three-and-a-half years old , and did n't see her mother , who also worked in the trade , for three years . they are pictured here togeher . asian elephants remember old friends and have large social networks of friends , a 2011 study found . researchers claimed that just like humans , some elephants are social butterflies , while other prefer to stick to a close-knit group of friends . past studies suggested elephants usually live in small groups centred around females and their young while adult males live independently . however , the study found that though males do live apart , females and their young actually have the sort of complex network of friends , relatives and acquaintances normally seen in humans . study author dr shermin de silva from the university of pennsylvania said : ' elephants are able to track one another over large distances by calling to each other and using their sense of smell . ' so the ' herd ' of elephants one sees at any given time is often only a fragment of a much larger social group . ' our work shows that they are able recognise their friends and renew these bonds even after being apart for a long time . ' 'me-bai was nervous and wary of people when she first arrived at the sanctuary , but she quickly learned that her new caretakers had no intention of abusing her in any way , ' the sanctuary writes . she was initially wary of humans but quickly adjusted to her new surroundings , national geographic reported . workers learned that me-bai 's mother was working in the tourist industry nearby and its owners agreed to retire mae yui so she could join her young at the sanctuary . the emotional moment the pair were reunited was captured on camera . it shows the elephants caressing each other with their trunks and flapping their ears – seemingly in joy - after spending an uncertain half an hour together where the keepers thought they may be worried about being separated again . a previous study conducted at the park by mahidol university in thailand and emory university in the us , found that elephants comfort each other when they are stressed by chirping softly and stroking each other 's heads and genitals . these actions can be seen in the video . psychologist and elephant behaviour expert , preston foerder , of the university of tennessee , said the elephants are communicating with touch , as well as sound and sight , because their trunks are so sensitive . the duo can be seen walking and eating together happily , later in the video . after a 62-mile ( 100km ) trek through the thai jungle , me-bai , the small calf can be seen nuzzling her mother , mae yui , and joyfully flapping her ears in the elephant nature park sanctuary in the north of the country . however , animal behaviour expert frans de waal of emory university , said that it 's possible the elephants do n't remember each other , but are just a compatible pair . ' there is no doubt about elephant feelings and bonding , but we humans like to read the mother-child relation into this , ' he said . ' it is possible the two remember each other but the video itself does not necessarily prove this . ' whatever the case , the sanctuary says : ' now , mae yui 's owners and elephant nature park are working together to rehabilitate mae yui and me-bai so that they can return to the wild and live free . ' me-bai was recently rescued and brought to the sanctuary after an exhausting 62 mile ( 100km ) trek in the hot sun that lasted four days . here the pair walk towards each other at the sanctuary . workers learned that me-bai 's mother was working in the tourist industry nearby and its owners agreed to retire mae yui so she could join her young at the sanctuary .