nigel farage has revealed his preparation technique for tonight 's crunch election debate – no booze until 6pm . the ukip leader said he wanted to ' keep his mind as clear as possible ' before the two-hour live tv showdown . but he admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders . admitted that he would break his drink ban at 6pm before heading into the studio for the showdown against britain 's six other political party leaders . mr farage , speaking on fubarradio.com , said : ' i think that for a big event like this there is a risk people over-prepare . they are over-scripted . ' they have decided what their lines are before they go in front of the camera to answer the questions . ' he added : ' i just want to keep my mind as clear as i possibly can and not have a drink – until after 6 o'clock . ' a ukip aide had previously admitted mr farage would have a drink or two ahead of the debate . asked what preparations mr farage would be making today ahead of the debate , the spokesman said : ' he 'll have a couple of gin and tonics and on you go . ' mr farage has been made the bookies favourite to come out on top in tonight 's itv showdown . mr cameron insisted he was not nervous and was ' relishing ' the prospect of the two-hour debate in the itv studios at salford 's mediacityuk ( pictured ) . ed miliband arrives for a q & a session at bury town hall ahead of the televised leaders debate in manchester tonight . david cameron met pupils during his visit to king 's leadership academy in warrington while on the general election campaign trail . he has admitted feeling ' pretty good ' about his tv test , telling sky news : ' i hope the truth comes out on some issues . ' particularly , i shall be arguing and asking the prime minister and others , will they please admit that , as members of the eu , we can not have an immigration policy of any kind at all . ' mr cameron and mr farage will share the platform tonight with labour 's ed miliband and lib dem nick clegg , snp leader nicola sturgeon , the green party 's natalie bennett and plaid cymru 's leanne wood . green party leader natalie bennett meets supporters and media in piccadilly gardens as she arrives in manchester today . it is the only time mr cameron will go up against mr miliband , with one of them certain to be prime minister after may 7 . mr cameron had earlier joked that he would use jujitsu to ' put nigel farage on the floor ' – after asking schoolchildren about the best way to deal with the ukip leader . the pm later backtracked , insisting there will be ' no bodily contact ' during the debate . all of the party leaders have spent the day preparing for tonight 's debate , with mr cameron facing the prospect of having to defend the tory-led government from attack on several fronts . mr cameron visited king 's leadership academy in warrington , where he spoke to pupils about their favourite sports . chatting in a playground , the tory leader said : ' in this debate tonight , jujitsu , is that the right thing ? ' to laughter he added : ' shall i get nigel farage and put him on the floor , is that ok ? ' but later he played down the idea of physical violence , telling reporters : ' it was a joke . there 'll be no bodily contact tonight . ' mr cameron insisted he was not nervous and was ' relishing ' the prospect of the two-hour debate in the itv studios at salford 's mediacityuk . mr cameron told reporters : ' it is a chance to get across that we have a long-term economic plan that is working . ' mr clegg meanwhile has said he will go for a walk to ' clear my head ' before making his way to the tv studios , while mr miliband said the best preparation was ' getting out to meet people ' . addressing supporters in bury , mr miliband said the most important people on the night for him were not the other six leaders or moderator julie etchingham but ' the british public ' . plaid cymru leader leanne wood arrives at the itv studios at mediacityuk in salford quays today . lots have been drawn to agree where each of the leaders will stand and when they get to speak . the agreed line up behind the podiums will be , from left to right : natalie bennett ( green ) , nick clegg ( lib dem ) , nigel farage ( ukip ) , ed miliband ( labour ) , leanne wood ( plaid cymru ) , nicola sturgeon ( snp ) and david cameron ( conservative ) . names drawn out of a hat also helped to decide who will get to speak first , with ms bennett opening proceedings and mr cameron having the final word by giving the last closing remarks . the two-hour live debate will be be screened from 8pm to 10pm . each leader will give an opening statement to a studio audience of around 200 people . they will then be allowed to deliver an uninterrupted one-minute answer to each question , before 18 minutes of debate on each question . there will be just four ' substantial election questions ' covered during the night . each leader will then give a closing statement to the cameras , before the programme ends at 10pm .