a 47 stone ( 660lb ) woman who was so immobile she needed her husband 's help to go to the toilet has revealed how he prevented her from losing weight . despite being morbidly obese , bettie jo , from houston , texas , lived off a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce , and was unable to care for herself , meaning josh had to do everything for her . but josh has admitted he did n't support the 24-year-old with her bid to lose weight because he feared if she became slimmer , she would n't need him anymore , in my 600lb life , which airs tonight on tlc . scroll down for video . at 47 stone ( 660lb ) bettie jo was housebound and unable to tend to her own needs . bettie jo now weighs 35st 8lbs ( 500lbs ) . shedding 11st means she is now mobile and can stand up on her own . bettie jo , who now weighs 35st 8lbs ( 500lbs ) thanks to surgery , reveals on the show that josh had become her ' caretaker ' - helping her go to the toilet and into the shower , and putting powder between her rolls of flesh afterwards to stop her skin from chafing . she said that the pair 's relationship had become ' slim to none ' . she added : ' being that size was miserable . i was always in pain . my weight was killing me . i could n't do anything on my own . ' my husband josh had to help me take a shower and wipe my butt . it was humiliating . he had to be the caretaker . ' my marriage with josh was really difficult too because my weight prevented me having a real marriage . josh had to be my caretaker . ' ' our intimacy was slim to none . we’d been together for so long sometimes i thought , `` am i with you because i love you or because you 're the one person who looks after me . '' ' ' i hated myself . i hated my life . i was so tired of being that way . ' before her surgery bettie jo was reliant on husband josh to tend her every need . josh was in charge of the shopping and meals and kept bettie jo fed with unhealthy foods . but despite the deadly weight , bettie jo was living on a diet of fried chicken and barbecue sauce . ' i knew my body was getting to its limits . when i was five i started to become a chunky kid but i just got on with it , ' she said . ' but when i was 13 my life totally changed . i was sexually assaulted . ' i 'd always been happy go lucky but after that i didn’t like myself . i was angry and depressed and started eating more . ' i thought that if i was bigger i could protect myself . i met josh right after i turned 17 . i was 400lbs by then and could hardly walk . ' i hated myself , i hated everything so i tried to kill myself and then i got put into hospital . ' although bettie jo lived through her suicide attempt , seven years later at the age of 24 , she felt life was slipping through her fingers . ' i was hardly existing . i never went out . going out is not so easy when you 're over 600lbs . bettie jo and josh shopping after her weight loss : she now buys lots of protein and checks labels for calories . ' i wanted to have some freedom again and i knew my weight was keeping me from that . ' i hated going out in public all the time because i could n't stand peoples reactions . i felt judged , that people were saying : “ look at that fat girl” . ' ' but i knew it was something i 'd done to myself through what i ate . i was raised with country home cooking and i loved fried , mash potatoes , crisps i just love food . ' but husband josh now admits he did not help bettie jo 's weight loss . ' i thought if she lost weight she would n't need me anymore.i did n't want her dropping weight and leaving me . ' but bettie jo was determined to make a change . ' i didn’t want to waste my life just sitting in a chair . i wanted to have a career , have a baby . i wanted to grow old . ' i knew if i didn’t change i was going to die . when pain has destroyed your life it can take something just as painful to restore it . ' desperate for a solution , bettie jo and josh went to a houston bariatric surgeon . ‘ every other surgeon had turned me away so i did n't want to get my hopes up . ' at 5ft 2in bettie jo 's ideal weight is 8st 8lbs ( 120lbs ) but her doctor predicted that at almost 47 stone ( 660lb ) she was unlikely to get to 30 . he set bettie jo the task of losing two stone ( 28lbs ) to demonstrate she was capable of losing weight before he could agree to surgery . he also raised concerns about josh 's role as the feeder in their relationship , which he said would have to change . bettie jo used to love pizza and anything containing potato - chips , crisps and mashed potato . ' i needed josh to help me , says bettie jo . ' i knew if we didn’t do it as a team i’m would n't make it . i didn’t want to die young . ' bettie jo and josh moved to houston to be closer to the doctor and set about a weight-loss mission . ' i had to break a lot of old habits , ' she said . ' i ate smaller potions – a lot smaller than before . they did n't fill me up but i hoped once i had surgery i would n't have the hunger pains . ' josh was a big help – he was careful about the food he bought . ' i also tried to exercise . the first time i managed to ab crunches i was pretty excited , ' she says , even though she still had to them from a sitting position on the couch . but as bettie jo gained independence , josh grappled with the change and worried he was becoming dispensable . ' he wanted to be needed - that was his primary concern , ' she said . it took several months for bettie jo to drop the weight and be scheduled for surgery . ‘ i could n't believe someone was finally helping me and that i was going to get the surgery . i can’t wait to get my life back , ' she said . ' the operation went well but my first night after surgery but josh wasn’t there when i woke up . it made me a little scared because i needed him more than ever . i knew if i didn’t have his support . i would n't be able to do this . ' the first month went but it was n't as easy as i 'd hoped . josh was preparing my meals and did n't necessarily want to follow the doctor 's instructions . five month after the surgery bettie jo had trouble breathing and was rushed to hospital . ' i felt like i was having a heartache . i kept blacking out . i 'd never felt like that before , ’ she said . the doctor found she had not lost any weight since the surgery and warned her over-eating was affecting her lung function to the point that she was not too far from dying . but it was the wake up call bettie jo and josh needed . the doctor insisted they see a therapist to get the diet on track . josh admits : ‘ i used to take care of her but when she started being able to move around herself after the surgery that really scared me because . i don’t want her to leave me . she’s the only woman i 've ever loved . in the supermarket with having shed teh wight , bettie jo looks for the ' light ' options . it forced bettie jo to confront relationship issue too : ‘ i hadn’t been touched . we didn’t have intimate time . it was partly josh 's fault and partly because i did n't want it . ' but therapy helped us discover that we still care so much about each other . this whole process has told us that . ' now ten months after the surgery bettie jo weighs 35st 8lbs ( 500lbs ) , and is proud of the progress she 's made . ‘ one thing i wanted to do is help other people but when you’re 47 stone ( 660lb ) you need everyone to help you . so now i 'm volunteering to put food bag together for needy children . ' to be able to help others make me feel more of a person . i’m also working on my relationship with josh . ' josh and i had never been on a date . i 've always been so big i could never really go out . ' and so thankfully this process has show me just how much i love him - and how mush he loves me . ‘ our grocer shopping changed lots too . we look at labels and look at what i can and ca n't eat . i 'm getting things with a lot more protein . ‘ i feel like a different person . ‘ i have a long way to go but i now know i can do it because i have josh . and i have hope for the first time in along while . ' my 600lb life , airs tonight on tlc .