a housekeeper who stole antiques and art treasures worth £500,000 – including a work by picasso – from a wealthy countess was yesterday warned she was facing a lengthy jail term . kim roberts admitted to stealing the precious paintings , vases and silverware from dowager countess bathurst’s cirencester mansion and her london home . the 58-year-old worked for the countess , 87 , and helped herself to the riches , which included a sketch by picasso and pewter plates , gloucester crown court heard . roberts’ haul was said to be worth a total of £500,000 at an earlier hearing . kim roberts ( left ) admitted stealing antiques and paintings from her employer , the countess of bathurst ( right ) . the bathurst family home , cirencester park , houses artistic treasures stretching back more than three centuries to the first earl bathurst , who was a patron of art and literature and a friend of authors including jonathan swift and alexander pope . among the estate’s collection are portraits by thomas gainsborough , george romney , peter lely , and joshua reynolds . the 3,000 acre grounds are also home to cirencester park polo club . prince charles has regularly played there over the years and his sons william and harry have followed in his footsteps . roberts , of colyton , devon , yesterday admitted three charges she had previously denied – including burgling the countess’s kensington home in lennox gardens , where the average asking price is more than £4million . roberts was working at cirencester park , the aristocratic country pile of the bathursts , in the cotswolds . roberts admitted stealing antique vases between may and august in 2013 and stealing a 4x4 volvo xc90 – worth at least £45,000 – from her previous employer interior designer emily olympitis in october 2012 . she also admitted fraud after dishonestly telling a domestic household staff recruitment agency that she was born in 1958 . at a hearing last year , roberts admitted stealing art and antiques belonging to the countess between april and may 2013 . but she had claimed she was guilty only because the property was put in her car by mistake . yesterday her barrister simon burns said she had now abandoned that claim and fully accepted her responsibility . roberts was told to prepare for a stretch in prison after she admitted stealing antiques and paintings from the countess of bathurst . her victim – gloria , the dowager countess of bathurst – is the widow of the eighth earl bathurst , henry , who died in 2011 aged 84 . their son allen , formerly lord apsley , is now the 9th earl and lives in the cirencester park mansion house with his wife sara . the bathursts are one of england’s oldest families , originating from sussex where they owned bathurst castle until they were dispossessed of their lands by edward iv in 1463 , after siding with the lancastrians in the war of the roses . roberts did deny three charges yesterday , including stealing antique silver hairbrushes from lady juliet worsley , and another theft of items including a television and a dvd player . she also denied possession of stolen property including a mont blanc pen , items of clothing and several accessories . the crown prosecution service has until today to accept her pleas and allow the charges she denies to rest . roberts’ lawyer told the court he had spoken to the prosecution and believed her guilty pleas would be accepted and that the other charges would not be proceeded with . judge jamie tabor qc gave the prosecution 24 hours to dispute this and released roberts on bail until may 7 so a pre-sentence report can be prepared by the probation service . and he told roberts to expect a prison sentence , saying : ‘ i don’t want you to be under any illusions about the sentence you will receive . you should make arrangements prior to that date on the basis that you are going to be away for some time . ’   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .