liverpool must stick with manager brendan rodgers as he is the right man to take the club forward , believes former reds ' striker stan collymore . rodgers has come under-fire following a disappointing third season with the anfield outfit - which has led to some unhappy fans calling for his dismissal . not since the 1950 has a previous liverpool manager gone three campaigns without a trophy , but that is the unwanted fate that will meet the 42-year-old at the end of this term . liverpool must keep faith with under-fire manager brendan rodgers , believes ex-kop striker stan collymore . the reds ' fa cup semi-final exit against aston villa on sunday followed defeat at the same stage of the capital one cup by chelsea . a season of false hope was compounded further as the club failed to progress past the champions league group stages and were then dumped out of the europa league on penalties . to make for a gloomier outlook , the merseysiders ' hopes of a top four spot seem remote - as they trail fourth-placed manchester city by seven points with six games remaining . liverpool 's fortunes are in stark contrast to last season when they came agonisingly close to being crowned champions of england for the first time since 1990 . and speaking on talksport , collymore is adamant that rodgers is still the correct figure to make the reds a force to be reckoned with once more . ' i believe liverpool should have patience with brendan rodgers , ' the kick off host said . rodgers ( right ) saw his team dumped out of the fa cup semi-finals by aston villa at wembley on sunday . ' the reasons are quite simple : he is a very good coach , he has a proven track record - going back to chelsea under jose mourinho - of promoting youth , developing youth and giving them an opportunity . ' what he did n't have , having been at two smaller clubs in swansea city and reading , is a track record of spending big money , which he needs to do to take liverpool onto the next level . ' but , he took liverpool to two semi-finals this season and they were within a whisker of winning the premier league title for the first time ever last season . ' so , for me , brendan rodgers is the right man . ' fabian delph ( centre ) scored the matchwinning goal as villa condemned liverpool to a 2-1 defeat on sunday .