after four years orbiting the closest planet to our sun , the messenger spacecraft will this week make a death-dive into mercury . but the probe has n't finished its mission yet , with new , detailed views emerging of the planet as messenger spirals closer to its surface . now nasa has released an image taken by the probe 's visual and infrared spectrometer ( virs ) revealing distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters . nasa has released an image taken by the probe 's visual and infrared spectrometer ( virs ) to reveal distinct features such as volcanic vents and fresh craters . to highlight the geological features , the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the mercury dual imaging system ( mdis ) . to highlight the geological features , the images have been overlain on a black and white mosaic from the mercury dual imaging system ( mdis ) . this is an instrument with wide- and narrow-angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on mercury’s surface . the spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet 's surface at 2.4 miles per second ( 3.9km/s ) . the event will take place on thursday 30 april at 3:30pm eastern time ( 7.30pm gmt ) . however , when it does , messenger will be behind mercury , and hidden from earth . ' the last couple of hours will probably be pretty quiet , ' mercury mission head sean solomon told nature . ' there will be a final orbit when the spacecraft passes behind the planet and we wo n't hear from it again . ' i have worked on the mission for 19 years . it 's like losing a member of the family . even pre-knowledge does n't prepare you completely for the loss . ' the mercury dual imaging system ( mdis ) is an instrument with wide- and narrow-angle cameras that has been mapping the rugged landforms on mercury’s surface . it was used to helped create these images of mercury . the spacecraft is expected to smash into the planet 's surface on thursday 30 april after a four-year mission . among the features messenger has revealed to scientists in the past month are patterns of distinctive hollows - each around a couple of hundred metres wide - in the bottom of a huge impact basin . it has also sent back detailed images of huge 1.2 mile ( 2km ) high cliffs that cut across a crater named duccio on the surface . another image shows a 621 miles ( 1,000km ) long cliff that rises 1.8 miles ( 3km ) above the surface , called enterprise rupes . researchers have uncovered the mystery of mercury 's ' stealth ' colour scheme . the say a steady dusting of carbon from passing comets has slowly painted mercury black over billions of years . it solves the mystery of mercury 's unusual colouring - which has baffled scientists . on average , mercury is much darker than its closest airless neighbour , our moon . airless bodies are known to be darkened by micrometeorite impacts and bombardment of solar wind , processes that create a thin coating of dark iron nanoparticles on the surface . but spectral data from mercury suggests its surface contains very little nanophase iron , certainly not enough to account for its dim appearance . as comets approach mercury 's neighborhood near the sun , they often start to break apart . cometary dust is composed of as much as 25 percent carbon by weight , so mercury would be exposed to a steady bombardment of carbon from these crumbling comets . scientists have calculated that after billions of years of bombardment , mercury 's surface should be anywhere from three to six percent carbon . data sent back by mercury suggests these cliffs , or lobate scarps as they are called , have formed as mercury has cooled and contracted over time , creating dramatic tectonic faults on the surface . another image shows a meteorite crater that has almost completely filled with lava on mercury 's northern volcanic plains , leaving just the hint of a rim behind . it also shows how the contracting surface of the planet has also created strange formations where ridges and cliffs have hit other lava filled craters . among the images sent back by messenger as its mission draws to an end is this picture of 1.2 mile-high ( 2km ) cliffs cutting through the carnegie crater . they are thought to have formed as mercury cooled . distinctive hollows on the floor of the zeami impact basin on mercury can be seen in this messenger image . andy calloway , messenger mission operatoins manager at johns hopkins applied physics laboratory , said : ' the messenger spacecraft operates in one of the most challenging and demanding space environments in our solar system . ' we have met that challenge directly through innovation and hard work , as exemplified by the stunning discoveries and data return achievements . ' our only regret is that we have insufficient propellant to operate another 10 years , but we look forward to the incredible science returns planned for the final eight months of the mission . ' launched in august 2004 , messenger has traveled more than 4.9 billion miles ( 7.9 billion kilometers ) during its mission to mercury . its journey included 15 trips around the sun before it entered orbit around mercury in 2011 - the first spacecraft to ever do so . during its mission is has acquired more than 250,000 images and collected more than 10 terabytes of data with its suite of seven instruments . it has helped reveal volcanic vents that measure up to 15 miles ( 24km ) across that were once sources for the large volumes of lava that have covered the surface and carved out valleys . it has also revealed mercury 's complex internal structure and that the planet has an unusually large core that is still partially liquid . on 6 april engineers used the last of the messenger spacecraft 's hydrazine fuel to try to push it into a higher orbit . however , the tanks ran dry before they could raise it to more than 11 miles ( 18km ) above the surface . this image shows some of the mysterious irregularly shaped hollows on mercury 's surface in greater detail . the above artist 's impression shows messenger as it orbits above the surface of mercury . it is due to impact on the surface at the end of april as the planet 's gravity slowly pulls it down out of its current orbit . messenger has also revealed the temperature of mercury 's surface . this image of the planet 's north pole shows the extreme heat it is subjected to with red indicating temperatures greater than 126°c and blue -220°c .