eager customers have waited up to 10 hours overnight to get their hands on prizes including 21inch tvs at the opening of a new aldi store . the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the door when the store in avlaston , derbyshire , was officially opened at 8am this morning . more than 200 people were found queueing outside the store looking to get their hands on the deals when the ribbon was cut . more than 200 people were found queuing outside the new aldi store when it officially opened its doors at 8am this morning . to mark opening day , the company gave away golden tickets to the first 100 people through the doors . ivy and brian bacon came all the way from basford in nottingham and queued from 10pm last night to get their hands on a 21.5inch television . ivy bacon , 20 , was delighted to win the top prize . she said : ' it 's brilliant , absolutely . it does n't feel real , we never win anything . ' former derby county player craig ramage , who commentates on his former team 's games for bbc radio derby , cut the ribbon at the event . he said : ' i think it 's perfect . it is easy access and i ca n't believe how many people turned up this morning . ' built on an area of overgrown land next to a petrol station , the store will create 29 jobs – 12 full-time and 17 part-time – and will have a car park . permission for the store was granted by derby city council in july . aldi 's arrival comes after tesco pulled the plug on plans to build a large store nearby earlier this year . the company has also made a £250 donation to the council to support its ongoing activities for the community and has donated a range of children 's treats and baby products to alvaston children 's centre . some of the company 's ' specialbuys ' will be available at the new store for bargain-hunters to get their hands on . it is one of 60 aldi stores opening across the uk this year . former derby county player craig ramage , now a bbc radio commentator , cut the ribbon of the new aldi store .