a man has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired police officer . anthony corrales of new jersey claims he was driving with his wife and daughter , 10 , last june near resorts world casino in the queens section of new york city when a car cut in front of him after refusing to let him change lanes . he then claims that when he got out of the car to get the car 's license plate number , he was mowed down by the car , and driven for several blocks at breakneck speed by the driver - a retired police officer with the new york police department named robert muller . anthony corrales has filed a suit claiming he was almost killed by a retired nypd officer who was then let off the hook by fellow cops . the incident occured last june outside the resorts world casino ( above ) . ' we almost crashed into him and the car behind me almost crashed into me , ' corrales told the new york daily news of the initial incident . corrales then said he got out of his car at a red light to take the license plate number , while muller disputes this and claims the man followed him into the casino parking light . that is when things intensified between the two . ' he turned the wheels and i heard wheels screeching , ' corrales said . ' he hit me with the car and took off with me on the car and he was going fast . ' corrlaes claims he held on the windshield wipers to make sure he did not fall off the car , and a few blocks later muller stooped and he was able to get off . he said of the incident ; ' seriously , the dude wanted to kill me . the look on his face was pure hate . there was an older woman and a kid in the car and i could hear them screaming at him to stop . ' when he returned to his car however , police arrived on the scene and arrested corrales for menacing behavior , harassment and cracking muller 's windshield . muller meanwhile was let off the hook , claiming it was corrales who jumped on the hood of his car after telling him ; ' get out of the car tough guy . ' video footage from the casino does show corrales being driven on the hood of the car , but what happened prior to that is unclear . ' instead of deterring mr. muller from future dangerous acts of road rage , the police ensured that he can continue to use his car as a weapon with impunity , ' said corrales’ lawyer leo glickman . 'they’re all pals and friends , ' said corrales of muller and the police . muller has yet to comment .