newcastle united have upset supporters after dumping pictures of sir bobby robson’s title-chasing team in a skip outside st james’ park . framed squad photographs of sir bobby alongside the likes of alan shearer , gary speed , nobby solano and shay given have been found discarded alongside grass cuttings , cardboard boxes and bin bags . the pictures were removed from corporate boxes inside the stadium and have been replaced by more recent images . framed photographs of sir bobby robson 's title-chasing side were found thrown in a skip outside the stadium . the skip was situated outside st james ' park where fans were able to spot the disgraceful move by the club . steve wraith , of nufc fans united , told the chronicle : ‘ they could have auctioned them for charity , but just to put these things in the bin is awful . now fans are talking about going and helping themselves . ‘ they are pictures of club legends . i don’t think the club want people to be reminded of a time when they were doing well because they are doing so badly at the moment . ’ robson’s team finished fourth in 2002 and qualified for the champions league , where they memorably made it to the second group phase after a last-gasp victory in feyenoord . alan shearer , gary speed and nolberto solano are some of the legends who are included in the photos . sir bobby , who passed away in 2009 , is still fondly remembered and has a statue outside of the stadium . in 2003 they topped the table for a period before finishing third , a return which has not been bettered in the years since . meanwhile , a spokesperson for the club said the images were ‘ old and not being used anymore’ . but the ‘ashleyout.com’ group , who are behind sunday’s planned boycott of newcastle’s home match with spurs , tweeted : ‘ our proud history in the skip outside sjp along with ambition and hope’ . newcastle fan david crosier tweeted : ' as a metaphor for the club this could not be more apt . classless . there is nothing left to support at nufc under this regime ' . former club captain shearer ( left ) flourished under sir bobby and was instrumental in qualifying for europe . gary speed ( right ) , who died in 2011 , was another player who loved playing for his former manager . nolberto solano ( right ) was a key figure in newcastle 's title challenge and is also seen as a club legend . newcastle , who lost to liverpool on monday , have never been the same since sir bobby left the club . john carver worked under robson during his time in charge and should no doubt be upset by this move .