a group of daring drift trike riders have captured some amaznig footage as they zipped down the world’s steepest residential road on tricycles . harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy – known collectively as slide christchurch – videoed themselves descending new zealand 's dunedin’s baldwin street on three-wheeled vehicles known as ' slide trikes ' . the short clip opens with a warning message , before the riders take their position at the top of the hill , famed for its 35 per cent gradient . harley jolly , tyson barr and nic roy videoed themselves descending dunedin’s baldwin street on their trikes . after a quick thumbs up , the three men begin their descent – the video is captured on a helmet camera . drifting from left to right , the lead rider records his journey to the bottom , before the camera angle switches to that of a spectator , who picks up all three men . moving back to the point of view footage of the lead rider , the camera picks up the exhilarating speed in which the group descend . point of view footage captures the lead rider reaching extreme speeds while descending the hill . the camera angle switches to that of a spectator and picks up all three men making a rapid descent . nearing the bottom , the three men hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom . the sleeves , seen wrapped around their tyres , are what allow the group to control their slide while drifting . writing on facebook , jolly stated that he estimates the group managed to get over the 100km ( 60mph ) mark . baldwin street is 350 metres long and is officially recognised by the guinness book of records as the world 's steepest with a 35 % gradient . the group hurtle towards parked cars but manage to drift around them safely before coming to a stop at the bottom . but noted that this was down to looks from spectators and the feeling while riding as there was no speedometer to measure it accurately . baldwin street is located in the residential suburb of north east valley , northeast of dunedin 's city centre . the street is 350 metres ( 1,150 ft ) long and is officially recognised by the guinness book of records as the world 's steepest with a 35 per cent gradient . jolly stated that judging by the faces of onlookers the group managed to hit speeds of over 60mph . the sleeves wrapped around the tyres are what allow the group to control their slide while drifting .