a bitter war of words has erupted between a young woman and a butcher in sydney 's eastern suburbs over exactly what happened when belinda bartholomew , the girlfriend of roosters star aidan guerra , tried to buy a chicken to cook up for a game of thrones-inspired feast . according to ms bartholomew , she was called names and told to go to ' an aussie butcher ' when she tried to change her chicken selection . however the butcher who was working at the shop on monday has hit back saying ms bartholomew is ' lying ' and trying to ruin the business . scroll down for video . belinda bartholomew claims she was racially abused at a bondi butcher on monday night when she was buying a chicken for her and her roosters star boyfriend aidan guerra to have for dinner . the war of words started , ms bartholomew claims , when the man working at sam the butcher in bondi called her a 'f***ing c*** ' when she asked for a different chicken to the one he had picked up . there were apparently more problems when she went to use her card to pay for the choice bird . ' his eftpos machine was n't connecting so it was taking a while to process , and i felt really uncomfortable as he was clearly agitated , huffing and throwing things around , ' she said . ms bartholomew claims the man working at sam the butcher in bondi swore at her and told her to leave , but the man working at the time said his customer was the one being rude . the chicken ( pictured in front of aidan guerra ) was cooked by ms bartholomew as part of a game of thrones-inspired feast . ' another woman entered the shop at this point and she ordered sausages and paid in cash , and when she asked for a receipt he clearly ignored her on purpose so she actually lent over the counter and printed her own . ' however , the butcher vehemently denies he called ms bartholomew names and said she was the one being rude on a day when he had been having issues with his eftpos machine . ' she 's just a troublemaker , ' the butcher told daily mail australia . ' i was very slow and she started having a go at me . ' ms bartholomew ( pictured with mr guerra ) said the butcher told her to ' go to a f***ing aussie butcher ' . but the man working vehemently denied any claims he swore at or abused the young woman ( pictured ) . he told daily mail australia that he 's trying to fit into australian life but sometimes finds it hard to cope with attitudes in bondi . ms bartholomew claims the butcher then asked her ' why do n't you just go to a f***ing aussie butcher ' . ' she said i 'm half italian do n't speak to me like that , ' the butcher said . ' i said if you 're going to be rude to me just take the chicken and go . ' ' it 's a free country there 's about eight butcher shops in bondi , ' he added . ms bartholomew ( left ) and the butcher both said she did n't end up paying for the chicken she and mr guerra ( right ) later ate . ms bartholomew said she had decided to leave the shop without making a purchase but the butcher then thrust the chicken at her . ' i said not to worry about it and proceeded to leave while my purchase was still pending so he swiped the 1.5kg chicken at me and told me to `` take it and f*** off '' , ' she claims . ' i think i was just the victim of racial abuse , ' the young bondi woman wrote in a heated facebook post shortly afterwards . however the butcher said he simply wanted her out of the shop and did not swear at or abuse her at any stage . ' she did n't even end up paying for the chicken , she got a free chicken , ' he said . ms bartholomew told daily mail australia ' i have never been to this particular butcher before . ' ' i 'm going to assume it was n't me who he was really angry at , however i just happened to be in there at the time . '