the ex-king of spain , juan carlos , was leading a double life and having an affair with a german aristocrat for the last ten years of his reign , according to a new book that claims they were ' a couple , pure and simple ' . the bombshell allegation is that juan carlos was romancing corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein and was so smitten with her that he even contemplated divorcing his wife , sofia , according to final de partida – or end game – by ana romero , which sold out within 24 hours . romero , a former royal correspondent for the el mundo daily , said at the book 's launch in madrid : ' what do you see ( in the book ) ? well , the double life which juan carlos led during a long time , a double life which obviously has not gone well . ' scroll down for video . the former king juan carlos greets corinna sayn-wittgenstein in at an awards ceremony in barcelona in may 2006 : a new book claims that they have been lovers for a decade . glamorous : the aristocrat is 27 years younger than the former spanish king . their affair is said to have ended in 2014 . the author 's claims are based on 100 interviews with anonymous sources . she said that the affair ended in 2014 when juan carlos abdicated in favour of his son , felipe . he married former queen sofia in 1962 and became king in 1975 . romero added : ' [ final de partida ] is a chronicle of the end of an era , when spaniards turned their backs on juan carlos . the first print run of 25,000 copies nearly sold out on wednesday less than 24 hours since the book hit stores and its publishers have already ordered a second print run . the 77-year-old former king 's friendship with sayn-wittgenstein , 50 , who is divorced from the german prince whose name she bears , emerged in 2012 when juan carlos was flown home from botswana on a private jet after suffering an injury while on an expensive elephant-hunting holiday . juan carlos , pictured here with queen sofia in may 2014 , was said to be so smitten with sayn-wittgenstein that he considered a divorce . the german woman , who is 27 years younger than juan carlos , was among those accompanying the monarch on the trip , which sparked outrage at a time when spain was grappling with record unemployment and risked needing an international bailout . juan carlos , who won respect for his role in guiding spain 's transition to democracy after the death of longtime dictator general francisco franco in 1975 , made an unprecedented apology for his behaviour but his popularity took a serious hit . romero said the uproar over the hunting trip , combined with a string of health problems and a corruption scandal implicating his youngest daughter cristina , created the ' perfect storm ' which pushed juan carlos to abdicate . sayn-wittgenstein was born a danish national in 1964 in frankfurt , germany to parents finn bönning larsen and ingrid sauer . she has been married twice , in 1989 to english businessman philip adkins , with whom he had a daughter , and in 2000 to prince casimir zu sayn-wittgenstein-sayn , having ended her first marriage in 1995 . she had a son with the prince in 2000 , but they divorced in 2005 , though she carried on using her married name . currently residing in monaco , sayn-wittgenstein was asked by the prince of the microstate to help bring in business . she used to be the director of apollonia associates , a company that connects ' people , platforms and organisations to create sustainable value ' . final de partida , by ana romero ( right ) , sold out within 24 hours of being published . 