iran 's revolutionary guards ' harassed ' a us-flagged commercial ship just days before it seized a vessel carrying cargo and 34 sailors , it has emerged . the two incidents have raised concerns about the security of shipping lanes in the strategic strait of hormuz , pentagon spokesman colonel steven warren said . news of the first incident was revealed by the pentagon after iranian guards seized mv maersk tigris this week , by firing warning shots across the vessel 's bows . ranian patrol vessels fired warning shots across the bridge of the marshall islands-flagged cargo vessel the maersk tigris tuesday morning and seized it for trespassing just days after it had ' harassed ' another ship . in the april 24 incident , four iranian patrol boats with the country 's elite revolutionary guards ' harassed a us-flagged merchant ship called the maersk kensington ' as it moved along an established shipping route , said mr warren . the iranian vessels ' followed her for approximately 15 to 20 minutes in actions the ship master of the kensington interpreted as aggressive , ' he said . the american military was not involved in the incident and the kensington 's captain later filed a report with the us navy describing the event . just four days later , iranian boats forced a marshall islands-flagged ship , the maersk tigris , to iran 's larak island after firing warning shots across the bows and boarding the vessel . iran has said it seized control of the container ship due to a commercial dispute with denmark 's giant maersk group , which chartered the vessel to ferry cargo in the region . when it was intercepted , the tigris was traveling on an international shipping route within iran 's territorial waters . ' it 's difficult to know exactly why the iranians are behaving this way , ' warren said . ' we call on them to respect all of the internationally established rules of freedom of navigation , the law of the sea to which they are a signatory and other established protocols , ' he said . the 52,600-ton container ship was built in 2014 and is managed by singapore-based rickmers ship management . iranian sources have seized the cargo ship and claim they had a legal order following a dispute . in a statement , the iranian port and maritime organisation said the maersk tigris was intercepted ' upon a legal order ' and transferred to shahid bahonar port in southern iran . officials claimed the order was issued following a ' long running commercial dispute ' with maersk . the ruling was ' based on a lawsuit by a private company called pars talayieh oil product company ( golden pars oil products ) against maersk ship company , ' it said . they said the ship can only be released following a judicial ruling . iran 's foreign minister mohammad javad zarif , speaking at new york university , said a lawsuit was filed against the ship 's owners between 15 and 16 years ago over an undelivered cargo . ' it has gone through court proceedings in tehran based on what i hear from the lawyer . the final decision by the court is that the ship 's owners are supposed to pay damages , ' he said . saudi-owned al arabiya television station reported earlier the vessel was us-flagged , but it has since emerged that the cargo ship is registered in the pacific island nation and had no americans aboard . the semi-official iranian news agency fars also reported that iran took control of the mv maersk tigris for ' trespassing ' on its territorial waters . warren said the cargo ship 's master had initially refused an iranian order to move further into iranian waters , but after the warning shots were fired the cargo ship complied . the vessel was then boarded by iranians , but no one has been injured and no americans are involved . detained : a map of the vessel 's route shows that it abruptly changed course in the strait of hormuz this morning and was heading to the iranian port on bandfar abbas . warren said the cargo ship issued a distress call and us naval forces central command , based in the area , sent a us destroyer , the uss farragut , and a p-3 surveillance aircraft to the area of the incident to monitor the situation . ' what they are doing is keeping an eye on things . they are in close enough proximity to the maersk tigris that they will be able to respond if a response is required , ' he added . as the us government had defense and other ties with the marshall islands , us officials were ' in discussion with the marshall islands on the way ahead , ' he said . ' the republic of marshall islands has requested assistance for the release of the maersk ship , and again , we 're in communication with them about how best to expect that outcome , ' state department spokeswoman marie harf said . but us officials said privately that no military action was imminent . according to the ship-tracking site marinetraffic.com , the 52,600-ton cargo vessel , which was built last year , departed from ambarli , turkey april 8 en route to jebel ali in the united arab emirates . peacekeeper : a us destroyer , the uss farragut ( pictured ) , and an aircraft to the area of the incident to monitor the situation . a map of the vessel 's route shows that it abruptly changed course in the strait of hormuz this morning and was heading to the iranian port of bandar abbas . new of the seizure and action against another vessel comes amid heightened tensions in the gulf , fuelled by the yemen conflict and high-stakes diplomacy between washington and tehran over iran 's nuclear program . in october 2012 , maersk announced a halt to its activities in iran after western oil and financial sanctions were slapped on the country over its controversial nuclear program . the ship was operated by rickmers ship management , with head offices in singapore and hamburg , and was carrying cargo for maersk line , the group 's shipping unit which had chartered the vessel . a spokesman for the danish group said the maersk tigris does not belong to the company and it does not employ the crew . the shipping group a.p . moeller-maersk also said wednesday that the crew was safe but it remained tight-lipped about any commercial dispute . 