a georgia police chief who said he accidentally shot his ex-wife while they slept was indicted on wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge , a prosecutor said . peachtree city police chief william mccollom called 911 early new year 's day to report inadvertently shooting his ex-wife , margaret , as they slept in their suburban atlanta home . the shooting left margaret mccollom paralyzed below the waist . mccollom resigned from the chief 's job in march . peachtree city chief of police william mccollom , pictured left , dialed 911 to report accidentally shooting his wife margaret , right , as she slept in their suburban atlanta home early new year 's day . griffin judicial circuit district attorney scott ballard said investigators found no evidence mccollom intended to harm margaret mccollom . however , ballard said he concluded the shooting could have been prevented . the prosecutor said mccollom told investigators he drank alcohol and took medication to help him sleep . ballard said the investigation showed that mccollom , a former firearms instructor , woke during the night when he heard barking dogs , prompting him to grab his service handgun from a dresser and search the house . he returned to bed with the gun and told investigators he woke next to the sound of a gunshot , ballard said . the chief said he suspected he might have been trying in his sleep to move the gun to a nightstand . ' the gun was in the bed , i went to move it , and i put it to a side and it went off , ' mccollom told a 911 dispatcher , according to a recording of the call . mccollom worked in policing for nearly 30 years in wyoming , florida and georgia . he resigned from the police chief position in georgia in march . investigators found no evidence that mccollom was trying to hurt margaret . he was indicted on wednesday on a misdemeanor reckless-conduct charge . margaret mccollom told police at the hospital that she was asleep when the shooting happened but believed it was an accident , according to state investigators . the couple divorced in 1999 but later reunited . ' when i look at the facts , it appears to me that this is reckless conduct , ' ballard said . if convicted , mccollom could face a year in jail . mccollom 's defense attorney , thomas cook jr. , did not respond to a message seeking comment . mccollom worked in policing for nearly 30 years in wyoming , florida and georgia . personnel records showed no evidence of criminality , serious misconduct or recklessness in his past . the new year 's day shooting happened after mccollom had woken up to a noise and walked around with his gun before bringing it back to bed with him .