organic milk could contain a third less iodine than normal milk , scientists claim - but the organic milk industry has issued a swift rebuttal ( file picture ) . pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their child’s health at risk , scientists claim . they say it contains a third less iodine than normal milk – which could affect infant brain growth and intelligence later in life . uht longlife milk was also found to have similarly low levels of the mineral , academics from reading university found . because milk is the main source of iodine in the british diet – providing 40 per cent of the average daily intake – switching to organic may have a significant impact on health , they warn . the organic milk industry last night issued a swift rebuttal . organic milk is often drunk for its supposed health benefits , with claims that it contains omega-3 fatty acids that are good for the heart . and in response to environmental and animal welfare concerns , the sector is growing . one in every 20 pints of milk bought is now organic and more than 300 million pints were sold in the uk last year , worth £160million . but researchers said that because organic farmers do not give their cows as many artificial supplements the milk lacks iodine , which is important for the healthy development of babies in the womb and in their first months of life . the mineral is thought to have a major impact on the formation of the brain , with repercussions for iq and school success later in life . study author professor ian givens said the findings could have ‘ serious implications for public health’ . he stressed that organic milk was not ‘bad’ for health , and said britons could get the same amount of iodine as in a pint of normal milk by drinking an extra half-pint of the organic variety . but he warned that without careful monitoring , the country risks ‘sleepwalking’ into a new health crisis in the 21st century . iodine deficiency was once endemic in parts of the uk , with thousands in the 1930s and 1940s suffering from the thyroid condition goitre . the latest findings , published in the journal food chemistry , were based on skimmed , semi-skimmed and full-fat milk purchased at four unnamed supermarkets . but the organic milk industry last night said the research – conducted in january last year – was out of date . pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers who drink organic milk may be putting their child’s health at risk due to the smaller amount of iodine in the product . iodine is essential for brain growth . omsco , which provides two-thirds of britain’s organic milk , said procedures had been changed over the past 18 months to ensure more iodine is fed to dairy herds . peter melchett , of the soil association , also dismissed the findings , saying organic milk had ‘ scientifically proven’ health benefits . research in 2013 by experts in bristol and surrey found that children born to women deficient in iodine have a 60 per cent risk of lower iq scores at the age of nine . professor jean golding , one of the authors of that study , last night welcomed the new findings , saying : ‘ milk is a major source of iodine , but it is important to know which sort of milk is most appropriate . ’ 