chad mendes underlined his no 1 spot in ufc 's featherweight rankings with an explosive first-round technical knockout of former title contender ricardo lamas in fairfax on saturday night . coming into the fight on the back of a decision loss in what was 2014 's ' fight of the year ' against champion jose aldo , mendes did not disappoint . the featherweight came out hard and fast , and quickly landed a right hand which inevitably led to lamas ' downfall . chad mendes punches ricardo lamas in their featherweight fight during the ufc fight night event . mendes celebrates his first-round victory against lamas as he returned to action in virginia . mendes celebrates in style after his victory ensured he retains his no 1 featherweight ranking . ' it feels great , ' said mendes . ' i needed to come in here and make a statement . that 's what i said i was going to try and do and i got it done . ricardo is a great opponent , he 's been on a tear so it means a lot . ' we 've been working on slipping that right hand and throwing ; that 's something that i 've done for a long time . i was walking him down , he was catching me with a couple of kicks , i hit him big and he went down . ' mendes piled on the pressure from the first bell despite lamas threatening him with a diverse array of striking techniques . just shy of the two-minute mark , the piston-like right hand buckled lamas and , despite his best efforts to recover , mendes was just too much for him . lamas did well to get back to his feet after the initial knockdown but mendes swarmed him and subsequently landed some punishing blows , including a knee from the clinch . he then connected with a powerful left hook that put lamas down for a second time , but again lamas rose . but , losing his balance as he moved away from mendes , lamas folded against the octagon . mendes evaded lamas ' attempts to get hold of him as he scrambled on all fours , and ' money ' dropped some big shots on his counterpart before gesturing to referee dan miragliotta , who stopped the bout inside the third minute of the first round . jorge masvidal punches al iaquinta but fell to a split-decision loss after 15 hard-fought minutes . masvidal reacts after losing by split decision to iaquinta in their lightweight fight . iaquinta punches masvidal on his way to victory after a back-and-forth fight in virginia . meanwhile in the co-main even , al iaquinta took a split decision win over jorge masvidal in an epic encounter , which saw iaquinta considerably bloodied and masvidal sporting a heavily welted lead leg after the 15-minute war . when masvidal heard the judges ' decision he stormed out of the octagon while iaquinta cut his post-fight interview short amid a chorus of boos from the crowd . earlier , dustin poirier and julianna pena made successful returns to the octagon with two first-round finishes that won both fighters ' performance of the night ' honours . pena , who had been sidelined with a knee injury for 18 months , finished milana dudieva with punches and elbows from mount and insisted she would strive for a shot at ronda rousey 's bantamweight title in the near future . coming off his first round ko loss to conor mcgregor back in october , and back at lightweight , ' the diamond ' poirier looked the picture of confidence as he dropped carlos ferreira with a straight shot in the first round of their main card curtain raiser . 