a man appeared in court today charged with the murder of syrian preacher abdul hadi arwani , who was found dead in his car in wembley last week . the crown prosecution service announced today that 36-year-old leslie cooper would be charged over the suspected murder of mr arwani , 48 , who was an outspoken opponent of the assad regime in his native country . he appeared before magistrates in camberwell today for a brief hearing , and will appear at the old bailey later this week . meanwhile , scotland yard said tonight that a second man , aged 61 , had been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to murder mr arwani . charge : a man has been charged with the murder of syrian imam abdul hadi arwani . the imam ran a building company as well as preaching at various mosques before he was shot dead and his body abandoned in a volkswagen passat last tuesday night . cooper , from brent in north-west london , was remanded in custody by a judge at camberwell magistrates ' court and ordered to appear at the old bailey within the next 48 hours . he wore a grey tracksuit during the minute-long hearing , and spoke only to confirm his name . earlier , the cps said in a statement : ' the crown prosecution service has today authorised the metropolitan police to charge leslie cooper , 36 , with the murder of abdul hadi arwani . mr arwani was shot dead in the greenhill area of london on april 7 , 2015 . mosque : mr arwani was a preacher at the an noor mosque and cultural centre in west london . car : he was found dead in his black volkswagen passat in wembley last tuesday night . ' mr cooper now stands charged with a criminal offence and has the right to a fair trial . it is extremely important that there should be no reporting , commentary or sharing of information online which could in any way prejudice these proceedings . ' the family of mr arwani have thanked the community ‘ for the outpouring of support during this extremely difficult time’ . in a statement , released through scotland yard , mr arwani 's son murhaf said : ‘ we are touched to learn how many people my father helped , advised and inspired in his short life . ’ mr arwani also urged anyone who may be able to help with the investigation to come forward . he said : ‘ if anyone has any additional information that can help with the investigation , we urge you to please come forward and speak to the metropolitan police . ‘ your co-operation will help us close this painful page and begin to move on with our lives , in the knowledge that the person who took away our father will be brought to justice and duly punished for this heinous crime . ’ a spokesman for the metropolitan police said : ' leslie cooper , 36 , of brent , nw10 was charged on tuesday , april 14 with the murder of mr arwani and has been remanded in custody to appear at camberwell green magistrates ' court at 14:00hrs this afternoon . ' a post-mortem examination found that mr arwani , a father of six , died from gunshot wounds and counter-terrorism officers were tasked with investigating his murder . he was an imam at the an noor mosque in acton , west london , from 2005 to 2011 , but left the institution after being embroiled in a row with other leading figures there . mr arwani was a passionate opponent of bashar al-assad 's syrian regime , and supported the opposition seeking to unseat the dictator . he was apparently forced to flee his home country after he was caught taking photographs in the town of hama , which was devastated by a government massacre in 1982 . after he was found dead , mr arwani 's family paid tribute to him calling him ' the most peaceful man you could wish to meet ' , and called on members of the public to help find his killer . an noor has been linked with extremism after a number of radical preachers were invited to speak there , but friends of mr arwani have insisted that he held moderate and pro-western views . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .