jane tipper had been walking her dog molly when the eight-year-old chased a lamb over a cliff . a border terrier miraculously survived a 250ft fall after chasing a spring lamb off the edge of a cliff before spending three days stranded on a remote beach . dog molly had been on a walk with owner jane tipper and her daughter hannah in eype , dorset , last week when the she fell over the cliff 's edge along with the lamb . molly survived a vertical drop of 100ft then rolled 150ft down a steep slope and coming to rest in gorse near the bottom . her distraught owners managed to see that the eight-year-old had survived the drop , but had no way of getting down to the beach to get her . a team of ten coastguards arrived on the scene and a winchman was lowered down the cliff face but was unable to find her despite four hours of searching . ms tipper , who had been celebrating her 64th birthday , was forced to return home in nearby charmouth without her beloved dog which she has had since she was a puppy . she contacted the website doglost which arranged for missing posters to be put up in the area . three days later , molly was found in an exhaustive state after walking a mile further along the beach to an area popular with dog walkers . it is unclear what had happened , but luckily , she has come through her ordeal relatively unscathed - but there has been no sign of the lamb since the incident . ms tipper said : ' i was with my daughter , it was my birthday and we planned a short walk and lunch in a local cafe but we never got there . the border terrier miraculously survived a 250ft fall , including a 100ft vertical drop , in eype , dorset , but her owner had no way of reaching her . coastguards searched thoroughly but were unable to find her . ' molly 's usually very good , she does n't chase animals . ' she fell about 200ft but the cliff was on a slight slope . i could n't see her at the bottom but my daughter did so we knew she survived the drop . ' the coastguard winched one of them over the cliff and he went from side to side looking for her but could n't see her . ' it 's rocky there , there 's thick patches of gorse and it 's extremely dangerous . ' after a couple of hours they said they just could n't spot her . they were very upset about it . ' she added the incident left her ' completely numb ' . ' we did n't stop searching at the end of the day , ' she said . ' when i got home i phoned as many people as i could think of . ' but fortunately , a female dog walker recognised molly from the lost posters that had been put up in the area on friday . after ms tipper put up missing dog posters , molly was identified by a dog walker three days after going missing . pictured right , the cliff face in dorset where molly fell . ms tipper added : ' the lady was walking her dogs when molly followed her and sat next to her . she called me and we met up and fortunately it was molly , i was worried it was going to be someone else 's dog . ' molly was very pleased to see me , especially when i got a gravy bone out of my pocket . ' she was n't hurt or limping or anything , but she was shattered and spent the rest of the day asleep when we got home . ' i think it 's really knocked the stuffing out of her . ' a coastguard spokesman urged dog owners to always keep their pets on lead while walking near the coast . 