kenya has bombed two al-shabaab camps in somalia in the first major military response to last week 's attack by the militant group on a kenyan university that left 148 people dead . air force jets blitzed compounds in gondodowe and ismail , both in the gedo region bordering kenya on sunday , a kenya defence forces source said today . cloud cover made it difficult to establish how much damage the bombings caused or estimate the death toll . ' we targeted the two areas because according to information we have , those ( al-shabaab ) fellows are coming from there to attack kenya , ' the source said . kenyan army spokesman , colonel david obonyo , later said : ' the two targets were hit and taken out , the two camps are destroyed . ' scroll down for video . slow response : kenyan elite troops were called in to aid in the pre-dawn massacre where 148 people were killed , but did not arrive until just before 2pm . nation in mourning : a woman cries after she has viewed the body of a relative , one of the 148 people killed in thursday 's attack on a university , at chiromo funeral home , nairobi . this picture of a classroom strewn with dead bodies has emerged revealing the true horror of the massacre . gunmen from the al qaeda-aligned group killed 148 people on thursday when they stormed the garissa university college campus , some 200km ( 120 miles ) from the somali border . kenya has struggled to stop the flow of al-shabaab militants and weapons across its porous 700km border with somalia . al-shabaab militants have killed more than 400 people in kenya since april 2013 . an african union peacekeeping force that includes kenyan troops carried out arrests and seized ammunition in an al-shabaab camp in gondodowe last august . news of the bombings came after it was claimed kenyan special forces took at least seven hours to respond to the brutal massacre at garissa university . elite troops were called in from nairobi to garissa , some 225miles from the capital , to aid in the pre-dawn attack on the university , but soldiers did not arrive until the afternoon , local media claims . the critique comes as one of the four gunmen responsible for the brutal mass-murders has been identified as a lawyer son of a kenyan government official . government representatives have defended the long response time , comparing fighting terrorism with being a goalkeeper as ' they only remember the one you missed ' . paraded : the naked bodies of the alleged attackers were driven around garissa before the pickup truck parked at a primary school . in the primary school playground , hundreds gathered to look at the bodies of the men accused of being the attackers . kenya 's elite recce company in nairobi were called in as soon as the first reports of thursday 's attack emerged , which took place around 5.30am at garissa university college . however , as troops were flown in from the capital , help did not arrive at the scene until just before 2pm , kenyan newspaper nation reports . ' this is negligence on a scale that borders on the criminal , ' the nation wrote in its editorial on sunday , recalling how survivors said ' the gunmen , who killed scores of students with obvious relish , took their time . ' some journalists based in nairobi who drove to garissa after hearing the first reports of the attack arrived before the special forces , who came by air . foreign minister amina mohamed defended the slow response time to the massacre , where 148 people were killed , using a football analogy . ' fighting terrorism is like being a goalkeeper , ' she said . ' you have 100 saves and nobody remembers them . they remember that one that went past you . ' interior ministry spokesman mwenda njoka also dismissed the criticism . ' if you look at how we responded it was not bad at all , say , compared to westgate , ' he told the nation . ' it takes time to assess and make the decisions , escalating it from national security advisory committee to the national security council and then to scramble the elite units , get them to the airport and fly them to garissa which is a two hour flight . there were many moving parts . ' a crowd gathers outside the morgue to catch a glimpse of the corpses of the alleged terrorists who killed 148 . members of the public gather outside the mortuary window to view the bodies of the alleged attackers in the mortuary . people gather to catch a glimpse of the bodies of the alleged terrorists at the hospital mortuary in garissa . yesterday , the interior ministry revealed the identity of one of the four gunmen responsible for the massacre on thursday . abdirahim mohammed abdullahi was the son of a government chief in mandera county , interior ministry spokesman mwenda njoka said . the chief had reported his son missing last year and said he feared that he had gone to somalia , said njoka . abdullahi graduated from the university of nairobi with a law degree in 2013 and was viewed as a ' brilliant upcoming lawyer , ' according to someone who knew him . it is not clear where he worked before he disappeared last year , njoka said . on saturday , the decomposing bodies of abdullahi and his three accomplices accused of carrying out the brutal massacre were paraded in front of a large crowd at a primary school . the authorities drove the naked , bloated corpses of the four alleged terrorists around the town in a pickup truck from the mortuary to garissa primary school . hundreds of people , some grieving for the loved ones they lost in the siege , gathered in the sweltering heat to catch a glimpse of the men who are believed to be responsible . pictures of the crowds and the bodies piled onto the vehicle are being shared on social media . four attackers died at garissa , but only abdullahi has been named . it was hoped that crowds viewing the corpses might identify them . cynthia cheroitich , 19 , emerged after two days of hiding inside wardrobe at the university , and was initially too petrified to believe police officers were not al-shabaab gunmen . survivor cynthia cheroitich , 19 , who spent two days hiding and drinking body lotion to survive , was rescued . earlier in the day , security forces rescued cynthia cheroitich , 19 , who spent two days hiding in a wardrobe at garissa university college and drinking body lotion to survive . survivor ms cheroitich , who hid under a pile of clothes , spoke about her ordeal following her rescue . she told reporters that she was initially too petrified to come out of the wardrobe , but a lecturer she knew eventually convinced her that police officers were not the al-shabaab gunmen - 50 hours after the barbaric attack began . kenyan troops searching the building were alarmed when they heard sounds coming from inside a wardrobe . a police officer said : ' she kept asking for reassurance from the security forces they were not al-shabaab before she could come out . ' she was given milk and rushed to the garissa hospital , where she is being observed before being given counselling . ' speaking later in hospital , the survivor said she told officers from inside the wardrobe : ' how do i know that you are the kenyan police ? ' ' i was just praying to my god , ' ms cheroitich , a christian , said . four other survivors from the massacre at garissa university college were found yesterday . a photograph from inside one of the classrooms at the university has emerged , showing at least 12 bodies strewn across the floor , which is covered in blood . survivors : a woman reacts after seeing her son who was rescued from the garissa university college attack . relatives are reunited with their loved ones who survived the attack ( centre ) at nyayo stadium in kenya 's capital nairobi . at least three people appear to have been huddled in fear in the corner of the room when they were murdered by the militant islamists . the terrorists raided the university early on thursday morning , overwhelming guards and murdering people they suspected of being a christian . a total of 148 people were killed in the siege , with the gunmen shooting and beheading those who could not recite the koran . most of those killed were students but two police officers , one soldier and two watchmen are among the dead . kenya 's interior minister , joseph nkaissery said the four terrorist gunmen had strapped themselves with explosives . when officers shot at them , they exploded ' like bombs ' and shrapnel injured officers . kenyan security officials said dozens of hostages were freed and four of the gunmen , believed to be armed with ak-47s , were killed . the interior ministry said five suspects had been detained , some while trying to flee to somalia , where al-shabaab is based . four were kenyans of somali origin , and the fifth was tanzanian , the ministry said . officials said all three were associates of islamist teacher mohamed mohamud , who is believed to have masterminded the attack . there is a £145,000 bounty on his head . a woman who survived the attack ( centre ) is reunited with relatives at nyayo stadium in nairobi . the interior ministry said the three suspects arrested at the border had coordinated the attack . two people were detained at the university , including a security guard and a tanzanian man . ' we suspect the tanzanian , who was hiding in the ceiling , was one of the combatants , ' ministry spokesman mwenda njoka said . ' he had ammunition with him when he was arrested on thursday night . we suspect the guard facilitated the entry ( into the university ) . ' in a chilling warning , the terrorist group said more attacks like the university massacre were planned . ' kenyan cities will run red with blood , ' al-shabaab said in a statement , according to the site intelligence monitoring group . the militants said the barbaric attack was in retaliation for killings carried out by kenyan troops fighting the rebels in somalia . ' this will be a long , gruesome war of which you , the kenyan public , are its first casualties . ' no amount of precaution or safety measures will be able to guarantee your safety , thwart another attack or prevent another bloodbath . ' kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta said that those behind the attack were ' deeply embedded ' in kenya , and called on kenyan muslims to help prevent radicalisation . ' our task of countering terrorism has been made all the more difficult by the fact that the planners and financiers of this brutality are deeply embedded in our communities , ' he said in a televised speech . ' radicalisation that breeds terrorism is not conducted in the bush at night . it occurs in the full glare of day , in madrasas , in homes , and in mosques with rogue imams . '