the biggest ice cover on north america’s great lakes in decades is backing up important shipping deliveries with 18 freighters currently wedged in the ice , unable to move . extraordinary aerial photographs taken above whitefish bay on eastern lake superior , ontario , show some of the freighters lined up across a frozen expanse . they are carrying a variety of goods from canadian grain to us iron and steel but are being hampered by slabs of ice as big as pick-up trucks , it’s been reported . scroll down for video . stuck in the middle with you : freighters trapped in ice are shown in this photo on tuesday near whitefish bay on lake superior northwest of sault ste . marie , ontario . the canadian coast guard ship samuel risley is shown in this aerial photo near whitefish bay on lake superior . the icebreaker was participating in an effort to free eight freighters from heavy ice . the biggest ice cover on north america’s great lakes in decades is backing up important shipping deliveries with 18 freighters currently wedged in the ice , unable to move . nowhere to go : the james r barker lake freighter is shown trapped in ice in this aerial photo near whitefish bay . mark gill , director of vessel traffic services for the u.s. coast guard , told the duluth news tribune : ‘ this is just crazy how much ice we have out there , we’ve had 35 square miles of ice descend upon and affix itself [ to existing ice ] . ’ the ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by canadian and us ice breakers , which have been hampered by the extreme conditions . gill added : ‘ the ice is very mobile . there’s a lot of water in it . hit with the icebreakers , it moves and doesn’t take the break . it’s been very slow to say the least . ’ the ice breakers on the scene include the us coast guard cutter alder – the largest us icebreaker , according to the tribune . breaking point : the ships’ ability to manoeuvre is extremely limited because the ice is able to penetrate their hulls . the ships desperately need a path cut through the lake by canadian and us ice breakers , which have themselves been hampered by the extreme weather conditions . the us coast guard cutter mackinaw ( right ) works in thick ice to break out the freighter edwin gott in whitefish bay . the samuel risley makes slow progress through the frozen expanse , which contains slabs of ice the size of pick-up trucks . mark gill , director of vessel traffic services for the u.s. coast guard , said ' this is just crazy how much ice we have out there ' . the ships’ ability to manoeuvre is extremely limited because the ice is able to penetrate their hulls . one ship , the kaye e. barker , tried to make some headway but the ice put a hole in her side , meaning she had to dock in waiska bay and transfer her cargo to another ship . in california , meanwhile , it’s the heat that’s the problem . the state is experiencing its fourth year of severe drought and pictures have emerged of workmen demolishing swimming pools , their owners opting to have them removed in the face of mandatory reductions in water use . 