turkey has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of a prosecutor held during an armed siege last week . a turkish court imposed the blocks because images of the deadly siege were being shared on social media and ' deeply upset ' the wife and children of mehmet selim kiraz , the hostage who was killed . the 46-year-old turkish prosecutor died in hospital when members of the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front ( dhkp-c ) stormed a courthouse and took him hostage . the dhkp-c is considered a terrorist group by turkey , the european union and us . scroll down for video . a turkish court has blocked access to twitter and youtube after they refused a request to remove pictures of prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz held during an armed siege last week . grief : the family of mehmet selim kiraz grieve over his coffin during his funeral at eyup sultan mosque in istanbul , turkey . he died in hospital after he was taken hostage by the far-left organisation . two of his captors were killed when security forces took back the building where the far-left group was holding him . gunshots were heard and smoke could be seen rising from the scene at the end of the six-hour stand-off . mr kiraz , a father-of-two married to a judge who also worked at the courthouse , was targeted for his part in an investigation into the death of berkin elvan . the 15-year-old was severely wounded after being hit on the head by a tear-gas canister fired by a police officer during anti-government protests in istanbul in june 2013 . after spending 269 days in a coma , elvan eventually died on march 11 last year . his death , and the subsequent investigation , have since become a rallying point for the country 's far-left . gathering : prosecutors , lawyers and judges stand near a statue of lady justice during the funeral ceremony . a british national , of polish origin but who has not been named , was arrested on saturday as part of an operation against the revolutionary people 's liberation party-front , according to reports . a foreign office spokeswoman said this morning : ' i can confirm that a british national has been arrested in turkey and that we are offering consular assistance . ' before imposing the blocks on the websites , turkish authorities had tried to prevent newspapers printing images taken during the siege last week . the newspapers were accused by the government of ' spreading terrorist propaganda ' in sharing the images of the hostage-taking . presidential spokesman ibrahim kalin said : ' this has to do with the publishing of the prosecutor 's picture . what happened in the aftermath ( of the prosecutor 's killing ) is as grim as the incident itself . ' the demand from the prosecutor 's office is that this image not be used anywhere in electronic platforms . ' the wife and children of prosecutor kiraz have been deeply upset . the images are everywhere . ' he added : ' a request has been made to both twitter and youtube for the removal of the images and posts but they have not accepted it and no response has been given . ' that 's why this decision has been taken through a court in istanbul . ' critical : prosecutor mehmet selim kiraz was taken to hospital with gunshot wounds but died of his injuries . strength of feeling : elvan has since become an icon for the turkish far-left and his supporters accuse the authorities of covering up the circumstances and perpetrators of his death . google said it was working to restore service to the youtube video-sharing site , which it owns . twitter also said it was working to restore access for its users . facebook said it had complied with a turkish court order requiring it to restrict access to some content or face a block on its service . a company spokesman said it would appeal the order . turkey 's telecoms regulator could not immediately be reached and there was no statement on its website . this is not the first time that turkish authorities have imposed blocks on social media sites and networks . in the run-up to local elections in march 2014 blocks were imposed after recordings circulated allegedly revealing corruption among senior officials . figures provided by twitter revealed that turkey filed more requests to remove content from the social network than any other nation between july and december 2014 .