a lesbian honors student who was told by her school principal that she was not allowed to wear a tuxedo to her senior prom has now been informed that she may wear the attire , it has emerged . claudetteia love , 17 , said last week that she and her friends would not go to carroll high school 's prom in monroe , louisiana , because principal patrick taylor had told her she had to wear a dress . her comments sparked an outpouring of support from across the country - from her classmates , who signed a petition to persuade the school to change its mind , to gay rights groups and strangers . but now , principal taylor and monroe city school board president rodney mcfarland - who had backed claudetteia - have reportedly told the student that she can wear a tux to the prom after all . result ! claudetteia love ( pictured ) , 17 , was told by her school principal that she was not allowed to wear a tuxedo to her senior prom . however , she has now been informed that she may wear the attire after all . on tuesday , the national center for lesbian rights said in a news release that the pair had contacted the teenager to inform her of their decision relating to the event on april 24 . in the release , claudetteia , who is openly gay , said she had been inspired by the countless supportive comments and offers she has received in the wake of her controversial tuxedo ban . the support included a local businessman 's offer to create a prom for her and her friends , and a letter sent to school superintendents in the state by the american civil liberties union of louisiana . “ the outpouring of support has been incredible and inspiring ; it is a source of strength that i will keep with me as i move on the next phase of my education and life beyond high school , ' said claudetteia . she added she was ' thankful ' for the school 's latest decision . ' i am looking forward to celebrating the end of my senior year with my friends and classmates at the prom , like any other student , ' she said . last week , claudetteia 's mother , geraldine jackson , who is ' fully supportive ' of her daughter 's gay identity , said principal taylor had told her staff would not supervise the prom if girls wore tuxes . principal : claudetteia said last week that she and her friends would not go to carroll high school 's prom in monroe , louisiana , because principal patrick taylor ( pictured ) had told her she had to wear a dress . release : but now , principal taylor and school board president rodney mcfarland have told the student she can wear a tux to the prom , according to a news release ( pictured ) by the national center for lesbian rights . ' that 's his exact words . `` girls wear dresses and boys wear tuxes , and that 's the way it is '' , ' she told the news-star , adding that staff members had not acted on the petition started by students . meanwhile , claudetteia told the newspaper : ' i told my mom , `` they 're using me '' . they put me in all these honors and advanced placement classes so i can take all of these tests and get good grades and better the school , but when it 's time for me to celebrate the fact that i 've accomplished what i need to accomplish and i 'm about to graduate , they do n't want to let me do it the way i want to . ' she added : ' there are people in the world that wo n't accept you but they do n't have to be so judgmental and make you feel like you 're less of a person and that you should n't express yourself . ' ms jackson and claudetteia are both now ' very happy ' after caroll high school reversed its ban . inspired : in the release , claudetteia ( left and right ) , who is openly gay , said she had been inspired by the countless supportive comments and offers she has received in the wake of her controversial tuxedo ban . last week , principal taylor told the news-star that the earlier decision was part of the school 's dress code and not anything personal . however , claudetteia and her family said they did not believe it . mcfarland told the paper that principal taylor 's stance was not backed up by board policy . ' banning her from her prom just because of what she wants to wear - that 's discrimination , ' he said . ' as far as i know there is no monroe city school board policy saying what someone has to wear to attend the prom . you ca n't just go making up policies . ' mcfarland said he planned to ask superintendent brent vidrine to talk to principal taylor . school : claudetteia is a top-performing student at carroll high school ( pictured ) she will represent the school at an annual scholars ' banquet and has a full scholarship to jackson state university once she graduates . in tuesday 's release , nclr executive director kate kendell said : ' we are pleased to hear principal taylor and the monroe city school board corrected this wrong before any serious harm was done . ' forbidding girls from wearing a tuxedo to the prom would have served no purpose other than to reinforce the worst sorts of harmful stereotypes and censor a core part of claudetteia’s identity . ' last year , claudetteia was one of a group of students presented in a monroe city school board meeting as part of the school 's high achieving medical magnet program . she will represent the school at the annual scholars ' banquet , an event for the top students in ouachita parish , and has a full scholarship to jackson state university . neither principal taylor nor mcfarland immediately returned calls for comment from ap . 