you’ve found the house of your dreams – but you want to make sure the costly nightmare of dry rot isn’t lurking under the carpets and skirting boards . the solution ? call in the dogs ! the appropriately named mark doggett has trained his two animals to sniff out the destructive fungus in old houses where it can hide in places a person would miss . mr doggett gave up a ten-year career in construction after hitting on the idea to set up a business using the animals’ sense of smell , which is said to be up to a million times better than that of humans . skilled : meg and jess , pictured with mark doggett , were trained for six months to sniff out dry rot . on the case : four-year-old border collie meg gets down to work sniffing out the destructive fungus . when they find dry rot they stop , stare at it and point with their nose , only moving from the affected area when mr doggett gives them a special signal . after six months of training , four-year-old border collie meg and 22-month-old english springer spaniel jess went to work . when they find dry rot they stop , stare at it and point with their nose , only moving from the affected area when mr doggett gives them a special signal . the businessman , 30 , from wolverhampton , whose company is called enviro-dogs , said : ‘we’re unique in offering a dry rot detection service using dogs to the public . the dogs can go out to domestic properties or surveyors can hire us as part of their report . dry rot is wood decay caused by the fungus serpula lacrymans that digests the parts of the wood which give it strength . by the time there are visible signs , serious damage will have been done . it begins as a microscopic spore but the final stage is a fruiting body which pumps out new spores . once airborne they can damage all parts of a property , penetrating brickwork and concrete floors seeking a wood source . if not treated , it can destroy a building . “it’s not really work for the dogs – they see it as the best game in the world and they enjoy it because it’s working on their natural instincts . the dogs are so effective because they can detect dry rot at much earlier stages . ‘ in hidden places dry rot can grow for years without anyone noticing it . it can be hard to find but the dogs can detect it through carpet and wall panelling . ‘ it takes a couple of minutes for the dog to search a room . people are slightly dubious when they first hear about us but after seeing what we can do they’re amazed . ’ prices start at £200 for a call-out and the business has been so successful mr doggett plans to expand it by training the dogs to hunt out bed bugs for hotels and hospitals . the businessman , 30 , from wolverhampton , whose company is called enviro-dogs , said : ‘we’re unique in offering a dry rot detection service using dogs to the public . ' by the time there are visible signs of dry rot , serious damage will have been done . to call out mr doggett and his pair of sniffer dogs to hunt for dry rot cost £200 . mr doggett now plans to train his dogs to sniff out bed bugs for hospitals and hotels . 