ronnie o’sullivan took off his shoes mid-match at the crucible on tuesday — but still socked it to debutant craig steadman . the rocket raced into a 7-2 lead in his first match at this year’s betfred world championship in sheffield . but five-time champion o’sullivan , 39 , could now face a fine after breaching snooker’s strict dress code against the 32-year-old from manchester . ronnie o'sullivan was forced into borrowing a pair of shoes from a member of the crucible audience . o'sullivan played a frame of his encounter against fellow englishman craig steadman in his socks . o'sullivan leans across the table as he lines up a shot during the first round of the world championship . o’sullivan almost made a 147 maximum break in the first frame — missing the 14th red on a run of 104 . but he played the sixth frame in his socks after removing some new shoes , complaining about a painful big toe . o’sullivan saw his lead pegged back to 4-2 after losing that frame — and tried to hand his footwear to a fan . he also asked : ‘ does anyone in here have some size eight or nine shoes i can borrow . i’m serious ? ’ but tournament director mike ganley summoned him out of the arena and lent him his own shoes for the last three frames of the session . the wpbsa dress code reads : ‘ each member shall ensure that their dress and appearance is smart and appropriate for a professional player . ’ o’sullivan was given dispensation to wear casual shoes last year at the uk championship after breaking his ankle . o'sullivan claimed he was in discomfort during the match due to an injury he sustained in november . the five-time world champion talks with referee brendan moore after borrowing a pair of shoes . o'sullivan ( left ) holds an overnight 7-2 first-round lead against craig steadman ( right ) . world championship ( 5 ) : 2001 , 2004 , 2008 , 2012 , 2013 . masters ( 5 ) : 1995 , 2005 , 2007 , 2009 , 2014 . uk championship ( 5 ) : 1994 , 1998 , 2002 , 2008 , 2015 . world snooker chairman barry hearn said : ‘ the one thing you can be sure of with ronnie o’sullivan is that you have absolutely no idea what he is going to do next . ‘ i would rather he played with his shoes on if it all possible though . and what happens if his trousers are a bit tight in the next session of his match ? ’ meanwhile , ding junhui blew the chance to win £30,000 and become only the seventh player to make a maximum at the crucible . he incredibly played for the blue after the 13th red following 12 blacks and only gasps from the crowd alerted him to the blunder . ding looked stunned before a doomed long-distance attempt on the black failed . however , he shrugged off the setback to claim a 10-7 victory . ding , who now plays john higgins in the second round , said : ‘ i was concentrating so hard i forgot . i had been 4-0 behind and doing everything to get back into the match , and already thinking about trying to win the next frame . ‘ i only realised what i had done after playing for the blue because the crowd reacted . then i checked the scoreboard . hopfully one day i will get another chance to make a 147 at the crucible , but it was a bit embarrassing . ’ ali carter , a two-time crucible finalist , looked in good touch in his first match at the venue since being given the all-clear from lung cancer . o'sullivan took to twitter to post a picture of his inflamed left ankle back in november 2014 . following a 10-5 win over alan mcmanus to set up a clash with neil robertson , he said : ‘ this is where i feel comfortable and most enjoy playing . i have done everything here except win it and that’s what i am here to do . i didn’t want to come here , get some applause , play like an idiot and go home . ’ mark allen won an incredible nine frames in a row from 3-1 down to blow away ryan day 10-3 . the 29-year-old from northern ireland , who now plays barry hawkins , said : ‘ that doesn’t happen very often at this level . but that was my c game . ryan gave the chances rather than me earning them . i will need to play a lot better to be in the mix for the title . ’  