a man has been arrested after the body of a 22-year-old missing indiana university student was found more than 20 miles from campus . police confirmed that hannah wilson 's body was found on friday in the rural area of needmore , indiana , which is about an hour drive outside bloomington , where she attended school , police said . daniel messel , 49 , of bloomington , was arrested after a police investigation and he is facing a preliminary charge of murder . brown county coroner earl piper told the herald times that wilson was struck three or four times in the back of the head with an unknown object , which was not found at the scene . scroll down for video . indiana university student hannah wilson , 22 , was last seen at about 1am on friday . her body later turned up in a rural area of brown county in needmore , which is more than 20 miles from the bloomington campus . a photo circulated social media on friday in hopes of finding the gamma phi beta sorority sister who was studying psychology . piper said wilson was found fully clothed and there was no sign of sexual assault , according to sky news . piper said that wilson would have been dead four to seven hours when police were notified that she was missing on friday , the indy star reported . with that being the timeline , wilson , a member of the gamma phi beta sorority at iu , would have died sometime between 1.30am and 4.30am . the connection between messel and wilson is unclear , police said . the young woman was last seen at around 1am on friday , according to the crimson quarry . toxicology reports for the woman will not be available for ten to 14 days . information surrounding wilson 's disappearance has not been released , but she went missing on the same weekend of celebrations for the little 500 , an annual bicycle race held on campus that is known for its party atmosphere . though rumors circulated on twitter that wilson was last seen getting into an uber car - creating a possible connection to messel being a driver - an uber spokesperson told a herald times reporter that he was not a driver with the company . daniel messel , 49 , of bloomington , was arrested in connection to the case and faces a preliminary murder charge . wilson , originally from fishers , indiana , was a senior studying psychology at the university . ' i ca n't even stop crying , ' a friend of wilson told wthr . ' i keep expecting her to text me back or to wake up and this all be a horrible nightmare . ' a friend of wilson 's , matt molewyk , posted a tribute to his ' best friend ' on his facebook fan page along with the pair of them together standing behind dj equipment . he wrote : ' she was always there when i needed to talk and complain about trivial things . she could always get me to laugh when i was down . ' she 's the rare type of person that really makes an impact on you . she was so loving and down to earth . she cared about everyone and she was a genuine person , which is rare these days . ' he added that he planned to dedicate his dj set on friday to wilson and that she was ' one of , if not the most loyal friend ' he had . matt molewyk , pictured here with wilson , wrote a tribute to his friend on facebook , claiming that wilson was ' one of , if not the most loyal friend ' he had . molewyk said that wilson had an ' infectious ' laugh and that he wished she was on stage with him like she had been in the past . he added : ' she was a wonderful human being and i hope that when the day comes that i leave this earth , that i can hopefully leave half as much of a positive impression on people as she did . ' i truly love you hannah , and i would give anything and everything i have just to hangout with you one more day . i would even trade places with you because i am not half the person you are . ' i love you so much , and i will never forget you . i know you supported me and i am going to continue to pursue my dreams in hopes that i can make you proud and hopefully leave a positive impact on people , like you have left on me . ' i am so lucky to have had all the time that i did with you - thank you for being my friend and putting up with me . i love you so much hoon . ' wilson went missing on the same night as the little 500 , an annual celebration surrounding a bicycle race on campus that is known for its party atmosphere . police have not revealed information as to the connection between wilson ( pictured ) and messel . other friends , too , posted photos together with wilson and mourned the loss of the woman on social media . indiana university released a statement on the incident friday . wilson 's death comes four years after indiana university student lauren spierer went missing in 2011 . she was never found . ' the entire iu bloomington community mourns the tragic death of hannah wilson . our deepest sympathies go out to hannah 's family and friends during this unspeakably sad time , ' the statement read . gamma phi beta sorority also released a statement regarding wilson 's death . ' the entire gamma phi beta family mourns the tragic loss of hannah . she was a sister , friend and cherished member who will be genuinely missed , ' international president krista davis said . she continued : ' our thoughts and prayers are with hannah 's friends , family and the women of beta phi chapter ' . this is not messel 's first run in with the police , according the the indiana daily student . he was charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated and endangering persons in 1995 . a year later he was sentenced to eight years in prison for battery by means of a deadly weapon and battery resulting in serious bodily injury . indiana state police have yet to release more information about the case . this is n't the first time , however , a woman has gone missing from iu 's campus . lauren spierer was 20 years old when she went missing in 2011 . jill behrman disappeared after going for a bike ride in 2011 . both cases still remain unsolved . both indiana university and the national organization of gamma phi beta released statements regarding wilson 's ( right ) death . gamma phi 's international president said wilson was a ' sister , friend and cherished member who will genuinely be missed ' .