sometimes , putting up a billboard just is n't quite enough - so a group of russian entrepreneurs have come up with a new way to get you message out : on the breasts of a beautiful woman . companies tittygram and titisign have popped up in russia offering the eyebrow raising service and are , by all accounts , causing quite a stir . indeed , it has already caught the attention of one big company , which jumped at the chance to advertise its whoppers . cleavage : burger king has become one of the first big companies to take advantage of thi type of advertising . from the heart of russia : two companies now offer to write on a woman 's cleavage and take a snap . burger king 's russian branch posted a picture of a woman with ' i love burger king ' emblazoned across her chest , courtesy of tittygram , on its vk page , the country 's version of facebook . the message above reads : ' do you want your name to be written here ? ' every week the most active participant will get such a named postcard from us ! ' not only our whoppers are prepared on fire , everything we have is on fire as well ! ' and it has certainly brought them a fair amount of attention , with hundreds of ' likes ' and countless comments - although they are not all positive . what 's more , as advertising campaigns go , it is incredibly cheap : for as little as $ 6 , or £4 , they promise to get your message across in a way which is certain to grab attention . versatile : the picture can then be used as either a personal message , or advertising , and cost just £4 . eyebrow raising : but the use of a woman 's cleavage as advertising space has not been universally popular . according to the global post , tittygram was set up earlier this year , with titisign following in its footsteps more recently . both offer a similar service , asking people to send their messages in , at which point a model writes the message on her breasts and then takes the requisite photo . the english website for titisign boasts : ' stave off boredom ! send your communication on the bosom of russian beauties – knock your friends’ socks off , advertise your business and make unforgettable gifts ! ' say hello from the heart of russia ! ' boasts : ' knock your friends’ socks off , advertise your business and make unforgettable gifts , ' says titisign . alexey gavrilov , co-founder of titisign , revealed to mailonline the company gets a range of requests for messages - from ' farewell , semyonych . with best wishes for your wedding day ' to ' do not play with heart - it is one . play with boobs - there are two of them ' . the women , he reveals , are not all professional models . ' we invite not only professional models who are interested in our project and like our idea , but beautiful girls , ' he explained . ' some of our models we find in professional community - we have photographers in our team - and some of them we find through social networks , others find us themselves . ' however , as one vk user points out , when advertising ' it is necessary find something that is interesting to everyone ' - and this certainly is not .   