a father is desperately searching for his 13-year-old daughter , who has n't been seen since last thursday . melissa borg left her baulkham hills home in north-west sydney at 7:30am on thursday in her school uniform and made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills . however , the year 9 student never made it to class and after her father found no sign of her when he searched their house following work , he reported his daughter missing to police . 13-year-old melissa borg ( pictured ) has been missing from her baulkham hills home since last thursday . castle hill police have been assisting melissa 's family with the investigation into her disappearance ever since . melissa is described by police as being 150cm with a slim build , long brown hair and brown eyes and was last seen wearing her school uniform - a dark blue skirt and a pale blue blouse . police have questioned her school friends about her mysterious disappearance , however they have so far been unable to find the child . melissa 's parents are extremely concerned at her out of character actions and are worried about her young age . the teenager left home at 7:30am and made her way to the hills sports high school in seven hills . speaking to news.com.au inspector david hogg said police were holding out hope that melissa was with friends . ' with any 13-year-old that goes missing for this time frame it 's serious but our hope is she 's with some friends and just does n't want to contact her family , ' inspector hogg said . ' if that is the case , whatever issue she has , we 'd hope that she 'd at least get in contact with police so we can get in contact with her family and let them know she is okay . ' inspector hogg told the publication that there were unconfirmed sightings of the 13-year-old in the merrylands area . however melissa never made it to class and her father alerted police to her disappearance when he arrived home from work and she was nowhere to be found . melissa 's family and friends have taken to their facebook pages to share a photo of the teenager in her school uniform . a picture posted online by melissa 's aunt tricia carlow has already been shared over 2,000 times around the sydney area . ' my niece melissa borg is missing from the baulkham hills area since thursday afternoon 02nd april 2015 , ' the caption said . ' can you please share this around and keep an eye out for her . we at least need to know that she is safe and well . '