a top television producer is suing his ex-wife for more than £300,000 , claiming that she lied to him about being the father of her son . chris lewis , 68 , has brought the unusual court case against 48-year-old former wife nicola over the child he helped raise as his own for 17 years . in court documents he claims mrs lewis had sex with another man only a few months into their marriage , but did not tell him . she had a child – charlie , now 19 – as a result but led him to believe the boy was his , he argues . suing ex-wife : chris lewis , 68 ( left ) has accused his former partner nicola , 48 ( right ) of duping him about the paternity of her son charlie . dna tests now prove that charlie is not his biological son , he says , and as a result of the deception he suffered loss and damages – and wants compensation totalling £322,400 . the claim , made in documents before the high court in london , says that the pair married in october 1994 and that mrs lewis gave birth to charlie in march 1996 . the couple separated in may 1999 . although charlie subsequently lived with his mother , mr lewis says he ‘ would see him regularly and make financial contributions towards his maintenance and advancement’ . he claims that his ex-wife continued to lead him to believe that he was the boy’s biological father and he was recorded as such on the birth certificate . he was discussed as being the father in the course of the couple’s divorce , with mrs lewis signing ‘ statements of truth maintaining that was the case’ . everything changed in april 2013 , however , shortly after charlie’s 17th birthday , when both he and mr lewis had dna tests . they are said to have proven beyond doubt that mr lewis was not the boy’s father . the court documents claim that mrs lewis’s repeated assertions that her ex-husband was the father of her child ‘ were made fraudulently’ with her ‘ knowing them to be false or not caring whether they were true or false’ . mr lewis’s lawyers say that mrs lewis ‘ had sexual intercourse with david alderson or an unknown person which resulted in the conception of charlie in or around may or june 1995’ . high-profile contract : mr lewis 's company , chris lewis media , provided coverage of the equestrian events at the london olympics and the tv producer brought charlie to the venue during the games . they add : ‘ on no occasion during the parties’ marriage did mrs lewis inform mr lewis that she had had sexual intercourse with another person/persons . ‘ she knew that mr lewis was not the biological father of charlie , or was reckless as to whether he was the biological father , or did not believe he was the biological father . ‘ by reason of her deceit and misrepresentations , mr lewis has suffered loss and damage , and claims damages plus interest . ’ mr lewis was for decades one of the bbc’s leading sports producers , masterminding footage of every olympic games since 1972 as well as working on coverage of ten football world cups . since leaving the bbc in 2006 , he has specialised in equestrian sports . he is understood to have taken charlie to equestrian events at the london 2012 olympics , which his tv company chris lewis media was filming , a few months before he discovered he was not the boy’s father . speaking about the court case , mr lewis , of twickenham , south west london , said : ‘it’s been a very hurtful time for all parties . ’ mrs lewis lives in a £1.2million house in shepperton , surrey , and is a company director of a fireplace shop . she told the daily mail last night : ‘ i haven’t even looked at the document from court , and i can’t say anything because it’s in the hands of my solicitors . ’ david alderson , 59 , of cobham , surrey , who is alleged to be a former lover of mrs lewis and the possible father of her child , was unavailable for comment last night .