gary player will attend his 58th masters this week fully expecting to welcome a new member to the game’s most exclusive club and salute what he considers would be one of the sport’s finest accomplishments . the great man considers tiger woods completing the career grand slam at the age of just 24 as the best golfing feat he has seen . so you can imagine how excited he is at the prospect of rory mcilroy becoming just the sixth player to win all four majors at only 25 . ‘i’m not sure people fully realise what a magnificent effort it would be , ’ said the south african legend . ‘ when i completed my slam at 29 i said to my wife that you will never see that done again . then jack nicklaus came along and did it at 26 and then tiger at 24 . jack nicklaus watches his shot go for a birdie on the 17th at the masters golf tournament in augusta in 1986 . rory mcilroy meets up with south african golf legend gary player during the pro-am in 2009 . rory mcilroy , pictured in action at the arnold palmer invitational , and is favourite to win the masters . ‘ now we have rory , and i tell you this : i honestly believe he is going to do it . i just believe everything is going to fall into place for him , that he will learn from the mistakes he made when he messed up in 2011 and put everything right . ’ it is not hard to see why player would have such a special affinity for mcilroy . two men of similar stature who came from a foreign land to take on the americans in the majors in their own backyard ; two men with a commitment to fitness with minds strong enough to ward off all the criticism . forget tiger . it was player , of course , who wrote the book when it came to golfers and fitness . heavens , he is still doing 1,300 sit-ups and squatting 300lb every morning even now , at the age of 79 . he is withering in his contempt of those who say mcilroy is ‘ bulking up’ too much in the gym . ‘i’m going to guess most of the critics are fat and don’t watch what they eat , ’ he says . ‘ just because they’re lazy , they can’t grasp that fitness is so vital . tom watson presents player with a green jacket after the 1978 masters tournament at augusta national . ‘ i was told that because i was so keen on fitness my career in golf would be over early and i wouldn’t win any tournaments after the age of 34 . i was told i had no chance of winning the us open if i was squatting 325lb the previous evening . what rubbish . ‘i’m just so pleased to see travelling gymnasiums on the circuit and that most players see the value of putting themselves through the pain barrier . i used to go down to the local ymca wherever we were playing and sometimes wait 20 minutes to use the equipment . but it you want to be a superstar , and by a superstar i mean a player who has won at least six majors , there are no short cuts . woods could pose a threat to mcilroy at the masters after confirming that he will play at augusta . ‘ rory will be an absolute superstar when he wins the masters . and yes , i can see a lot of similarities with myself . i love the fact he is a people person , for example , and engages with the fans . that’s what i used to love , and still do . so many pros can’t be bothered to talk to the fans and it’s so wrong . ’ player also gives short shrift to the idea that completing the career grand slam is a modern media invention . ‘ i tell you it was electrifying when i completed it in 1965 , ’ he said . ‘ i so wanted to follow gene sarazen and particularly ben hogan and become the third player to achieve it , because hogan was the best player i’d seen . jack and i were both in competition to complete it and it was a piece of advice jack gave me that helped me over the line . ‘ i was due to play a tournament at greensboro in 1965 when jack said if i wanted to win the us open and complete the set i should go with him to the us open site and practise . i said i needed the money , that i had loads of children to look after , but i went with him . so he played a key role . mcilroy manages a smile after throwing away a four-shot lead on the final day of the masters in 2011 . jack nicklaus waves before hitting his drive at the ceremonial start of the 2014 masters golf tournament . ‘ it was amazing afterwards . everyone wanted to know how a man from a small country who lost his mother at the age of eight and his dad worked in a mine could achieve such a thing . how on earth could it happen ? ’ player and nicklaus have remained lifelong friends . they will be partners in a team competition in the autumn before player heads to greece for his 80th birthday celebrations . ‘ there will be 35 people there and jack and i will need to win that event for me to be able to pay for it , ’ said player , laughing . as for augusta , he is looking forward as ever to hitting the ceremonial first shot on thursday alongside nicklaus and arnold palmer . and then , 50 years on from his own date with history , he will join every other fascinated observer to see if another non-american can complete the set of majors and join him on what former us open champion curtis strange evocatively refers to as golf’s mount rushmore .