the wikipedia official who accused grant shapps of doctoring his own online biography was exposed yesterday as a former liberal democrat member . the tory party chairman had been accused this week of using an anonymous user id to delete embarrassing facts about his past and add unflattering details about his political rivals . but yesterday it emerged that the senior wikipedia administrator who investigated the allegations - following a tip-off from the left-wing guardian - was a former lib-dem member . richard symonds , 29 , who goes by the online name ' chase me ladies , i 'm the cavalry ' , is one of the uk 's top administrators for the website . he once described himself as ' liberal democrat to the last ' . scroll down for video . volunteer : richard symonds , who joined the wikipedia project in 2004 , says he was not being political . mr symonds decided to block a user called ' contribsx ' on tuesday after concluding the account was probably operated either by mr shapps or under his ' clear direction ' . mr shapps angrily denied the claims , insisting the story was ' untrue from start to finish ' . mr symonds ' decision was also criticised by other wikipedia activists , who warned that the site should not be used to ' play politics ' and referred the case to an internal arbitration committee . one user wrote : ' i do n't know if ' chase me ladies , i 'm the cavalry ' did anything wrong but it 's just rather obscure , and doing this during the peak campaign time for the uk 2015 elections as some sort of assignment from a journalist seems odd . ' mr symonds , from bow , east london , described himself on twitter as ' liberal democrat ( to the last ) ' before deleting his profile yesterday . he joined other party members who signed a letter to the guardian in january last year calling for lord rennard to have the lib-dem whip withdrawn over his refusal to apologise for making unwanted advances to female activists . the internet expert , who has served in the royal naval reserve , has been a wikipedia volunteer since 2004 and became an administrator for the website in 2007 . he is also a paid employee of wikimedia uk , a charity which promotes the volunteer-written encyclopedia . furious denials : grant shapps yesterday continued to deny he was behind the wikipedia changes . among his facebook friends is wikipedia co-founder jimmy wales , who married tony blair 's former diary secretary kate garvey in 2012 . he was once featured in a bbc profile that called him ' one of the uk 's top wikipedians ' and reported that he spent up to eight hours a day working on the site . responding to the criticism yesterday , mr symonds insisted he was not a lib-dem activist and said he would never let his political views interfere with his wikipedia work . he added : ' i have never considered myself ' active ' in any party , although i have been a lapsed member of the lib dems on and off , for probably a year in total since 2010 . ' mr symonds toned down his conclusions about mr shapps ' possible connections to ' contribsx ' , revisions to one of his wikipedia pages show . at first he claimed the tory chairman ran the account either directly or indirectly , but later he changed this to suggest simply that the account was run by a user called ' hackneymarsh ' who was linked to mr shapps ' office by the guardian in 2012 . mr symonds admitted that wikipedia 's top officials had ' chastised ' him for his handling of the case , although he refused to back down yesterday . he said : ' while a link has clearly been drawn between hackneymarsh and contribsx , it is impossible to know who was sitting behind the keyboard of contribsx . ' but given the nature of edits , i suspect that it was mr shapps or someone close to him . ' the liberal democrats used the claims to poke fun at the tory chairman when the story broke on tuesday night , and senior figures in the party continued mocking him yesterday . lib-dem leader nick clegg said he believed the denials but then joked that the person behind the account could have been ' michael green ' , the pseudonym used by mr shapps to promote get-rich-quick schemes before he became an mp . a lib-dem spokesman said mr symonds had ' no connection to lib dem hq ' . ' the first time we saw this story was in the guardian , and the first time we know about him was when we were asked about him this afternoon , ' he added . minister justine greening , left , and tory election supremo lynton crosby , right , were among those mentioned in the wikipedia edits . mr shapps yesterday continued to furiously deny he was behind the wikipedia changes , and tory cabinet ministers rallied behind him . he said : ' it 's categorically untrue . it 's absolutely nothing to do with me . it 's just ridiculous . it looks like an extreme dirty tricks campaign designed to do anything but talk about policies . ' david cameron came to his defence , insisting the welwyn hatfield mp was doing a ' great job ' . wikimedia uk spokesman stevie benton said to the best of his knowledge mr symonds did not brief the liberal democrats about his actions . ' i would be incredibly surprised if he had done and would say it 's out of character , ' he told the daily telegraph . ' i 've worked with richard for three and a half years and his politics have never entered into anything in that time . ' the guardian rejected criticism that its story did not made it plain that it had prompted the wikipedia inquiry into alleged links between ' contribsx ' and mr shapps . a spokeswoman for the paper said : ' the article clearly states that this was a guardian investigation which brought to light some potential breaches of wikipedia 's own rules , which were then communicated to the site 's administrators . ' unite leader len mccluskey has become embroiled in a claim against his trade union for bullying and sexual harassment . as part of a constructive dismissal claim under investigation by an employment tribunal , former union official sally nailard has accused the unite general secretary of calling her a ‘scab’ . the 50-year-old former regional officer based at heathrow is seeking undisclosed compensation . the case lifts the lid on alleged ‘ discrimination , misogyny and bullying’ at the hard-left union . the chairman of the employment tribunal in watford , isabel manley , described the case as a ‘ sad and sorry tale’ . more than half of labour candidates in its 106 target seats are linked to unite . mr mccluskey is one of several union officials cited in miss nailard’s claim . she resigned from her £47,000 position last august , following an alleged 18-month campaign of bullying and harassment . her evidence submitted to the tribunal , seen by the independent , relates to a copy of an interview she gave to sky news in 1997 after a cabin crew strike which she didn’t take part in . her evidence states : ‘ if i was such a “scab” as len mccluskey later said , i would have volunteered to operate as crew over the strike . ’ the tribunal continues .