a former air stewardess who was struck down by a devastating illness is making her catwalk debut today in a wheelchair . gemma flanagan , 31 , from liverpool , was left paralysed after suddenly being hit by guillain barre syndrome , a rare condition which attacks the nervous system . the aspiring model was working for british airways when the condition first struck . but the aspiring model , 31 , is n't letting that hold her back as she makes her catwalk debut today . air hostess gemma flanagan , pictured strengthening her legs , left , and in a wheelchair , right , was left paralysed after being hit by guillain barre syndrome . she said : ' i had just come back from las vegas and felt odd , like i was jet-lagged . my legs were heavy and i had pins and needles . ' gemma assumed partying in six-inch heels during her stopover was the cause of the pain in her legs . but for seven months her family watched on as she was left frozen in her own body , unable to move , speak or even swallow as the illness - which affects only one in 50,000 people in the uk - took hold . she assumed partying during a stop over was the cause of her pain - but she had guillain-barre syndrome . after returning from a flight she felt jet-lagged ; her legs were heavy and she had pins and needles . gemma was used to getting sore feet from partying in heels and never thought she might end up paralysed . tests in october 2011 confirmed the diagnosis which led to gemma first having to use crutches - and now a wheelchair . she spent seven months in the specialist walton neuro rehabilitation unit in merseyside where she learned to talk , write and even partly walk again . today , the aspiring model is taking part in a show called ' the beauty within ' by models of diversity at london 's olympia . it is designed to show anyone can be beautiful , whatever their age , size or disability . gemma said : ' people think sexy and disability do n't go together , that you ca n't be sexy in a wheelchair , that you ca n't be glamorous , but i want to show that you can . ' it is more difficult because when you are walking you can maybe do a little dance but , in a wheelchair , you 're a little more limited . after tests confirmed her diagnosis , gemma spent months in the specialist walton neuro rehabilitation unit . ' but i 'm looking forward to it - and i just hope i do n't roll off the end ! ' gemma will soon move to a bungalow with her boyfriend because she finds it increasingly difficult to get upstairs . and she admits having to use her wheelchair more frequently has previously left her in tears . she added : ' it 's about seeing beyond the metal and the rubber , the wheelchair , to see the person behind it or in it . ' today , the aspiring model is taking part in a show called the beauty within , showing anyone can be beautiful . the aspiring model - seen here at the races - wants to show that you can be glamorous in a wheelchair . gemma , pictured with the mobility scooter she sometimes uses to get around . ' sometimes i do feel like i 'm losing control but i have to try to stay positive and tell myself i have got through worse since my diagnosis . ' that 's why i wanted to model in my chair . it 's sticking two fingers up to things and saying you can do things , you just have to do things in a different way . ' it 's about your personality , who you are inside . doing the fashion show is saying `` this is me '' . '