a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera . the footage , which was taken last monday in forrestville in northern sydney shows a driver behind the wheel of an ac & s truck tailgating , yelling and flashing his lights aggressively , nearly crashing into the back of a small subaru car . the incident started on warringah road and continued on for 8.5km , with the passenger in the car claiming the truck driver was laughing and even spit on their car . scroll down for video . a dramatic road rage incident between a truck driver and two young men has been caught on camera . friends cameron rose and bo honna were the occupants of the subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication . while mr honna was driving the car , his mate mr rose was filming the menacing incident on his phone . after mr rose put his arm out the window in a gesture to show the truck driver that he was not happy with his action , an onslaught of terror began . first the truck driver drove up right behind the men , almost touching their bumper . then he began laughing and sticking his head out the window , shouting abuse at the men , beeping his horn and flashing his lights to put them off their driving . according to mr honna , the truckie got about two centimetres from the back of his car . the incident , which started on warringah road apparently continued for 8.5km until both the car and the truck were forced to stop at a red light . the footage , which was taken last monday in forrestville in northern sydney shows a driver behind the wheel of an ac & s truck tailgating , yelling and flashing his lights aggressively , nearly crashing into the back of a small subaru car . friends cameron rose ( pictured ) and bo honna were the occupants of the subaru and said they were perturbed when the truck driver crossed into their lane without using any indication . the road rage began at about 2:10pm when both vehicles were heading north over the roseville bridge . during the terrorising journey , mr rose told 9news that the truck driver spat out the window at the men , however he did not manage to catch it on camera . ‘ it was just disgusting behaviour i could n't believe it , ' mr rose said . the men also filmed the truckie tailgating a blue ute before swerving into their lane and in front of their car with no indication . the road rage began at about 2:10pm when both vehicles were heading north over the roseville bridge . subaru driver mr honna ( pictured ) told 9news that he thinks the truck driver 's licence should be confiscated due to his feckless driving . they said they believed this was an attempt to cut them off but it did n't stop them lodging a complaint about their horrific ordeal . they believe that the truck driver put their lives at risk with his erratic driving and could have caused a serious road collision . subaru driver mr honna told 9news that he thinks the truck driver 's licence should be confiscated due to his feckless driving . the truck driver 's employer ac & s said they had disciplined their employee in a statement and claimed he said he was provoked by the two men . the incident , which started on warringah road apparently continued for 8.5km until both the car and the truck were forced to stop at a red light . ' if you’re going to drive a truck , drive it safely and if you’re not going to drive it like that and terrorise people on the road you don’t deserve a licence , ' he said . the truck driver 's employer ac & s said they had disciplined their employee in a statement and claimed he said he was provoked by the two men . ' ac & s do not condone bad behaviour or dangerous driving – and to date we have a clean record of any such incidents , ' they told 9news . ' we will be investigating this matter further . ' during the terrorising journey , mr rose told 9news that the truck driver spat out the window at the men , however he did not manage to catch it on camera . the men also filmed the truckie tailgating a blue ute before swerving into their lane and in front of their car with no indication .