deposed masters champion bubba watson had to settle for an opening-day 70 to sit four shots off huang wen-yi 's lead at the shenzhen international . watson , who finished 38th at augusta national on sunday as the defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion , was struggling on one over after 13 holes on thursday - having started on the back nine - but three successive birdies got him back under par . the american 's 70 leaves him in joint 17th place , with home hope huang setting the early running on a day when he shared the highlights with an byeong-hun , who recorded a hole in one . bubba watson was off the pace at the shenzhen international and had to settle for an opening-day 70 . china 's huang , who only started playing at the age of 22 some 12 years ago , carded eight birdies and two bogeys in his six-under-par round as he finished the first day one clear of a group of four players . among them are american peter uihlein after he completed the final 10 holes at genzon golf club in six under par , and south korea 's byeong , whose ace came on the 226-yard eighth - his penultimate hole - as he finished birdie-par-eagle-birdie . also in the that chasing pack on five under are chile 's felipe aguilar and thailand 's kiradech aphibarnrat . the defending champion sits four shots off home hope huang wen-yi 's lead and is in joint 17th place . huang , who worked as a labourer on construction sites before taking up the sport , said on www.europeantour.com : ' last year i played very bad . ' this year i have changed my swing and yesterday i changed the driver and i like the new driver . i like the course ; the green speed is very good . ' south africa 's darren fichardt is on his own at four under , with the leading europeans coming in a group of 10 players at three under which includes english quartet ross fisher , anthony wall , matt ford and andy sullivan . watson 's defence of his masters crown finished in disappointing fashion as jordan spieth wins in augusta .