as a society we believe that our political allegiance depends on which party best marries up with our needs and values , and that these are shaped by our life experiences . but research with twins suggests picking who to vote for in an election might have more to do with your genes than the policies of the parties . to put this to the test , the department of twin research , which hosts the biggest adult twin registry in the uk , recently performed a poll of voting preferences . deciding who you will vote for may have more to do with your family than who won the leaders debate ( above ) finds study which looked at the voting habits of twins born in the uk . the aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences . the twins were all born in the uk and were broadly representative of the uk population . the aim was to explore how much nature and nurture influence our party political allegiances and potential voting preferences so we can draw broader conclusions about people’s voting habits . twins provide a unique natural experiment for research . identical twins share 100 per cent of their genes , while non-identical twins - like non-twin siblings - share about 50 per cent . both identical and non-identical twins normally share the same environment while growing up . twin studies are useful for exploring whether a trait is forged in the genes , passed down or by the environment a person is living in . as identical twins share exactly the same dna , traits produced by genes should appear in both twins . however in non-identical twins the dna will not be the same and so differences can occur . in most cases twins should have shared the same environment when growing up too . so by comparing the differences and similarities between identical and non-identical twins it may be possible to unravel whether a trait is environmental or cultural . however , as twins grow up they can be influenced by different groups of friends , cultural experiences and points of view . this can make it difficult to unpick the influence of environment over genetics . in the case of political views , these can also run strongly in families as they tend to share the same socioeconomic background and parents can often impress their political support upon their children . however , the study of twins found identical twins were more likely to vote the same way than the non-identical twins . assuming they had similar upbringings and experiences through adulthood , this would suggest there is an underlying genetic influence for political alignment . by comparing the differences and similarities between them the researchers said they can identify how much of a quirk , disease , or trait is due to a genetic predisposition or environmental and cultural factors . because twin studies adjust for culture and upbringing , they are an ideal way to study political allegiances . the researchers analysed surveys completed by 2,355 twins ( comprising responses from 612 full pairs ) in march 2015 between the ages of 18 and 80 - most of whom were middle aged . they told the researchers whether they intended to vote , what their political party of choice was , and provided their personal rating of the main party leaders . they found that voting conservative , or not , is strongly influenced by genetics . when it came to voting tory , they found that 57 per cent of the variability - differences or similarity - between people’s voting preferences were due to genetic effects . this percentage is called heritability . that means the identical twins were more likely to vote the same way than the non-identical twins - suggesting an underlying genetic influence was stronger than environmental or random factors . for ukip voting preferences , there was also a moderately strong heritability of 51 per cent . this was closely followed by labour and the green party both with 48 per cent . the exception seemed to be voting for the liberal democrats , which was affected entirely by environment with no genetic influence . identical twins showed exactly the same level of disparity in preference for the lib dems as non-identical twins . geography also played a possible role - as voting for the snp in scotland was also completely environmental . these latest results from uk data confirm the trends found in previous research carried out in the us . the researchers analysed surveys completed by 2,355 twins in march 2015 between the ages of 18 and 80 - most of whom were middle aged . they told the researchers whether they intended to vote , what their political party of choice was , and provided their personal rating of the main party leaders . voting for the conservative party , led by david cameron , pictured above after voting at the last general election with his wife samantha , tended to have the strongest heritability according to a study of uk twins . a 2008 survey of 682 pairs of middle-aged twins from the minnesota twin registry showed that self-reported political ideology and right-wing authoritarianism were consistently more similar in the identical twins than fraternal twins . previous studies have also shown strong genetic influences on right-wing views , be they for or against . ' we and others have demonstrated consistent genetic influences on all measurable aspects of our personalities , ' said the researchers . ' the consensus is that these political leanings are mainly due to the genetic makeup of our underlying personalities . ' ' despite this , our survey shows that whether we intend to vote or not does not seem to be influenced by genes and personality . that decision appears to be entirely shaped by environmental factors . ' the popularity of nick clegg ( above ) , leader of the liberal democrats seemed to be heritable , although voting for this party was not heritability and appeared to be influenced by the environment alone , the study showed . the question of whether a leader would make a good prime minister produced mixed responses . david cameron had the stronger genetic influence on opinions , with 50 per cent heritability , followed by nick clegg at 37 per cent . views on all the other party leaders were purely environmental . psychology studies have shown our sub-conscious biases for leaders who are tall and with round symmetrical faces so maybe this also plays a role in our choices . but even if we do see party leaders differently , the findings of this study suggest that our choices at the polling booth may not be as free or rational as we would like to believe . something to think about when you approach the ballot box . professor tim spector is the professor of genetic epidemiology at king 's college london . victoria vazquez also contributed to this article .