sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every barclays premier league fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for aston villa 's home clash with qpr ... aston villa vs queens park rangers ( villa park ) . team news . aston villa . aston villa boss tim sherwood is definitely without a trio of key players for their key game with qpr . alan hutton limped off in saturday 's 3-1 defeat at manchester united with an ankle problem and has been ruled out of tuesday 's game along with scott sinclair and ashley westwood . alan hutton ( left ) attempts to play a pass under pressure from manchester united 's daley blind in aston villa 's 3-1 barclays premier league defeat at old trafford on saturday . philippe senderos and kieran richardson ( both calf ) are doubts along with tom cleverley ( adductor ) and aly cissokho ( groin ) - although they are training - while libor kozak is sidelined as he continues to recover from a broken leg . provisional squad : guzan , given , lowton , okore , vlaar , clark , cissokho , kinsella , delph , gil , sanchez , grealish , cole , cleverley , richardson , n'zogbia , agbonlahor , benteke , weimann . qpr . qpr are without chilean winger eduardo vargas and south korean left-back yun suk-young for tuesday 's barclays premier league clash at aston villa . vargas is ruled out with a knee injury sustained in the 4-1 win at west brom while yun will not travel to villa park for precautionary reasons after suffering a head injury in the same match . eduardo vargas jumps in an attempt to beat west brom 's chris baird to the ball in qpr 's 3-1 win at the hawthorns in the barclays premier league on saturday . hoops boss chris ramsey is also without knee-injury victims richard dunne , leroy fer and alejandro faurlin while darnell furlong is still sidelined with a calf problem . provisional squad : green , isla , onuoha , caulker , hill , phillips , sandro , barton , kranjcar , austin , zamora ; hoilett , grego-cox , mccarthy , henry , doughty , sutherland . kick-off : tuesday , 7.45pm . odds ( subject to change ) : aston villa 21/20 . draw 9/4 . qpr 11/4 . referee : craig pawson . managers : tim sherwood ( aston villa ) , chris ramsey ( qpr ) . head-to-head league record : aston villa wins 12 , draws 10 , qpr wins 21 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . aston villa have scored just seven goals in their last 20 premier league matches against london sides , and never more than once in a match in that time ( w2 d3 l15 ) . qpr have not won back-to-back away games in the premier league since september 1995 . christian benteke has scored four goals in his last four league games for tim sherwood’s side , more than he had netted in his previous 21 ( 3 ) . charlie austin has been involved in 20 of qpr’s 35 league goals this season ( 16 goals , four assists ) . the last season that queens park rangers won both home and away in the league against aston villa was back in 1986/87 . charlie austin celebrates scoring his and qpr 's second goal in their 2-0 win over aston villa at loftus road . aston villa have won five and drawn one of their six premier league games against the hoops at villa park . qpr’s last league win at villa park came back in march 1992 ( 1-0 ) . qpr have scored in each of their last 12 premier league matches against aston villa . aston villa have won just one of their last eight premier league home games ( w1 d3 l4 ) . villa have failed to find the net in four of these eight matches .