it is the show with an ever rising death count , where not even the most powerful man in the kingdom is safe on the toilet . yet , for its female characters , game of thrones has some of the most powerful roles for actresses on television . the hbo drama , which is based on george rr martin 's fantasy novels , is about to begin its fifth series , which has seen many of the female characters take leading roles - mainly because the men have died in increasingly tragic circumstances . scroll down for video . emilia clarke , left , who plays daenerys targaryen believes game of thrones has great female characters . lena headey , left , has hinted that scheming cersei lannister may survive the ten episodes of season five . arya stark ( played by maisie williams ) grows from feisty tomboy to child assassin and nomad . emilia clarke , who plays daenerys targaryen is set to bring her army , replete with dragons , to westeros for the final showdown . she said : ' you start to see all of the women in the show accepting who they are and embodying that with such power that it 's palpable . ' i think that 's the beauty of the show : as women , we accept our femininity and take strength from it , as opposed to trying to hide it and behave in a masculine way . ' as series five begins , other female characters are battling for survival - and vengeance . arya stark is an assassin and a nomad , her older sister sansa is forced to rely on her feminine wiles and sinister queen cersei lannister clings to power in king 's landing . the sorceress melisandre has control over another claimant to the throne , stannis baratheon , and is bringing her magic to the wall , where jon snow struggles against incipient rebellion among the night 's watch . sansa stark ( sophie turner ) must rely on her feminine wiles to survive , while tyrion lannister is a renegade , fleeing from his family who want to kill him for slaughtering his father tywin while he was on the loo . despite the massive death count , kit harington , pictured , who plays jon snow has survived into series five . the beheading of ned stark , played by sean bean , was the most shocking death of the first series and a signal to fans that none of their heroes were safe . charles dance put in a terrifying performance as the stern patriarch tywin lannister who meets his end on the loo , shot by his son tyrion with a crossbow . after four seasons of torture and explicit sex scenes the show has been criticised for the levels of sexual violence , yet it is the male characters who tend to meet an unfortunate end . tywin lannister , played by charles dance was shot on the toilet by his son , while ned stark , played by sean bean , was beheaded . no family escapes the slaughter with tywin 's grandson , the young king joffrey killed by poisoned wine at his wedding . and his son-in-law king robert baratheon dies after being mauled by a wild boar . a key death that helps set daenerys on her path to female warlord , liberator and fearsome ' mother of dragons ' , is that of her manipulative brother viserys , who is killed by having molten gold poured over his head . king joffrey ( left ) , played by jack gleeson , is poisoned during his wedding to margaery tyrell ; daenaerys 's brother viserys targaryen ( harry lloyd ) , is killed by having molten gold poured over his head . khal drogo , played by jason momoa , becomes ill from an infected wound and then the black magic his wife daenerys employs to save him reduces him to a vegetative state , so she smothers him and burns his body . daenerys 's husband , the tribal leader khal drogo , then dies after a wise woman uses black magic to reduce him to a vegetative state - and his wife smothers him and burns his body . despite the succession of ever more imaginative and shocking demises , maisie williams , who plays arya stark - the feisty child warrior who has yet to learn of her brother robb 's killing at the massacre dubbed the red wedding - has promised even bigger shocks in the new episodes . ' when i say , `` there 's a massive change in game of thrones '' , i think it 's the first time i 've actually meant it ! people are going to think , `` you go through a change every year ! `` yet , according to the 17-year-old , viewers better brace themselves when the new series starts on sky atlantic in the uk . she said : ' but this year it 's on a completely different level , and that 's why it 's so exciting . it sounds so broad , but actually `` change '' is really , really specific . ' richard madden 's robb stark ( left ) , meets a grisly end during his own nuptials in a massacre dubbed the red wedding ; oberyn martell , nicknamed the viper ( played by pedro pascal ) , is killed during a fight with man-mountain gregor clegane . the death of king robert baratheon , played by mark addy ( left ) kicks off the entire series , after he 's mauled by a wild boar after his wife cersei plied him with wine before a hunt ; his brother renly baratheon , gethin anthony , ( right ) is assassinated by a shadow summoned by his own brother 's sorceress adviser melisandre . the fifth series also sees the introduction of three new female characters , known as the sand snakes . part of a brood of eight illegitimate daughters of prince oberyn martell , who is killed in a brutal fight with gregor ' the mountain ' clegane in westeros at the end of season four , the women ( obara , nymeria and tyene ) , who are all trained in combat , seek revenge for the brutal death of their father . meanwhile , lena headey , who plays the scheming cersei lannister , told the radio times that her character may survive the entire ten episodes of series five . one of the few left alive from her family , with her father , husband and eldest son dead , and her twin brother ( and former lover ) roaming the land as a one-armed fighter , the former queen is fighting to remain in power . she told the magazine : ' cersei 's a woman born in the wrong time , to a terrible father , and raising her kids . ' but she warns that the arch-manipulator is about to learn some ' really severe lessons ' . let the games begin .   