a charity set up by brad pitt to build new houses for people made homeless when hurricane katrina ravaged new orleans a decade ago is embroiled in legal action – after the new homes started to rot . pitt , 51 , vowed to help ‘ make it right’ for the city’s thousands of displaced citizens by building eco-friendly homes to replace the ones destroyed . the star personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of the city , decimated in the 2005 storm , which killed almost 2,000 . scroll down for video . brad pitt pictured leaving one of the make it right foundation 's houses in the lower ninth quarter of new orleans in 2012 . make it right : brad pitt personally backed the building of 104 homes in the lower ninth quarter of the city . ‘ he took this personally and was even helping to bang in nails , ’ a source told the mail on sunday . but in a lawsuit filed in new orleans’ district court last week , pitt’s make it right foundation is suing timber treatment technologies for $ 500,000 – claiming the wood was defective . it says it was forced to replace decking and other wood on the new homes after using the company’s timbersil product . in one case , a house had rotted so badly it had mushrooms growing from it , it is alleged . a spokesman for pitt could not be reached for comment last night . the source added : ' this has turned the project into a pr nightmare . the homes are literally rotting away because the wood that was used wasn’t as advertised . ’ the lawsuit says pitt’s charity chose to use timbersil wood after being told it had undergone a special ‘ environmentally friendly glass-wood fusion process’ designed to prevent rot and decay . the timber was advertised as ‘ award winning green certified’ and was supposed to be guaranteed against mold , mildew and rotting for 40 years . brad pitt gives ellen degeneres a walking tour of the make it right foundation houses in new orleans . former u.s. president bill clinton and brad pitt before the groundbreaking ceremony for the actor 's make it right foundation house construction project . but , the suit adds , a whistleblower informed make it right that the company skipped a vital part of the manufacturing process rendering the wood useless and forcing the charity to replace the decks and other wood in all 104 homes - at a cost of more than half a million dollars . ‘ before filing this lawsuit the charity tried to reach an agreement with the wood company but the talks went nowhere , ' the source added . pitt’s charity is suing for the cost of replacing the damaged wood , legals fees and for unspecified costs in relation to the pr damage caused by the debacle . resident vanessa rogers said her front stairs and decking had to be rebuilt : ‘ a lot of it got rotten really fast . ' it got so bad i fell down the stairs . the floorboards were rotting and the back porch and deck al has to be replaced . it’s really bad . ’ pitt’s spokesperson did not return calls for comment . timber treatment technologies declined to comment on the row . pitt vowed to help ‘ make it right’ for the city’s thousands of displaced citizens by building eco-friendly homes to replace the ones destroyed . brad pitt pictured here speaking to locals . pitt’s make it right foundation claimed it was lured into buying the special wood only to discover it rotted so badly one home had mushrooms growing out of it .