brentford manager mark warburton was delighted to see his side triumph 4-1 against fulham in a hard-fought west london derby at craven cottage . stuart dallas fired home two superb strikes while a sublime free-kick from second-half substitute alan judge and a late fourth from jota ensured all three points . brentford moved to fifth in the table on 69 points with six games left to play and remain firmly in play-off contention . brentford boss mark warburton was delighted with his brentford side 's win over local rivals fulham . stuart dallas scored twice to put the bees in a commanding lead at craven cottage on saturday afternoon . warburton said : ' i 'm really pleased . the first 10-15 minutes we were , not slow but it was a big local derby , the atmosphere was electric , but after that 15-minute spell i thought we were very good . ' i like the way we moved the ball and maintained pace and we were good for our lead at half-time . they were great strikes from stuart dallas but what disappointed me was their penalty , i thought it was as soft as they come and it changed the game . ' for the next 10 minutes the fulham crowd were up and their players were naturally up as well and we had to defend stoutly . ' but then judgey hit a tremendous free-kick and jota got an outstanding fourth goal . it keeps us going . we are in contention , be that for top or the play-offs , we are still in with a chance . brentford players celebrate after jota put the result beyond doubt in injury time to make it 1-4 . alan judge scored brentford 's third goal , helping the bees move up to fifth in the championship . ' we ca n't worry about what other teams do . i do n't know how many points we will need . we can only worry about ourselves and make sure we do all the things we need to do . ' striker ross mccormack fired home a 67th-minute penalty for fulham , who remain 20th - seven points above the drop zone . fulham manager kit symons added : ' it is a little bit of a recurring theme which is very frustrating . we are playing good football , creating chances , we are on top in games but are not making it count . ' when you get those situations in football you need to make it count , you need to get a goal . a lot of the time we are chasing at the moment . you saw it at the leeds game . brentford goalkeeper david button lifts his arms to the sky in celebration at his side 's fourth goal . fulham boss kit symons admits his team are n't yet safe from relegation in the championship . ' ultimately people just look at the score line at the end of the game and 4-1 looks like a hammering but the actual fact of the matter is that it was n't . ' we were well in the game but obviously we did n't get anything out of it . we shot ourselves in the foot for the first two goals . ' you need to get and press the ball , by being goal side you think you are protecting the goal . they were a couple of great strikes from them for a few of the goals but we did n't get out and press the ball . ' we are not out of it ( relegation trouble ) , we have work to do , especially with millwall winning today . '