boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron . the london mayor , pressed on his leadership ambitions by sky news anchor kay burley , insisted the position would not become vacant for five years . but in his most candid remarks to date , he finally conceded : ' it would be a wonderful thing to be thought to be in a position to be considered for such an honour . ' scroll down for video . ambitious : boris johnson admitted last night he hopes to be considered to lead the conservative party after david cameron . above , the london mayor , left , joined the prime minister at a london nursery yesterday . however he insisted he thinks it is ' highly unlikely ' . mr johnson , running to become mp in uxbridge and south ruislip , has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by mr cameron . he said last month he would serve a ' full second term ' until 2020 , but not a third and named as potential successors mr johnson , home secretary theresa may and chancellor george osborne . yesterday , mr johnson said : ' it is at least five years away which is an aeon in british politics , by which time whatever my personal ambitions may be there will be thrusting young men and women who will be overtaking me and who knows , it will all be different . ' eye on the prize : mr johnson , running to become mp in uxbridge and south ruislip , has long been tipped as a future leader of the party , most recently by mr cameron . above , the politicians at the nursery yesterday . potential successors : mr cameron named home secretary theresa may and chancellor george osborne . mr cameron has admitted that what he called his own ' calm smoothness ' could give people the wrong impression about how urgently he wants to win the general election . he told the spectator he had ' no end ' of passion but was a conservative , a tribe of people who ' do n't always wear their beliefs on their sleeve ' . asked why many people believe he must do more to demonstrate that he really wants to win , he said : ' i do n't know . there is something about me – i always manage to portray a calm smoothness or something . ' 