a man who launched an online campaign to help him destroy his brand new $ 49,000 jeep will read out a ' not sorry ' apology to the company on national television tonight . in june last year , ashton wood raised $ 18,000 online so he and 300 people could destroy his car after jeep refused to pay a full refund for the car or replace the vehicle which he claimed had suffered 21 separate mechanical problems . during a failed settlement between the manufacturer , fiat chrysler automobiles ' jeep , and mr wood , one of the requests made by the car company was for the disgruntled buyer to publish an ' apology ' in a national publication . however , because no one would publish the apology , he will instead read it out on the abc 's ' the checkout ' tonight . scroll down for video . ashton wood issued this apology to jeep after the car company requested he apologise for criticising them . the queenslander launched a public campaign last year asking others to help him destroy his car in protest . compiled by mr wood and the abc 's the checkout , the apology reads : ' my personal apology to jeep : i 'm sorry . ' dear jeep , i 'm sorry . i 'm sorry my jeep broke down before it even left the dealership . ' i 'm sorry it had 21 problems . i 'm sorry it had to be towed four times . i 'm sorry i was n't more grateful for your offer of a new battery . ' i 'm sorry you would n't offer me a replacement or refund . but most of all , i 'm sorry i bought a jeep . ' mr wood launched a kickstarter campaign last year in an effort to raise $ 22,500 - the amount chrysler offered him to buyback the car - and allow donors the chance to be involved in the car 's destruction . he is now campaigning for the united state 's lemon laws to be introduced in australia . pictured : ' lemon car ' drivers protest against vehicle companies who refuse to refund or replace their cars . mr wood's extreme measures came after years of frustration with his ' cursed ' jeep cherokee , which in the four years since he bought it in 2010 , had numerous problems . the extreme measures came after years of frustration with his ' cursed ' jeep cherokee , which in the four years since he bought it in 2010 , had numerous problems including the fuel line falling off , coolant leaks , the rear strut leaking oil , ongoing ignition failure , and the turbo inlet manifold cracking . he claims years of campaigning the car manufacturer to refund or replace his car , which he bought from a sunshine coast dealer in queensland had proved fruitless . despite successfully destroying his vehicle , mr wood - who could not afford to challenge the international car company in court - has refused to back down . along with a number of consumer led organsiations mr wood is campaigning for the united states ' lemon laws to be introduced in australia . these included the fuel line falling off , coolant leaks , the rear strut leaking oil , ongoing ignition failure , and the turbo inlet manifold cracking . he said that lemon laws state ' that if there 's three major issues with car or a number of minor issues or one safety issues then it needs to be replaced or refunded with no questions asked ' . ' lemon is the old term which was used to mean a really bad car . in the u.s. they have had the lemon law 's in place for about 35 years , we do n't have it , ' mr wood told daily mail australia . ' they differ from state to state but in kansas , where they have the most strict version , is states that if there 's three major issues with car or a number of minor issues or one safety issues then it needs to be replaced or refunded with no questions asked . ' it 's a lot clearer than australian consumer laws which just says that the product should be fit for purpose and the dealer should do the right thing . ' i 'm not done yet . i want to keep the pressure up until the government sits up and takes some responsibility and reviews this law . ' consumer laws have somewhat improved since mr wood 's story came to the public 's attention , by including a notion of ' major failure ' . however , they still remain unclear about a car owner 's rights when their vehicle has a number of smaller problems like mr wood 's . after mr wood 's car was destroyed , a fire was lit to bring the rubble to nothing but scrap metal . along with lemon laws for australia and lemon vehicles in australia , mr wood has launched several petitions and staged a number of events campaigning for more specific laws that address the holes in the legislation . they have sent out lemon law stickers to hundreds of australians with ' lemon cars ' in order to ' put pressure on the government and show that the movement is gaining momentum ' . a spokesperson for jeep told daily mail australia ' we never comment on individual cases except to say we have and always will treat mr wood in a fair and professional manner ' . mr woods car was destroyed over four hours with the help of 300 people who wielded bats and sledgehammers and shot bow and arrows at it at a demolition derby last year . more than 300 people turned out to either witness the public smashing or to take part in it . a spokesperson for jeep told daily mail australia ' we never comment on individual cases except to say we have and always will treat mr wood in a fair and professional manner ' . ' the car was spinning in the air with the auger through the top of the roof , ' mr wood said . ' the whole car lifted two , maybe three foot off the ground before we crushed it and lit on fire . ' he said the 'pièce de résistance ' was putting a flame to it and watching it burn before burying the scrap heap and laying flowers at the head of its makeshift burial plot . ' the serious side to it is that i should n't have had to destroy a $ 50,000 car , ' he said . ' if the law was there today and if chrysler group respected and looked after its customers then it would n't have had to happen . ' chrysler offered mr wood a settlement of $ 22,500 for the car , for which he originally paid $ 49,000 . despite knowing he could make $ 28,000 by selling it himself , he said felt uncomfortable with the option . mr wood 's apology can be seen in full on thursday night at 8pm on abc 's the checkout . mr wood 's apology can be seen in full on thursday night at 8pm on abc 's the checkout .