ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for tottenham 's home clash with aston villa ... tottenham hotspur vs aston villa ( white hart lane ) . team news . tottenham . kyle walker and hugo lloris are absent for tottenham , while jan vertonghen is a doubt for this weekend 's match against aston villa . england right-back walker is unavailable after sustaining a foot injury in last week 's draw at burnley - a match goalkeeper lloris missed through a knee injury which continues to keep him sidelined . kyle walker ( left ) was injured for tottenham after clashing with burnley 's kieran tripper last sunday . vertonghen ( virus ) is one of several doubts for the premier league encounter at white hart lane , where harry kane again wears the captain 's armband . provisional squad : vorm , friedel , yedlin , chiriches , kaboul , dier , vertonghen , rose , davies , bentaleb , paulinho , mason , stambouli , dembele , eriksen , townsend , lamela , chadli , kane , adebayor , soldado . aston villa . aston villa boss tim sherwood is again set to be without a key trio for his first return to tottenham since being sacked last summer . alan hutton ( ankle ) , ashley westwood and scott sinclair ( both hamstring ) are expected to miss out along with carles gil ( dead leg ) , but aly cissokho ( groin ) could return after training again this week . alan hutton ( left ) battles for the ball with manchester united 's daley blind in aston villa 's 3-1 defeat by the red devils last weekend , but the defender is set to miss the clash against his former club tottenham hotspur . libor kozak will not be considered as he regains fitness following 14 months out with a broken leg . the striker played 67 minutes in the under-21s ' 1-0 win over wolves on wednesday , his first game since suffering the injury in january 2014 . provisional squad : guzan , given , lowton , bacuna , vlaar , clark , baker , senderos , okore , cissokho , richardson , delph , sanchez , cleverley , grealish , cole , n'zogbia , benteke , agbonlahor , weimann . kick-off : saturday , 3pm . odds ( subject to change ) : tottenham 4/7 . draw 14/5 . aston villa 5/1 . referee : lee probert . managers : mauricio pochettino ( tottenham ) , tim sherwood ( aston villa ) . head-to-head league record : tottenham wins 60 , draws 34 , aston villa wins 49 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . tottenham have won their last five pl meetings with aston villa , netting two or more goals in each game . aston villa have scored just six goals in their last 12 premier league matches against tottenham and never more than once in a game . tottenham have gained 10 points from losing positions at home this season , more than any other side . aston villa have gained no points from losing positions away from home in the premier league this season – the only team not to do so . white hart lane is the highest scoring stadium in the premier league this season ( 51 goals ) . aston villa have n't won at tottenham since 2008 when ashley young scored the winner in a 2-1 victory . white hart lane has also seen the most first half goals this season ( 27 ) . christian benteke has scored seven goals in his last five premier league appearances . under tim sherwood , benteke has scored at a rate of one goal every 87 minutes in the premier league . villa have conceded three goals in each of their last two premier league games . they have only conceded three-plus goals in three successive games twice in pl history ( in 2009 and 2012 ) . harry kane has scored six goals in his last four premier league games at white hart lane .