what the nation needs is more geniuses . so said robert streeter and robert hoehn , two self-styled intelligence experts in the thirties , who set out to discover clever people by publishing a book posing devilishly difficult brain-teasers for members of the general public . now their book has been republished and here we offer you a selection of its tortuous tests — so you can discover if you are a genius ... a book designed to discover clever people in the 1930s has been republished and is full of tricky questions and brain-teasers . the answers can be found at the bottom of the page . 1 . rearrange the following letters so as to make the name of a living creature : b r i n o . 2 . four men can build four boats in four days . how long will it take one man to build one boat ? 3 . test your memory on this passage : three men and their wives and a widower left by car at noon one day for a picnic . after they had gone three miles , they saw two men and a child in another car that had broken down . ‘ that is tough luck , ’ said one of the picnickers . at 1 pm they arrived at the picnic grounds , where they saw only the old one-armed caretaker and his son . they immediately started to eat their luncheon of sandwiches , fruit and cake . question : how many people have been mentioned ? 4 . which is heavier , milk or cream ? 5 . what one word means both ‘dodge’ and ‘immerse’ ? 6 . rearrange the letters in the word ‘sleuth’ to make another word . 7 . what word meaning ‘ship’ would mean ‘ small collections of water’ if the letters were read backwards ? 8 . if a clock is stopped for a minute every ten minutes , how long will it take the minute hand to complete a revolution ? 9 . what adjective which means ‘ pertaining to citizenship’ spells the same from right to left as it does from left to right ? 10 . when seen in a mirror , which of the following words printed in capital letters will look the same as when viewed directly ? man toot deed . 11 . there is a monosyllable which , if you add to it a single letter , becomes a word of three syllables . what is it ? 12 . a man lived in a house that could be entered by only one door and five windows . making certain that there was no one in the house one day , he went out for the afternoon . upon his return , although the windows were still locked and unbroken and the door had not been forced , he discovered a thief in his house robbing it . if the thief did not use a skeleton key , or pick any of the locks , how did he get into the house ? 13 . if a hen and a half lays an egg and a half in a day and a half , how many eggs will seven hens lay in six days ? 14 . the first two syllables of the name of one of the states of the united states is suggested by a girl’s name . the third syllable is suggested by a word meaning ‘debark’ . what is the name of the state ? 15 . how will the following sentence , attributed to napoleon , read if you start with the last word and read all the letters and words backwards ? ‘ able was i ere i saw elba . ’ if a clock is stopped for a minute every ten minutes , how long will it take the minute hand to complete a revolution ? 16 . in the following word , eliminate the second letter and every alternate letter thereafter . what word do the remaining letters form ? gleam . 17 . rearrange the following letters so that they make the name of an article of furniture : c h o c u . 18 . my father is the brother of your sister . what relative am i of yours ? cousin , nephew , son , uncle , son-in-law ? 19 . by eliminating one letter in each of four words in the following sentence , a new sentence of an entirely different meaning will remain . they heard meat was stewed . 20 . what two four-letter words pronounced the same but spelled differently mean ‘valley’ and ‘curtain’ ? 21 . which two of the following words are composed of the same letters ? agate , agitate , gates , stags , stage , grate . 22 . write the following on your answer sheet and , by inserting two full-stops and a question mark , make the meaning clear . that that is is that that is not is not is that not so . 23 . the first part of the name of a certain make of american car is suggested by a word meaning ‘call’ ; the second , by a word meaning ‘insinuation’ . what is the make of the car ? 24 . there were three horses running in a race . their names were tally-ho , sonny boy , and juanita . their owners were mr lewis , mr bailey and mr smith , although not necessarily in that sequence . tally-ho unfortunately broke his ankle at the start of the race . mr smith owned a brown and white three-year old . sonny boy had previous winnings of £20,000 . mr bailey lost heavily although his horse almost won . the horse that won was black . this race was the first race that the horse owned by mr lewis had run . what was the name of the horse that won ? extract from are you really a genius ? timely tests for the irritatingly intelligent , by robert a. streeter and robert g. hoehn .