a woman who was kidnapped , held for ransom and driven to an area near the mexican border has opened up about her traumatic experience . ana elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot when she was leaving a night class at the university of texas , pan american . the psychology graduate student , 27 , was blindfolded and transported through several cars as her abductors made a failed attempt to cross the mexican border . ana elizondo made headlines in 2012 after she was kidnapped from a parking lot as she was leaving a class at university of texas , pan american . she was released unharmed the following day after one of the kidnappers introduced her to his mother who helped her escape to another location . she escaped the hands of her captors the following day unharmed and said she tried to keep in good spirits for much of the time she was kidnapped . miguel angel cruz navarro was reportedly the ringleader of the kidnapping . he was sentenced to 34 years in prison in 2014 . on tuesday she will open up about her experiences on the popular true crime documentary show house of horrors : kidnapped on investigation discovery . elizondo has said in prior interviews that she was determined to look strong throughout the kidnapping , according to the panamerican online . she said in 2013 : ' ( i thought ) which one of these guys is going to rape me ? all these thoughts were going through my head . ' i was very kind to them . i cracked jokes with them to get out of the situation mentally . ' they saw me as a good person and i think that 's why i was n't physically harmed or raped or anything like that . ' an investigation revealed that elizondo was targeted by the kidnappers because her father was a well-known wealthy business man in the area , according to the inquisitr . the men demanded a $ 160,000 ransom when they first called elizondo 's father . she was told by the kidnappers that her father lived a secret life and sold alcohol and cigarettes to the mexican drug cartel . but eventually , one of the kidnappers introduced elizondo to his mother , who helped her escape to another location where her parents could reach her . the kidnappers , named as milton treviño , miguel angel cruz navarro , 35 , and onan herrera-sanchez , 28 , were all arrested . investigators revealed the elizondo was targeted because her father was a wealthy and well-known businessman in the area . the kidnappers demanded a $ 160,000 when they first reached out to the psychology graduate student 's father . investigators said that treviño , herrera-sanchez and navarro 's wife elva navarro were responsible for taking elizondo from the parking lot . navarro , who was supposedly the ringleader of the operation , was sentenced to 34 years in prison in april 2014 , according to fox rio . treviño , who pleaded guilty in the case in 2013 was sentenced to ten years in prison and herrera-sanchez was sentenced to 20 years . elva navarro was sentenced to three years in december 2014 to three years for her role at a spa that injected women with a deadly fake botox , according to valley central . she is still facing kidnapping charges , among others .