a furious new york diner lost his cool grabbing a restaurant manager by the neck before slamming him against a bar and into an elderly woman - after waiting more than an hour for his omelette , according to witnesses . nicholas dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at restaurant bocca east during brunch on saturday afternoon , and demanded a free meal around 4pm because of slow service , police said . dematteis was arrested and charged with assault following the incident , according to the new york daily news . police said new york resident nicholas dematteis , 39 , flew into the rage while at bocca east ( above ) during brunch , and demanded a free meal around 4pm after waiting an hour and a half . ' we heard yelling and glass breaking , restaurant patron jason wirtz told the daily news . ' the guy was screaming , ''i 'm not paying for it ! '' there was some expletives used in there . ' the 34-year-old manager made attempts to calm dematteis down , who waited an hour and a half for his omelette , when he spewed a homophobic slur at the man , according to another manager joseph verdi . he then allegedly grabbed the manager 's neck and slammed him against the bar . verdi added that dematteis , who he said appeared to be drunk , was ' a lot ' bigger than the manager . as the 34-year-old manager followed dematteis outside of the restaurant , he grabbed his neck and hurled him into an elderly woman who was standing on the street , according to the daily news . the woman got up after being knocked over and witnesses said she left before police arrived at the scene . ' there was a hustle and bustle out here and she hit the ground pretty hard , ' said diner julie chappell , who was seated near the sidewalk . authorities said dematteis was previously arrested earlier this year in january for breaking into his girlfriend 's apartment , according to the daily news . dematteis , an upper east side resident who lives near the restaurant , was arrested and charged following the incident on saturday , police said . dematteis was arrested and charged with assault following the incident on saturday afternoon .