david and victoria beckham have won a planning battle against their next-door neighbour over proposals to install air-conditioning at his new mansion . the a-list couple want to install air-con in five rooms including the luxury gym and large wine cellar at the £31.5 million west london home . but one neighbour was furious with the proposals , claiming it ' will affect the historic character of the victorian house of the streets , my house included ' . another beckham victory : david and victoria have won a planning battle against their next-door neighbour over proposals to install air-conditioning at their new mansion in west london . portfolio : the couple , pictured , have won planning permission to improve their mansion , which will become their main uk residence . they already have homes in california , france and dubai . the neighbour expressed ' deep concerns ' about the impact of noise , vibration , dirt , pollution and dust from the construction . but other locals gave their support to the beckhams and the royal borough of kensington and chelsea council has approved the plans subject to minor conditions . a report from the council said the air-conditioning would have minimal impact on the significance of the listed building and the noise from the units would comply with the borough 's criteria . jonathan bore , the executive director for planning and development , said : ' the proposals would safeguard the special architectural and historic interest of the listed building , would preserve the character and appearance of the conservation area , would preserve the living conditions of neighbouring occupiers , and would have an acceptable impact on trees . ' the beckhams bought the grand property in holland park for £31.5 million in cash in 2013 . with the help of designer rose uniacke , they are restoring the grade ii listed mansion to its former glory . it is a slow process with photos sent to the council last year showing the house had been stripped ahead of its overhaul . plans : the first floor will belong to david and victoria , and boast a huge bedroom , an even bigger dressing room and an en-suite bathroom . the house will include rooms for hairdressing , manicures and make-up , as well as separate rooms for 40-year-old victoria 's shoe collection . architect 's impression : when ready , the property will have six-bedrooms , a gym , study , office , playroom , cinema and large drawing room . when ready , the property will have six-bedrooms , a gym , study , office , playroom , cinema and large drawing room . the first floor will belong to david and victoria , and boast a huge bedroom , an even bigger dressing room and an en-suite bathroom . there is also a separate mews house at the foot of the garden which will also be renovated . one local described the plans as a ' prudent and sensible set of alterations which will add to the value of the property over the long term ' . a neighbour nearby added that councils should be encouraging the likes of the beckhams to ' restore these beautiful houses to their former glory ' . estate agents have estimated the property could be worth as much as £42 million when completed . old pad : the beckhams reportedly sold their former house in hertfordshire , dubbed beckingham palace , pictured , for £11.5million - making an estimated £9million profit .    