comcast is abandoning its bid to buy time warner cable for $ 45.2billion and create a mega-size tv and internet provider , it was reported today . the move comes after federal communications commission decided that merger was n't in the public interest and threw up a regulatory roadblock following fierce opposition from net neutrality activists and content providers like disney and 21st century fox . bloomberg , followed by the new york times , reported thursday afternoon that comcast is planning to ' walk away ' from the deal rather than fight it out with the federal government . an announcement from the telecoms giant , already the biggest cable company in the country , could come as early as tomorrow . comcast and time warner cable declined to comment on thursday . scroll down for video . ding-dong : experts , including columbia university professor tim wu , declared the comcast-time warner cable murder dead after the fcc expressed skepticism . mega-merger : the $ 45.2billion deal would have merged comcast 's 30million customers with time warner cable 's 11million . the new company would have spun off or sold 3.9million customers . the proposed merger would have controlled 57percent of the broadband internet market and 30 percent of the paid tv market with more than 27million customers across the nation . on wednesday night , the wall street journal revealed that federal communications commission regulators questioned whether the creation of mega-size tv and internet provider was in the public interest . staffers reportedly planned to recommend that an administrative law judge review the deal - a regulatory obstacle that is likely to cost both companies several months of hearings and many millions of dollars . the hearings were likely to draw the companies past the merger deadline , at the very least . columbia university professor and net neutrality activist tim wu tweeted : ' comcast merger is dead . ' cnn 's brian stelter reports that some inside the companies were talking about the deal in the past tense almost immediately after the fcc decision . combining the no . 1 and no . 2 u.s. cable companies would put nearly 30 percent of tv and about 55 percent of broadband subscribers under one roof . that would give the resulting behemoth unprecedented power over what americans watch and download . that has had competitors , consumer groups , and senators lining up to oppose the deal . time warner cable 's shares dipped slightly in trading on thursday - though comcast stocks were actually up after the news . ' this is one of those deals where the opponents of the merger have been one of the most vocal i can remember , ' said s & p capital iq tuna amobi . one concern , for example , is that the company could undermine the streaming video industry by requiring onerous payments from new online-only video providers for connecting to its network . dish , the satellite tv company behind the new web video service sling tv , and netflix are opposed to the deal . another charge is that comcast has n't stuck to conditions imposed on it when it bought nbcuniversal . the company says it has , except for one circumstance when the fcc found it was n't promoting a stand-alone internet service . comcast says it fixed that . pushback against the merger has picked up in the last couple weeks . al franken , d-minn. , along with five other democratic senators and bernie sanders , i-vermont , this week urged the federal communications commission and the department of justice to block the merger , saying it would lead to higher prices and fewer choices . recent media reports suggested that regulators are n't going to approve it . on friday , bloomberg , citing unidentified people , said department of justice staff attorneys were leaning against the deal . the wall street journal on wednesday said , also citing unidentified people , said that fcc staff recommended that the merger review go to a hearing under an administrative law judge , although no final decision had been made . the fcc would send the deal to a judge if it did n't believe it serves the public interest . the company has the right to present its case to the judge . but a trial could take months and even then a decision could be appealed to the fcc . ' it 's a dead end for comcast , ' said rob mcdowell , a former fcc commissioner . the justice department declined to comment . the fcc declined to comment and spokesman neil grace said the review is ongoing . comcast spokeswoman sena fitzmaurice confirmed that company executives met wednesday with justice department and fcc officials . but she would not comment on what occurred during the meetings or what other conversations the company is having with regulators . if the comcast-time warner cable deal falls through , a transaction with charter communications inc. aimed to smoothing the way for regulatory approval also falls apart . charter 's bid for bright house networks , which it announced in march , could also be killed . many analysts expect that charter , which lost out on its bid for time warner cable to comcast , to resurrect its effort if comcast is rebuffed . ' other cable deals that do n't involve comcast might be allowed to go through , ' mcdowell said . there ' seems to be an antipathy towards comcast at the fcc ' because the agency thinks comcast did n't stick to the conditions of the nbcuniversal merger , he said . a combined charter and time warner cable would have 15 million video customers and 16.5 million internet customers . that 's still smaller than comcast alone , which has 22.4 million video subscribers and 22 million internet customers . comcast wanted time warner cable to bulk up on subscribers as it deals with old rivals dish , directv and verizon 's fios , as well as newer , cheaper online competitors like netflix . the company had also said the deal would help it cut costs , including for programming — the shows and movies it pipes to subscribers . but comcast may have to look overseas for future acquisitions . ' washington 's concern here is excessive control of broadband in the hands of a single company , ' wrote analyst craig moffett in a client email . ' for all intents and purposes , their m & a ambitions would be on ice in the u.s . ' read more : http : //www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-3052969/reports-say-comcast-plans-drop-45b-time-warner-cable-bid.html # ixzz3yakxsfyl follow us : @ mailonline on twitter | dailymail on facebook . 