an artist who turns dead animals into unique works of art has recently come under fire for his bizzare sculptures . sean crawford , from carterton , new zealand , said he picked up his distinctive style after his family taught him about hunting and taxidermy on the farm he grew up on . ‘ taxidermy was a big part of my culture , ’ he told daily mail australia . ‘ as a kid you would watch the eyes following you around the room and i think that became a bit of a fascination for me , you know , capturing the animal in a precise moment , almost frozen in time . ’ scroll down for video . former plumber sean crawford made a splash at the australian traffic jam gallery with his taxidermy sculptures . after producing works without taxidermy , he decided he wanted to add a more ' natural ' layer to his work . he said he can understand why some people find his work ' a bit ungodly’ , but in his opinion , there is nothing worse than ‘ art that does n't affect you at all . ’ while some religious folk have taken issue with the fact mr crawford is ' manipulating the animal ' by using animal parts in his work , he maintains that he’s only used parts that would have otherwise gone to waste . ‘ we don’t really select the animals . they are a product of hunting for meat or pest control . ’ he said he can understand why some people find his work ' a bit ungodly’ , but in his opinion , there is nothing worse than ‘ art that does n't affect you at all . ’ ‘it’s one of those things that people either like or they don’t , ’ he said . mr crawford said he’s been influenced by gothic revival architecture and literature that dealt with themes of being dismantled and put back together . taxidermy : ‘it’s one of those things that people either like or they don’t’ . mr crawford has three animal sculptures currently on display at traffic jam galleries at neutral bay on sydney 's lower north shore . sean crawford said his interest in taxidermy started at a very young age as he watched his family hunt on their farm . he chose a running rabbit , a standing rabbit and a small bird enclosed in a metal cage for the australian exhibition called ' untitled ' . the bird is intact while the rabbit sculptures only feature half the animal with mr crawford expertly manipulating steel beams to make the sculpture whole . he said he spends a lot of time studying the anatomy and posture of each animal to make sure his ' twist ' on classical sculpting is as authentic as possible . ‘ i am building the surface , not out of stone , but through an accurate mapping of the rest of the animal , ’ he said . mr crawford said he’s been influenced by gothic revival architecture and literature , like frankenstein or dr jekyll and mr hyde , that dealt with themes of being dismantled and put back together . he said using animals has let him add another ‘natural’ layer to his steel structures . mr crawford travelled to sydney from his new zealand home to personally deliver three of his controversial sculptures , where he said he got ‘ quite a reaction’ on opening night . mr crawford said he spends a lot of time studying the anatomy and posture of each animal to make sure his ' twist ' on classical sculpting is as authentic as possible . ‘ i am building the surface , not out of stone , but through an accurate mapping of the rest of the animal’ . sotiris sotiriou , a curator at traffic jam galleries , said his clients have had a great response to the unique ‘ amalgam of sculpture and taxidermy’ . ‘ to be honest all of our clients have quite enjoyed it , people can be grossed out a bit but i think they are more interested in the end . ’ he said once museum visitors learned that the animals were n't killed for art , they were much more accepting of the animal and steel hybrids . in his most recent work , mr crawford was commissioned to build the cloak of remembrance for anzac day , which will be unveiled on april 25 at the new zealand embassy in washington . mr crawford has been commissioned to build the cloak of remembrance for anzac day , which will be unveiled on april 25 at the new zealand embassy in washington . mr crawford uses animals that have been killed during hunting for meat or pest control . ‘ to be honest all of our clients have quite enjoyed it , people can be grossed out a bit but i think they are more interested in the end . ’ 