first this dog helped do the dishes , now he 's been trained to use the toilet - and even puts the lid down once he 's finished . baron the german shepherd was captured in a video using the toilet after he began learning the impressive skill a few weeks ago . in the footage , the five-month-old pup enters the bathroom and lifts up the toilet seat . he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself . once he 's finished , he puts down both the toilet seat and flushes before running out . viewers ' reactions of the video , which to date has been viewed more than 16,400,000 times , mostly included that baron did the job better than most men . one viewer wrote : ' he could teach a few men some tricks . even puts the lid down ! ! ' another wrote : ' i want to live with him , he puts the toilet seat down ! ! ! ! ! ! ' baron was filmed using the toilet as he entered the bathroom and lifted up the toilet seat . he then climbs up balancing his paws on the raised seat cover as he holds himself up and hovers over the toilet while relieving himself . once he 's finished , the five-month-old pup politely puts the toilet seats down . baron then he goes to the left side of the toilet , climbing up to flush before running out . baron was professionally trained at the hillcountry k9 school . two weeks ago his trainer shared a picture of him in the bathroom on his instagram account as they began training . ' working on a new video today ... wana take a guess what we are doing ! ! ' the post read . ' he 's even got some eye candy up there . ' earlier this month , baron was seen in footage helping with some housework as he reached up and grabbed rinsed goods between his teeth from the sink , before he loaded them into the dishwasher at home in california . other videos show the pup breaking a sweat as he helps his trainer workout as he performs a range of moves , including aerobic step exercises and lunges . he also helpins with recycling .