a washington state lawmaker has proposed the idea of connecting two cities on the puget sound with a military tribute bridge made of retired united states navy aircraft carriers . representative jesse young wants to use two or three carriers to link bremerton and port orchard across the sinclair inlet . a proposal put forth by young which would use money from the state 's highway budget to fund a feasibility study about the bridge passed in the washington house on thursday . the idea is intriguing because the us navy is storing three retired carriers just a few hundred yards from the proposed site of the bridge . this 2012 shot of the puget sound shipyard shows two potential bridge parts , the uss independence and the uss kitty hawk . there are currently three retired carriers parked at the shipyard - ( left the right ) the independence , the kitty hawk and the constellation . the ranger ( farthest right ) has recently been towed to texas to be cut into salvage . state representative jesses young wants to use two or three carriers as a bridge across sinclair inlet . three carriers are stacked end-to-end in the graphic and the four mothballed carriers can be seen to the right . a navy spokesman said the uss independence and the uss kitty hawk are not ' currently available . ' they are in the navy 's ' reserve fleet ' and could potentially be brought back into service if need arises . young wants to either use three carriers connected end-to-end or two connected carriers with ramps on either side , kuow reported . state representative jesse young has attempted to secure $ 90,000 to study the aircraft carrier bridge . he said : ' i know that people from around the world would come to drive across the deck of an aircraft carrier bridge , number one . ' number two , it 's the right thing to do from my standpoint because this is giving a testimony and a legacy memorial to our greatest generation . ' the two carriers young was thinking would work for the project are housed in the puget sound navy yard . the distance across the inlet is less than seven tenths of a mile - 3,700 feet . the uss independence uss kitty hawk are both 1,070 feet long . the uss constellation , which is also at the nearby navy base , is 1,080 feet long . unfortunately , a navy spokesman said the uss independence and the uss kitty hawk are not ' currently available ' . young 's spokesman kevin shutty said the bridge would relieve pressure in the ' bottleneck area ' , maritime executive reported . he said : ' this would definitely be a unique way to tackle some of those problems , but at the same time it would serve as a floating memorial to veterans and the sacrifice they have given to our country . ' it 's a novel concept . ' i think there 's a lot of public support at least for exploring the idea . ' young 's spokesman kevin shutty said : ' i think there 's a lot of public support at least for exploring the idea ' . the $ 90,000 feasibility study has a deadline of december 1 for submission back to the state legislature . according to the test of the budget proposal : ' $ 90,000 of the motor vehicle account—state appropriation is for a study of the feasibility of constructing a military tribute bridge that spans sinclair inlet and that incorporates one or more decommissioned aircraft carriers . ' as a part of this study , the joint transportation committee must : ( i ) determine the cost and process associated with the state 's acquisition of a decommissioned aircraft carrier ; and ( ii ) identify potential engineering options for incorporating decommissioned aircraft carriers into a bridge . a report on the study must be submitted to the transportation committees of the legislature by december 1 , 2015 . '