two maryland parents whose hands-off 'free-range ' parenting got their children picked up by police yet again on sunday are now vowing to file a lawsuit . danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their son rafi , 10 , and daughter dvora , 6 , roam free in their suburban neighborhood . but the meitivs , both of them scientists , say authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up rafi and dvora and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents . picked up : officials seized dvora , 6 , ( far left ) and 10-year-old rafi ( left , blue hat ) on sunday in a maryland park . the parents danielle and alexander meitiv ( right ) have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours . attorney matthew dowd , of the firm wiley rein , is representing the meitivs and on tuesday sent a ointed letter regarding sunday 's events . rein wrote : ' the actions of maryland cps and montgomery county police violate the fundamental rights parents have in raising their children . ' this fundamental , constitutional right of parents can not be infringed simply because certain governmental employees disagree with a parent’s reasoned decision on how to raise his or her children . ' the firm declined to say who the suit would be against , exactly , when asked by the washington post . however , the attorney has vowed to pursue ' all legal remedies ' to protect the rights of the maryland parents . the meitivs made headlines just before christmas when police found rafi and dvora walking the sidewalk on their own . picked up again : the meitivs say they were left to panic for hours by cps workers after their children -- who they raise with a so-called 'free-range ' approach -- were picked up by police for the second time in two months while walking down the street alone . ' besides the policeman pulling up ... no ' : asked if he was scared during the hours-long ordeal sunday , 10-year-old rafi admitted he was , but not because he 'd been left alone with his sister . free-range parenting is the name given to a style of raising kids in opposition to so-called ' helicopter parenting ' . ' helicopter parents ' are named for their habit of hovering over their offspring , micro-managing their lives in an attempt to keep them safe . however critics believe this creates under-confident , over-reliant children , while also causing the parents stress . free-range parents advocate a more hands-off approach , where children are allowed to go out and experience the world on their own . instead of constantly monitoring activities to make sure children are safe , the emphasis is put on adults assessing risk ahead of time , and equipping children with the skills to deal with danger themselves . on sunday , a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home . the children were picked up by police , who say they followed protocol by turning them over to cps . meanwhile , mrs meitiv tells fox 5 dc that cps workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe . what 's more , the elder child , rafi , insists the scariest part of the hours-long ordeal was being picked up by police . ‘ they kept the kids for hours , ’ a shaken danielle meitiv told fox 5 after being reunited with them . ‘it’s 10:30 at night . they’ve been missing since 6 o’clock…somebody called 911 and the police called cps and they decided to bring the kids here and they didn’t call us . ’ according to mrs. meitiv , the children were expected home no later than 6:30 . when 6:30 came and went , they became frantic . they would not receive a call from cps until 8pm . even then , they say they were n't reunited with their children or even told where they were for hours . in the interim , rafi tells fox 5 that initially he believed the responding police officer was simply offering them a lift . rafi said : ‘ the policeman said “we’ll give you a ride home” when we were like two blocks away . and two and a half hours later , after sitting in the car two and a half hours , he said “i’ll bring you home” and , instead , he brought us here . ’ ' here ' was child protective services , rafi said . and as he and his sister sat waiting to go home , their parents say ' upper management ' at cps was involved in keeping that from happening . only at 10:30pm did mrs. meitiv say she was reunited with her children and only after promising not to let them off the leash . parenting style : the meitivs believe in giving children an unusual amount of independence from a young age . guarantees : as part of their free-range parenting philosophy , the meitivs make sure their children carry these badges in case someone worries and asks while they are out on the street . ‘ they made us sign a safety plan that says we will not leave them attended at all until they follow up , ' and i’m not gon na risk my kids being snatched again like this by cps . ' when questioned , the meitivs say they believe in a so-called 'free-range ' approach to parenting , which encourages independence from infancy . in march , the cps found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone . it meant the agency would start a file on the family 's activities and whereabouts for at least five years . the meitivs hit back at the ruling , insisting they would continue to bring up their own children as they see fit - whatever the consequences . unsubstantiated child neglect is not a criminal charge , but is in most cases a prelude to such charges . it usually comes when the cps has deemed parents to have neglected their children , but has insufficient information or witnesses to press charges or take action . 