wojciech szczesny must use his current spell out of the arsenal side as a catalyst to come back a stronger goalkeeper , according to former club legend david seaman . szczesny has found himself demoted to the substitutes ' bench in recent months due to a combination of poor performances and the form of david ospina since the new year . gunners boss arsene wenger has benefited from competition for places brought by the £3.2 million signing of colombian ospina from nice last summer , as eight consecutive wins have lifted his side to second in the premier league . wojciech szczesny has n't played a premier league game since the 2-0 defeat to southampton in january . david ospina boasts the highest win ratio of any premier league player to make more than 10 appearances . szczesny is expected to line up in goal for arsenal in saturday 's fa cup semi-final against reading at wembley , and seaman believes the poland international can make the number one jersey his own once more . ' with wojciech , it must be hard for him now to be number two , coming off the back of a season where he was a regular and had been playing at his best , but it is totally just because he had a couple of bad mistakes and ospina has gone in and done his stuff , ' seaman said . ' either of them could be arsenal 's number one , it is about who is on form - and if ospina keeps his form , then he is going to stay there . ' former arsenal goalkeeper david seaman was speaking as an ambassador for the ' know the score ' campaign against bowel cancer to press association sport . szczesny compounded his indifferent on-field performances by being caught smoking in the showers after defeat at southampton on new year 's day - the last time the 24-year-old started a league game for the north londoners . but seaman has every faith in the 6ft 5in deposed keeper , believing that if szczesny takes the positives from a spell on the sidelines , he can emerge a far better goalkeeper in the years to come . the 51-year-old continued : ' it is not a difficult situation , but it keeps you on your toes to know that there is quality behind you . ' it is not just the games which make you play better , it is the training . ' the goalkeepers train together , and you see the other guy , you think `` i want to be better than him '' or `` i am going to show him how good i am '' . that is day to day and is good because it brings the best out of you and tests you , so you become a better goalkeeper . ' david seaman is a former english goalkeeper who joined arsenal from queens park rangers in 1990 for £1.3m , a then british record transfer fee for a goalkeeper . he spent 13 seasons at the gunners , winning the old first division championship and the premier league twice . seaman also won four fa cups , a league cup and the uefa cup winners ' cup during his time at highbury . in all , he made 564 appearances for the gunners between 1990 and 2003 , before joining manchester city on a free transfer . a return of 11 wins from 12 starts has turned ospina into a fans ' favourite at the emirates , but seaman is only too aware of how quickly things can change in football , and has urged szczesny to think carefully before making a decision on his future . ' wojciech has a big choice now , but he has still got loads of time , i did not join arsenal until i was 26 , ' said seaman , who left arsenal for manchester city in 2003 after leading the gunners to fa cup glory over southampton at the millennium stadium . ' it is about how he reacts , and what does the player want - does he want to play as a number one ? or is he happy being at a big club as a number two ? ' it is all about his ambition . if he wants to be a number one somewhere , then how long is he going to have to wait ? ' but if he leaves arsenal , then it wo n't be the same level , because it is not until after they go , that all these guys realise how good arsenal is . ' when did ospina join arsenal ? arsenal signed ospina from ligue 1 side nice last summer . the 26-year-old made close to 200 appearances for the french club during six seasons . how much did arsenal pay for him ? originally signed as back-up and competition for wojciech szczesny after the gunners no 2 lukasz fabianski joined swansea , ospina cost a paltry £3million . is he of international calibre ? ospina had won 52 caps for colombia and impressed during their run to the world cup quarter-final in brazil last summer . when did ospina make his first appearance for arsenal ? ospina made his debut for arsenal in a 2-1 defeat by southampton in the third round of the capital one cup back in september and only made one further appearance in the champions league before 2015 . when did he displace wojciech szczesny as no 1 ? ospina was recalled to the starting line-up as arsenal beat hull 2-0 in the fa cup third round in january after szczesny was at fault for both goals during a 2-0 defeat by southampton . it later emerged that the poland goalkeeper was caught smoking in the showers after the game . ospina kept his place for the league game the following week and has played every premier league match since . did you know ... ospina is brother-in-law to real madrid midfielder and colombia team-mate james rodriguez . the former monaco star married ospina 's sister daniela in 2011 .