anyone who has witnessed a game of hockey or netball might disagree , but men really are more competitive than women , according to a new study . researchers have discovered that male athletes are more driven by the desire to beat the competition than female athletes . sportswomen tend to be more committed to aspects of their lives outside sport - such as their academic studies - than their male counterparts , the researchers say . the researchers found that male 5,000 metre runners are more competitive than women . great britain 's mo farah is pictured above running to victory in the european athletics championships in helsinki , finland . this may explain why boys are often seen as being more competitive . however , the researchers say that there can be a great deal of individual variability with some women actually showing greater competitive drive than most male athletes . many reasons have been suggested to explain why women remain poorly represented in senior positions at large companies . now , a new study may shed light on workplace dynamics , by claiming that while men enjoy competition in the office , women like to be part of a team . the results suggest than men have a dimmer view of their colleagues’ ability than women and were therefore more keen on competing to be rewarded for their own work , rather than that of a team’s . researchers from cnrs-gate in lyon and the university of california , analysed the behaviour of both sexes when the study participants were asked to choose between being paid on their individual performance or as part of a team . they found that less than 11 per cent of men opted for team payment , in comparison to 44 per cent of women . these individuals tend to be far less common in women 's sport , they said . the study could have implications for other areas outside sport , such as in the workplace where greater gender diversity could bring advantages . professor robert deaner , a psychologist at grand valley state university in michigan , said they studied elite runners because it is a sport that is equally popular among men and women and there is no disparity in prize money . he said : ' of course , we need to be careful not to assume that our running results will generalise to all sports or all domains outside of sports . ' nevertheless , our findings do echo those from other studies , which show that even when men and women hold the same selective jobs , men are more likely to prioritize competing for recognition and status , while women have more communal orientations . ' the researchers , whose study is published in the journal peerj , assessed the competitiveness of 1,147 long distance runners competing in the 5,000 metres in the us national collegiate athletic association . they surveyed each runners motivation for participating , their training volume and their desire to compete at an elite level after college . us tennis player john mcenroe ( above ) was notorious for letting his competitiveness get the better of him . the study found that male long distance runners , like mo farrah ( left ) , are more competitive than women , but there are some women , like paula radcliffe on the right , who are arguably more competitive than the men . they also compared runners who were competing ncaa 's division 1 , division 2 and division 3 . the researchers found that men were far more competitive at all levels than female runners . the sex difference in competitiveness was also just as large in the fastest runners in division 1 compared to the slower ones in division 3 . professor deaner said : ' by social science standards , the difference we found - men and women differing by about half a standard deviation on competitiveness measures - is moderate to large . ' but this kind of a difference still means that many of the female runners are more competitive than many of the male runners . ' writing in the journal the researchers added : ' women did report greater commitment than men to their academic studies , suggesting a sex difference in priorities . ' therefore , policies aiming to provide men and women with equal opportunities to flourish should acknowledge that sex differences in some kinds of preferences and motivation may persist even in selective sub-populations . ' serena williams is known for her intensely competitive attitude , playing through injury and destroying raquets . 