this is the hero passenger who saved an elderly man who slipped and fell onto electrified subway tracks . charles collins , 28 , sprang into action at the metro station in central philadelphia when elderly alfred mcnamee lost his footing and fell onto the rails . surveillance footage of the dramatic incident shows collins , who was walking ahead of mcnamee , turn round when he hears him fall . he walks to the edge of the platform of the septa ( southeastern pennsylvania transportation authority ) subway 's 15th street station , jumps down and helps mcnamee to escape . savior : charles collins is pictured above with alfred mcnamee , whom he rescued after he slipped from a subway platform in philadelphia . slip : alfred mcnamee is pictured left falling off the platform at the 15th st station on the septa metro system in philadelphia . his rescuer , charles collins , is seen in the center of the footage with his back turned and a newspaper in his jeans pocket . to the rescue : after he realized that mcnamee had fallen , collins jumped onto the tracks after him . collins stepped forward to speak about his actions as footage of the rescue was broadcast on tv screens and online across the nation . but despite the widespread praise for his actions , he put it all down to ' instinct ' and denied that he is a hero . mcnamee was badly hurt by the fall . he broke his back and several ribs , shattered a kneecap and damaged his spleen - but managed to get away with his life . according to local tv station wpvi , collins went to visit mcnamee in hospital the day after the rescue . heave : other commuters can be seen to the left pulling mcnamee to safety . hero 's return : collins was pulled from the dangerous tracks - which have an electrified third rail - just after mcnamee . the incident took place around 6:30pm on wednesday - at which time schedules for the market-frankford line say a train arrives around every eight minutes . speaking to wpvi , collins said : ' i just saw him and jumped down ... just instincts ' . he also insisted that he 's ' not a hero ' . collins hurt his leg during the rescue , but it was only a minor wound . septa officials commended collins 's bravery , but said that others should n't copy him . the best thing to do instead , a rail service spokesman said , is to alert the station 's cashier , who will be able to stop any incoming trains and dispatch a rescuer .