a kansas mother who uses marijuana to treat a debilitating disease has lost custody of her 11-year-old son at least temporarily and could face possible charges following comments the boy made during an anti-drug education program at school . the case of shona banda , 37 , was forwarded on monday to the finney county district attorney 's office for a decision about charges , garden city police capt . randy ralston said . possible charges include possession of marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangerment . no arrests have been made . medical marijuana activist shona banda , 37 , has said she will continue to fight for custody of her 11-year-old son after kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody . the divorced garden city mother said she did not get custody of her son back following a hearing on monday in finney county district court , after kansas authorities had placed the boy into protective custody . ' that 's ok — i am not giving up , ' banda said . ' i will , i will get him and i am not going to stop until i do . ' banda , a motivational speaker and author on the medical marijuana issue , has been at the center of a social media storm after she went public with her story . several supporters rallied on monday at a park near the courthouse . ' it is a hot topic all across the united states , ' ralston said of the social media attention . ' it does n't surprise me . ' banda is the author of a book ' live free or die : reclaim your life . . . reclaim your country ! ' that recounts her use of a concentrated cannabis oil to treat crohn 's disease . a gag order has since been issued in the custody case , banda said . banda wrote a book that detailed how she used cannabis oil to treat her debilitating crohn 's disease . police asked to enter the activist 's house ( pictured ) , but she denied them entry until they arrived with a warrant . banda 's legal problems began on march 24 when police were called to her son 's school for a child welfare check following a drug and alcohol presentation . investigators allege the boy told school officials that his mother and other adults in his home were avid drug users and that there was a lot of drug use occurring at the home . banda refused to allow officers to search the home , and police stayed at the scene and denied her entry to it until they could obtain a search warrant . a search subsequently found about 1¼ pounds of marijuana and a lab for manufacturing cannabis oil on the kitchen table and counters , drug paraphernalia and other related items , police said . authorities said the items were within easy reach of the child . video posted on youtube shows the officers standing in her backyard ( left ) and denying banda entry into her home ( right ) because she may have disturbed evidence . ' the most important thing here is the child 's well-being , ' ralston said . ' that is why it is a priority for us , just because of the danger to the child . ' authorities took the boy into protective custody and placed him with his father , ralston said . but when the boy ended back with his mother again , authorities then took the boy back into protective custody . ' for him to have spoken up in class i ca n't be upset about because he hears me daily on the phone talking with people , encouraging people to speak up and speak out , ' she told ben swann of her son . a go fund me page has raised more than $ 28,000 for banda 's legal defense . fifty-three percent of americans now say the use of marijuana should be legal , an all-time high in cbs news polling ; 43 percent think it should not be legal .  