a man has died after a ride-on lawnmower he was using overturned into a farmhouse pond and trapped him underneath . the man , who has been named locally as 62-year-old richard clements , is believed to have been mowing grass outside his property in wattisham , suffolk , when the machine toppled down a bank into the water and trapped him . his family managed to drag him from the pond and made frantic efforts to save him but he was pronounced dead at the scene . a man , in his 60s , has died after the ride-on lawnmower he was using to cut the grass at a farmhouse property in wattisham , suffolk , overturned into a pond . pictured : an air ambulance at the scene yesterday . friends today told of their shock at the incident , which occurred in the quiet village just before 5.15pm yesterday . peter mead , the secretary of stowmarket meadlands recreation club which mr clements had been chairman of for around 30 years , said they grew up together . the 70-year-old from cotton , suffolk , said : ' i heard about it last night it was a complete shock . i have been told that he was riding a lawnmower and it went into the pond . i do n't know much more about how it happened . ' but knowing the sort of person richard was i am not surprised . he was a very hands on guy and would do that kind of work . ' we used to play football together and we used to work together at imperial chemical industries ( ici ) . i worked in the sales office he was a chemist and then a waste environmental manager before he retired about three of four years ago . ' he was just a really nice bloke . the club used to be part of ici but we wanted to make it independent and richard was heavily involved on that . ' he did so much for the club , he 's really going to be missed . he 's left us in a bit of a pickle really . ' liam cracknell , 47 , a lorry driver , who lives on the same street as mr clements , said : ' i heard about it this morning , it 's really sad . ' i think the whole village will be shocked about it . ' i heard he drowned after the piece of machinery fell on top of him . ' obviously it 's very , very sad you do n't wish that on anybody , but this is n't the first time we have had something like this happen . ' a couple of years ago we had a mam die in a pond and we had a young girl die in a bath after she had an epileptic fit . ' that 's three drownings in one village which is the really strange . obviously they are not connected but it 's a very strange coincidence . ' the incident occurred at about 5.15pm yesterday in the rural suffolk village of wattisham ( above ) . police said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding the death and a file is being prepared for the coroner . another neighbour , who did n't want to be named , added : ' i was here at the time and i saw all the ambulance and fire engines . ' it 's a real shock to hear what actually happened . i knew him to say hello to he seemed like a really nice bloke . he was very well known round here and really liked . it 's such a shame . ' east of england ambulance service said mr clements suffered a heart attack and , despite the best efforts of emergency services , died at the scene . suffolk police was unable to confirm whether he lived at the rural farmhouse but said he was n't a contracted worker brought in to maintain the land . the force said there were no suspicious circumstances surrounding his death and said a file was being prepared for the coroner . a spokesman said : ' police were called to address in bildeston road at wattisham around 5.15pm yesterday to reports that a ride-on lawnmower was upside down in a pond in a private garden . ' a man , believed to be in his 60s , who had been driving the lawnmower was pulled from the vehicle and attempts were made to resuscitate him , however he was pronounced deceased at the scene . ' an air ambulance and hazardous response team were sent to the incident . the tragic incident comes just two years after a man died in similar circumstances in the rural village . michael bradwel , 52 , was working to restore a farmhouse in the village in may 2013 and died after being found unconscious in a pond within the grounds of a property .