nico rosberg fears the threat from ferrari in this weekend 's bahrain grand prix , describing their pace as ' dangerous ' and ' worrying ' . following friday practice , in particular the evening session under the lights at the bahrain international circuit , mercedes appeared comfortable . rosberg topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs , finishing 0.115secs quicker than team-mate lewis hamilton after the reigning champion locked up in the second sector , costing him four tenths of a second . nico rosberg has admitted he 's wary of the threat rivals ferrari pose ahead of sunday 's bahrain grand prix . the mercedes driver was complimentary of ferrari and described their pace as ' dangerous ' and ' worrying ' . ferrari duo kimi raikkonen and sebastian vettel finished third and fourth quickest , just over half a second adrift of rosberg . yet the 29-year-old german , who trails hamilton by 17 points in the drivers ' standings , is deeply concerned by ferrari from what he witnessed over the course of the two 90-minute sessions . ' we are very quick on one lap again , and ferrari are very dangerous on the long run , ' said rosberg . ' they have serious pace , which is very worrying . it looks like they are a genuine threat . ' in qualifying we are much quicker , but in the race they are quick . ' tyre wise , it is pretty straightforward , with both tyres ( the soft and medium-compound pirellis ) quite robust . it is just the absolute pace which is important . ' rosberg ( left ) trails team-mate lewis hamilton by 17 points in the drivers ' standings ahead of sunday 's race . barring mistakes it appears another mercedes front-row lock-out is likely , with the ferrari 's occupying the second row , and from there a battle with strategy and pace . hamilton has also expressed concerns about ferrari as he said : ' they are going to be very close . they look very good , from what i can see , in the long run . ' the crucial part is we know we have speed in a qualifying lap , so it 's more the speed on the race runs . ' that 's an area we 're really trying to work on , but other than that the car has been feeling very good , i 'm really happy with it . ' but the 29-year-old topped the timesheet with a lap of one minute 34.647secs during friday practice . vettel , 13 points adrift of hamilton , endured a disruptive day as a loss of power compromised fp1 , whilst a collision with sergio perez in his force india hampered fp2 . mclaren 's jenson button also suffered a wretched day with technical issues in both sessions , resulting in a lack of running that left him down in 19th position , 4.5 seconds behind rosberg and sandwiched between manor duo will stevens and roberto merhi . saturday could be problematic for all , though , as a sandstorm has been forecast to hit the area at some point during the day .