a chinese villager who was desperate to become a grandfather has been arrested for buying a wife for his son , then reselling her to another family after realising she was infertile . the man , known only as xu , even tried to impregnate the 'daughter-in-law ' himself after discovering his son had not slept with his wife a single time . xu is currently under arrest for human trafficking by the police of lianyungang city in eastern china , according to the people 's daily online . desperate for a grandchild , xu ( pictured ) bought a wife for his son , who has learning difficulties . xu and his son live outside yancheng , a city of 1.6 million in eastern china . hoping for a grandchild to carry on the bloodline , he spent 12,000 yuan ( £1,311 ) purchasing a wife for his son , who has learning difficulties , through a middleman at the beginning of 2014 . it 's reported that the young bride , known only as wang , is also mentally impaired . six months after wang ' married ' into the family , xu discovered that the young couple had not slept together at all . desperate to have a ' grandson ' , xu decided to have sex with her himself . after spending six months trying to get wang pregnant , he realised that the young bride was likely to be infertile . the wife ( pictured ) , known as wang , was resold to another family after failing to get pregnant . worrying that wang , whose mental health was getting worse , might be a drain to the family without ' any concrete contribution ' , xu sold her off to another family through a middleman in his village for 10,000 yuan ( £1,093 ) . the astonishing incident only emerged after a regular home visit by the community policemen at guanyun county . the local policemen discovered the incident while paying a visit to the family who bought wang from xu . ' we asked her ( wang ) name and age , but she could n't answer , ' said gao ming , a policeman at guanyun county police station . this put gao and his colleagues on alert and it took them two weeks to find out how wang had been trafficked into the village . ' the whole thing is pathetic and detestable , ' said guo jialun , head of the guanyun county police station . the police is currently trying to track down wang 's real family .