former captain of the fictional star trek enterprise , william shatner has proposed a radical method to solve california’s ongoing drought disaster . he is planning to run a kickstarter campaign and is hoping to raise $ 30 billion ( £20 billion ) to build a pipeline from seattle to bring water to the state . but the proposal to build a pipeline hundreds of miles long has been declared ' highly illogical ' by some experts . scroll down for video . former captain of the fictional star trek enterprise , william shatner ( pictured ) has revealed radical proposals in an interview with yahoo news . he wants to build a 4ft-wide pipeline from seattle down to california to transport water and solve the state 's ongoing drought problem . he revealed the crowdfunding campaign in an interview with david pogue from yahoo news . mr shatner likened his project to a similar pipeline in alaska - with , in this case , the pipeline running from seattle to california down the i-5 highway . since the year 2000 , seven western states in the us has seen their driest periods in centuries : arizona , california , colorado , nevada , new mexico , utah and wyoming . and scientists in california have warned that the region may be experiencing a century-long 'mega-drought ' . the warnings came after sediment studies showed california is currently experiencing the driest spell since 1580 , and that the regular rainfall seen during the last century is likely to have been a temporary deviation in a cycle of droughts and very occasional rainfall over the last 3,000 years . in 2013 , california received less rain than in any year since its formation as a state in 1850 . and the last four years have seen the worst conditions , with the entire state of california now declared to be experiencing a drought . the pipeline would reportedly be used to fill one of the rapidly drying lakes in california . he said seattle was ‘ a place where there’s a lot of water’ - although its state , washington , is also experiencing a major drought . without going into specifics , mr shatner added he would need a ‘ large , four-foot pipeline’ above ground to keep enough water flowing . on his website though , shatner’s water , he is letting people suggest other ideas for what to do with the money - if the campaign is successful . if he doesn’t get the funding he requires , mr shatner says he will give the money he raises to a politician . however , kickstarter doesn’t allow campaigners to keep any money if they don’t reach their target , so mr shatner may need to use a site such as indiegogo instead , which does . the funding campaign has not yet launched and cynics have suggested that the proposal was tongue-in-cheek , or may have been a joke . on twitter , mr shatner responded to some of these comments by posting : ‘ i know i need experts and @ algore and @ elonmusk should be asked to weigh in and join the conversation , ’ he said . and responding to complaints that washington was also experiencing a severe drought , he said : ‘ i think [ washington ] folks are thinking i’m coming in with football field sized sponges in the middle of the night to steal their water . ’ the ongoing drought is one of california 's worst in history . the last four years have seen the worst conditions , with the entire state of california now declared to be experiencing a drought said the us department of agriculture . this graphic shows the areas that have been hit the worst . without going into specifics , mr shatner said he would need a ‘ large , four-foot pipeline’ above ground to keep enough water flowing . on his website shatner’s water , he is also letting people suggest other ideas for what to do with the money - if the campaign is successful . one of the alternative proposals is pictured . california has had to drastically cut back on water use to deal with the four-year drought that continues to cause devastation . but the washington department of ecology spokesman dan partridge said that mr shatner’s plan was not necessarily the solution they needed . ‘ frankly we found it highly illogical , to put it in “ star trek” terms , ’ he said . ‘ this would involve so many obstacles , so many hurdles that it would have to overcome to become reality . ‘ namely the water of washington state , you have to acquire a number of rights to use that water and we would not be approving transfer of a huge volume of water out of our state at this point in time when we have a drought of our own to deal with . ’ bone dry : a californian farmer is pictured surveying his drought-hit land in san luis obispo county .