kelli jo bauer , is accused of stealing more than $ 100,000 worth of women 's clothing and selling these goods out of her nearly $ 1 million home . a woman has been accused of stealing more than $ 100,000 worth of women 's clothing which she then advertised on facebook to sell from her plush mansion . kelli jo bauer , 45 , was arrested at her kansas city home after undercover officers visited her and were allegedly shown dozens of clothes , many still with tags of them , that she was selling . bauer , who lives in a $ 900,000 home in overland park had advertised more than 1,000 items of high-end women 's clothing on facebook , including dozens of fake designer handbags . she has been accused of theft , according to documents filed in johnson county district court . bauer , who is on house arrest as a condition of bond , is accused of showing officers clothes — many with tags still on them — hanging on a rack and folded on a bed in an upstairs bedroom , according to the kansas city star . it is alleged that bauer told undercover officers there was more merchandise downstairs , including an ' armful ' of purses she showed them . bauer told the officers that she was selling the items because she was a ' compulsive shopper ' and had lost weight , the court documents said . the officers bought several items , including what bauer said was a fake louis vuitton bag for $ 50 . scroll down for video . detectives who began following bauer said they saw her stealing items from several stores . after her arrest , police spent two days searching her home and were seen removing several items in large black bags . officers are continuing to catalogue the items they seized . bauer was allegedly selling the designer goods from her sprawling mansion in overland park , kansas city . bauer was released on a $ 20,000 bond and ordered to stay out of retail stores . she was placed under house arrest , monitored by gps tracking . according to state records , bauer operates an online retail business named my retro baby . the site advertises everything from a $ 325 diaper bag to a $ 38 hooded baby robe . bower had apparently told the undercover officers she was selling the clothes because she had lost weight . during her first court appearance earlier this month , bauer was ordered to follow mental health recommendations , including taking prescribed medication . court records show bauer was charged in 2007 with stealing clothing and other merchandise from three stores within 72 hours and in 2013 with stealing clothing from a retailer . in the 2007 case , she pleaded guilty to two reduced charges of misdemeanor criminal deprivation of property and was placed on probation , according to court records . as a condition of probation , she was required to serve seven days in jail and receive mental health treatment , records show . she was again placed on probation after pleading guilty to a misdemeanor charge in the 2013 case .