manchester city will not compromise on quality in their search for homegrown players this summer . the proof that city have belief in english players was evident in monday night’s fa youth cup final where four of their starting line-up against chelsea were born in manchester . another two have lived there from a young age . manuel pellegrini looked on with interest at city’s academy stadium . yet , while those fledglings carry much promise for the future , the fallen premier league champions have a more immediate problem : they need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season to meet guidelines set out by the premier league and are in danger of losing at least four . manchester city will ask about raheem sterling 's availability even if liverpool are likely to refuse to sell . manuel pellegrini watched city 's academy in their fa youth cup final against chelsea on monday . the premier league champions are also interested in signing danny ings ( left ) and jay rodriguez ( right ) . frank lampard , scott sinclair and micah richards will all leave while richard wright is expected to follow , and james milner will decide his fate at the end of the season . dedryck boyata and john guidetti are also ready to move . milner’s issue is not about money but understood to be about how many games he starts . he has figured in 27 premier league matches this season but started just 14 . the possibility of him departing means city have had to redress their buying strategy . their track record of buying british has been questionable when you consider the impact made by jack rodwell , sinclair and adam johnson . further question marks have since been placed alongside recruitment decisions of last summer after city floundered in the champions league and the domestic competitions . indeed , the pressure is on all investments to make them a stronger champions league proposition . sporting director txiki begiristain wants paul pogba of juventus , kevin de bruyne from wolfsburg and took a flight to munich yesterday to watch porto attacker yacine brahimi and his team-mate alex sandro , a left back . they want young , hungry potentially world-class players but they also need at least some of them to be homegrown . ross barkley could be a city player next season but everton want at least £50m for the midfielder . club chiefs will not compromise on quality and they are also interested in foreign stars including paul pogba . for that reason , city have to ask about raheem sterling even if liverpool are likely to refuse to sell him . they have discussed signing burnley forward danny ings — even though he doesn’t want to be a peripheral figure — and jay rodriguez of southampton , who will soon be fit again . his clubmate james ward-prowse is another promising talent admired by city . everton’s ross barkley and john stones are others constantly mentioned but here lies city’s problem : everton would want at least £50million for barkley . it is a figure that has made city balk . as coach manuel pellegrini protested : ‘it’s important to have english players . can you sign them ? to improve this squad , you’re talking players you can’t get . either they don’t exist or clubs won’t sell . ’ the search will intensify once city finish the season but the task will only get tougher . fa chairman greg dyke said it was ‘depressing’ to see city win the premier league with just two englishmen in their side last year and intends to introduce stricter rules on homegrown players from 2016 . pellegrini , if he 's in charge next year , will need eight homegrown players for the first-team squad next season . james milner was one of six homegrown players on their squad list this year , but could leave in the summer . he wants to phase them in over four years but it would mean players , irrespective of nationality , will have to be with their club from 15 to qualify as homegrown ; the number of non-homegrown players in each 25-man squad is to be reduced from 17 to 13 and at least two homegrown players must be club-trained . under those guidelines , city’s gael clichy and dedryck boyata would no longer be classed as homegrown . ‘ i think it is important for big teams to bring in the best players , that is the most important thing , ’ said pellegrini . ‘ i think about the academy we must be patient . this club built all these things because young players are important . ‘ maybe it is not always easy for young players , especially in big teams , to play in the professional squad but i am sure in the future we will have important players to come from the academy and will be part of our squad . ’ while that wait goes on , city have no option but to put trust in their chequebook .