arsenal appear in high spirits ahead of hosting champions league qualification rivals liverpool on saturday afternoon . the gunners take on brendan rodgers ' side at the emirates , third in the premier league and six points clear of fifth-placed liverpool in the race for the top four . and in training ahead of the showdown , arsene wenger 's side managed to appear relatively relaxed ahead of such a vital contest . arsenal players target defender laurent koscielny ( centre ) with a friendly slap during training on friday at london colney . wenger must be in high spirits having seen his side win all six matches they played in march as the frenchman picked up the manager of the month award . free-scoring olivier giroud , who fired in six goals over the month , completed the double to pick up the player accolade . arsenal welcomed back jack wilshere , mikel arteta , mathieu debuchy and abou diaby to first-team training this week in a boost to their squad . the gunners boss was however concerned over forward theo walcott 's plummeting confidence after his disappointing run out for england in turin . wenger will have a heart-to-heart chat with walcott ahead of saturday 's crunch top-four clash . centre back per mertesacker ( centre ) takes his time getting back to his feet after a push from team-mate calum chambers . arsenal 's chilean forward alexis sanchez is all smiles in training as the gunners gear up to take on liverpool at the emirates . england international jack wilshere is back in training with the first team having been out since november with an ankle injury . spaniard santi cazorla ( left ) bursts into laughter while chambers searches for a pass during training exercises on friday . gunners forward theo walcott leaps into action during a training drill having played 55 minutes for england in turin on tuesday evening . brazilian centre back gabriel paulista performs a stretch as the arsenal squad limber up ahead of facing liverpool on saturday . with alex oxlade-chamberlain out of liverpool 's visit due to a hamstring strain , and danny welbeck a major doubt after sustaining a knee problem on international duty , walcott could start on saturday . but wenger said : ' yes , i 'm worried about theo 's confidence . he 's sensitive and i 'm a bit concerned about the damage that game can have on his mind . ' he 's not completely there yet ( after the injury ) . but being exposed like that , people have a harsh judgement on him that is not deserved because he does well . ' at the moment he is frustrated , but that is normal . i will speak with him , but i think he is strong enough . he is not fragile mentally , he is strong mentally but he is disappointed because when you come back from an injury you always think you are ready . arsenal manager arsene wenger has a word alone with german defender mertesacker as they prepare to host top-four rivals liverpool . sanchez was messing around with the cameramen at london colney , attempting to hide from the lenses . arsenal striker olivier giroud , who won march player of the month award , holds off a challenge from team-mate mikel arteta . england forward danny welbeck is back in training despite picking up a knock on international duty at wembley last week . meanwhile wenger was particularly coy over links to liverpool 's star raheem sterling . ' sterling is a top player , but i do n't want to get involved in that before a game , ' wenger told his news conference . ' that 's down to liverpool , i do n't want to interfere in that . it 's not my problem . i do not want to speak about any move . ' we are not in a transfer period , we are in front of a big game . i respect liverpool and i do not want to go into any supposed move for any of their players . ' sanchez looks on in arsenal training as wenger put his squad through their paces before saturday 's premier league contest . hector bellerin ( left ) keeps his eye on the ball as a returning mesut ozil passes to a team-mate on friday at london colney . the two top keepers at arsenal , wojciech szczesny ( left ) and david ospina walk out to take part in team training . arsenal 's in-form midfielder francis coquelin ( left ) attempts to dispossess england forward danny welbeck during training on friday .