the common ancestor of humans may have had tentacles , a scientist has claimed . organisms that lived in the sea 635 to 541 million years ago , from which humans and other animals evolved , likely had flexible appendages and a complex nervous system . it seemingly puts to bed another theory that suggests our ancestors were much more simple , worm-like creatures . a russian scientist says the distant ancestor of humans had tentacles . one such creature can be seen at the centre of this illustration . they lived more than 540 million years ago and used them for food . it 's likely they also had a complex nervous system like we do today . the latest research was conducted by dr elena temereva from the department of invertebrate zoology at the faculty of biology of the lomonosov moscow state university . today , humans and many other organisms are bilaterally symmetric - we have a clearly discernible top and bottom , and a left and a right . however , our distant ancestors hundreds of millions ago were not , with many of them thought to be worm-like creatures that swam in the seas or walked on the seafloor . a warming climate may have enabled the earliest humans to venture into western europe 1.4 million years ago , a new study suggests . researchers believe that the spread of our distant human ancestors , the hominins , had been halted by colder and drier temperatures . but as conditions warmed , they were able to branch out from africa into spain , and ultimately spread across europe . the research was led by dr jordi agusti from the catalan institution for research and advanced studies ( icrea ) . how we evolved into bilateral creatures , and what we evolved from , has been a cause of some debate . one theory suggests that our common bilaterian ancestor was a worm without appendages and just a simple nervous system . dr temereva’s research , though , favours a different theory . she says that our ancestors had appendages - or tentacles - that were used for movement and food collection . and , she says , they also had a complex nervous system . to come to her conclusion she studied lingula anatina , an ancient brachiopod found all over the world . lingula is one of the oldest brachiopods having survived to the present day , originating in the early ordovician era 500 million years ago . for that reason , and as it has hardly changed over geological time , it is often referred to as a ‘ living fossil’ of organisms in the distant past . today , humans and many other organisms are bilaterally symmetric ; we have a clearly discernible top and bottom , and a left and a right - such as depicted in da vinci 's the vitruvian man , shown left . dr elena temereva came to her conclusion by studying the ' living fossil ' lingula anatina , shown right . ‘ by virtue of the fact that there are tentacles among the two main taxons of bilaterally symmetrical animals , it is logical to assume that the common ancestor also had them , ’ said dr temereva . ‘ it means that the common ancestor of chordate animals [ such as mammals , fish and birds ] including people also had tentacles . ’ she said that , therefore , it could be assumed that our ancestors had tentacular appendages . it is hoped that this research will help to more accurately classify various species. # the results are published in the journal plos one .