a convicted california serial killer who went on a nine-day rampage that claimed the lives of four people has been denied parole and can not reapply for seven years . brett matthew paul thomas , now 56 , and his friend , mark titch , were convicted in 1977 after committing the murders during robbery or burglary attempts in orange county . thomas , who was 18 at the time , and titch , who was 17 , were both sentenced to life with the possibility of parole . titch died behind bars last year . scroll down for video . denied parole : brett matthew paul thomas ( pictured ) , who was 18 ( left ) at the time of his nine-day killing spree and who is now 56 ( right ) , was denied parole and can not reapply for seven years . took her family : lynette duncan waits before giving a statement for the denial of parole for brett thomas , one of two teenagers who murdered her father and sister 33 years ago . the two were neighbors at a stanton apartment complex that the police had dubbed ' the zoo ' because of the criminal activity there , city news service reported . their first victim was laura stoughton , 20 , who interrupted the pair on jan. 21 , 1977 , as they were breaking into her home . they abducted her and drove to an abandoned field , where titch shot her at close range with a stolen .22-caliber rifle . three days later , the two killed ephraim jacob christian , 35 , during a botched robbery at rockview dairy . five days after that , thomas and titch followed the owner of a billiards hall to his home with a plan to rob him . they gunned down aubrey duncan at his home , and then shot his 18-year-old daughter , denise , in the heart after her mother opened the door to find out what was going on . horrified : lynette duncan , one of the surviving daughters of aubrey duncan , still remembers telling her sister that her father and denise were dead , she said . duncan 's wife and two other daughters survived , as did an 11-year-old daughter who was at a neighbor 's house . police caught up with thomas and titch the following month in neighboring san bernardino county , where they were driving around in a stolen car . at a press conference before friday 's parole hearing , orange county district attorney tony rackauckas said thomas was ' a serial murderer who has not and can not reform . ' lynette duncan , one of the surviving daughters of aubrey duncan , still remembers telling her sister that her father and denise were dead , she said . ' that was the day she learned that the boogeyman was real and evil really did exist , and its name is brett thomas , ' duncan said , according to the orange county register . dead : mark titch ( pictured ) , who was 17 ( left ) at the time of the killing was sentenced to life with the possibility of parole but died behind bars last year at the age of 55 ( right ) . on friday , prosecutors and relatives of the victims headed to a san diego courthouse for the hearing to urge the parole board to grant a 15-year window before thomas can apply for parole . ' when you do this , you relive all the pain , it comes right out onto the page , ' duncan said on friday . ' then i 've got ta sit 15 feet from evil and be in the same room as evil ... it 's hard , ' she said . duncan said attending the parole hearing is not as hard as seeing her family 's murderer on the street . ' this is hard , but living with him out on the street is going to be a whole lot harder , ' lynette duncan said of brett matthew paul thomas . ' so i will continue to appear at every parole hearing until he dies or i do , ' duncan said as she joined prosecutors in court .