for eight weeks , the sight of a shirtless aidan turner swinging scythes and standing up to the nefarious warleggans has been getting the nation hot under the collar . now , less than 12 hours after poldark ended with a dramatic cliffhanger , disgruntled viewers have taken to twitter to complain of ' withdrawal symptoms ' - and urge the bbc to hurry up with series two . ' as if the sherlock hiatus was n't bad enough ... experiencing # poldark withdrawal symptoms already , ' tweeted fan mihaela doaga within minutes of the closing credits . scroll down for video . to be continued ... poldark ended last night on a dramatic cliff-hanger with the main man hauled off to jail . ' ahhhh # poldark , i 'm not ok ! , ' wrote another , adding 't'int right , t'int fair , t'int proper ' - a reference to the catchphrase memorably deployed by poldark 's malingering servant , judd . others complained of having their monday morning blues made worse by waking up to the prospect of going months before seeing mr turner , 31 , and his famous abs on screen once more . ' the morning after # poldark ends and amazingly , the sun has managed to rise in the sky , ' wrote turner fan am scanlon . ' have a good week everyone , or as good as it can be . ' another , luci gosling , added : ' waking up to a week with no # poldark to look forward to . gawd , life is tough . ' bereft : poldark fans such as suze smith took to twitter to complain about the show ending . missing out : fans say they have nothing to look forward to now the show is over . not quite true : poldark will be replaced in the schedules with sheridan smith drama , the c-word . painful : others said they were experiencing withdrawal symptoms less than 12 hours after the finale . the drama has proved one of the most successful of 2015 so far , pulling in an average of 5.9 million viewers per episode and a massive 6.1 million for last night 's finale . much of that is due to mr turner and his smouldering looks which , combined with regular shirtless scenes , have produced a collective swoon among female viewers . but it has n't all been plain sailing for the drama , which has been renewed and will start filming again this autumn . poldark 's famous scything scenes have sparked complaints from professional mowers who say turner 's scything techniques are n't up to scratch . ' the story of poldark highlights the romantic aspect of the scythe and its use in history but we weren’t very impressed with aidan turner’s scything , ' said expert mower chris riley , 56 , last week . next year : with filming on season two of poldark due to start filming this autumn , fans are in for a long wait . popular : aidan turner and his famous abs have been the highlight of the show for many women . ' there was a lot of sweating and grunting going on but the only time you’d mow like that would be in a competition . ' at the end of march , an # askpoldark wheeze launched by the bbc 's social media team also descended into farce after viewers bombarded mr turner with indecent proposals . ' how do you ever stop looking in the mirror ? ' asked one fan . another added : ' my mower has packed in - would you come round and scythe my lawn please ? ' although the 31-year-old made a stab at answering many of the questions , he left the more risqué queries go unanswered . while the second series of poldark is n't due to air until 2016 , mr turner 's legion of fans can take some consolation from the secret scripture , an upcoming thriller in which the irish actor stars . scheduled for release later this year , it co-stars melbourne-born actor eric bana , 46 , the social network star rooney mara , 30 , and veteran actress vanessa redgrave , 78 . got withdrawal symptoms ? meet the hunks set to light up the big and small screens this summer . poldark might be no more , for this year at least , but there 's no shortage of cinematic and small screen crumpet , much of it shirtless , around this summer . along with mr turner 's upcoming role in the secret scripture , clint eastwood 's handsome 29-year-old son scott will please the ladies during his shirt-free scenes in new film , the longest ride . like father , like son ! clint eastwood 's son scott will be shirtless in cinemas from this june . magic mike : channing tatum and the strippers will be back in july with magic mike xxl . the film , which gets its uk release in june , co-stars britt robertson and tells the story of a former champion bull rider and his quest for love . less romantic but with a whole lot of pecs appeal is the second instalment of magic mike ; the channing tatum film about the exploits of a troupe of male strippers . entitled magic mike xxl , it opens on the 4th july and along with 35-year-old tatum , also features the poldark-esque joe manganiello , 38 . also on the way is southpaw , a boxing film starring a bulked-up jake gyllenhaal , and the remake of national lampoon’s vacation which features australian muscleman , chris hemsworth , 31 . beefy : a bulked-up jake gyllenhaal will be appearing in boxing film southpaw from the end of july . lots to see : chris hemsworth , seen here in a saturday night live skit , will appear in national lampoon 's vacation and is currently starring in superhero flick , avengers : age of ultron as norse god thor . razor cheekbones : 29-year-old tom hughes will be appearing in the game on bbc2 from this thursday . should the 31st july not be soon enough , mr hemsworth is currently reprising his role as norse god thor in superhero action-fest , avengers : age of ultron . the small screen also has plenty to recommend it , beginning with new bbc2 spy thriller the game which starts on thursday and stars the razor-cheekboned tom hughes , 29 . season two of vikings , starring another handsome blonde australian in the shape of 35-year-old travis fimmel , is currently underway on history while those with amazon prime can enjoy the sight of sam heughan , 34 , flexing his muscles on outlander . game of thrones also has a pleasingly high muscle count , with michiel huisman ( daario naharis ) and nikolaj coster-waldau ( jaime lannister ) among the hunks worth switching on for . smouldering : sam heughan , 34 , has been winning over viewers with his performance in outlander . handsome : travis fimmel is seen here making the dark ages look appealing in history 's vikings . good look : dutch actor michiel huisman ( daario naharis ) shows off his rippling abs in game of thrones .