mixed martial arts fighter anderson silva will meet with brazilian taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year 's olympics in rio de janeiro , despite facing a possible doping ban . silva this week expressed his desire to represent brazil in the 2016 games , and local taekwondo officials said they like the idea of having the mma fighter on the team . the brazilian taekwondo confederation said wednesday that ' this wonderful possibility ' of silva competing in the olympics will be discussed next week between the fighter and local officials . anderson silva ( right ) will meet with taekwondo officials in the hope of competing in next year 's olympics . the 40-year-old silva began his career as a taekwondo fighter and is a black belt in the sport . he is an ambassador for taekwondo in brazil . silva , who is currently suspended by ufc after failing drug tests , said in a letter to the taekwondo confederation that it would be ' an immense pleasure ' to be part of the brazilian team in rio . ' everybody knows that every top athlete dreams about the olympic games , ' silva said . ' as an ambassador to the sport , and with the games taking place in my country , i 'm even more motivated by the olympic spirit . ' silva said he would compete with all his ' esteem , strength and honor . ' on wednesday , he posted on his official twitter account a photo of himself practicing taekwondo . silva tested positive for two steroids in an out-of-competition test jan. 9 , and also failed a test after his ufc victory over nick diaz on jan. 31 . the 40-year-old brazilian posted a photo of himself practising taekwondo on wednesday . the brazilian later said in a statement that he always ' played clean ' and ' never used any substances ' to improve his performances , and that he was ' still waiting for the results and analysis from the specialists that are working to reveal the truth . ' silva has a hearing scheduled for may on the doping allegations . silva is considered one of the best pound-for-pound mixed martial arts fighters in the history of the sport , the former middleweight champion returned to the cage in january after breaking his lower left leg more than a year ago . he beat diaz but the victory was quickly overshadowed by the doping headlines that surfaced shortly after the fight . silva delivers a flying knee against nick diaz in their middleweight bout in las vegas in january . according to the brazilian taekwondo confederation , its president carlos fernandes was ' pleased ' to receive silva 's proposal , but many details still must be discussed before his participation in the games can become a reality . there are doubts about silva 's eligibility for the games , as well as about his form , considering he has n't competed in taekwondo events in a long time . ' he is a great mma athlete , but taekwondo has its own characteristics , so i 'm sure he is not ready yet to compete for a spot in the team , ' lucas ferreira , one of the other brazilian taekwondo fighters hoping to participate in the olympics , told globoesporte.com . ' he will have to fight for a spot like everybody else . if he proves he deserves to make it , then great . ' another brazilian fighter , guilherme felix , said it would n't be ethical for silva to earn a spot in the olympics ' without showing the results for it . '