frogs that build underground ‘ sex nests’ to mate with their partner have been found by a team of researchers . the intriguing males build these secret chambers to avoid predators . the discovery was made by researchers in the atlantic forest of serra do japi in the state of são paulo , brazil . a new species of frog has been found in brazil . called hylodes japi , it was found to mate underground in secret chambers . males and females typically find a spot to mate in about five minutes . and the male will cover up the eggs to protect them from predators . shown is another torrent frog , the waterfall frog . the new species of torrent frog , reported by new scientist , is called hylodes japi . the amphibian , part of the hylodes lateristrigatus group , is characterised by light stripes on its size , while it is also relatively small , according to the researchers . and when it comes to mating , this family of frogs has a unique trait not seen in other frogs . they typically like to live near fast streams and , if a pair decides to mate , they will spend five minutes searching for a private spot . ‘ the male quickly carves out a chamber by excavating the sand around small rocks at the bottom of the stream , ’ said agata blaszczak-boxe from new scientist . ‘ then , like christian grey from fifty shades he invites his mate into his sex dungeon , which is only just big enough to fit the two amorous amphibians . ’ the amphibian , part of the hylodes lateristrigatus group , is characterised by light stripes on its size , while it is also relatively small , according to the researchers . it was found in the atlantic forest of serra do japi in the state of são paulo , brazil . once the female has laid her eggs , the male then covers up the entrance with sand from the stream . the reason for this is not only to protect the eggs from predators , but also from tadpoles of the species - as they are known to be cannibalistic . finding the frogs wasn’t easy , either - they are so secretive that the researchers had to don camouflage gear in order to observe them . a new species of glass frog ( shown right ) has been discovered with translucent skin so you can see its insides . the creature , named hyalinobatrachium dianae , was found in the mountains of eastern costa rica and has a distinctive call . while most of its body is a brilliant lime green , like all species of glass frogs , the skin on its underside is see-though , making its organs easily visible . the animal’s heart , liver and gastrointestinal tract are easily visible . scientists were surprised to stumble across the frog , given that a through survey of the region was conducted late last century , and reported their find in the journal zootaxa . the frog was named by brian kubicki who discovered it , after his mother janet diana kubicki to thank her for supporting his interest in science , costa rica’s tico times reported .