many people have the bad habit of squeezing blackheads and pimples on their faces . but for one new york-based writer , the urge to stand in front of a mirror and poke at and squeeze her pores for hours on end became so bad that it actually started ' sabotaging ' her life . in an inspiring essay for marie claire , jenna marotta , 27 , tells of her experience with dermatillomania - a compulsive skin-picking disorder that left her face bleeding - and how she managed to overcome it . ' i 'd descend `` into the mirror '' for up to four hours a day , ' jenna writes in the essay , explaining how her actions horrified her parents . ' i would nick and squeeze and yank at every clogged pore on my face . ' scroll down for video . obsessive behavior : jenna marotta , 27 , of new york , says her habit of picking at the pores on her face was so all-consuming that it became 'self-sabotaging ' at first , jenna was just looking for a way to break out of her binge-eating routine . as a child she developed bad eating habits - she would skip breakfast and lunch , then stuff her face with whatever she wanted for hours when she got home . her binge-eating cycle continued through college and after graduation , when she moved back home to her parents ' house in illinois . ' i knew i was bingeing while i was bingeing , ' she writes , adding that part of the problem was that she would head to the kitchen whenever she felt bored . ' so i decided to find a new place to spend my ample downtime . ' that place became her parents ' bathroom , where her mom kept a stainless steel 10x magnifying mirror and an array of tweezerman tweezers . jenna 's use of the tweezers started off innocently enough , with her plucking out stray hairs along her eyebrows . then she started to become obsessive , revisiting her brows several times a day and moving on to other areas of her face , where she would use those same tweezers to clear out pores and remove ingrown hairs . ' at one point , i became convinced that there was a lone dark hair trapped under my chin , ' she says . ' i could think of nothing more vital than removing this growth from my face . in the process of freeing the ( probably imagined ) hair , i dug an eighth-inch deep hole . ' getting better : after accidentally going ten days without touching her pores when she forgot to pack her tweezers for a trip , jenna managed to move away from her bad skin habit . she still sees a psychiatrist . jenna was aware that her skin-picking was growing out of control and visited a ' battalion ' of dermatologists , who told her that her problem was psychosomatic . so she enrolled in an an outpatient program for mental health . but once the three-week program ended , she insisted she had her problem under enough control to move on her own to new york city . the problem was not under control , however . though the dreaded magnifying mirror was back at her parents ' house in illinois , jenna would still lean in close to her own bathroom mirror to pick at her pores . ' i would tweeze and squeeze , filling my garbage can with tissues dotted with blood , ' she writes , adding that she would hide out in her bedroom to avoid seeing her roommate , who might question her about the bloody tissues she threw out in the bathroom . and she did n't stop at using tweezers . jenna admitted that she 's also ' attacked ' her face with an extruder , an earring post , an unspooled paperclip , a pushpin , a toothbrush handle , the rough side of a nail file , lotion caps , and nail clippers . one of jenna 's most agonizing memories was when the writer had to interview steve carrell after picking at a cyst on her chin until it bled . she worried the blood would n't dry in time to apply makeup before the interview . ' the urge to self-injure just always pulses through my head and hands , ' she says . ' and it 's my go-to method of procrastination when i have a deadline . ' luckily , while travelling to the sundance film festival in utah this january , jenna forgot her tweezers at home , resulting in ten whole days during which she did n't pick at her face . now , the 27-year-old says she has overcome her condition - and is working on being ' nice ' to herself . ' i continue to work with a psychiatrist to stay on track since i first put the tweezers down , ' she says . dermatillomania - or compulsive skin picking - is an impulse control disorder characterized by the uncontrollable desire to pick at one 's skin . some sufferers have the condition so severely they pick at their skin until it is damaged . sufferers usually start by picking at their face before moving on to other parts of the body . the condition is often categorized as an obsessive compulsive disorder ( ocd ) . it can lead to bleeding , bruising and infections . csp will often be carried out after the individual has experienced a high level of tension which has caused an urge to carry out the behaviour . the skin picking is often accompanied by a feeling of relief or even pleasure due to the reduction in anxiety levels . however , once the damage has been done , those affected will often be left with a feeling of depression or hopelessness . although the damage that is caused can be very severe , the gratification experienced can lead the individual to carry out csp again and again . treatment usually involves counselling and cognitive behavioural therapy . source : anxiety uk .