kolo toure has warned raheem sterling that leaving liverpool could see him end up on the scrapheap at a big club , similar to the way that jack rodwell and scott sinclair did at manchester city . sterling stunned liverpool earlier this week , giving an interview confirming that he has turned down a new £100,000-a-week contract and admitting he is ' quite flattered ' by interest from arsenal . chelsea and manchester city are also keen on english football 's hottest property . but toure , who used to play for city with rodwell and sinclair , has warned his anfield team-mate a move to one of european football 's heavyweights may not be everything he has dreamed of . raheem sterling has been warned about the dangers of leaving liverpool by his team-mate kolo toure . toure compared sterling 's situation with that of jack rodwell ( left ) and scott sinclair joining manchester city . toure ( centre ) says liverpool is the best place for sterling to stay and continue his development as a player . after starring in everton 's midfield and making his england debut , jack rodwell was being linked with every big club around . sir alex ferguson was known to be an admirer but rodwell was snapped up by manchester city for £12million . repeated injury problems and the presence of yaya toure , david silva , samir nasri and javi garcia saw his appearances limited , while fernandinho arrived for £30m the next summer . after just seven league starts in two years , rodwell moved on to relegation-threatened sunderland for £10m . it was a similar story for scott sinclair . after powering swansea city 's promotion to the premier league and scoring eight times in the top flight , chelsea youth product sinclair moved to city for £8m . but he too struggled with the competition in city 's squad and moved to west bromwich albion on loan last season . he found it hard to break into the team there and returned to city before heading out on loan again to aston villa in january where he has found some form . rodwell joined city in a £12million deal in 2012 , while sinclair made the same move from swansea city for an £8m fee later that summer . the english pair made just nine barclays premier league appearances between them across two seasons at the etihad stadium . rodwell joined relegation-threatened sunderland last summer to end his city nightmare while sinclair is trying to rebuild his career at aston villa . toure says sterling could be making a similar mistake by leaving anfield . ' both rodwell and sinclair went to a club where there is big competition and did n't play , ' toure said . ' if raheem left liverpool he would n't be sure to start games . make a mistake or do n't score for two games and he will be on the bench . there is no messing at clubs like that . ' brendan rodgers used his pre-match press conference ahead of saturday 's trip to arsenal to reiterate that sterling was not for sale , and toure sees liverpool as the perfect place for the 20-year-old to continue his development . ' i 'm not surprised there 's speculation because everybody would want to have a player like him , ' he told the liverpool echo . ' but he needs to stay here . liverpool is a great place for him . sterling stunned liverpool this week , giving an interview confirming that he had turned down a new deal . the likes of chelsea , city and arsenal would have big competition in their squads for a place . ' this is definitely the best place for him to continue his development . at liverpool , he 's beginning to be one of the most important players . he 's playing every week . ' if he went to another club there would be big challenges he would face . he would n't be the most important player . ' sportsmail revealed on thursday that chelsea had joined the race to sign england star sterling , with the premier league leaders wanting to be kept informed of any developments in his contract situation . real madrid and bayern munich are also monitoring the developments in his stand-off at anfield . rodwell made just seven premier league starts for city during his two-year spell before leaving the club . the former everton man now plays for relegation-threatened sunderland after a tough time at city . sinclair 's spell was even more difficult , he made just two league starts for city before moving out on loan . sinclair is on loan at aston villa as he looks to rebuild his reputation as a young england talent . doubts over arsenal’s ability to fund a move have seen their interest questioned , but they are confident they have the financial firepower to compete for him with the likes of chelsea and city . liverpool boss rodgers said on thursday : ‘he’s got two-and-a-half years to go on his deal and he’s not going anywhere in the summer . ' i can not speak for the owners but i have a good idea of what they would do . i know them well enough and for me it would not happen . liverpool are one of the superpowers of football and the owners have made it clear that money doesn’t come into it . if the club doesn’t want to sell , it won’t sell , it’s as simple as that . money has never been the objective for the club . ‘ whatever player - raheem or anybody - it would always be on the terms of the club . ‘ he still has two-and-a- bit years left of his deal so it’s not something we’re overly concerned about . i’m confident that at the end of the season we’ll find the solution . ’ brendan rodgers has said sterling is going nowhere this summer despite the speculation over his future . sinclair spent more time on the bench than the pitch at city , and toure thinks it could be similar for sterling .  