when ulster confirmed the audacious signing of all black wing charles piutau this week , the scale of their transfer coup was illustrated by the complaints emanating from new zealand . ‘i’m extremely disappointed he’s going , ’ said steve hansen , coach of the world champions , having learned that the 23-year-old had rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast , in 2016-17 . his views were echoed , more robustly , by commentators and fans alike . that might not be the end of the short-term kiwi exodus , despite jerome kaino’s decision to stick around in favour of a shot at the lions in 2017 . charles piutau rejected a new deal with the blues and nzru in favour of a season in belfast . fly-half colin slade is thought to be deciding between a move to toulon or pau in france – while the latter club have already landed conrad smith . the prospect of piles of euros and a gathering of elite players from around the world makes the top 14 league the destination du jour , for southern stars seeking a stint abroad . what makes the piutau deal so eye-catching is that it is a bold endorsement of ulster’s ambition and also a boost to the wider celtic game , below test level . that boost is much-needed , because there are simmering problems – as exposed and bemoaned by leinster’s head coach matt o’connor last weekend . the australian was infuriated by the softly-softly stance of ireland coach joe schmidt , whose final say on release of test players meant he was forced to rest a raft of leading lights for the pro 12 clash with leaders glasgow . alun wyn jones can put his body on the line for ospreys and wales . ‘ it hurts the league , ’ said the australian , which is absolutely true . the pro 12 has a credibility issue , due to the continuing absence of so many irish stars from so many matches . while player welfare is quite rightly prioritised , there is a feeling that the national management go too far on occasions . no wonder the welsh regions were so keen to align themselves with the aviva premiership clubs during the european rebellion last year . a leading figure such as alun wyn jones gives body and soul to the ospreys week after week , but still found the energy to face down the more rested irish in cardiff during the six nations . he and so many others in wales would enhance the premiership . if the irish can not fully commit to a league – making it a fitting stage for piutau’s class – they could play club rugby at home to sharpen up for european combat with their provinces . scrap the lv cup and bring the regions into an expanded premiership . job done . wasps forward hughes was clumsy , not reckless . wasps players were incensed by the three-game ban handed to their no 8 , nathan hughes , for the collision which left george north unconscious last friday night , and their angst is understandable . the big fijian was clumsy , but no more , by failing to move in time to prevent his knee striking the head of the lions wing , as he scored a try . nathan hughes was clumsy rather than reckless and did n't deserve a three-game ban . the disciplinary panel called the offence ‘reckless’ and the reaction of wasps captain james haskell was priceless . ‘ rugby is reckless , ’ he said . ‘ the whole game is reckless . if you’re going to worry about that… maybe we should all be wearing foam suits and playing touch . ’ the england flanker had a point . the sport is founded on physicality and danger . a player who has scored a try deserves to be protected from belated , damaging contact , however accidental , but the suspicion lingers that hughes is serving a ban because north was knocked out . if the scorer had jumped up and walked off , it’s fair to guess that the red card might have sufficed . fill world cup seats or face fan fury . is anyone really surprised that trying to buy world cup tickets is such a drawn-out ordeal ? for those without the benefit of a corporate invite ( or a media pass , before anyone pipes up ) , securing entry to a modern sporting showpiece is as appealing as a morning of root-canal treatment and as likely to deliver the desired outcome as a lottery ticket . the webb ellis cup visits a school in toronto as part of the rugby world cup trophy tour . we are in the cost-cutting age of do-it-all-online , so thousands of wannabe spectators were forced to endure endless hours of staring at a seemingly frozen screen on monday . at least the old-fashioned system of queuing in person could foster a certain collective spirit , as so wonderfully evident at wimbledon tennis down the years . ultimately , the world cup will be a sell-out , but organisers better be right when they say there won’t be the empty seats which blighted the olympics . as if being stuck on the outside with noses pressed against the glass is not bad enough , those denied tickets will be apoplectic if hordes of well-heeled ‘guests’ can’t be bothered to leave their plush marquee and venture into the arena , or even turn up at all . signing sinfield is an inspired move . it’s been dismissed in some quarters as a mere publicity stunt , which is harsh on all concerned . kevin sinfield is a colossus of rugby league who is switching codes in leeds later this year , from the rhinos to yorkshire carnegie . yorkshire carnegie 's signing of rugby league legend kevin sinfield is a statement of intent . he wants to play fly-half and while the prospect of him igniting the championship at the age of 34 is far-fetched , he is a proven leader and winner , and his mentality is what the union side at headingley are keen to tap into . no doubt , he’ll bring a few more through the turnstiles , too , but coach bryan redpath will want him to provide inspiration to the rookies around him . it is a worthwhile roll of the dice and amid talk of an end to promotion and relegation , leeds are another second-tier club demonstrating a desire to be upwardly mobile . last word . team gb , under the auspices of england , face the growing threat of having to come through a qualifying competition this summer in order to reach the olympic sevens tournament in rio . in hong kong last weekend , simon amor’s side – nominated as the best prospect to qualify on behalf of great britain , ahead of wales and scotland – lost further ground to australia and remain stuck in fifth place in the world rankings , one below the final qualification slot . this weekend in tokyo , they must try to catch their rivals from down under , but they have been drawn in a pool with fiji , who won in hong kong and are second in the rankings behind south africa . realistically , one olympic place is up for grabs , behind those nations and new zealand , and england’s advantage is that the series culminates at twickenham next month . sadly , team gb’s preparations – complicated by the presence of separate home nations in rugby – have been marred by a chronic lack of clarity and foresight , and being forced to enter what amounts to a repechage event would be somehow fitting .