the royals are again choosing private medical care for the upcoming birth of their second child . and prince william and his wife kate 's decision to use st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london , over public care offered by the nhs was yesterday backed by the prime minister . asked if the royal couple 's choice was disappointing , david cameron said he supports peoples ' right to choose treatment options – but also ensured he praised the nhs . scroll down for video . ' matter of choice ' : prime minister david cameron ( pictured yesterday during a general election campaign visit to norton-sub-hamdon in somerset ) has backed the royals ' choice of private care for kate 's second birth . private healthcare : the duke and duchess of cambridge leave the lindo wing of st mary 's hospital in paddington , central london , with their newborn son prince george in july 2013 . the prime minister , a father of three , told murnaghan on sky news : ‘ i think it 's a total matter of choice for people - what they use and where they have their babies . ‘ all i hope and pray for is there 'll be happy , healthy news for that wonderful couple and for the whole country . the nhs is superb and i 've seen that in my own life in so many different ways . ‘ but i believe in choice , i believe in people being able to do what they want to do , and as i say i 've only got one thought about the royal baby which is a happy and healthy arrival . ’ the baby is already believed to be late – and will officially be overdue if kate has not given birth by may 1 . even the 33-year-old royal herself has said the baby is due in mid to late april . anticipation : barriers for the media outside the lindo wing on saturday , which has a separate entrance from the rest of the hospital , making it easier to provide security and a measure of privacy to the couple . the duke and duchess of cambridge’s first child , prince george , was born at the lindo wing of st mary 's hospital nearly two years ago in july 2013 . the wing has a separate entrance from the rest of the hospital , making it easier to provide security and a measure of privacy to the couple , who could receive a visit from the queen . the public part of the hospital has seen a surgical ward closed to new admissions for the last 11 days because eight patients were found to be carrying a potentially dangerous microorganism . the hospital said today that three of these patients developed infections and have since recovered after treatment with antibiotics . it added that a ‘ deep cleaning’ of the ward is underway and enhanced screening is being put in place . mr cameron 's son ivan , who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy , tragically died aged just six at the hospital in february 2009 . and in his conference speech last october , the prime minister said he knew ' better than most ' how much the nhs meant after the care it provided to his child .