west ham manager sam allardyce believes filling your home ground is paramount to premier league clubs - with the hammers announcing their new season-ticket structure ahead of the move to the olympic stadium . karren brady , vice-chairman of west ham , announced during the week that the club would be making significant cuts to their current pricing as the move is being offset against increased television revenue . the cheapest season ticket at upton park is £620 but there will be £289 seats on offer from the 2016-17 season - the club 's first in the 54,000-seater olympic stadium . west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year . manager sam allardyce says filling the stadium is the most important thing for any football club . west ham 's vice-chairman karren brady visited the club 's future home in stratford on tuesday . and allardyce believes performing in front of a sold-out crowd is something that should not go unappreciated as the other 19 premier league clubs are now being pushed to follow west ham 's lead . ' the most important thing at a football club is to fill the stadium , ' he said . ' i think filling the stadium is the ultimate for the success of the team . obviously it 's not from a revenue base like it used to be . ' the revenue base for a football club used to be the sustainability of the football club in my years before the premier league and before sky made it a worldwide brand . a view of the olympic stadium on tuesday ahead of west ham 's switch to the 54,000-capacity arena . ' it 's about creating the atmosphere in a stadium that thrills not only the fans there enjoying the atmosphere , but the players who respond to that . ' to make sure everywhere you go in the premier league maintains a high level of attendance and selling out your stadium has to be the ultimate goal for any premier league football club , for me . an artist 's impression of what the olympic stadium will look like during a west ham match . ' what we 've announced has to be the best piece of business , for me , seen in the premier league for a long , long time . ' hopefully everybody at west ham football club , particularly the fan , will come and enjoy , as karren says , a fantastic facility for less . that will only encourage future young west ham supporters to be west ham supporters . '