the son of a syrian imam who was shot dead on a london street may have met his father’s killer just days before the murder . sources close to the investigation , which is being led by the counter-terrorism unit , told the sunday times that abdul hadi arwani , an opponent of syrian president bahsar al-assad , had visited the area where he was killed with his son days before his death . arwani , 48 , was shot and killed in his car on a quiet street in north west london after being called there last tuesday , apparently to provide a quote for building work . scroll down for video . imam , abdul hadi arwani ( pictured ) , was called to a job in the area he was killed days before his death . when the imam , who had links to the muslim brotherhood in the uk and abroad , arrived to the house with his son and not on his own , the supposed potential client asked arwani to come back another day . the man was identified as black and speaking with an african accent . he pretended to have lost his keys which is why he asked arwani , a part-time builder , to return later . the sunday telegraph reported that the man , who has not been otherwise been identified , also told the imam that there was no need for his son to accompany him again when he did come back . arwani 's children are in little doubt their father was killed by the man asking for the building quote . scotland yard is looking into whether the man was a hired killer who postponed the hit because because arwani was not alone . the counter-terrorism unit has special expertise relating to politically motivated assassinations but they are also keeping other lines of inquiry open . aspects of arwani’s personal life as well as his financial standing are being considered . the syrian-born activist and imam died of multiple gunshot wounds to the chest sustained near to the junction of the paddocks and greenhill , wembley . his car was parked on what has been described as a blind bend , just out of sight of cctv . home : mr arwani , originally from syria , lived in this home in white city , west london . arwani’s vw passat was parked neatly on the side of the road with its engine still running and one window wound down when his body was found . neighbours , nearby at the time of the murder , have said they did not hear any shots fired , indicating , perhaps , that the killer used a silencer . arwani’s vw passat was parked neatly on the side of the road with its engine still running and one window wound down when his body was found . the muslim brotherhood , the islamist political group to which arwani had long-standing links , is outlawed in many middle eastern countries . one syrian opposition activist has said despite arwami’s standing and his participation in protests against the assad regime in london in 2012 ( pictured ) the imam was an unlikely target for assassination . one of the imam’s friends was quoted as saying that arwani left the group in an official capacity ‘ seven or eight years ago’ but had kept ties with some of the group’s senior figures . one muslim brotherhood leader , ali sadraddine al-bayanouni attended a gathering in remembrance of arwani in the capital last week . described as ‘non-violent islamist’ by his family arwani had links to a number of controversial preachers . among them was abu qatada , deported to jordan and dubbed osama bin laden’s man in europe . arwani also campaigned against the extradition of the hook-welding preacher abu hamzr for offences related to terrorism . despite the connections there is nothing to suggest arwani was anything more than a peaceful moderate . leaving syria in 1982 during the last , failed uprising against the assad regime , arwami moved to britain in the mid 1990s . he studied islamic sharia in jordan where he claimed to have been sentenced to death in his absence by syrian authorities . one syrian opposition activist has said despite arwani’s standing and his participation in protests against the assad regime in london in 2012 the imam was an unlikely target for assassination . imam : mr arwani was a preacher at the an-noor mosque ( pictured ) in acton , west london , which has a reputation for hosting fundamentalist speakers . hassan anywabwile ( pictured ) from trinidad and tobago was brought in to replace arwani at the an-noor mosque . bassam tablieh , a solicitor and opponent of the syrian government , said there were many more obvious , high priority targets for syrian authorities to go after in london . police are also looking into a row over finances and transparency which led to arwani being ousted from the an-noor mosque in acton where he was imam up until 2011 . he was replaced at his mosque by a caribbean preacher involved in an attempted coup d'état 25 years ago . hassan anywabwile from trinidad and tobago was brought in to replace arwani at the an-noor mosque . anywabwile 's name appears in the caribbean nation 's parliamentary documents surrounding a violent coup attempt in 1990 by muslim group jamaat al muslimeen it is understood that arwani wanted to register the mosque as a charity with trustees , moving it away from its current status whereby the acton mosque operates as a company . while the building for the mosque was bought for £1 million , raised in contributions from a number of members of the community , land registry records state the sole owner to be khalid rashad , one of the mosque’s founders , through a firm called ‘brickridge’ . the murdered imam had reportedly begun legal proceedings in the high court over the dispute . rashad , 61 , a muslim convert from wembley refused to comment on the row or arwani’s decision to leave the mosque . he referred to a statement that expressed ‘ great sadness’ at the imam’s death . it has not been suggested that any members of the mosque were involved in the murder . 