comedian dave hughes has refused to apologise for calling radio broadcaster derryn hinch a 'w**ker ' on national television . hughes and hinch appeared on monday night 's q & a panel discussing depression and alcohol , following the emergence of a video featuring prime minister tony abbott skolling a beer in a pub . audience member lauren hayes asked minister for trade and investment andrew robb if he thought mr abbott 's ' display of irresponsible drinking was an act of peer pressure or an attempt to become more popular with younger voters ' . scroll down for video . australian comedian dave hughes ( pictured ) called radio broadcaster derryn hinch a 'w**ker ' on national television . this sparked hinch to question if binge drinking was as prevalent back when he was younger as it was today . but hughes interjected and said this culture had existed and people drank to get drunk . to which the radio personality replied : ' i drank because i like the taste of wine . ' without missing a beat , the australian comedian fired back : ' that 's because you 're a w**ker . ' hinch ( above ) and hughes were on abc 's q & a on monday night discussing alcohol and depression . but hinch would not have any of it , saying : ' it takes one to know one . ' hughes told kiis 101.1 radio he would not recant his comment about hinch . ' i absolutely stand by it . in that moment , and i think derryn would agree ... he was a w**ker , ' the comedian said on tuesday morning . and the veteran radio personality did not seem to mind the put down . ' i 've been insulted by experts so i can handle it , ' derryn told the melbourne radio station . ' i thought david hughes was quite quiet last night . the episode came after a video surfaced of tony abbott skolling a beer in a sydney pub on the weekend . mr abbott downed a schooner of beer in about six seconds while patrons cheered and encouraged him . ' normally i look at him and he belongs to that breed of ... comedians who think the louder you tell a joke the funnier it gets . i was n't offended . ' on social media , one twitter user stood behind the radio broadcaster , saying : 'boogly-eyed comedian dave hughes ' high-horse 'w**ker ' comment was way out of line ; great response . ' another called hughes out by using the comedian 's same insult : ' dave ... is a w**ker . ' but others were supportive of hughes ' view . ' [ hughes ] calling [ hinch ] a w**ker ... gold ! ' one supporter said . ' hughesy is winning [ q & a ] because you 're a w**ker hinch , ' another twitter user said . monday night 's q & a also saw a more serious hughes tell the audience about his battles with alcohol and depression . ' when i was 21 , i was drinking heavily and smoking marijuana and having sort of episodes at night , and i said to my mum that i think i 've got schizophrenia , ' the comedian said . ' we went to the doctor together - she was a beautiful mother - obviously , she helped me out . ' the doctor , we had a chat about it . i told him i smoked marijuana and he told me , made me stop doing that . and i did , stopped smoking marijuana and i stopped drinking . ' when i walked out of that doctor 's surgery i felt so much better just at having told people about it . '