patrick bamford wants to lead the line for chelsea in the premier league – but before then he could be leading middlesbrough to the top-flight after inspiring this vital victory over wolves . boro boss aitor karanka said before the game that his team had to win all four of their remaining matches to finish in the top two of a claustrophobic championship . and thanks to blues loanee bamford – creator of one for jelle vossen and scorer of the other - the teessiders remain on course for what would be a deserved return to the top division . patrick bamford ( second right ) scored middlesbrough 's second goal as they beat wolves on tuesday night . middlesbrough ( 4-2-3-1 ) : konstantopoulos ; kalas , woodgate ( omeruo 62 ) , gibson , friend ; clayton , forshaw ; adomah ( amorebieta 80 ) , tomlin , bamford ; vossen ( nsue 74 ) . subs not used : ripley , whitehead , ledesma , kike . booked : clayton . goals : vossen 3 , bamford 11 . wolverhampton ( 4-4-1-1 ) : ikeme ; iorfa , batth , stearman , hause ( golbourne 45 ) ; van la parra ( jacobs 77 ) , mcdonald , price ( dicko 63 ) , sako ; edwards ; afobe . subs not used : kuszczak , henry , doyle , ebanks-landell . booked : stearman , batth , sako , edwards . goal : sako 63 . referee : neil swarbrick ( lancashire ) . attendance : 20,520 . man of the match : patrick bamford . boro were relegated in 2009 and even the play-offs have been beyond them in the years since . this maximum at least guaranteed post-season participation , but they will want to avoid that scenario . and with the likes of bamford in this kind of form they have every chance of going up automatically . friday’s trip to norwich , however , will go a long way to determining their fate in that respect . karanka said : ‘ we want more than the play-offs and the players showed that here . they were amazing in the first half . but this game demanded a lot of us mentally . we have to be ready for norwich now , it is another huge game . ’ bamford , with 17 , has now scored more league goals in one season than any other boro player has achieved in the last 25 years . the 21-year-old makes no secret of his desire to one day return to chelsea and challenge for a starting jersey . karanka , though , could well be using his friendship with jose mourinho to secure another loan stay should they join the west londoners in the premier league . ‘ for me , he is the best young player in the league . he is scoring goals and is showing he is mature , not just on the pitch but also in the changing-room , ’ added the former real madrid assistant . boro were good value for this win – wolves boss kenny jackett called them ‘ruthless’ - and they were ahead inside three minutes . adam clayton loaded a ball forward from deep and bamford gave chase . his presence was enough to unsettle dithering centre-back richard stearman and the forward stole in before squaring for the unmarked vossen who rolled home for his eighth of the season . bamford celebrates with jelle vossen after he teed up the belgian for boro 's early opener . the goal owed everything to bamford’s endeavour and he soon had one of his own on 11 minutes . albert adomah fed over-lapping right-back tomas kalas and he drove into the area before locating the feet of his chelsea team-mate . bamford took one touch to fashion a yard for the shot before swivelling and smashing beyond carl ikeme from eight yards . it was a classy finish and added to the dossier of evidence which suggests there is a first-team future at stamford bridge . bamford neatly finishes boro 's second to put the home side in cruise control early in the first half . bamford is mobbed by his team-mates including former england international jonathan woodgate ( left ) . boro continued to pour forward and adomah came within a stroke of paint of netting a late goal-of-the-season contender . weaving between two visiting shirts 25 yards from goal , the ghanaian unleashed a rising drive which cracked the underside of ikeme’s crossbar . as if wolves’ task wasn’t stiff enough , they should have been reduced to 10 men when stearman hauled down bamford as he skipped clear on goal . that the offence occurred some 40 yards out perhaps spared him red . boro now have three matches to play as they chase automatic promotion to the premier league . middlesbrough . april 17 : norwich ( a ) , april 25 : fulham ( a ) , may 2 : brighton ( h ) . wolves . april 18 : ipswich ( h ) , april 25 : wigan ( a ) , may 2 : millwall ( h ) . the front-running kalas wasn’t letting up with his offensive intent and another forward burst presented a chance for vossen , the belgian prodding over from 12 yards moments after the restart for the second half . wolves had offered little at the other end of the park but a swift break brought them to within one on 53 minutes . dave edwards galloped through the middle and slipped a pass to sako who smashed between konstantopoulos and his near post . and they should have been level when rajiv van la parra steamed onto scott golbourne’s deep centre and rattled the crossbar with a first-time volley . boro , though , held on . one down , three to go . wolves winger bakary sako salutes the travelling support after his goal gave kenny jackett 's side hope .