isa richardson , a well-known beggar in maidstone , kent , made a 12-year-old hand over her last 15p . a beggar has been ordered to pay £20 to a 12-year-old girl after intimidating her into handing over the last 15p of her pocket money . the frightened youngster was confronted by homeless isa richardson who claimed she needed money because her car had broken down , a court heard . the schoolgirl , who has not been named , told police she felt intimidated by richardson , 46 , and believed she had no choice but to hand over the money . richardson is a well-known character in maidstone , kent , who has a history of begging and a number of outstanding fines for other offences . she admitted her latest offence when she appeared before magistrates in maidstone . the court ordered her to pay £20 to the young victim because of the stress she was forced to endure in the incident . richardson was caught and arrested on march 19 after cctv operators were alerted to her suspicious behaviour as they spotted her approaching people for cash . she told the court she was in such a desperate financial situation that she believed her only options were to either beg or shoplift . she also told the court she deeply regretted upsetting the youngster . magistrates heard she owed £375 in outstanding fines and costs from previous crimes but had started receiving benefits and was looking for a job to start paying off the debt . homeless richardson was also given a 12-month conditional discharge . debbie jones , prosecuting , said she had already been convicted of similar offences twice this year . a spokesman for maidstone borough council said : ' we can not comment on specific cases . ' begging is illegal and anyone who feels intimidated should call the police on 101 or speak to a police community support officer . ' richardson was caught and arrested on march 19 after cctv operators were alerted to her suspicious behaviour as they spotted her approaching people for cash . maidstone magistrates court , where homeless defendant isa richardson was ordered to pay the youngster £20 after intimidating her into handing over her last 15p . 