crystal clear waters have revealed a number of haunting hulls belonging to ships that succumbed to the perils of lake michigan over the centuries . the unusual transparency has been caused by surface ice melting , unveiling the boat graveyard at the bottom of the great lake , before organisms like plankton conceal them once more . the soul-stirring images were snapped during a routine helicopter patrol by the u.s. coast guard , who had a perfect view of normally obscured wreckage in an area where many ships foundered in the 19th and early 20th centuries . scroll down for video . revealed : the 121-foot brig of the james mcbride , which ran aground during a storm on october 19 , 1857 , has been revealed following ice-melt in lake michigan . rising sun : the 133 foot long wooden steamer stranded just north of pyramid point on october 29 , 1917 , and can be seen on the bottom of the great lake . glory days : the rising sun was owned by a religious group called the house of david when it crashed in october 1917 . members of the group were returning from high island , where they spend the summer , when it crashed in a sudden snowstorm . graveyard : the above map shows the manitou passage of lake michigan , which is home to dozens of shipwrecks due to the unpredictable weather on the lake . the wrecks of the james mcbride and rising sun were exposed this month after ice melted on the lake . unpredictable weather makes lake michigan home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world with sudden storms , fire , and fog causing the destruction of these many thousands of vessels over the years . the pictures are taken of the shallow waters of the lake off the leelanau peninsula near leland , known as the manitou passage , between the mainland of the northwestern lower peninsula and north and south manitou islands . this area alone is home to dozens of shipwrecks , most which were grounded shipping lumber at the turn of the 20th century . the coast guard wasn’t immediately able to identify the wrecks , but with help from fans on facebook , they learned that two of them are the james mcbride and the rising sun . the 121-foot brig james mcbride ran aground during a storm on october 19 , 1857 . her remains now lie in 15 feet of water near sleeping bear point . the james mcbride is believed to be the first ship to haul cargo from the west indies all the way back to chicago , when it completed a trip to turk island for salt in 1848 , stopping at nova scotia on the way back for cod . eerie : this unknown wreck was captured by the us coast guard from a helicopter during a routine patrol over the great lake . rare sightings : two wrecks can just be seen ( top left and bottom right of picture ) through the clear waters of lake michigan . stunning scenery : a house can be seen on the edge of the lake which endures unpredictable weather and is home to some of the most dangerous waters in the world . it launched on april fool’s day in 1848 and sank nine years later after carrying a cargo of wood from the manitou islands . the rising sun was a 133-foot-long wooden steamer which stranded just north of pyramid point on october 29 , 1917 , because of an early snow storm . lifeboats were scrambled and all 32 people on board were saved but she went to pieces . her wreckage now rests in about 12 feet of water . the rising sun was actually first named the minnie m , but it was renamed the rising sun when it was purchased by a religious group called the house of david in 1913 . the commune was founded by benjamin and mary purnell in benton harbor , michigan in 1903 . benjamin claimed to be the younger brother of jesus , and his group of about 900 followers called him king ben . during the summer , the group lived on high island - located about thirty miles northwest of charlevoix , michigan . in october 1917 , captain charles morrison was taking passengers and crew members from the group back to benton harbor where they would spend the winter when a sudden snowstorm hit . the captain tried to make charlevoix , but the ship pushed west into the manitou passage where it crashed into a set of submerged boulders . everyone on board survived the crash , escaping on two sets of lifeboats . protected : the wrecks of the stricken vessels are protected by law to stop divers trying to salvage anything from the sunken history . the u.s park service , which manages the sleeping bear dunes national lakeshore , announced last month that the wreckage of the jennie & annie was now visible again on the beach halfway between north and south bar lakes . the schooner grounded off empire in 1872 and is visible every few years . beach erosion , waves , wind and variable water levels in the lake cause the wrecks to periodically become visible along the dunes shoreline . since the shipwrecks are considered public property , they are not allowed to be disturbed . however , divers are allowed to explore the wrecks in warmer weather . doomed voyage : the james mcbride , which ran aground during a storm on october 19 , 1857 , while carrying a cargo of wood .