former primary school teacher mary cowan , 92 , has generously stated in her will that £700,000 of her £2million fortune should be left to charity groups . a teacher who taught at sir chris hoy 's former school has left a share of the £2million fortune she made from stocks and shares to help children from poorer backgrounds . mary cowan , 92 , generously ordered that a large slice of her estate should be given to george watson 's college in edinburgh where she had devoted years of her life to teaching primary school children . ms cowan , of edinburgh , passed away in november last year but her will revealed she asked for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at the school where famous faces such as olympic hero sir chris hoy and rugby legend gavin hastings were taught . ms cowan never married and worked and lived in edinburgh her whole adult life , retiring from her job at the college in 1981 . she started off teaching pupils of primary school age , before working her way up to be assistant headmistress . she was raised with her brother martin in kirkcudbrightshire , where her family had lived for generations and ran a grocer shop , before moving to the city where she lived in a modest semi-detached house which sold for £490,000 in 2012 . her published will has now revealed that she had an estate worth nearly £2million and asked that more than £700,000 be given to friends and family . the bulk of her wealth was made up of a stocks and shares portfolio and she left instructions for the remainder to be handed over to good causes . the mary cowan bursary will have funds of around £325,000 and will be used to help current or prospective poorer pupils attend the school . a group of trustees will decide if applicants are successful . ms cowan also asked that falkirk high school be given a share of her estate to set up a fund in memory of her mother called the ' the jane martin waddell prize ' that would see outstanding pupils recognised for academic achievements . other groups which can expect windfalls include the royal national institute of blind people , blind veterans uk , christian aid , and the salvation army . morningside parish church in edinburgh , where ms cowan was a well-known member of the congregation , alzheimer scotland , and the royal hospital for sick children have also been included in her will . ms cowan stated in her will that a bursary scheme should be set up in her name at george watson 's college in edinburgh , where she taught . she left around £325,000 to the fund to help poorer pupils attend the school . ms cowan , of edinburgh , asked in her will for a bursary scheme to be set up in her name at george watson 's college where famous faces such as sir chris hoy ( left ) and rugby legend gavin hastings ( right ) were taught . reverend derek browning of morningside parish church paid tribute to the generous former teacher . he said : ' first and foremost she was a teacher - and her passion for watson 's was second to none . george watson 's college in edinburgh . falkirk high school . the royal national institute of blind people . blind veterans uk . christian aid . the salvation army . morningside parish church in edinburgh . alzheimer scotland . the royal hospital for sick children . ' ms cowan was supremely proud of her school , and delighted to work alongside staff who shared her commitment to educating the young . ' i know that her influence and her enthusiasm have touched many lives , and she remembered her students with pleasure and affection . ' he added : ' church was her other great passion . she loved her church , and did everything she could to help those in it . ' she was the epitome of a christian lady . ' she taught by example , she lived by faith , she enjoyed so many things , and was interested in just about everything . ' melvyn roffe , principal of george watson 's college , said : ' mary cowan was well known in the watson 's community having taught many generations of pupils and we were very sad to hear of her recent death . ' miss cowan joined george watson 's ladies college in george square as a primary school teacher , also teaching french , in 1945 and taught until 1972 when she was appointed assistant head teacher in the primary school . ms cowan never married and had no children . she grew up in kirkcudbrightshire before moving to edinburgh where she lived for the rest of her life , including in this semi-detached property ( right ) for 20 years until 2012 . ms cowan also left money for alzheimer scotland and the royal hospital for sick children ( pictured ) . ' she finally retired from watson 's in 1981 . throughout her life she was a great supporter of our family foundation . ' we are touched by the news that a trust created by her estate will fund the attendance at watson 's of many pupils whose family circumstances would not otherwise enable them to study here . ' it will help us to perpetuate the memory of a much loved and respected former member of staff and , of course , the legacy of our founder , george watson himself . ' watson 's was opened in 1741 by merchant and banker george watson who wanted children from less advantaged backgrounds to enjoy the quality of education available to those more fortunate .