lib dem campaigner michelle gent used her party 's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business . a liberal democrat campaigner has been exposed as a dominatrix who used the party 's constituency headquarters for her bondage and porn film business . michelle gent directed and starred in violent films featuring whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women before selling the videos online . the former lib dem councillor , 50 , used the party 's offices in ashfield , nottinghamshire , to hold auditions for the sordid films . some of the clips show women bound with leather straps , while others show girls drenched in fake blood . a source told matthew drake , for the sunday mirror , that actors at auditions for one of ms gent 's films , the exorcist chronicles , were told to ' prepare for anything ' . the source , who walked out of an audition , said : ' they were pushing people to be more and more extreme . michelle acted like an x factor judge . ' there were girls flashing , pretending to play with themselves , screaming , faking orgasms and kissing each other in the hope they would be picked for the lead role . ' ms gent , a grandmother-of-one , explained the plot of the film during an interview for a bizarre movie reviews website . she said : ' the movie is about a spate of demonic possessions . the vatican are getting worried about the frightening increase in occurrences of the possessions and need to do something about it . they send out an unusual team – a priest , father jan , and a scientist , daryl lux . 'it’s a movie that has many levels of perception . if you want to look deeper into the meanings , then it’s certainly possible . try it , have fun with it . it may take a few viewings to see everything , but i find that kind of thing fascinating . it’s been very cleverly done i think . ' ms gent 's other films include dead walkers : rise of the 4th reich and awesome killer auditions . michelle gent ( pictured left in a poster for one of her films ) directed and starred in violent films , some of which showed women bound with leather straps . the former councillor used the party 's headquarters ( pictured ) in ashfield , nottingham , for auditions for the exorcist chronicles . the offices have since been sold . sordid : the violent films ( poster pictured ) , which are sold online , feature whips , chains , swords and scantily clad women . ms gent was a county councillor in nottinghamshire from 2009 to 2013 before losing her seat , she used the party 's offices in ashfield for her film business in 2012 - the same offices which have been visited by former liberal democrat party president tim farron . the headquarters were owned by councillor rachel madden , who is believed to have recently sold them for £80,000 . a lib dem spokesman said : ' neither rachel madden or the ashfield liberal democrat party was aware that the space used there by michelle gent on may 20 , 2012 was being used for purposes related to the films . ' the spokesman accepted that auditions for the exorcist chronicles were held there , but said ms gent 's movies were ' commercially available horror ' films , rather than bondage or porn . mailonline has contacted ms gent for comment .