if you were spellbound by the death-defying adventures of katniss everdeen , you will be very excited by the news that a hunger games theme park is in the planning . and fans could have the chance to experience katniss ' life as soon as next year , with the attraction expected to open in october 2016 . but those looking to wield their bows and act as tribute will have to travel to dubai for the chance to emulate the mockingjay . hopefully the dubai theme park will have safety measures in place for guests - unlike katniss ' experience in the arena in hunger games . the four million square foot motiongate dubai is set to attract over three million tourists annually , who will be immersed in a cinematic journey through their favourite movies via 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions . contrasting with the dramatic and nail-biting theme of the hunger games is the incorporation of a live stage show based on step up : all in and step up : revolution , the two most recent films in liongate 's worldwide franchise . so far there have been three ' hunger games ' films released , featuring oscar-winning actress jennifer lawrence , grossing $ 2.3 billion at box offices worldwide . the final instalment , the hunger games : mockingjay - part 2 , is debuting on nov 20 , 2015 , and the theme park attractions will be open for fans less than a year later . dubai parks and resorts chief executive officer , raed al nuaimi , said : ' we are thrilled to be working with a hollywood studio whose creative resources , spirit of innovation and vision of the entertainment experience are so closely aligned with our own . 'lionsgate's hunger games , step up and other signature properties are the perfect centerpiece for one of the most visionary new theme parks in the world . ' through this partnership we are offering even more for the whole family to enjoy on their visit and are confident that motiongate dubai will set a global benchmark as the ultimate movie themed destination . ' the theme park is set to open for hunger games fans in october 2016 , and will include 27 different latest-in-technology rides and attractions . the last movie in the hunger games franchise is set to be released in the us in november this year . lionsgate has partnered with dubai parks and resorts to bring a lionsgate zone to motiongate™ dubai , the hollywood-themed park opening in dubai in october 2016 . ' motiongate dubai is poised to become one of the most exciting new entertainment destinations in the world , and we 're thrilled that many of our biggest franchises will be an integral part of it , ' said lionsgate executive vice president of global franchise management and strategic partnerships , kerry phelan , and senior vice president of branded attractions , jenefer brown . ' the lionsgate section of motiongate dubai is an important milestone in our ongoing commitment to extend the longevity , broaden the global fan base and enrich the vitality of our most exciting entertainment properties . ' if the hunger games and step up attractions were not enough to draw the crowds , dubai parks and resorts even have plans for legoland dubai , the first of its kind in the middle east . the wizarding world of harry potter in universal studios , orlando , proved that if done correctly , theme parks can tap into a large movie fan base . fans at the wizarding world of harry potter can walk through a replica hogwarts castle , and enjoy three rollercoaster rides . lionsgate were no doubt spurred on by the success of the wizarding world of harry potter , which opened at universal studios , florida in 2010 . attracting millions of fans from all over the globe , the attraction , which included hogwarts castle and hogsmeade village , was a rounding success . universal opened an extension to the harry potter experience , diagon alley , last summer which cost an estimated £239million .