he 's jumped from the eiffel tower and through a waterfall in the swiss alps . but this wing-suit pilot , dubbed the flying dagger , has described the world 's tallest volcanic stack just off the coast of australia as ' the single most beautiful place i have ever been ' . jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid near lord howe island , in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand , documenting his flight over the stunning site . scroll down for video . us-born jeb corliss jumped over the 562m high ball 's pyramid at lord howe island , just off the australian coast . ball 's pyramid near lord howe island is located in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand . corliss , 39 , documenting his flight over the stunning location which he has described as ' the single most beautiful place i have ever been ' . corliss shared the moment he flew over what he 's described as an ' amazing and beautiful location ' on social media . ' when i saw the picture [ of ball 's pyramid ] i could n't believe the place was real , ' corliss wrote on his facebook page last week . corliss shared the moment he flew over what he 's described as an ' amazing and beautiful location ' with his friend luigi cani . ' when i saw the picture [ of ball 's pyramid ] i could n't believe the place was real , ' he wrote on his facebook page last week . ' i thought it had been photoshopped . i then started doing a little research on google and found out the place was very real and next to an amazing island called lord howe . ' it may be the single most beautiful place i have ever been . it really did feel like an alien landscape from another planet . ' footage shows corliss and cani , dressed in their wing-suits , leaping out of a helicopter as they dive down into the sea . corliss , 39 , has been base-jumping since the age of 22 and has dedicated his life to human flight . the us-born thrill-seeker says wing-suit flying allows pilots to trace the contours of cliffs , ridges and mountains at high speed .