more than a dozen people were injured on thursday night after a stage collapsed during an indiana public high school theater performance , sending students plummeting 10 feet into an orchestra pit . one of the victims suffered critical head trauma as the stage fell half-way through a song during a sold-out showing of american pie at westfield high school . the calamity occurred at the worst possible time - just as dozens walked on stage for the finale . ' all of a sudden , everyone was gone , ' one parent from the audience told rtv . terrible : tragedy struck thursday night at an indiana high school 's performance of the musical american pie . buckled : just as the entire cast danced on-stage for the finale , the platform beneath them collapsed . shocking : the performers plummeted through the wooden riser in a spectacle so unbelievable that some audience members initially believed it was choreographed . nicola gruszka , a student who was singing in front of the stage when the platform behind her gave way , said they had previously practiced the song with the same number of people with no issue . ' we thought the worse thing that could happen on that song is that someone could miss their cue , ' she told good morning america on friday . after the students behind her plunged into the orchestra pit , she was so shocked that she was unable to move , she said , and was still holding the microphone 30 minutes later . another student , sam greathouse , told gma that he jumped into action . ' as soon as the stage went down i just hopped up and started pulling people out of the hole , ' he said , adding that students ' really came together as a unit in that moment ' . more than 12 people were hurt and least one person was critically injured , a spokesman for the westfield police department said on thursday evening . but the two students told gma that they had heard the critically-injured student was doing much better by friday . ' the worst ones are comparatively mild to what could 've happened , ' miss gruszka said . some performers walked out of the pit , which was estimated to measure some 10 feet , but others required more serious medical care . the packed house , seen before the tragedy , was asked to keep calm during the confusing aftermath . the drop from the top of the wooden riser to the floor was likely around 10 feet . many of the witnesses who 'd never seen the show were n't initially sure if it was part of the performance . the confusion did n't last , however , as it soon became clear that a terrible accident had occurred . screams and gasps can be heard in video taken of the incident , which shows all but the lead singer vanish in the middle of the song do n't stop believin ' . ' some parents rushed the stage area , ' audience member mandi mckinley brown told indystar . ' most of us stayed in our seats to stay out of the way . people were lifting large pieces of the stage out of the pit from on top of the kids . ' according to student zach rader , an administrator then addressed the crowd and asked for calm before asking any healthcare professionals to come forward . witnesses : nicola gruszka , left , was singing in front of the stage when it collapsed behind her , while sam greathouse , right , helped to pull students out of the hole . they appeared on gma on friday morning . ' we have some seriously injured people , ' westfield fire chief joe lyons . the musical 's lead guitarist , blake camden , was not among them . he said he stepped away after noticing something about the stage was n't right . ' when all the performers rushed the stage , i saw the floor was starting to bow a little bit and i stepped to the left and the stage collapsed , ' camden , a senior , told rtv . ' i saw 20-30 of my friends fall in . ' chris baldwin , who works in human resources for the high school about 20 miles north of indianapolis , said the students fell into the orchestra pit below . cameron snyder , 18 , a senior at westfield , was watching the show . when the stage collapsed , a mass of people ran toward it , trying to help their loved ones , snyder said . scene : the incident occurred at westfield high school , pictured on friday as students head back to class . back to school : police said on friday that the dozen students hurt in the collapse are ' doing really well ' . ' i was just in a state of shock , ' he said . injured students were taken to at least three different hospitals , hollowell said . school officials aid class would be held as usual on friday but that counselors would be on site for students who might need counseling . the incident evoked memories of a 2011 stage collapse at the indiana stage fair that killed seven people and injured nearly 100 . high winds toppled rigging and sent the stage roof onto fans awaiting the start of a concert by the country duo sugarland .