gary cahill has spoken of the demands of maintaining a title challenge as he looks to secure his first ever premier league winners medal with chelsea this season . cahill has won four cups with the stamford bridge outfit since joining in january 2012 , including the champions league , but the england defender believes league glory would be his most testing achievement yet . ' what i’ve won already at chelsea has been fantastic but we all know in cups , you play the game and don’t see the next one for a month or so , ' cahill said in an interview with soccer saturday . gary cahill is yet to win the premier league with chelsea since joining the club in january 2012 . cahill ( centre ) hoists the champions league trophy aloft after chelsea 's 2012 victory . cahill spoke of the difference in challenging for the premier league compared to cup competitions . ' you prepare differently . with the premier league you’re coming day-to-day , working hard a whole season , all the way through , keeping fit and doing everything you possibly can do . ' in terms of that , the reward is massive and when it is in touching distance of you , for me personally it would be amazing . ' cahill believes chelsea were taught some important lessons last season , when they finished third , which has caused them to develop a more clinical touch to their performances . three defeats from march 15 - april 19 in the league last year derailed any title hopes . losses to aston villa and crystal palace on their travels were compounded when sunderland inflicted jose mourinho 's first home premier league defeat upon him in 78 games . cahill believes that jose mourinho 's side learnt some difficult lessons during last season in the league . cahill ( right ) will be back in action when chelsea host manchester united on saturday in the league . ' we are more ruthless , i think we learnt a lot from last season in terms of games that people expected us to perform better in or win , ' cahill said . ' we lost a good few points last year against teams we should be beating and i think that stuck in our heads . ' chelsea can move three points nearer to their fourth premier league trophy with three points against manchester united at stamford bridge on saturday .  