dan price , the ceo of gravity payments , is slashing his own salary 93percent . the ceo of a seattle startup has instituted a $ 70,000 minimum wage at his credit card processing company - and he 's paying for it by slashing his $ 1million salary to the same as his lowest-paid worker . he 's also taking up to 80percent of the firm 's $ 2.2million expected profit to plow it back in to staff salaries . over the next three years , gravity payments will offer at least $ 70,000 salary to all of its 120 employees - even the most junior customer service representatives and clerks , ceo dan price told the new york times this week . ' is anyone else freaking out right now ? i’m kind of freaking out , ' he told his cheering employees at a meeting on monday afternoon . the policy will raise the wages for 70 of the company 's workers - more than half the staff . the times was present at price 's announcement . even if the $ 70,000 minimum wage is a publicity stunt , it 's one that will cost him big time . price is slashing his own salary by 93percent - more depending on what portion of the company 's profits he was planning to take home . price founded gravity payments in 2004 when he was 19 and working out of his dorm room at seattle pacific university . the company processes credit card payments for small businesses . price said told the times he was motivated to make the radical change after reading a study about how much pay raises increase happiness for people making less than $ 70,000 a year . he also was distressed hearing the struggles of his friends and family who make far less money than he does . happy workers : price said the move will eat up 93percent of his current salary and 80percent of his annual profits . ' they were walking me through the math of making $ 40,000 a year . ' ... i hear that every single week . that just eats at me inside . ' the move comes at a time when ceo pay is 300 times the average employee pay at large companies - among the highest level of inequality in history . price claims he 's a man of few vices . he takes snowboarding trips and likes to pick up the tab at dinner and when he 's out with friends . otherwise , he says , he drives a 12-year-old audi .  