fitness guru ashy bines , who has almost one million followers on social media , has admitted some of the healthy eating recipes she had shared had been ripped off from other websites . the 26-year-old confirmed the revelations in a video posted on youtube after a blogger - who looks into ' exposing the truth of ashy bines ' dishonest business ethics ' - posted about the similarities between recipes on ms bines ' website and a food blog . it comes as ms bines - who is from the gold coast in queensland - also reveals she has been abused by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child , with one saying they hoped her baby would be born with a disability , news corp reported . scroll down for video . fitness guru ashy bines has addressed the revelations the recipes she shared were copied in an online video . the workout queen - who is about about 15 weeks pregnant - is best known for her 12-week exercise program , ashy bines bikini body challenge . addressing the plagiarism accusations , ms bines explained she left recipe sourcing to a nutritionist who was ' better qualified ' to give advice in a video seen by daily mail australia . ' by outsourcing ... to a nutritionist i was trying to give you all something of value and to come up with delicious recipes from the food i suggested , ' she said . ' unfortunately i may have been too naïve to think that i would n't have check the origins of each recipe , instead trusting that the work would be completed in an honest and professional manner . ms bines is best known for her 12-week exercise program , ashy bines bikini body challenge . the 26-year-old has earned an enormous social media , with almost one million followers . ms bines has also revealed she has been bullied by online trolls who made nasty comments about her unborn child . ' it 's recently come to my attention that some of these recipes were not original at all and have been copied from other sources . ' this was never my intention and it really sucks that these things can happen . ' ms bines did not make it clear in her video if she had discontinued her association with the nutritionist or if they had been compensated for their work . the health expert also claims people had been making negative remarks about her unborn child , the gold coast bulletin reported . ms bines hit back at the social media user who said they hoped her unborn child would get down 's syndrome . while a supporter helped defend ms bines from the online troll , telling them to ' grow up and mature ' . examples of the comments include ' i hope it gets down syndrome , you dirty liar ' and ' you are a bitch , i pray a truck runs you over ' . ms bines expressed disbelief at the comment involving her unborn child . ' to wish a baby gets down syndrome gosh i actually did n't think you could sink any lower [ sic ] , ' she wrote on her social media account in response to the woman 's comment . while a supporter jumped in to also defend ms bines . ' hate someone so much that you go out of your way to stalk them and wish an intentional disability on someone 's baby ? ' the supporter said . ' when you grow up and mature and someone wishes that your baby is still born because they would hate to see such a tragic soul bring a poor bub into your world , let us know how it feels . ' given that you think downs [ sic ] is so bad , it is people like you that the world does not need . ' examples of the comments include ' i hope it gets down syndrome you dirty liar ' and ' you are a bitch , i pray a truck runs you over ' . since starting her business , ms bines has had to deal with online trolls on her facebook , instagram and blog . ms bines said she had come a long way and had developed a thicker skin to deal with the nasty comments . since starting her business , ms bines has had to deal with online trolls on her facebook , instagram and blog . she has been forced to defend photographs of her body and her fitness regimes . in a video about how she addressed negative comments , ms bines said she had come a long way and had developed a thicker skin to deal with them . she said she had been told to get lip injections , she was not muscly enough to be in the industry and she needed to lose weight , adding these remarks were ' pretty standard ' and were directed at her often . when ms bines was contacted by news corp for further comment she requested a story not to be written about the copied recipes and did not want to make a statement about the revelations . she said the media was to blame for ' depression and suicide ' . daily mail australia has approached ms bines for comment on the matter .