esa’s rosetta spacecraft has captured stunning images of a dust jet erupting from comet 67p churyumov-gerasimenko . the jet may have been caused by a wave of heat reaching ice trapped under the surface , causing an explosion of material . but it is unusual , because so far such activity has only been spotted on the day-side of the comet - not the night , like this . scroll down for video . this animation shows the jet erupting from comet 67p . the first image was taken at 7:13am bst ( 2:13am est ) on 12 march , and the second was taken two minutes later . the jet is unusual because it is erupting from the dark underside of the comet , whereas such activity had only been seen on the day side so far . credit : esa . the two images , released yesterday , were taken by the osiris camera on the rosetta spacecraft from a distance of 47 miles ( 75km ) , according to esa . as the comet gets closer to the sun , its surface gets warmer , causing frozen gases to erupt from the surface , carrying dust particles . but it’s not clear if this caused the jet - or an explosion of material caused by ice sublimating ( turning from solid to gas ) underground . in the first image , taken at 7:13am bst ( 2:13am est ) on 12 march , the upper comet can be seen with several rays of dust illuminated by the sun , while the dark underside shows no such features . two minutes later though , in the second image , a spectacular new jet emerges from the dark side , hurling dust into space at 26ft ( eight metres ) per second . ‘ this was a chance discovery , ’ said osiris principal investigator dr holger sierks from the max planck institute for solar system research ( mps ) in germany . ‘ no one has ever witnessed the wake-up of a dust jet before . it is impossible to plan such an image . ’ how or why the activity occurred in the dark region of the comet , though , is not yet understood . ‘ it is possible that the first rays of sunlight hit some cliffs or outcrops that remained hidden to rosetta due to the orbital position at the time , ’ said osiris scientist dr jean-baptiste vincent , also from the mps . the rosetta probe , which carried the philae lander , launched into space in 2004 , using the gravity of earth and mars to slingshot its way towards comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko . it chased comet 67p through space for more than ten years , and entered orbit in august 2014 . after a four billion mile ( 6.5 billion km ) journey , the probe then successfully released the philae lander from its grip to land on the comet on 12 november 2014 , travelling at 3.3ft ( one metre ) per second relative to the comet . but when it first made contact with the surface it failed to fire harpoons that would have kept it attached to the comet . this resulted in it bouncing to a height of 0.62 miles ( 1km ) above the comet before again landing on the surface . it then bounced again , but to a much lower altitude . philae managed to perform more than 90 per cent of its goals before running out of power . rosetta , meanwhile , is continuing to orbit and study the comet . from data collected by the two proves , esa said that water on the comet was different to that on earth - suggesting water on our world came from an asteroid , not a comet . in the first image ( left ) , the upper comet can be seen with several rays of dust illuminated by the sun , while the dark underside shows no such features . two minutes later , in the second image ( right ) , a spectacular new jet emerges from the dark side , hurling dust into space at 26ft ( eight metres ) per second . the rosetta probe , illustrated , which carried the philae lander , launched into space in 2004 , using the gravity of earth and mars to slingshot its way towards comet 67p . it chased comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko through space for more than ten years , and entered orbit in august 2014 . the region of the comet where this jet erupted from is known as imhotep . by 7:17am bst ( 2:17am est ) , the region had rotated into sunlight , and the jet was no longer visible against the overexposed coma . this means scientists aren’t sure if the eruption was short-lived , or was a continuous jet . ‘ usually , 67p’s dust-jets are rather long-lived , ’ said dr vincent . ‘ most of them last for a full dayside rotation of approximately six hours and even reappear in the next rotation . ’ rosetta is continuing to study comet 67p ahead of its closest approach to the sun in august . and engineers on earth are also hopeful that the philae lander on the surface will soon get enough solar power to wake up from its slumber . this recent image was taken on 15 april from a distance of 103 miles ( 165km ) . it has been processed to spotlight the comet’s activity , including a striking jet on the left , near the neck region . this image was also taken on 15 april , from a distance of 106 miles ( 170km ) from the comet’s centre . it shows the small lobe of the comet on the left , and its large lobe on the right . rosetta is continuing to study comet 67p ahead of its closest approach to the sun in august . and engineers on earth are also hopeful that the philae lander ( illustrated ) on the surface will soon get enough solar power to wake up from its slumber . 