a french television network has been hacked by people claiming allegiance to isis , forcing it to broadcast only pre-recorded programmes . the hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning . the channel 's director , yves bigot , said the attack was continuing this morning . he told rtl radio that the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs , not live content . chilling : the isis hackers completely cut transmission of 11 channels belonging to paris-based tv5 monde and took over its websites and social media accounts for a full three hours early this morning . sick : the hackers posted documents on tv5monde 's facebook page purporting to be the identity cards and cvs of relatives of french soldiers involved in anti-isis operation in iraq . mr bigot said he was shaken when he saw 11 channels with a black screen ' and when we discovered the sense of the message appearing on our social media and our websites , it both allowed us to understand what was happening and obviously worried us . ' ' we can only broadcast pre-recorded programmes . we are not yet in a position to re-establish our broadcasting schedule nor to produce programmes , ' bigot added . the hackers posted documents on tv5monde 's facebook page purporting to be the identity cards and cvs of relatives of french soldiers involved in anti-isis operation in iraq . it also reportedly made specific threats against french troops . ' soldiers of france , stay away from the islamic state ! you have the chance to save your families , take advantage of it , ' read one message on tv5monde 's facebook page . ' the cybercaliphate continues its cyberjihad against the enemies of islamic state , ' the message added . fear : the channel 's director , yves bigot , said the attack was continuing this morning . he told rtl radio that the network has restored its signal but can only broadcast recorded programs , not live content . militants : france is part of a us-led military coalition carrying out air strikes against is in iraq and syria , where the jihadist group ( pictured ) has seized swathes of territory and declared an islamic ' caliphate . almost 1,500 french nationals are currently fighting in syria and iraq - making up a staggering 47 per cent of the european fighters currently waging jihad in the region . senator jean-pierre sueur , who has led an investigation into french extremists , told local media that intelligence officials are also monitoring more than 3,000 people suspected of being involved in syrian networks . that marks a 24 per cent increase in the five months since november , the local reported . in total 85 french nationals are thought to have been killed fighting in isis-held areas in syria and iraq . two more are said to be detained in syria , although sueur did not elaborate on who held them or why they were in the country . the most pressing concern , however , are the estimated 200 jihadis who have since returned to france after leaving syria or iraq . the worry is that these potentially highly-trained killers could be willing and able to carry charlie hebdo-style terror attacks in france . sueur added that french prisons are currently holding 152 known islamic extremists . tv5monde regained control of its social networks by 2:00 am this morning but television broadcasts were likely to take hours , if not days , to return to normal . the attack would have required weeks of preparation , bigot said . late last night bigot told the afp news agency : ' we are no longer able to broadcast any of our channels . our websites and social media sites are no longer under our control and are all displaying claims of responsibility by islamic state . ' the website was still offline by 9:00am local time today , displaying an ' under maintenance ' note to visitors . prime minister manuel valls said the hack was an ' unacceptable attack on the freedom of information and expression ' , voicing ' total solidarity with the editorial staff . ' the hackers had accused french president francois hollande of committing ' an unforgivable mistake ' by getting involved in ' a war that serves no purpose ' . ' that 's why the french received the gifts of charlie hebdo and hyper cacher in january , ' it said on the broadcaster 's facebook page , referring to the twin attacks by islamist gunmen in paris that left 17 people dead over three days and deeply shocked france . a police officer stands guard in front of the main entrance of french television network tv5monde today . french interior minister bernard cazeneuve ( left ) , culture minister fleur pellerin ( centre ) and foreign affairs minister laurent fabius ( right ) talk to the press after visiting french television network tv5monde this morning . a picture taken earlier this morning shows an empty newsroom at french television network tv5monde . jihadists have become increasingly adept at using the internet to spread propaganda and attack media outlets . in feburary , the twitter feed of newsweek was briefly hacked and threats were made against president barack obama 's family . and in the immediate aftermath of the charlie hebdo attacks , hackers claiming to be islamists hijacked hundreds of french websites , flooding them with jihadist propaganda . france is part of a us-led military coalition carrying out air strikes against is in iraq and syria , where the jihadist group has seized swathes of territory and declared an islamic ' caliphate ' . more than 1,500 french nationals have left france to join the militants ' ranks in iraq and syria , where they represent almost half the number of european fighters present , according to a report released wednesday by the french senate . tv5monde is broadcast in more than 200 countries worldwide .