liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet took the time to pose for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit as he returned to england after serving on international duty with belgium in euro 2016 qualifiers against cyprus and israel . although mignolet was included in marc wilmots ' match-day squads for both games , he was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps in either , with chelsea stopper thibaut courtois preferred instead . mignolet posted the pictures of himself in the cockpit on his official facebook account on wednesday . liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet ( centre ) poses with pilots as he returns home from international duty . mignolet had been with the belgium squad for their euro 2016 qualifying games against cyprus and israel . mignolet shares the view from the cockpit window as he returns to england in time to face arsenal . the 27-year-old is back in england ahead of liverpool 's crucial premier league game with top-four rivals arsenal at the emirates on saturday . mignolet , who recovered from some shaky form at the start of the season , has become a key player in the reds ' renaissance since the turn of the year . he recently revealed in an interview how he feels his mental strength helped him cope through the rough patch . speaking about his exile from the first-team early in the campaign , he told fourfourtwo : ' i was positive . every goalkeeper goes through those stages , and you only get mentally stronger from them . because we play so many games , i just looked forward to the next match . mignolet has recovered from an early season dip in form to play a key role in liverpool 's rise up the table . ' i always wanted to keep improving and moving forward . i 'm in my second year now at liverpool and i 've learned a lot . ' there 's always something to work on . i 've just turned 27 but i still pick up things every day . that helps get through difficult moments . ' mignolet has been in impressive form since his return to the liverpool side and has kept six consecutive premier league clean sheets away from home . mignolet has kept six clean sheets in his last six consecutive away premier league games .