a woman has received the shocking news that the man she 's known as her father for 23 years is not actually her biological parent . sarah 's ordeal was played out on tv after she agreed to appear on the jeremy kyle show to undergo a dna test . the 23-year-old mother burst into tears when the presenter revealed phil , who appeared with her on the itv show , was not in fact her real father . scroll down for video . sarah , 23 , was devastated to find out the man she 's always thought was her father is not her biological parent as she appeared on today 's jeremy kyle show . phil , who has raised sarah , was equally upset to learn he is not her real father and was comforted by her and presenter jeremy kyle , left , on the itv show . presenter jeremy kyle , left , broke the news of the dna test to phil and sarah . sarah 's mother had dropped the bombshell that phil - who had raised sarah - may not actually be related to her last year . in an experience akin to the plot of musical mamma mia , sarah was told one of three men could be her father . determined to find out the truth , the pair went on the jeremy kyle show - famed for it 's revealing dna tests - to get an answer . before the results were revealed , sarah spoke of how phil has always been a father figure in her life . the pair appeared on the show after sarah 's mother told her last year that phil was n't her real father . she said : ' he put a roof over my head , he 's always been there for me . i 'd be over the moon if he was my father . i do n't know what i will do if he 's not but he will still be like father to me . ' phil added : ' whatever happens today she will still be my daughter . if she is , it will be the proudest day of my life . ' jeremy read a statement from sarah 's mother - who is no longer in contact with her daughter - in which she confirmed phil was not sarah 's father . but sarah and phil wanted to have the dna test to know for sure . before finding out the dna results , phil said it would be the proudest day of his life if sarah was his daughter , while she said she would be ' over the moon ' . the dna test confirmed phil and sarah are not related but they said it wo n't change their relationship . ' i want to find out truth , it 's been going too long now , ' sarah said . but her fears were realised when the dna test confirmed phil was not her father . on hearing the news , phil held his head in his hands while sarah burst into tears . the pair hugged and vowed the truth would not change their relationship - while jeremy said the show 's team would give them any support they needed moving forward . on discovering the truth , phil told jeremy he will always be a father to sarah . wiping away her tears , sarah said : ' i would like to find out who but my real father is but phil will always be my dad . ' jeremy told phil that he should still be proud of himself : ' you can make a baby in a millisecond but it takes 23 years of support to make a dad . ' the jeremy kyle show , weekdays at 9.25am on itv . 