1 . lewis hamilton ( mercedes ) 68 . 2 . sebastian vettel ( ferrari ) 55 . 3 . nico rosberg ( mercedes ) 51 . nico rosberg was brooding , his face stony , his eyes fixed on the middle distance and his fingers intermittently clapping in anger . he was sitting next to lewis hamilton — as close as the german had got to his mercedes team-mate all afternoon of the chinese grand prix — at a post-race press conference fizzing with recriminations . rosberg , whose usual coiffured , euro-chic sheen had vanished , alleged that hamilton had selfishly tried to spoil his race . the record states that hamilton won , rosberg was second and ferrari’s sebastian vettel third . but rosberg feared he might be overtaken by vettel before the second round of pit stops when hamilton , then leading from pole position , slowed down a few fractions of a second — to conserve his tyres , he said . lewis hamilton is now 13 points clear in the race for the drivers ' championship after winning the chinese grand prix . lewis hamilton led the field on the run down to turn 1 and never looked back as he claimed his second victory from three races . hamilton stands on top of his mercedes and salutes the crowd after claiming the fourth victory of his career in china . hamilton points to his team after extending his lead at the top of the formula one world championship after three rounds . nico rosberg is left with champagne on his face after finishing second . 1 . lewis hamilton ( britain ) mercedes 1:39:42.008 . 2 . nico rosberg ( germany ) mercedes +00:00.714 . 3 . sebastian vettel ( germany ) ferrari 00:02.988 . 4 . kimi raikkonen ( finland ) ferrari 00:03.835 . 5 . felipe massa ( brazil ) williams-mercedes 00:08.544 . 6 . valtteri bottas ( finland ) williams-mercedes 00:09.885 . 7 . romain grosjean ( france ) lotus - mercedes 00:19.008 . 8 . felipe nasr ( brazil ) sauber - ferrari 00:22.625 . 9 . daniel ricciardo ( australia ) red bull - renault 00:32.117 . 10 . marcus ericsson ( sweden ) sauber - ferrari 1 lap . 11 . sergio perez ( mexico ) force india - mercedes 1 lap . 12 . fernando alonso ( spain ) mclaren 1 lap . 13 . jenson button ( britain ) mclaren 1 lap . 14 . carlos sainz jr ( spain ) toro rosso - renault 1 lap . 15 . will stevens ( britain ) marussia - ferrari 2 laps . 16 . roberto merhi ( spain ) marussia - ferrari 2 laps . 17 . max verstappen ( holland ) toro rosso - renault 4 laps . r. pastor maldonado ( venezuela ) lotus - mercedes 7 laps . r. daniil kvyat ( russia ) red bull - renault 41 laps . r. nico hulkenberg ( germany ) force india - mercedes 47 laps . ( rank : r = retired , nc = not classified ) . fastest lap : lewis hamilton,1:42.208 , lap 31 . rosberg asked the team to get hamilton to speed up , an instruction they issued and one with which the briton complied . ‘ i wasn’t controlling his race ; i was controlling my own race , ’ said hamilton , indignantly . ‘ i had no real threat from nico . ’ but rosberg said : ‘it’s interesting to hear from you , lewis , that you were just thinking about yourself with the pace . that opened up the opportunity for sebastian to try that early pit-stop to try and jump me . ’ hamilton countered : ‘ my job is to manage the car and bring the car home as fast as possible and that’s what i did . i didn’t do anything intentionally to slow the cars up . ’ boys , boys . it took a little longer last season for the old karting friends to sling so much mud in public . we are only three races into a 19-round saga and the brickbats and mutual suspicions are already tumbling out . it was easy to sympathise with rosberg but difficult to agree with him . even though he was somewhat stronger here than during the opening two race weekends , he must be reaching his wits’ end , frustrated to distraction , wondering how on earth he can possibly beat hamilton when he is on form . it seems , to this cod psychologist , that it was rosberg’s deep exasperation that led him to behave as he did . niki lauda , the mercedes chairman , came to his not guilty verdict immediately after the race . ‘ we have first and second , ’ said the three-time world champion . hamilton salutes the crowd as he makes his way on to the podium to collect his trophy for winning the chinese grand prix . daniel ricciardo ( left ) and daniil kvyat battle for position on track - the latter was forced to retire after an engine failure . hamilton is covered in champagne by rosberg as the mercedes pair celebrate a one-two finish . ‘ i don’t care if there is a quarrel , as long as vettel is only third . one thing is clear : lewis had pole and controlled the race from beginning to the end . there’s nothing more to say . true , lewis will drive selfishly . these guys are egocentric b******s. it is the only way to win the championship , and nico is the same if the s*** hits the fan . lewis was better this weekend . ‘ there is no friendship out there . when you race you have to fight , that’s it . ’ for hamilton it was a fourth victory at this extravagant confection of a track , the circuit where he suffered one of the blackest moments of his rookie season , ending up in a gravel trap , his championship hopes devastated in 2007 . he again finished the race at a relatively low speed as marshals failed to clear max verstappen’s crippled toro rosso . the safety car came out . anti-climax though it was , a giant roar erupted from the 29,000-strong main grandstand as the chequered flag was waved for hamilton . he was congratulated over the radio for having ‘ the full house’ : pole , fastest lap and race win . it was a flawless performance . the race posed many tantalising questions . the first was whether ferrari could match mercedes in the temperate shanghai climate , as they managed in malaysia a fortnight ago ? they were some way off in the end but clearly close enough to spook rosberg . they will keep mercedes on their toes , and that is balm for the sport . hamilton takes great pleasure in spraying champagne over a grid girl as he celebrates his victory at the shanghai international circuit . rosberg appeared glum on the podium after losing out to team-mate hamilton at the third consecutive race . hamilton , who has provided emphatic answers to every question asked of him since taking last year’s title , made the perfect start . he inclined his car right on the grid , covering rosberg next to him , before darting through the first , right-hand corner in front . contest over before it started . an honourable mention for 17-year-old verstappen , who drove his toro rosso with great elan . he put his car down the inside of marcus ericsson’s sauber , causing max’s father and former racer jos to exhale in relief as he watched the dangerous move from the garage . he then applauded in admiration . alas , verstappen’s engine gave up on him and he left his machine parked on the start-finish straight . red bull’s woes continued with daniil kvyat’s renault engine billowing grey smoke into the shanghai air . their other car , driven by daniel ricciardo , was ninth . mclaren were even less successful than red bull , again . jenson button was demoted a place to 14th , having collided with pastor maldonado’s lotus . button’s team-mate fernando alonso was 12th after being lapped by vettel , his replacement at ferrari . vettel was smiling afterwards , but not as widely as hamilton . max verstappen starred once more following a number of thrilling passes , but he failed to make it to the end of the race after his engine expired . jenson button , who finished 13th , was involved in a collision with pastor maldonado towards the end of the race .