i spoke to carl froch for an hour this week and we have talked long and hard about what he is going to do next . needless to say , we were disappointed to see julio cesar chavez jnr lose at the weekend against andrzej fonfara . it wasn’t a result we were expecting and it also blows away the chance of froch and chavez fighting in las vegas – a fight carl wanted . now we turn to three big fights in the next two months to see what carl does next . i have held talks with gennady golovkin’s manager and there is also the possibility of bernard hopkins , but there are three fights coming up where the winner could work for carl . carl froch ( left ) has not fought since beating george groves at wembley last may . froch has kept in shape and weighs 12st 7lbs - despite being away from the ring for nearly a year now . froch had hoped to meet julio cesar chavez jr , but he lost to andrzej fonfara last week . there is the possibility of paul smith-andre ward in the pipeline , anthony dirrell versus badou jack for the wbc world title and andre dirrell’s ibf world title fight against james degale , which is the biggest bout of this trio . anthony dirrell’s people have already been in touch with me about a froch fight in the event that he wins , but i wonder if it is big enough . a fight against degale still feels to me like the most probable , if he comes through against dirrell on may 23 . that is a huge fight , a proper 50-50 , but i fully believe he can do it . for me , from talking to carl , i think he needs to fight again in 2015 if he is to ever return . if doesn’t come back this year , i don’t think he will . he has been a year out of the ring so let’s see . i know he is going to have an eagle eye on all these fights . the possibility of him retiring is very high but he is still training hard . he is walking around at 12st 7lbs and in the gym four to five days a week . the guy has the hunger but it has to be for the right fight and the right money . my belief is still that it might be degale . degale has looked sensational in camp and is improving at a brilliant rate – if he wins the title over in the us he will be in a great position . i mentioned golovkin before . when i was on the phone to carl he spent 20 minutes talking about the guy . he is a fighter that absolutely fascinates him ; it’s a fight that would get everyone talking . i am looking at it . it would have to be at 168lbs and it would be special . i wouldn’t want to be the one to find out how golovkin punches at the weight but carl has a sick mind like that . i’m not going to rule that one out . james degale ( right ) has now emerged as the most likely next opponent for froch on his return . another option for froch could be a rematch with ward , should the american beat paul smith . after a disappointing couple of weeks it seems that my hopes to stage carl frampton-scott quigg this summer are dead in the water . we received no offers from their side and made three of our own – we offered a 50-50 split , a 60-40 in favour of the winner and also a £1.5m guarantee to frampton . i sent that last offer in writing to them and had no response . you ask yourself who is making these decisions ? it is life-changing money for frampton that has been offered . let’s hope they don’t spend the rest of their lives kicking themselves . scott will move on and fight on july 18 . i can guarantee that in his next fight he will fight a tougher opponent than frampton will . scott quigg ( right , in action against hidenori othake ) will fight on july 18 against an unnamed opponent . carl frampton 's team failed to make an offer to fight quigg , according to his promoter hearn . hearn went live on sky sports to offer frampton and his team £1.5m to fight quigg . anthony joshua has been added to my may 9 show in birmingham , where he will fight rafael zumbano love , the south american champion . he is 6ft 4ins and this will be a good test for anthony against a big man before he then has his 02 fight against kevin johnson on may 30 . we are keeping him busy , which is what he wants . i saw him in the gym this week and he is looking awesome . after the johnson fight he will be out again on july 18 in manchester and then in september in a big fight . watch this space . anthony joshua ( left ) beat jason gavern ( right ) last time out and will now face rafael zumbano love . 