dr christopher valentine ( pictured ) used his ipod to take illicit photos of patients , a tribunal heard . a doctor who was allowed to continue working after taking intimate photographs of patients has been caught doing it again , it emerged yesterday . dr christopher valentine , 52 , was sacked from a sexual health clinic and hauled before the general medical council nine years ago for photographing half-naked male and female patients without consent . his behaviour was branded ‘inappropriate’ but he was not struck off and went to work at an nhs service for drug addicts and alcoholics . however , the married doctor has been caught again after a nurse saw images of a semi-naked man on his ipod touch during a night out . fiona white was stunned to find the pictures while looking at others he had taken of colleagues at a a leaving do . valentine told her the image – which appeared to be of a man’s genitals – was of a patient’s heroin injection site , but miss white and another nurse who saw it were suspicious and decided to report him to his boss . yesterday , the medical practitioners’ tribunal in manchester heard that miss white saw the pictures on the ipod in april 2013 at a leaving party for a member of clydebank community addiction team , a unit led by valentine that treats addicts near glasgow . giving evidence at the fitness-to-practise hearing , miss white said : ‘ he started taking photographs around the table and i asked to have a look at them . he handed me the device and i scrolled through and saw photos of people at the table and came across a photo of his cat . ‘ i kept going and came across a photo of what i would describe as a male groin . i didn’t look close but i remember getting such a shock . ’ miss white gasped at the image , prompting her colleague maria forrester , who was sitting next to her , to look at the ipod , too . mrs forrester , a senior addiction nurse , said : ‘ in the blink of an eye i could see what she had reacted to . it looked like it was a part of a male body . she seemed quite startled . a nurse was swiping through photographs of dr valentine 's pets when she came across an image of a semi-naked man , a tribunal . ‘ i remember dr valentine saying these were pictures of injection sites . i think i did see genitals . ’ mrs forrester said she met miss white later to discuss their concerns , adding : ‘ there was a consensus that both of us had seen a naked image of part of a male’s body . ' i was concerned that patients were being photographed without consent . i thought i had to report this . ' i couldn’t think of any reason why that doctor would have pictures of patients’ groins . ’ valentine told his boss he took the photos for teaching purposes and used his ipod because he was unable to use nhs equipment . the fitness to practice hearing took place at the medical practitioners tribunal service ( pictured ) in manchester . but an investigation found he used the device to take 53 photos , some of vulnerable patients of both sexes . some were stored on his home computer . more than half had been deleted when the ipod was seized and had to be retrieved by it specialists . valentine , of dunoon , west scotland , admitted ten allegations of taking photographs without medical reason or consent and showing them to colleagues . he denied lying to his boss about how many he had taken and keeping them on his device until august 2013 . the hearing continues .