hodor hodor hodor . hodor hodor ? hodor . hodor-hodor . hodor ! while this sentence might puzzle many , fans of the hit hbo show game of thrones , the fifth season of which had its us premiere last night , will understand the reference . hodor is the brawny , simple-minded stableboy of the stark family in winterfell . his defining characteristic , of course , is that he only speaks a single word : ' hodor . ' hodor , a character in game of thrones , earned his name because he says only the word ' hodor ' over and over again . he may have expressive aphasia , according to jordan lewis , of penn state medical school . but those who read the a song of ice and fire book series by george r r martin may know something that the tv fans do n't : his name is n't actually hodor . according to his great-grandmother old nan , his real name is walder . ' no one knew where ' hodor ' had come from , ' she says , ' but when he started saying it , they started calling him by it . it was the only word he had . ' whether he intended it or not , martin created a character who is a textbook example of someone with a neurological condition called expressive aphasia . losing the ability to speak . in 1861 , french physician paul broca was introduced to a man named louis-victor leborgne . while his comprehension and mental functioning remained relatively normal , mr leborgne progressively lost the ability to produce meaningful speech over a period of 20 years . like hodor , the man was nicknamed tan because he only spoke a single word : ' tan . ' just a few days after meeting dr broca , leborgne passed away . dr broca 's autopsy determined tissue damage , or a ' lesion ' , in the frontal lobe of mr leborgne 's left brain hemisphere , just next to a brain fold called the lateral sulcus . in 1861 , a french physician called dr broca found a particular part of the brain is involved in language . it became known as broca 's area ( pictured in red ) . damage to broca 's area causes language problems . over the next two years , dr broca acquired brains from 12 more patients with mr leborgne 's symptoms – all of the autopsy evidence was strikingly consistent . neuroscientists are still examining this small region of the brain , now often referred to as ' broca 's area ' to work out its many functions . most research has focused on a patient 's inability to form syntactically complex sentences when this area is damaged . more recent work using functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fmri ) has also reported that broca 's area is active during language comprehension tasks , interpretation of movement and comprehending various gestures also associated with speech , such as waving goodbye . how brain damage affects speech . in collaboration with french scientists in 2007 , a group at the university of california revisited the brains of mr leborgne and mr lelong ( another of mr broca 's patients who could only speak five words ) using mri scans . one of their most interesting findings was that their lesions extended much deeper than broca had reported , suggesting that multiple brain regions were probably contributing to their speech deficits . this evidence of widespread damage is unsurprising . mr leborgne , mr lelong – and even hodor – are actually more extreme examples of individuals with expressive aphasia . the new series of game of thrones , featuring hodor , played by kristian nairns , aired yesterday . more commonly , a person with the disorder will express themselves in ' telegraphic speech ' , which usually comprises three or so words , including a noun and a verb . for example , someone may say , ' anne , dog , walk ' to mean ' i walked the dog with anne today . ' the most common cause of expressive aphasia is stroke , which occurs when a blood clot blocks a vessel in the brain , resulting in tissue damage due to lack of oxygen . it 's estimated that expressive aphasia occurs in 12 per cent of stroke patients , while roughly 35 per cent of stroke patients suffer from a language aphasia of some form . expressive aphasia can also be caused by a tumour , haemorrhage , a haematoma in the membrane covering of the brain , or trauma to the head . it has been reported that mr leborgne suffered from epileptic seizures as a child – some have speculated that he may have experienced head trauma during one such episode . so what 's hodor 's story ? did he sustain a blow to the head , suffer a stroke , or was he simply a giant baby dropped by his mother ? he may only speak one word , but like the other characters in the show , hodor too may have a quite an interesting backstory .  