the founder of poundland who grew up with the family motto ' if you do n't work you do n't eat ' has revealed how he gave his parents £25million when he sold the company – but still relies on pocket money from his wife . steve smith , 52 , grew up helping his father run a stall at bilston market in the west midlands , and opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent at the age of 18 in 1990 . the venture was an overnight success and he became a self-made millionaire when he sold the company for a staggering £50million 10 years later . scroll down for video . steve smith , 52 , ( pictured outside his £6.5million shropshire mansion ) opened his first poundland shop in burton-upon-trent at the age of 18 in 1990 and sold the firm 10 years later for a staggering £50million . when he sold poundland ( pictured ) in 2000 , mr smith gave half of his profits - £25million - to his parents . he said he wanted to repay his father 's initial loan of £50,000 which helped him start the company at just 18 . today , mr smith lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in shropshire , which comes complete with its own swimming pool , snooker room and pub , having successfully launched poundshop.com - an online version of poundland . yet , he still receives ' pocket money ' from his wife tracy , with whom he has three children : joe , ashley and katie . he told the telegraph : ' on a day-to-day basis my wife gives me a little pocket money . the problem with me is that if i have any cash on me i spend it , so she 'll give me about £10 or £20 a day . ' his daily hand-out is a fraction of his estimated £40million worth , having successfully invested his money in other business ventures and property since making his fortune in the 1990s . with more than 500 stores in the uk - more than double the number it had five years ago – poundland has gone from strength-to-strength selling everything from toys to toiletries , stationery to shampoo and bread to biscuits . but mr smith decided to sell his firm in 2000 and gave his parents half of the profit from the sale when he did so . he said he wanted to repay his father 's initial loan of £50,000 which helped him start the company . he told the newspaper : ' the first thing i did was give my mum and dad half of it . my dad had lent me £50,000 to start the company so i suppose it was a good return for him . ' if it were n't for my dad learning the trade and passing it on to me then it would n't have happened . ' he previously said he knew poundland would be a success because ' people love a bargain ' . he said : ' they love the unknown . they liked to rummage . ' in poundland , we bought stock from all over the world — golf clubs , fantastic products . it was great value for money , and that is what motivates me . i love giving the public value for money . ' as well as sharing his wealth among his family , mr smith also used part of his poundland profits to snap up hammer hill house , a sprawling mansion near bridgnorth , shropshire , 14 years ago . mr smith , 52 , lives in a 13-bedroom mansion in shropshire , which comes complete with its own swimming pool , snooker room , pub , five grand reception rooms , dancefloor , helicopter bed and 30 acres of countryside . despite his wealth , mr smith has admitted that he still receives ' pocket money ' from his wife tracy , with whom he has three children : joe , ashley and katie . pictured : inside the mansion he shares with his family . mr smith used part of his poundland profits to snap up hammer hill house , a sprawling mansion near bridgnorth , shropshire , 14 years ago . he has since spent millions doubling the size of the 15,000 sq.ft house . his 13-bedroom home also features an indoor swimming pool , a helicopter pad and five reception rooms . the property was originally designed by sir bertram clough williams-ellis , who famously created the italianate village of portmeirion in north wales . but after mr smith moved in , he soon started to put his own spin on it and set out to double the size of the house . the mansion is now 15,000 sq.ft . with 80 windows and boasts its own indoor swimming pool , helicopter pad , indoor dancefloor with disco lights , a snooker room , five reception rooms and an 18-seat walnut dining table . set in almost 30 acres of rolling countryside , there is also a host of expensive vehicles parked outside the property including a white rolls-royce . mr smith recently put the property on the market , having spent millions refurbishing it , as he and his wife want to downsize now their children are reaching their late teens and twenties . he said : ' the house is very special to us and it will be a real wrench for us to leave . ' we began refurbishing the home in 2000 and finally finished it in 2007 . it was a real labour of love and no expense was spared . mr smith is particularly pleased with his full bar ( pictured ) in his mansion . he said : ' i especially love our home pub with a fully stocked bar . it 's really unique and we 've had some great parties there . ' set in almost 30 acres of rolling countryside , his mansion also boasts its own indoor swimming pool , helicopter pad , dancefloor with lights , a snooker room , reception rooms and an 18-seat walnut dining table . with more than 500 stores in the uk - more than double the number it had five years ago – poundland has gone from strength-to-strength , making mr smith a self-made millionaire . pictured : his shropshire mansion . mr smith recently put his sprawling mansion on the market for £6.5million , having spent millions refurbishing it , as he and his wife want to downsize now their children are older and moving into their own homes . ' i especially love our home pub with a fully stocked bar . it 's really unique and we 've had some great parties there . ' the multi-millionaire is selling his home via his own property investment company called estates direct - an online house-selling service that aims to cut out 'rip-off ' estate agents and their fees . he estimates that he has saved the public over £2million , breaking it down to a saving of about £3,000 per home , with the estate agency service . ' i love hearing they have spent the money on something like a new kitchen instead , ' he said . despite his flash purchases , saving money is something which mr smith still does himself too . he claims to still fly economy class when he can and considers value-for-money when he is present buying . speaking of a previous thrifty christmas present for his wife , he said : ' my wife loves jewellery . so i bought her a lovely…jewellery cleaner . she loves it . it was £120 , very good value . '