not a single labour candidate questioned by a major polling company mentioned the deficit as being one of the biggest issues facing britain . ipsos mori interviewed almost 100 candidates from the major parties , asking them what they thought the most important issues facing the country were . not one labour candidate listed the government spending or the deficit ; compared to 35 per cent of tory candidates . in an ipsosmori survey of people standing for election , not one of ed miliband 's labour candidates named the deficit as an important issue facing the country . 35 per cent of tories mentioned the deficit , 5 % of lib dems and 9 per cent of those surveyed standing for the scottish national party . among the liberal democrats , 5 per cent mentioned the deficit as an issue ; and even among the left-wing snp , it was brought up by 9 per cent of candidates . the omission recalls ed miliband’s embarrassing gaffe in which he completely forgot an entire passage about the deficit from his conference speech last year . the issue of britain’s relationship with the eu was also not mentioned by a single labour candidate . unlike david cameron , mr miliband is not pledging any renegotiation of powers or a referendum on eu membership . pollsters from ipsos mori asked 98 candidates to list what they thought were the biggest issues . they could mention anything they liked – there were no promptings . the top issue for all parties was the economy , mentioned by 85 per cent of conservative and lib dem candidates but only 62 per cent of labour ones . for labour , the economy tied with health and the nhs as the main issue . it was mentioned by 62 per cent of candidates , compared with 65 per cent for the lib dems and 54 per cent of tories . the next most important issues for labour were ‘inequality’ ( mentioned by 24 per cent of candidates ) , housing ( 21 per cent ) , and then jobs , immigration and education ( all tied on 14 per cent ) . for tory candidates , the third most important issue was spending and the deficit ( 35 per cent ) , jobs ( 31 per cent ) , education ( 27 per cent ) and the relationship with the eu ( 19 per cent ) . no conservative candidates mentioned inequality , housing or the impact of austerity . the economy and the nhs were the most frequently mentioned issues among the three main parties . immigration , housing and international ties were the least likely to be mentioned by candidates . austerity was the most important issue for the snp ( 64 per cent ) , while surprisingly only 3 per cent of labour candidates mentioned it . the survey , unveiled at a briefing by ipsos mori , was based on interviews with 98 candidates , including 26 tories , 29 labour and 20 lib dems . the briefing pointed out that the last time an opposition party was elected with an overall majority after just a single parliament out of office – the goal of labour – was in 1931 . it said that a leader had never been elected prime minister with such low ratings as mr miliband . but it also pointed out that the last time a governing party increased its votes hare after more than two years in office – the goal of mr cameron if the tories are to govern alone – was 1955 . meanwhile harriet harman has admitted that drivers could be hit with a hike in fuel duty if labour gets into power . the deputy labour leader refused to rule out above inflation increases in taxes on fuel , alcohol , tobacco or air fares . asked if the party would raise the levy on petrol , she told lbc : ‘ we rule out increasing vat , the basic or the higher rate of tax , we will put up the top rate of tax , we will not put up the national insurance rates . ‘ for all the other taxes that there are – you know , airport taxes , i can’t remember what they are called , airport passenger duties , or alcohol duties or tobacco or petrol – we will lay that out in the budget . ’ it emerged that chuka umunna , the shadow business secretary , had called for the scrapping of the trident nuclear deterrent . the potential leadership contender suggested that trident should be ‘ the first to go in the round of public spending cuts to come after the general election’ , according to a 2010 interview with brixton blog .