most people would run away if they saw a pile of soil and rubble creeping towards them as if it had a life of its own . but one russian youtuber captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake . the eerie phenomenon is called an ' earthflow ' and is a rare type of landslide . a russian youtuber has captured the terrifying moment a stream of soil flowed down a bank next to a main road ( pictured ) , crushing trees in its powerful path and leaving toppled power lines in its wake . alexander giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the kemerovo region of russia , which is thought to have happened at around 1pm on april 1 , according to a blog post on the american geophysical union’s website . in the video , snow-covered soil can be seen sliding down the bank at the side of a road , which is thought to run between novokuznetsk and bolshaya talda . the earthflow also blocked nearby railroad tracks and caused power outages , but no one was hurt . commenting on the post , a user called michal said : ‘ the landslide looks like it may have come from a large coal mine area . ' alexander giniyatullin kept a remarkably steady hand filming the scary scene in the kemerovo region of russia ( shown by the red marker ) , which is thought to have happened at 1pm on april 1 . an earthflow is a type of landslide . it 's a viscous flow of fine-grained materials , such as clay , sand and silt that have been saturated with water and moves downhill because of the pull of gravity . as the earthflow moves down a slope , it remains covered with any vegetation and typically leaves a bowl-shaped depression behind . earthflows usually begin in a large basin on the upper part of a slope where debris and weathered material accumulate . they are usually triggered by heavy rainfall , so that when the debris becomes saturated with enough water , it starts flowing downhill . the speed of an earthflow can vary depending on the amount of water present and the angle of the slope and varies from 0.11 to 12.4 mph ( 0.17 to 20 km/h ) . as the earthflow gathers momentum , it can be seen crushing trees in its path , and the sound of crumbling soil and splintering wood can be heard in the video . the cameraman backs away as the material eerily creeps across the width of the road , where he was previously standing and it seems to spread along the bank at a walking pace . an earthflow is a viscous flow of fine-grained materials , such as clay , sand and silt that have been saturated with water and moves downhill because of the pull of gravity . as the earthflow runs down a slope , it remains covered with any vegetation and typically leaves a bowl-shaped depression behind . it is slower than a mud flow , which can cover villages beneath mud in minutes . earthflows usually begin in a large basin on the upper part of a slope where debris and weathered material accumulate , - although this point can not be seen in the video . as the earthflow gathers momentum , it can be seen crushing trees in its path ( pictured ) and the sound of crumbling soil and splintering wood can be heard . the speed of an earthflow can vary depending on the amount of water present and the angle of the slope and varies from being barely noticeable to relatively rapid , as seen in the video when a road becomes completely blocked ( pictured ) in a matter of minutes . research suggests that rockfall son mont blanc ( pictured ) are caused by warming temperatures . climbers have long suspected that hotter summers trigger rockfalls on the slopes of mont blanc in the french alps . now a study of 533 rockfalls reported by climbers or spotted on satellite images of the mountain since 2003 , has bolstered the opinion that climate change is making popular routes up europe 's highest mountain more treacherous . ludovic ranavel of the university of savoie at le bourget-du-lac in the alps , spotted a strong correlation between the number of rockfalls and air and rock temperatures on the slopes , new scientist reported . he thinks that melting permafrost may be to blame , because it loosens rocks that were held in place with ice , causing them to fall . the expert revealed that 95 per cent of rockfalls around the mountain occur during between june and september - the hottest months of the year . most begin in areas 10,170ft ( 3,100 metres ) above sea level , close to the zone containing perma ice , he told the european geosciences union 's general assembly in vienna . as the alps get hotter , the zone is thought to be receding , creating more rockfalls than before . they are usually triggered by heavy rainfall , so that when the debris becomes saturated with enough water , it starts flowing downhill . the video shows a stream of water running down the road as the debris falls down the slope , indicating the mass of soil is waterlogged . the speed of an earthflow can vary depending on the amount of water present and the angle of the slope , varying from being barely noticeable to relatively rapid , as seen in the video when a road becomes completely blocked in a matter of minutes . experts at san diego state university said speeds can range from 0.11 to 12.4 mph ( 0.17 to 20 km/h ) . in fact , it can take minutes or years for material to move down slops and earthflows can affect anything from a few metres of land , to several hectares . in the video , the flow of debris is quite fast and it’s possible to see industrial equipment toppled at the top of the slope , while trees are crushed beneath the moving earth and what appear to be power lines and pylons pulled down and dragged along by the moving mass of earth . the movement seems to speed up as the cameraman beats a hasty retreat down the road . when he pans back along the way he has come , the road is completely blocked by a debris that looks as if it is between one and two storeys high in places . towards the end of the footage , the speed of the earthflow seems to decline , but it continues to creep across the road , to completely cross it .