thierry henry said the stadium of light was the noisiest atmosphere he had ever experienced during sunderland’s derby win over newcastle . six days later , silence reigned . a sorrowful silence as thousands streamed for the exits in the wake of crystal palace’s fourth goal inside 14 second-half minutes . sunderland strikers steven fletcher and jermain defoe ca n't hide their disappointment following defeat . a shameful silence as sunderland’s players afterwards absorbed the shock of another embarrassing home collapse . but perhaps most damning was the sad silence of realisation from dick advocaat . when asked how concerned he was that the side he has inherited are in danger of the drop , he grimaced for fully 10 seconds before returning : ‘ worried ? yes , very worried . ’ and he has every reason to be . sunderland manager dick advocaat looks on as sunderland are dismantled at home by crystal palace . the stands emptied during the second-half at the stadium of light as sunderland conceded four goals . exactly four weeks earlier advocaat had watched from the comfort of his home in holland as sunderland trailed 4-0 at half-time to aston villa , a side who had scored just twice on the road all season . on saturday , he watched from the discomfort of the touchline as yannick bolasie trebled his tally for the campaign with a devastating 11-minute hat-trick . the congolese forward had earlier laid on the opener for glenn murray . palace were ruthless and alan pardew , beaten in his last four tyne-wear derbies as newcastle boss , had his revenge . yannick bolasie applauds the travelling fans holding the match ball after helping crystal palace to victory . sunderland ( 4-3-3 ) : pantilimon 4.5 ; jones 5 , vergini 4 , o’shea 3.5 , van aanholt 5 ; rodwell 5 , cattermole 4.5 ( bridcutt 64min , 5 ) , gomez 4.5 ( johnson 60 , 5 ) ; defoe 5 , fletcher 5 , wickham 6 . subs not used : reveillere , graham , coates , mannone , buckley . scorer : wickham 89 . booked : rodwell , cattermole . crystal palace ( 4-4-2 ) : speroni 6 ; ward 6 , dann 7.5 , delaney 6.5 , souare 6 ( kelly 35 , 6 ) ; zaha 7.5 , mcarthur 6.5 ( ledley 69 , 6 ) , jedinak 6.5 , puncheon 7 ; bolasie 9 ( sanogo 71 , 6 ) , murray 8 . subs not used : hangeland , hennessey , gayle , ameobi . scorers : murray 48 , bolasie 51 , 54 , 62 . booked : dann . man of the match : yannick bolasie . referee : anthony taylor 6 . super stat : sunderland have now lost the four matches immediately after their tyne-wear derby victories . sunderland , though , had again given a depressing demonstration of how to surrender a football match . when your skipper , john o’shea , is out-fought for a ball with the odds stacked in his favour — as he was for bolasie’s second — then you know your problems have permeated the core of the team . jermain defoe , derby match winner the previous weekend , played as if he had been issued with an exclusion order from the penalty box . advocaat said : ‘ i can see for myself that we don’t create enough chances even though we play with three strikers . even when we play with so many up front we don’t create anything and that means there is something wrong in the squad . ‘ we showed we can do something against newcastle but if we carry on performing like this then we have no chance . ’ on this evidence , advocaat is right . sunderland will only be spared relegation by the shortcomings of others . they are not capable of saving themselves , as they did in miraculous fashion 12 months ago . given that the season finishes with trips to arsenal and chelsea they are now working on a four-game rescue plan . wilfired zaha joins an ecstatic bolasie ( left ) after the forward produced a stunning hat-trick in the second-half . for palace and brilliant bolasie , meanwhile , they are only looking up after four straight wins . and the 25-year-old credited pardew following his first senior hat-trick . ‘ that ( goals ) is what the manager has been demanding from me , ’ he said . ‘ he has been putting me right in the middle of sessions , even doing the lay-ups for me . crystal palace forward zaha evades the attention of sunderland striker fletcher during the contest . ‘ he has put sessions on that have been especially for the strikers , it’s been excellent . ’ pardew enjoyed seeing his side run riot . murray headed them in front before bolasie executed three swift breakaways . a league table from pardew’s time in charge has palace fifth . and he added : ‘ we are a pretty young team and only need to add two or three to the squad and we could be a real force next season . ’ as for next season for sunderland , they can only hope they’re in the same division as palace . advocaat shakes hands with opposition manager alan pardew knowing his side is in real relegation danger .