the flag-burning father of a runaway british jihadi schoolgirl yesterday admitted taking his daughter to an extremist rally when she was 13 . abase hussen – who blamed police for failing to stop his daughter fleeing to join is earlier this year – conceded the teenager was ‘maybe’ influenced by the rally organised by banned terror group al-muhajiroun . mr hussen told mps last month , after his daughter amira abase fled to syria aged 15 , that he could think of ‘nothing’ to explain why she and two friends had decided to join is , as well as keeping quiet about his own links to radicalism . scroll down for video . abase hussen , left , took his daughter amira , right , to a demonstration when she was aged just 13 . abase hussen , circled , marched at the head of a violent rally held by muslim extremists in london in 2012 . it then emerged he had been in caught in shocking video footage amid a flag-burning mob , screaming in rage at a protest outside the us embassy in london , in 2012 . also at the rally were hate cleric anjem choudary and michael adebowale , one of the killers of fusilier lee rigby . he has now apologised for attending , but admitted going to two further rallies – with his impressionable daughter in tow . one took place outside the saudi embassy in london , in 2013 , and is said to have been organised by the islamic extremist group al-muhajiroun , founded by hate cleric omar bakri mohammed and linked to many islamic terror atrocities of the past decade . yesterday mr hussen , who went to this rally and another similar one with his daughter and wife fetia , conceded they might have influenced the youngster , who would have been 13 at the time . ‘ the only reason we took her first time , was because there was no one to look after her and we both felt it important to go , ’ he said . the rally was held against the treatment of ethiopians in saudi arabia after human rights violations , and mr hussen , 47 , who is from ethiopia , said : ‘ we both lost many people back home , we wanted to try to get help for people back home , too many human rights violations there . many died . maybe it influenced her . ’ amira was one of three girls from bethnal green academy in east london who flew to turkey before being smuggled across the border into syria in february . soon after , in an extraordinary exchange at the home affairs select committee , mr hussen blamed the authorities for failing to stop his daughter running off to syria . asked by chairman keith vaz if amira had been exposed to any extremism , mr hussen replied : ‘ not at all . nothing . ’ yesterday respected analyst shiraz maher , senior fellow at the international centre for the study of radicalisation at king’s college london , tweeted : ‘ remember that amira abase’s father blamed the police for his daughter going to syria and effectively misled parliament with this nonsense . ’ mr hussen told the times yesterday that he felt ashamed to have been at the flag-burning rally . he said : ‘ i went to show my feelings because my religion was being insulted , my faith . protesting is not radical , it is our right . ’ amira abase , pictured , was one of three girls who flew from gatwick to turkey before crossing to syria . asked why he was pictured at the front of the mob , he said : ‘ the crowd pushed me . i feel tricked . i did not know who they [ the organisers ] were . i just followed the crowd , i feel ashamed . ’ mr hussen came to britain from germany in 1999 and said he came ‘ for democracy , for the freedom , for a better life for children , so they could learn english’ . he said he was upset with his daughter joining is , saying she was ‘ just a normal kid who is a victim of extremists’ . mr hussen said he felt ‘terrible’ to know he had been protesting with one of mr rigby’s killers and said : ‘ it was brutal , it has nothing to do with islam , it is not human . you don’t do things like this . ’ amira fled to become a ‘ jihadi bride’ with her friends shamima begum , 15 , and kadiza sultana , 16 . a fourth girl from their school , sharmeena begum , left for syria in december . giving evidence to the mps’ committee , mr hussen accused police of not doing enough to warn him and other parents . last night tory mp michael ellis , who sits on the committee , said : ‘ i would certainly be in favour of mr hussen being recalled to give him a full opportunity to explain what he clearly did not when he appeared before us . ‘it’s shocking and outrageous anyone would think it appropriate to take their 13-year-old to such a rally . but then to tell a house of commons committee you have no idea why a young teenager should seek to travel to syria , when you have taken her to more than one of these events , is simply breathtaking . ’  