celtic have written to the scottish football association in order to gain an ' understanding ' of the refereeing decisions during their scottish cup semi-final defeat by inverness on sunday . the hoops were left outraged by referee steven mclean 's failure to award a penalty or red card for a clear handball in the box by josh meekings to deny leigh griffith 's goal-bound shot during the first-half . caley thistle went on to win the game 3-2 after extra-time and denied rory delia 's men the chance to secure a domestic treble this season . celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings . celtic 's adam matthews ( right ) slides in with a strong challenge on nick ross in the scottish cup semi-final . ' given the level of reaction from our supporters and across football , we are duty bound to seek an understanding of what actually happened , ' celtic said in a statement . they added , ' we have not been given any other specific explanation so far and this is simply to understand the circumstances of what went on and why such an obvious error was made . ' however , the parkhead outfit made a point of congratulating their opponents , who have reached the first-ever scottish cup final in their history , describing caley as a ' fantastic club ' and saying ' reaching the final is a great achievement . ' celtic had taken the lead in the semi-final through defender virgil van dijk 's curling free-kick on 18 minutes , but were unable to double that lead thanks to the meekings controversy . it allowed inverness a route back into the game and celtic had goalkeeper craig gordon sent off after the restart for scything down marley watkins in the area . greg tansey duly converted the resulting penalty . edward ofere then put caley thistle ahead , only for john guidetti to draw level for the bhoys . with the game seemingly heading for penalties , david raven scored the winner on 117 minutes , breaking thousands of celtic hearts . celtic captain scott brown ( left ) protests to referee steven mclean but the handball goes unpunished . griffiths shows off his acrobatic skills during celtic 's eventual surprise defeat by inverness . celtic pair aleksandar tonev ( left ) and john guidetti look dejected as their hopes of a domestic treble end .