an inventor has solved the problem of the millions of coffee capsules that are thrown away each year after use - with sugar-coated pods that dissolve in water . the soaring popularity of home coffee machines has led to a increasing amount of waste generated by caffeine lovers . now , designer eason chow believes his innovative new product could be the solution - and found inspiration from the sugar-coated sweets dispensed from gumball machines . it involves covering coffee granules in milk powder then dipping the whole lot in sugar to create a revolutionary capsule with no waste created whatsoever . taking inspiration from sugar-coated sweets in gumball machines , eason chow believes his dissolvable pods solve the problem of the rising waste generated from coffee capsules . mr chow , 25 , from singapore , has also made a stackable coffee maker to use the capsules with . mr chow says the sugar coating will come in varying thickness and flavourings to suit all tastes - and he has also made a stackable coffee maker to use the capsules with . he came up with the idea after realising how much waste packaging is generated from coffee capsules each year . the product , called droops , is still in the early stages , but mr chow says the coffee pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost around £80 . the 25-year-old , from singapore , said : ' droops coffee maker redefines the experience of processing coffee in conventional coffee makers . ' the inspiration for the project came from the observation of how much unnecessary waste of packaging is made from coffee machines which use capsules . the product , called droops , is still in the early stages . the pods will cost around £4 for a pack of 20 and the machine will cost around £80 . mr chows says he wanted to incorporate an element of surprise and fun in the design . pictured : sketches of the droop in process . ' this led to me thinking of how can the process be redefined and be fun . ' he explained he drew ' memories to my childhood ' and ' the surprising and fun element of dispensing sweets from a gumball machine ' . ' therefore , i decided to adapt this element of surprise and fun into the design and even personalising the coffee pods with different possibilities to heighten the desire of tasting different coffee types . ' he added that most coffee machines on the market are very industrialised and made to process coffee out of convenience . ' they neglect the importance of the visualising and the social responsibility through its usage , ' he said . ' droops coffee maker aims to be a benchmark that identifies and exemplifies the importance of these elements to fun coffee drinking . ' the rise of coffee machines for home-use has led to a new waste problem that was virtually non-existent a few years ago thanks to the single-use pods to make beverages . normally , these pods are made from recyclable materials - such as aluminium or plastic - but they are rarely disposed of in an environmentally-friendly manner . according to zero waste europe , an estimated 10 billion coffee capsules were sold worldwide in 2010 , a tenth of which was in italy alone . but in the coffee-loving country , around 12,000 tonnes of pods that could have been recycled were disposed in landfills . as a result of the rising waste problem , nespresso launched an initiative to encourage customers to recycle their capsules . and tassimo is aiming to save their tdiscs and outer flow wrap packaging from going to landfill by partnering with terracycle . there are 323 public drop-off points in the tassimo brigade across the uk - and more than seven million pieces of tassimo waste have been saved from going to a uk landfill . as an eco-friendly innovator , terracycle recycles the collected used tassimo tdiscs and packaging into useful products . mr chow developed the idea after realising how much waste packaging is generated from coffee capsules . 