wojciech szczesny will start in the fa cup semi-final but the future looks bleak for the poland goalkeeper who has been deposed as arsenal’s no 1 . arsene wenger confirmed szczesny will play ahead of david ospina against reading at wembley on saturday but offered no further guarantees . ‘ at the moment , i hope yes , ’ said wenger , after a long , uncharacteristic hesitation , when asked if szczesny had a long-term future at the club . ‘ it is very difficult to answer that question , you know . what is important is saturday . wojciech szczesny will start in goal for arsenal for the their fa cup clash with reading at wembley . ‘ his attitude is very good . he has trained very well , very focused . your job is to fight for your place , no matter how difficult it is . when you choose this kind of job you know it is down to competition . ’ szczesny is understood to be content with his situation and confident of winning back his place . his arsenal contract runs until 2018 , but he has made just three appearances — all in the fa cup — since an error-strewn display at southampton on new year’s day . arsenal have greatly improved since the defeat at st mary’s when szczesny mix-ups led to two goals . he then infuriated wenger after the game by puffing on a cigarette in the showers . the polish international has lost his place to david ospina after a number of errors this season . former arsenal midfielder john jensen went on danish television before the smoking revelations and claimed szczesny had been fined and would not play for wenger again . the spin machine at the emirates set about rubbishing this theory and jensen’s sources , but so far jensen has been vindicated . ospina came in for the next game against hull in the fa cup third round and stayed in goal when arsenal played stoke in the premier league a week later . the colombian then kept his place . ‘ they know the rules , ’ said wenger . ‘ they are set at the start of the season . i replaced wojciech because he had a bad game . i still think he’s a great goalkeeper and want him to have the opportunity to show that . the colombian has taken his chance with both hands , winning 11 out the 12 games he 's started in goal . ‘ it is important two goalkeepers get competition and he will get that in the fa cup now as long as ospina plays in the premier league . barcelona play their no 2 goalkeeper in the champions league . why ? because you need to give them competition . ’ ospina has won 11 of 12 premier league games since the szczesny chop , but he could not prevent a 3-1 defeat in the first leg of the champions league tie against monaco.his unfussy style has solidified a notoriously brittle team . with frailties due to their commitment to attractive football , arsenal crave reliability from their goalkeeper . szczesny , for all his bravado and talent , was anything but reliable , with a short attention span and a tendency to become bored and seek involvement even when ( especially when ) his team were in control . arsene wenger admits that szczesny lost his place to his errors but insists he 's working hard in training . ospina is a soothing influence and wenger’s belated decision to grasp the nettle has strengthened the team , together with the unexpected advances of francis coquelin and hector bellerin . coquelin has added ball-winning bite to midfield and bellerin , with his exceptional pace , is not in such a hurry as others to abandon his post at right back and rampage forward . add to this a philosophical tweak — a will to defend harder and adjust to different opponents , such as the attempt to combat burnley’s high-intensity pressing game by encouraging ospina to kick almost every ball , and arsenal are sturdier . monaco was an aberration caused by complacency or , more likely , an indicator that there is more to do . wenger will be aware of this and was reluctant to smother ospina with the credit for a run of 16 wins in 18 games since southampton . ‘it’s a mixture of things , ’ said wenger . ‘ we had many players back . laurent koscielny , mesut ozil and olivier giroud came back but they came back into form as well in january . and coquelin is doing well . ’ francis coquelin ( centre ) has been one of the success stories of the season and is a key player for arsenal . it was not overwhelming backing for his no 1 and supports the idea that wenger will prioritise signing another keeper in the summer when chelsea’s petr cech will be on the market . like ospina , cech is a calming presence and a mature personality . cech also has experience of winning major trophies . in short , he is precisely the sort of individual arsenal have lacked in recent years . to invest in cech would be to lose ospina . the colombian was happy to sign as no 2 and challenge szczesny but that is a different psychological proposition to losing your no 1 status to a big-money signing , despite having performed so well . it is a delicate issue for wenger , a manager often accused of being too loyal . for szczesny , there appears no way back . like lukasz fabianski last year , it promises to be the fa cup and out and proof that jensen was right all along . a move for petr cech has been spoken about but it remains to be seen of wenger will bring in another keeper .