raheem sterling is at the centre of a second drugs controversy after the liverpool forward was videoed passing out after inhaling nitrous oxide . the england international , who was also exposed on sunday after he was caught puffing on a shisha pipe , will face at club investigation over why he was taking the legal high , which is also known as ‘ hippy crack’ . in the footage sterling is seen sucking on an orange balloon then laughing and giggling before he asks one of his friends to give him another hit . raheem sterling has been filmed apparently inhaling nitrous oxide - also known as ' hippy crack ' . the video shows him smiling and breathing in gas from a balloon before apparently passing out . when the camera pans back to the 20-year-old , he is either unconscious or has fallen asleep . it is claimed that the video , obtained by the sun , was taken at his home in southport in the days before a game . nitrous oxide starves the brain of oxygen and makes users feel light-headed and dizzy . sterling scored in last night’s 2-0 victory over newcastle united but he also missed a chance from six yards in the 56th minute and could now face disciplinary action after his second indiscretion in the space of 24 hours . liverpool forward raheem sterling can be seen pictured on social media whilst smoking a shisha pipe . sterling scored the opening goal in monday night’s 2-0 victory over newcastle . nitrous oxide , has been nicknamed ‘ laughing gas’ due to the euphoric and relaxed feeling people who inhale it can sometimes feel . the gas is normally bought in pressured canisters , commonly transferred to a container , e.g . a balloon , from which the gas is inhaled . nitrous oxide is not illegal to possess , but this doesn’t mean that it is safe to use . the effects of nitrous oxide vary depending on how much has been inhaled but they include : • feelings of euphoria , relaxation and calmness . • dizziness , difficulty in thinking straight and fits of giggles/laughter . • sound distortions or even hallucinations . • in some people , a headache can be an unwanted immediate effect . risks include : • unconsciousness or death from lack of oxygen . this occurs when the available oxygen for breathing is effectively pushed out by the nitrous oxide . a liverpool spokesman said : ‘ we are aware of the story and intend to speak to the player . any subsequent action will be taken internally . ’ sportsmail contacted sterling’s agent , aidy ward , last night . he refused to comment on the story but did not deny that it was his client . a small pocket of liverpool fans on the kop vented their frustrations at last night’s game , chanting ‘ raheem sterling , your agent’s a k***’ during the first half . they were widely applauded . asked if he will be reminding sterling of his responsibilities , liverpool manager brendan rodgers said : ‘ i will do . he’s a young kid who has been in the spotlight now so he knows the demands of being a top class professional — it’s not just on the field it’s off the field , but i will speak with him on it and we’ll move on . ’ sportsmail columnist and former liverpool captain jamie carragher said : ‘ in years to come he’ll look back over this period now as a massive learning curve . when you’re a 20-year-old kid , you make mistakes . i did , i’m sure we all do . it’s just important that he learns from it because raheem sterling needs to be on the back pages , not the front pages and that’s a problem for him in these last few months . ’ players ' union chief bobby barnes called for understanding after sterling ' made a mistake ' . barnes , deputy chief executive of the professional footballers ' association and european president of the international players ' union fifpro , said people should not be too hard on sterling . he said : ' nobody would condone the use of these types of substances whether legal or otherwise as footballers are seen as role models . it does send a message to young people that if it 's good enough for footballers then it 's good enough for them and that is not desirable . the 20-year-old recently snubbed a £100,000-a-week contract offer from the merseyside club . ' but you have to bear in mind that we ask an awful lot of young players growing up in the public eye . many of us look back at things we have done in our teens and early 20s and wish we had n't done them . ' he 's made a mistake and people are human . i am sure this will be a minor blip on his path to a fantastic career . ' players have to be aware that there is camera on every corner - they are very much in the spotlight . ' he 's a young man , growing up in public eye and he 's made a mistake . let 's not be too hard on the boy . he is under a lot of pressure and people think because he has a lot of talent he 's also supposed to have diplomacy and wisdom . ' in the main he 's doing a very good job , he 's at a good club and has a good manager and i 'm sure brendan will put his arm around him and at the same time make him aware of his responsibilities . ' nitrous oxide has been nicknamed ‘ laughing gas’ due to the euphoric and relaxed feeling people who inhale it can sometimes feel . official figures show 460,000 16-24 years olds took it last year . brendan rodgers has backed his wayward star but contract stand-off has created tension at liverpool . it has been the cause of 17 deaths since 2006 . it costs around £2 to buy and is not illegal to possess — sterling is not the first footballer to be caught indulging . drugs charity re-solv has called on the ' role model ' player to condemn the use of the drug to deter young supporters from taking risks with their health . the anti-drugs organisation 's spokesman , stephen ream , told mailonline : ' it 's very disappointing from our point of view . he is a big role model and we hate to see this kind of stuff from someone of his status . ' players in similar situations in the past have come out and apologised and we hope he does the same . ' nitrous oxide is not the most dangerous drug out there but there are deaths attached to it . there are risks and we would urge anyone tempted to take it not to do so . ' tottenham defender kyle walker was pictured inhaling a balloon in 2013 , while last year saido berahino was pictured doing it at the wheel of his range rover . in february , jack wilshere faced criticism after he was pictured with a shisha pipe on a night out while recovering from ankle surgery . but the arsenal star , who has previously been pictured smoking cigarettes , was defended by england manager roy hodgson who said he 'd tried the middle eastern pipe himself and did not think it was a problem . the past two months have proved to be a tempestuous period in sterling’s fledgling career and the revelations of the past two days have ensured extra scrutiny . the england international ( right ) played in the reds fa cup quarter final win over blackburn on wednesday . sterling ( second right ) attended the launch of the 2015-16 liverpool kit at anfield on friday afternoon . there was a large turnout for the launch of the new kit , which will be worn throughout the 2015-16 season . england and arsenal midfielder jack wilshere ( right ) was involved in a smoking controversy in february . sterling’s contract stand-off with liverpool has created tension and he was heckled at the launch of the club’s new kit last week . he has turned down a deal worth around £100,000 per week and does not want to resume negotiations until the end of the season . sterling infuriated liverpool at the start of the month when he gave an interview to the bbc —without permission — to talk about his contract stand-off and why he did not want to be perceived as a ‘ greedy 20-year-old’ .