divock origi has revealed that the progress of jordon ibe at liverpool this season has left him counting the days until he makes his anfield bow . the belgium striker was signed by liverpool in a £10million deal after impressing at the 2014 world cup in brazil , before being loaned back to lille for the 2014-15 season . but origi has been following liverpool 's progress from across the english channel and after seeing the rise of ibe and raheem sterling , is eagerly anticipating working under brendan rodgers . divock origi said the progress of liverpool 's youngsters have heightened his excitement at joining the club . origi referenced the progress of winger jordon ibe ( left ) as an example of youth players improving at the club . origi added that he thinks the long-term progress of raheem sterling means he is joining the right club . ' when you see how the coach and the staff work with the young players - how sterling , for example , has learned over the years and how ibe is now integrating with the team , it is very interesting , ' origi told liverpool 's official website . ' it is very nice to have seen that this season . ' the manager is one of the reasons i came to liverpool - he 's someone who has proven he knows how to work with young players , knows how to develop young players and also lets them play . ' origi , who has scored seven times in ligue 1 this season , believes that the backing of liverpool 's supporters will help him elevate his game . ' i 'm somebody who when i feel loved , when i feel appreciated by the supporters , then i can give even more . it gives you a boost on the field . in belgium it was this way , and i can see it at liverpool . ' origi ( second eight ) earned a transfer to liverpool after impressing for belgium at the 2014 world cup . origi added that the challenges he has faced at lille this season will make him a better player for liverpool . origi admits it has been a challenging season at lille attempting balance the demands of the league with the europa league but believes the experience he has gained means he will arrive at liverpool a better player than this time last year . ' in a mental aspect , i 've learnt a lot and i 've learnt a lot about football and people looking at you , ' origi said . ' it 's made me stronger and that 's essential for me before coming to liverpool . '