a heartbroken pensioner is believed to have killed himself six days after his wife 's death by jumping from a bridge at their ' special place ' where they used to take romantic walks together . john lord , 86 , went missing from his home on april 6 less than a week after his beloved wife june , 81 , died from a ' catastrophic bleed ' to the brain . his family feared the worst after discovering a note describing how much he missed his wife of 63 years and how he could not live without her . double tragedy : john lord , 86 , went missing from his home on april 6 less than a week after his beloved wife june , 81 , pictured together on their wedding anniversary , died from a ' catastrophic bleed ' to the brain . nottinghamshire police launched an appeal in a bid to track down the grandfather-of-three on the day he disappeared from his home in st ann 's , nottingham . today officers confirmed a body pulled from the river trent on april 15 by a specialist underwater search unit was sadly that of the missing pensioner . his family believe he may have killed himself at the picturesque beauty spot where the devoted couple enjoyed going for a walk . message : mr lord 's daughter alison said her father was grieving and had left a heartbreaking note signed ' love to all ' and described how he could not live without his wife . mr lord 's last known moments were also captured on cctv as he parked his white toyota yaris car near close to the trent at 3.15am on april 6 . the footage then shows the pensioner walking toward a bridge , which was the last sighting of him . his daughter , alison lord , 56 , said her father was grieving and had left a heartbreaking note signed ' love to all . ' speaking before his death , the teaching assistant , who lives in bulwell , nottingham , added : ' he did leave a note . ' it said he could n't live without june , and he apologised and said `` love to all '' . ' it was completely out of character for him to get up and drive his car in the middle of the night . ' ms lord said her parents , who were members of a local church , had been ' inseparable ' and her mum 's death had left the whole family devastated . a nottinghamshire police spokesperson said : ' the body of a man found in the river trent on april 15 , 2015 , has been confirmed as that of missing john lord . ' mr lord , 86 , went missing from his home in st ann 's on monday , 6 april . ' his body was recovered at around 11am on april 15 by nottinghamshire police 's underwater search unit . ' nottinghamshire police would like to thank everyone who assisted in the search for mr lord by sharing our appeals . ' mr lord 's family will continue to be supported and have asked for their privacy to be respected . ' the thoughts of nottinghamshire police are with the family at this difficult time . ' june tragically died on march 31 , eight hours after collapsing suddenly from what doctors at the queen 's medical centre in nottingham described as a ' catastrophic bleed ' to the brain . for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here . 