tottenham hotspur midfielder christian eriksen has warned that they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on qualifying for next season 's europa league . spurs are sixth in the barclays premier league , which would bring european qualification , but there has been talk in the past that europe 's second-tier competition does them more harm than good . eriksen says the benefits of qualifying outweigh the negatives , though , and admits that the prospect of europa league football played a big part when he decided to move to white hart lane in 2013 . christian eriksen has warned tottenham they will struggle to attract top players if they miss out on europe . eriksen says the benefits of qualifying for the much-maligned europa league outweigh the negatives . the lack of champions league football - which spurs have missed out on since the 2010-11 season - is seen as a barrier to signing top-class players for clubs of tottenham 's size , but eriksen says missing out on the europa league would have the same effect . ' is it a factor when the club are trying to sign players ? i think so , ' eriksen said . ' it certainly was for me when i moved from ajax two years ago . ' i always want to play in europe , to be seen on that stage or in the premier league . it was a big chance and for me it was a nice thing when i came to tottenham . ' tottenham have been linked with marseille midfielder florian thauvin and dynamo kiev forward andriy yarmolenko , and eriksen worries that spurs could have to lower their sights if they are not on the european stage next season . mauricio pochettino 's side currently sit sixth in the barclays premier league , which is enough to qualify . eriksen says the lure of europa league football was important in his decision to join spurs back in 2013 . and while he admits that missing out makes finishing higher up the table easier , eriksen does n't see many issues with the competition itself . ' i 'd rather play in europe than nothing , ' he told the evening standard . ' there are many games , of course , but if you have a big squad as we have , it should n't be a disappointment to play in europe . a lot of players want to be in europe . we 've been fighting to get into the top four and we still have a little chance . florian thauvin ( right ) , the marseille midfielder , is one player who has been linked with a move to spurs . dynamo kiev 's andriy yarmolenko is thought to be another target for tottenham in the summer market . ' of course , it is easier to get into the top four if you are not in europe . there are so many games and we have played more games than most teams in the premier league this season . ' as it stands , the premier league 's top six will all qualify for europe but if arsenal win the fa cup final against aston villa that number would extend to the seventh-placed side . west ham could also find themselves in the europa league next season if they qualify via the fair play table . 