a film-mad woman got her picture perfect proposal when her fiancé proposed to her on the big screen of a cinema . fabio lovato , 30 , created a short video that played following the cinema trailers for fast and furious 7 showcasing pictures from where they met in australia . the one minute and 30 second video ended with a picture of the couple and the words , ' laura i have a questions for you ' . scroll down for video . fabio lavato proposed to his girlfriend laura knight in their local cineworld in gloucester . fabio then got down on one knee in the cineworld in gloucester and popped the question to his shocked girlfriend laura knight , 29 . italian-born fabio , who now lives in quedgeley , gloucester with laura , says that he always knew he wanted to marry laura . he said : ' it was love at first sight for me . i always knew she was the one and i wanted to make sure the proposal was extra special . ' lots of people propose at restaurants so i just thought it would be great to do it at the cinema where a video could be played on the screen and she would be completely surprised . fabio created a video showcasing pictures of their time together followed by the words ' laura i have a question for you ' that was played at the end of the trailers of fast and furious 7 . the film included pictures from their time together in australia , 2013 , where the couple met . ' it was absolutely amazing and i am so glad she said yes . ' the pair met while laura was backpacking around asia , ending up in australia , and fabio was working in the country . laura says she had no idea that fabio was planning to propose - especially not in the cinema . she said : ' the trailers finished and these pictures of australia started to play . ' i thought it must be an advert at first but the song was one we were introduced to over in australia and it is not well known over here - they would n't have used it on an advert . ' pretty soon laura , a deputy manager at a dental practice , clicked that there was something suspicious about the ' advert ' . fabio has lived with laura , pictured together , in quedgeley , gloucester , since last year . the pair are both big film fans so the cinema acted as the perfect location for the proposal . ' the pictures kept playing and i began thinking to myself they looked familiar . ' the next thing i know it was a giant picture of myself and then a picture of us as a couple . ' that 's when i thought `` oh my god '' - i was over whelmed . he got on one knee and everyone started clapping . ' fabio , a hospital record clerk , had been planning the event for two months , talking to laura 's parents , the cinema , friends and colleagues . the proposal took meticulous planning with fabio waiting until he was alone to make the film so that laura would n't notice . despite the pair being massive film buffs laura was too excited to stay and watch the rest of the film , but says it was the perfect proposal . although laura loved the proposal she says she does n't rate fast and furious . ' i thought it was amazing . i have a love for films myself . we share that , both having a passion for films . ' for him to do it like that meant a lot . although it was n't personal in terms of people being there , it was personal to me , because of the way he did it . ' although laura was completely overjoyed by the proposal she admits that fabio 's choice of film was questionable . ' the fact that the cinema let us do it was amazing . there is no connection to the film though really , it was just what was showing at the time . ' i would n't rate fast and furious in my top 10 . it was a big film though and completely sold out . ' i 'm glad it was n't cinderella because it would have just been children . luckily , no popcorn came my way . ' the couple are now in the process of planning their wedding , although no date has been set .