though many consider it to be yesterday 's problem , some 5,000 people still die from asbestos-related diseases each year , making it a bigger killer than road traffic accidents . with around 20 tradespeople dying each week as a result from past exposure to asbestos too , it 's far from the rapidly dwindling issue many presume it to be . that 's why award-winning artist joe joiner , from east london , whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to the substance , has created a moving new art installation in tribute . over 5000 people die from asbestos-related diseases each year , making it a bigger killer than road accidents . over 50 families , all grieving for a loved one lost to asbestos exposure , have contributed heartfelt messages to a new moving artwork to help raise awareness , unveiled this week in covent garden , london . currently on display in covent garden , london , the installation is made up of heartfelt messages from people who have lost loved ones to asbestos-related diseases . many are widows whose husbands were exposed during trade work , children who have lost fathers , and others mourning wives , mothers and grandparents . over 50 families have contributed to the art project , with personal messages to their departed . created as part of hse’s beware asbestos campaign , the artwork is made up of two huge glass boxes , inside which the messages float around representing a breathing pair of lungs . award-winning artist joe joiner , from east london , has created the art installation as part of hse’s beware asbestos campaign . joe , whose great-grandmother died after being exposed to asbestos while working at a factory , revealed he initially thought it was a last-century phenomenon . however , while talking about his project with friends and family , more and more cases made themselves known . the messages , written on pieces of paper , are symbolic of the microscopic asbestos fibres inhaled by those exposed . causing deadly diseases including mesothelioma , an aggressive form of lung cancer , asbestos can be a deadly killer to those unaware of its presence . among the contributors is lauren ross , 56 , from didsbury , manchester , who lost her husband frank in 2007 . lauren ross , 56 , from didsbury , manchester , lost her husband frank , a shop fitter and joiner , in 2007 to mesothelioma , an aggressive form of lung cancer caused by exposure to microscopic asbestos fibres . mrs ross joined other widows and families who have lost loved ones to asbestos-related diseases at the unveiling of the art installation in covent garden , london . she has vowed to continue raising awareness . a shop fitter and joiner for most of his life , frank died of mesothelioma aged 60 , just a year after he was diagnosed with the condition . ' he first felt a pain in his side on holiday at the end of august 2005 and was treated at first for a pulled muscle , ' recalls mrs ross . ' in january , he was sent for a chest x-ray due to the pain and some shortage of breath . poignant : the messages in the installation are symbolic of the microscopic asbestos fibres inhaled by those exposed . ' he was told on 13 january what they thought he had and had further tests from there . he died a year later in february . ' what really upset frank was the fact that he must have been bringing asbestos into our house for years , potentially affecting me and our four children , ' she added . ' this was something he had absolutely no idea about . ' created as part of hse’s beware asbestos campaign , the artwork is made up of two huge glass boxes , inside which the messages float around representing a breathing pair of lungs . despite experiencing a great deal of pain , frank continued to raise awareness about the risks of asbestos , and necessary measures to protect workers . ' since his death i am determined to continue his work in raising awareness , and also to make it clear to tradespeople that - unless you follow all the necessary safety procedures - there is a chance you are taking asbestos home to the ones you love , ' says mrs ross . ' i want people to be aware that deaths from exposure to asbestos are not a historic issue , but something that can happen to anyone today if the appropriate measures aren’t taken . ' over 50 families have contributed to the art project , with personal messages to their departed loved ones .    