frankie dettori made it six winners in four days as well as three flying dismounts with a treble at newbury on saturday centred around a neck success on charlie hills-trained greenham stakes winner muhaarar . spring has sprung this week and dettori has been bouncing higher than tigger . in this sort of form , those who suggested his best days were well behind him will have to eat their words . frankie dettori leaps from his mount after riding muhaarar to win the aon greenham stakes at newbury . dettori rides mr singh to win the al basti equiworld maiden stakes at newbury racecourse . thursday’s announcement that dettori’s boss sheik joaan al thani had signed up gregory benoist to ride the french-based horses in his expanding string , means the 44-year-old italian can concentrate on britain . that means less tiring criss-crossing of the channel for dettori as well as having another positive spin-off – being available for rides going spare with old boss john gosden after winter staffing rehuffles . so far , dettori has been mopping them up . three of the jockey’s winners – derby prospect golden horn , who won the feilden stakes at newmarket , oaks candidate star of seville , who scored at newbury on friday , plus maiden winner mr singh on saturday were all prepared for action by gosden . dettori said : ‘ the greenham was good . they went very fast and muhaarar is a horse that needs to settle . he did and produced . ‘ i don’t think i have had thee flying dismounts before so early . i have had a fantastic week . it is brilliant and being back at john’s – i have gone full circle . i am back to where i started . ’ dettori riding muhaarar to victory in the the aon greenham stakes at newbury on saturday . dettori had spoken of his enthusiasm for the season ahead when unveiled as the new ambassador for his home course newmarket last week . he showed that on tricky ayaar , 7-1 luca cumani-trained winner of newbury’s spring cup . he now has nine winners from 29 rides , not sound seismic but it is significant compared to the last two seasons . the 2014 campaign had only 37 successes and , a truncated 2013 season when he returned from the doldrums of splitting from godolphin and a six-month cocaine ban had him walking around like yesterday’s man . dettori riding ayaar win the be wiser insurance spring cup at newbury racecourse on saturday . he is no longer champion jockey material but he does look to have significant better chances of good rides in quality races . his 1,000 guineas ride will be richard hannon-trained nell gwyn stakes winner osaila , who runs for sheik joaan , while he must pick from hannon-trained craven stakes third moheet and john quinn’s group one winning two-year-old the wow factor in the 2,000 . hannon has insisted both greenham stakes second and third istidhkaar and ivawood will join his craven stakes winner kool kompany in the 2,000 guineas . he also might still run tiggy wiggy , runner-up to ralph beckett’s redstart in the fred darling stakes saturday , in the 1,000 guineas . but after a disappointing show , some bookmakers have taken her out of the ante-post betting . 