she has been selling herself as a sex pot to push copies of her new album rebel heart . but not everyone thinks she 's the cat 's meow . after belting out human nature to drake at coachella on sunday night , madonna pulled the 28-year-old singer back to plant a kiss on his lips , making out with him for at least three seconds . what the 56-year-old mother-of-four did n't see was that when she was finished , the musician looked horrified , even wiping his mouth . this happened : madonna french kissed drake onstage at coachella on sunday night . in pain : though madonna did n't see his expression , he clearly was in pain over the experience . later , sources were quick to tell tmz that drake liked the kiss , but that it was merely her lipstick that turned him off , therefore the foul look on his face . it was added by insiders that the smack on the mouth was not planned , but rather a last-minute decision by madge . the eighties pop star looked confident as she went in for the bold kiss . wearing black a tank top that said big as madonna , hot pants with stockings that showed off her toned legs , and a pair of kinky boot heels , she sauntered over to drake , who was sitting in a chair . the blonde beauty pulled back his head after caressing his cheek in a shock move . it was not a little peck either : the 56-year-old singer spent at least three seconds making out with the 28-year-old hit maker . it was shocking : the mother-of-four really went for it and did n't let the pinkprint singer go . he did n't like it : after the makeout session , drake seemed horrified , to say the least . she kept singing : as the canadian wiped his mouth in disgust , the rebel heart singer ignored him . she wo n't be happy : madonna has always prided herself on being a sex bomb so she wo n't want to know that the young star was repulsed by her . the cherish singer pulled her hair back before planting her lips on his with her mouth full open for all to see . drake rubbed her head , seemingly enjoying the makeout session at first , before he seemed to change his mind . the ray of light crooner pushed away his hand as she made it clear who was in charge of the steamy encounter . before the madonna attack : the holiday crooner was singing her hits before she went in for the kiss . givenchy thigh-high lace-up leather open-toe boots . get on the waitlist at saks here ! visit site . so this isn’t quite what we were expecting to see before breakfast but here it is : madonna and drake having a smooch ! but nothing could stop our eyes from feasting on madonna’s thigh high boots whilst she did the deed . the queen of pop proudly put her incredible physique on display in a slogan tank top and over-the-knee boots by none other than givenchy , and we love their unique open toe and on-trend lace up design . thigh high boots have been the ultimate footwear trend of the past season and kim kardashian was seen in a similar pair of givenchy thigh high open toe boots at paris fashion week earlier this year . the open toe design also means that you can keep wearing them throughout the summer with mini dresses , denim cut offs and the like . so there’s no need to regret investing in these high fashion creations . click right to get on the waitlist at saks . ca n't take the wait ? then take a gander at the style edit below where you 'll find our top picks . dsquared2 120mm patent over the knee boots at luisa via roma . visit site . kaya laceup thigh-high gladiator summer boots at jessica burrman . visit site . privileged kato boot at zooshoo . visit site . manolo blahnik kahika floral laser-cut lace-up boot at bergdorf goodman . visit site . did he know it was coming ? drake waited patiently as the beauty circled him while singing express yourself . he did n't look too worried : the artist sat with arms folded as she went behind him . here is goes , brace yourself : before going for the kiss , madonna pulled her long blonde locks back . when the borderline singer finished her french kiss , she walked off in a sexy saunter , so she never actually saw the truffle butter singer 's reaction . drake sat up and looked sickened . the age difference may be a problem - he is 28 and she is 56 making them 28 years apart . she is exactly twice his age . and he is used to dating younger women like rihanna . before express yourself , madonna had sung human nature and hung up . she is not giving up : coachella is an odd place for madonna to be as it is known for attracting a younger crowd such as katy perry , justin bieber , kendall jenner and gigi hadid . coachella is an odd place for madonna to be as it is known for attracting a younger crowd such as katy perry , justin bieber , kendall jenner and gigi hadid . this shock kiss on stage reminds of when the ex-wife of sean penn locked lips with britney spears 12 years ago at the mtv music video awards . back then it was a big surprise to see spears - at the height of her career - make that move . also on stage was christina aguilera . fierce : when madonna arrived , she looked ultra glamorous in a shirt dress that fastened at the middle . surprise ! madonna reveals her t-shirt underneath a designer jacket . help ! drake raises his hand as madonna kisses him onstage . oh dear : drake is seen wiping his mouth after madonna kisses him onstage . locked in : madonna made sure that drake could n't wriggle away from her advances on stage . dominant : she appeared to bat his hand away to make sure hers was on top on the stage . into it ? at first drake looked like he was in to the kiss and tried to put his hand in her hair . pitch perfect : drake belted out his hits , undeterred by the unfortunate stage incident . owning it : drake 's was one of the most hotly-anticipated performances of the weekend in indio . sultry : madonna put her leg on a chair as if to prove how provocative she could be . surprise : madonna 's performance was n't the only surprise she delivered that night ...   