one of america 's greatest poets was honored by the us postal service in a star-studded ceremony on tuesday . maya angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning , which she read at bill clinton 's inauguration in 1993 , was issued a forever stamp in honor of her many achievements and contributions . first lady michelle obama and oprah winfrey were just two of the big names in attendance for the unveiling which gave the public a first look at the stamp , which features a picture of angelou 's face and one of her many memorable quotes . the problem however , is that the featured quote came from another author . scroll down for video . a quote attributed to maya angelou on her commemorative stamp released by the us postal service is actually that of another writer . the stamp was unveiled tuesday at an event featuring first lady michelle obama and postmaster general megan j. brennan ( above ) . maya angelou , the acclaimed author of such classics as i know why the cage bird sings and on the pulse of morning , was issued the forever stamp for her contributions to the arts and this country . ' a bird does n't sing because it has an answer , it sings because it has a song , ' reads the stamp , a quote that has long been attributed to angelou , with president obama even using the famous line as he honored the poet at the 2013 national medal of arts and national humanities medal . what 's more , the washington post found proof of an interview in which angelou herself used the quote . joan walsh anglund wrote in her 1967 book a cup of sun ; ' a bird doesn’t sing because he has an answer , he sings because it has a song . ' a few years before this quote first appeared though in 1969 with the publication of angelou 's aforementioned autobiography i know why the cage bird sings , it was used in a children 's book by another american author . joan walsh anglund , now 89 , wrote in her 1967 book a cup of sun ; ' a bird doesn’t sing because he has an answer , he sings because it has a song . ' in a statement released shortly after the origin of the quote was revealed , postal service spokesperson mark saunders said ; ' the postal service used her widely recognized quote to help build an immediate connection between her image and her 1969 nationally recognized autobiography , ‘ i know why the caged bird sings . ' saunders later added in an email to the post that had they been aware of this fact they would have selected another of angelou 's famous lines . angelou , who was born into poverty , holding down jobs as a fry cook , singer , and at one point even a prostitute , passed away last may . she was 86-years-old at the time , and had written , among other works , seven autobiographies , countless poems , and numerous scripts for theater , television and film . she also continued to teach throughout her life , spending the last four decades of her life as a professor at wake forest in winston-salem , north carolina . as for anglund , she seems remarkably nonplussed about the entire incident . ' i think it easily happens sometimes that people hear something , and it’s kind of going into your subconscious and you don’t realize it , ' she explained . there are no plans to remove the limited edition stamp at this time . 