she helped to transform u.s. first lady michelle obama 's public image into that of an all-american ' everywoman ' who shops at retail outlets , does ' mom dancing ' and even has a twitter account . now , former white house aide kristina schake , who left the east wing in june 2013 , is reportedly behind the drive to get another first lady - ex-secretary of state , hillary clinton - elected president . ms schake , 45 , who has worked as chief communications officer at l'oreal usa for the past two years , has been brought on to mrs clinton 's 2016 communications team to help recast her image . she will attempt to turn the 67-year-old politician - who is expected to announce her run for white house this month - from a strong and knowledgeable figure into a softer , more accessible one , according to the new york times . scroll down for video . image makeover : former white house aide kristina schake ( left ) , who left the east wing in june 2013 , is reportedly behind the drive to get ex=secretary of state , hillary clinton ( right ) , elected president next year . accessible personality : ms schake helped to transform u.s. first lady michelle obama 's public image into that of an all-american ' everywoman ' who even performed ' mom dancing ' with jimmy fallon in 2013 ( above ) . the former persona , experts have said , could have hampered mrs clinton 's 2008 presidential contest against president barack obama , who came across as cool and amiable with voters . the latter persona , meanwhile , has worked wonders for mrs obama , who has become a national emblem of healthier eating with her legislative push for more fruit and vegetables in school meals . as obama noted in 2008 , mrs clinton must show voters that she is more than just ' likeable enough ' - by displaying a warm and funny side that , according to her friends , reflects her true character . but , ms schake 's efforts to help mrs clinton do this could prove tricky - particularly in the wake of the scandal over her new boss 's exclusive use of a personal email address while secretary of state . a u.s. house committee is currently seeking a private interview with mrs clinton over her use of the private address , as well as a personal computer server , during her time at the state department . ms schake 's attempts could also be hindered by some voters ' views that the politician and her husband bill - parents to daughter chelsea - are detached from the issues of ' normal ' americans . scandal : ms schake 's efforts to help mrs clinton do this could prove tricky - particularly in the wake of the scandal over her new boss 's exclusive use of a personal email address during her time as secretary of state . ' true self ' : as obama noted in 2008 , mrs clinton ( seen listening to an instructor reading a story to children at a firststep nyc session in brooklyn on wednesday ) must show she is more than just ' likeable enough ' . the couple have reportedly amassed more than $ 100million since leaving the white house in 2000 , and continue to command speaking fees of a whopping $ 200,000 or more , according to the times . they also have multiple homes , including one in washington dc and one in chappaqua , new york . to counter mrs clinton 's apparent inaccessibility , ms schake , whose work with mrs obama helped to turn her into an online video star and magazine cover model , could draw on the politician 's hobbies . she could get mrs clinton to speak about her passion for swimming , as reported by abc , or appear at a charity swimming gala . she could also fix up celebrity partnerships like she did with mrs obama . the multitude of new ways to reach voters means 'it’s not the same formula in politics that it was even just four years ago or eight years ago , ' stephanie cutter , a democratic strategist , told the times . undercover : during her time as an aide for mrs obama , ms schake encouraged the current first lady to shop undercover at a target ( pictured ) in alexandria , virginia , dressed in a floral blouse and a baseball cap . presenter : ms schake 's work also led to mrs obama presenting the best picture award alongside hollywood legend jack nicholson at the academy awards in february 2013 . the trophy was given to the film , argo . the deputy campaign manager for the obama reelection campaign added : 'it’s about understanding people who are just living their lives and figuring out ways to fit a candidate into that ' , not vice versa . during her time as an aide for mrs obama , ms schake encouraged the current first lady to shop undercover at a target in alexandria , virginia , dressed in a floral blouse and a baseball cap . the widely-reported trip was intended to her portray the 51-year-old - who has two daughters , sasha and malia , with her husband - as an ordinary mom , keen to make savings for her family . successful : ms schake ( pictured ) , who previously co-owned a la-based pr firm that handled media relations for maria shriver , is the daughter of a stay-at-home mother and a commercial airline pilot . ms schake 's work also led to mrs obama presenting the best picture award alongside hollywood legend jack nicholson at the academy awards in february 2013 , according to the washington post . and she encouraged the first lady to invite children to the white house to help harvest the summer crop from the house 's kitchen garden in 2013 - an event that was photographed by the world 's press . the adviser , from california , ' did a really great job of keeping mrs obama at the forefront of the conversation but in a way that continued her ability to be accessible and relatable , ' ms schake 's predecessor camille johnston told the newspaper , adding : ' no small feat during a presidential election cycle . ' indeed , ms schake 's ' feat ' saw mrs obama feature on the front covers of both vogue ( twice ) and better homes & gardens magazine . ultimately , it turned her into an ' accessible everywoman ' , the times reported . and ms schake 's impact is still apparent today - this week , an energetic mrs obama performed a second installment of ' evolution of the mom dance ' on the tonight show with jimmy fallon . her performance came two years after she took part in her original ' mom dancing ' skit with fallon , which was encouraged by ms schake and gained more than 22million views on youtube . it marked the five-year anniversary of her let 's move ! initiative to fight childhood obesity in america . ms schake , who previously co-owned a los angeles-based pr firm that handled media relations for maria shriver , is the daughter of a stay-at-home mother and an airline pilot , it is reported . she was the co-founder and board member of the american foundation for equal rights - the nonprofit group that filed the successful federal lawsuit against california 's ban on gay marriage , she currently lives with her boyfriend , an albanian journalist . after ms schake left the white house in 2013 , maria cristina ' mc ' gonzalez noguera , 39 , was hired as the obamas ' communications director . fitness initaitive : mrs obama participates in a yoga class during a visit to the gwen cherry park nfl/yet center as she celebrates the fourth anniversary of let 's move on february 25 , 2014 in miami , florida . mrs obama tweeted the chew this week , encouraging the show to participate in her # gimmefive challenge . on friday , it was revealed that mrs clinton has signed a lease in a brooklyn , new york , building for what is expected to house her campaign headquarters , according to a person familiar with the plans . mrs clinton has reportedly signed the lease for two floors in an office in new york 's brooklyn heights neighborhood . the anonymous person was not authorized to speak publicly about internal planning . the decision to sign the lease - which was first reported by politico - likely sets off a 15-day period in which presidential candidates are required to make their intentions officially known . the building , one pierrepont plaza , also houses the u.s. attorney 's office of loretta lynch , who has been nominated to be president barack obama 's next attorney general . lease : a woman enters one pierrepont plaza in brooklyn , new york . mrs clinton has signed a lease for two floors in the brooklyn heights building for what is expected to be her presidential campaign headquarters .