when melbourne mother-of-two , kady marsh , took her seven-week-old baby aside to breastfeed at a popular sydney hotel , the last thing she expected was to be told to put her breast away . it was a sunny saturday afternoon at the manly wharf hotel . kady was in town for her best friend’s wedding and was enjoying a post-party lunch with friends and family . when she moved to a quiet corner of the hotel’s lounge area with baby isla , she says she was confronted by hotel management and told she couldn’t breastfeed because the area was for ‘ over 18s only . ’ ‘ a young manager came over , pointed to a sign above me and said : `` ca n't you see it says over 18s only ? `` ’ kady told daily mail australia . ' at first i thought he meant he wanted to see my id - that he thought i was n't 18 - then i realised he was referring to isla . ' scroll down for video . kady marsh with husband euan , baby isla ( pictured left ) and her older daughter ava enjoying lunch at a hotel in melbourne . ' i said : `` oh no , she’s only seven-weeks-old , she’s just a tiny baby , that 's ridiculous . '' ‘ he said we could n't be there and told me to use the disabled toilet if i wanted to breastfeed in the hotel . ' kady went back to where her friends were seated in the main bar , ' feeling a bit embarrassed ' . ' i was n't worried about breastfeeding in the main bar - and i would have done - it 's just that i physically could n't manage it on the stools in there and i could n't find anywhere else to sit , ' kady says . ' my husband euan went to speak with management to ask what we were supposed to do , and it was then that we were told to use `` the baby room '' - a disabled toilet with a change table . ' kady was asked to move from the lounge area of the hotel because it was an area restricted to over 18s . justin tynan , general manager and licencee of the manly wharf hotel , says the particular area of the bar where kady was breastfeeding is the only area that is restricted to adults , apart from the gaming room . he says his hotel welcomes women who want to breastfeed elsewhere in the venue and that the incident sounds like it was a miscommunication . ‘it’s ludicrous to suggest that we wouldn’t allow breastfeeding in the hotel , ’ mr tynan told daily mail australia , adding that his own wife regularly breastfeeds their four-month-old baby , max , at the venue – and elsewhere in public , often . ‘ we just wouldn’t have a policy like that , ’ mr tynan said . ‘we’re a kid-friendly bar : we have children eating here seven days a week on a special kids menu , we have 30 high chairs and we have mother’s groups here every day . ’ ajita tynan , wife of justin tynan , with their baby max . mr tynan , general manager of the manly wharf hotel , says ajita often breastfeeds their son at the venue and it 's ' ludicrous ' to suggest the hotel would n't allow women to do the same . in australia , women have a right to breastfeed in public . under the federal sex discrimination act 1984 it 's illegal to discriminate against a person or deny services , directly or indirectly , on the grounds of breastfeeding . ‘ breastfeeding mothers should feed their babies , in any way they feel comfortable and not feel any pressure to meet other people’s expectations of discretion , ' says jessica leonard of the australian breastfeeding association . ' for some mums this may mean breastfeeding in public in full view , for others it might mean covering up , ' she says . ‘ but being directed to a public toilet is really inappropriate . any place a woman breastfeeds has to be somewhere that is also appropriate to prepare food . a toilet is not one of those places . ’ ms leonard says it’s important to see mothers breastfeed their babies because it normalises what is a natural and healthy thing to do . ‘ mothers breastfeeding in public are helping the next generation of australians to learn that breastfeeding is normal , ’ she says . her comments echo those of australian supermodel miranda kerr recently on the ' breastfeeding in public ' issue . ‘ everyone has a right to choose what they feel is best for their own baby and some people can not breastfeed and/or do not want to , ' kerr said after posting a photo of herself breastfeeding her son flynn to social media . ' but do n't abandon breast feeding because of any `` social '' stigma ( perceived or real ) that might be attached to breastfeeding in public , ' she said . ‘ there are more breasts being shown on a daily basis around the world in swimwear and low-cut dresses than there are from breastfeeding mums . ' ‘ there are more breasts being shown on a daily basis around the world in swimwear and low-cut dresses than there are from breastfeeding mums , ' miranda kerr said when she tweeted this photo of herself with baby flynn . for kady marsh , the incident at the wharf hotel was just ' unnecessary ' . ' there was only one other couple sitting on the lounge area , it really was n't that busy , ' she says . ' if they had just exercised some common sense , said something like : `` look we know it 's silly , do you mind if we just ask the other patrons if they mind , or we can find an alternative spot for you , '' it could have been solved . ' ' instead , i was made to feel like i was doing something wrong , that i was just another hormonal breast-feeding mother being difficult , ’ kady says . ' if i was a first-time breastfeeding mum , i would have been a lot more upset . ' kady was told by another employee of the hotel to move to some benches about a metre from the ' over 18 's ' lounge . instead , she and her husband - who ran their own bar in melbourne for more than three years - ended up going to a different hotel nearby . kady says they sat down at a table and fed isla without a sideways glance in their direction . they then went back to their friends at the wharf . ‘we’re a kid-friendly bar ' : the general manager of the popular manly wharf hotel , pictured , says the venue welcomes women who want to breastfeed elsewhere in the hotel . jessica leonard from the breastfeeding association says stories like kady’s of women being asked to ‘ move on’ are uncommon . but they do still happen and can knock a women’s confidence . ‘ we know that about 300,000 babies are born in australia each year and that 96 per cent of those mothers start out breastfeeding , so , the number of complaints we hear are really a drop in the ocean , ’ she says . ‘ sometimes the problem is just poor customer service , but really , it’s in the best interests of businesses to be supportive of women who breastfeed . ’ the australian breastfeeding association ( aba ) supports recommendations of the world health organisation to breastfeed for the first two years of a child’s life , with exclusive breastfeeding until a baby is six-months-old . ‘ breastfeeding is the best way to provide infants with the nutrients they need and it should be encouraged everywhere , ’ ms leonard says . new mothers can find breastfeeding-friendly venues through the aba 's breastfeeding welcome here directory.the association also runs a free 24-hour breastfeeding helpline for mothers . 