with two personal maids and travel by private jet , choupette is by far the world 's most pampered pet . and , it now appears the three-year-old cat belonging to karl lagerfeld is also the richest . the fashion designer has revealed his white siamese earned £2.18million last year - that 's just£220,000 less than cara delevingne , one of the world 's top models , who took home £2.4million . scroll down for video . karl lagerfeld , 82 , with three-year-old siamese choupette , who has earned £2million from tv appearances . last year choupette earned nearly as much as cara delevingne , despite only doing two jobs . and while choupette raked in his cash by appearing in just two adverts , cara had to work a lot harder , starring in multiple campaigns , walking tens of catwalks ( including lagerfeld 's chanel shows ) and endorsing products . lagerfeld , 82 , said his cat was picked to appear in a commercial for cars in germany and beauty products in japan . and while he was happy for her to star in the adverts for the luxury items , he said she was ' too sophisticated ' to be used to advertise food for other cats . ' choupette became the most famous cat in the world , and the richest , ' said lagerfeld , the head designer for fashion house chanel . ' she did two jobs and made three million euros last year . one was for cars in germany and the other was for a japanese beauty product . choupette in her corsa car adverts for the new range in 2014 in berlin . the cat has her own twitter account . ' i do n't allow her to do foodstuffs and things like this . she 's too sophisticated for that . she had something unique ' . choupette , who has her own twitter and instagram accounts , appeared in an advert for opel cars helping to promote the new corsa range in 2014 . she followed in the footsteps of supermodels kate moss and naomi campbell who previously helped promote the cars . the cat has even been a cover girl for a magazine and recently , while staying in new york , had her own £400 a night room at the mercer hotel . lagerfeld shot the adverts for the japanese company she uemura with his pet becoming the first cat to front a beauty campaign . the german-born designer raised eyebrows two years ago when he said he was so in love with his feline friend that he wanted to marry her . he revealed the glamour puss ate dinner with him at a table in the paris mansion they shared and had weekly manicures for her claws . lagerfeld doted on choupette so much he described her as a ' kept woman ' . his affection for his furry friend has n't waned . ' she stays always with me and she has two personal maids , he said . ' they play with her , they have to take care of her beautiful white hair , the beauty treatments for her eyes , and they entertain her . she is the centre of the world . ' while in new york recently to present his latest collection choupette had her own room at the £400 a night mercer hotel . lagerfeld said he has become a recluse , rarely going out because he does n't want to be photographed by other people and end up in their ' selfies ' . his pet cat is his only companion . ' she is like a human being , but the good thing is that she 's silent , ' he told new york magazine . ' you do n't have to discuss it . she hates other animals and she hates children . she stays always with me and she has two personal maids . ' they play with her , they have to take care of her beautiful white hair , the beauty treatments for her eyes , and they entertain her . she is the centre of the world . karl lagerfeld at the opening of the exhibition of his photos ' corsa karl and choupette ' at the palazzo italia . the 82-year-old fashion designer raised eyebrows recently when he said he was so in love with his feline friend he wanted to marry her . he also revealed that she has weekly manicures for her claws . ' if you saw her , you would understand . she is kind of greta garbo . there is something unforgettable about her , the way she moves , the way she plays . ' she 's an inspiration for elegance . for attitude . ' asked if having choupette had changed him , lagerfeld said : ' maybe i became a better person perhaps , i do n't know . ' less selfish , i guess ? i think it 's grotesque , but what can you do ? i believe in the unique . this is not just something to keep me company . it 's only great because of the uniqueness of her . ' and lagerfeld 's own life is as gilded and bizarre as his cats . he has a butler who wears a white coat and tie and travels ahead of him , greeting him with a chilled wine glass of diet coke . in an interview with harper 's bazaar he once revealed that he has to sleep for seven hours a day , every day . lagerfeld stands next to a drawing of his birman cat at the vernissage for his photo calender ' corsa karl and choupette ' at the palazzo italia in berlin . choupette even has her own instagram which posts adorable pictures of the cat . he follows a strict diet which starts with two protein shakes and steamed apples and he refuses to drink hot drinks . lagerfeld famously lost six and a half stone saying that he did so so that he could , ' be a good clothes horse . ' his hair , which he has pulled back into a pony-tail every day , is not actually the white hue it seems , in fact he has previously admitted that he sprays it every day with masses of dry shampoo to achieve the colour . karl lagerfeld ( centre ) with his muse brad kroenig ( behind left ) and godson hudson kroenig ( front left ) wearing a t-shirt with choupette on , out for a stroll in saint tropez in 2012 . last year for his ss15 womenswear show karl used his models to create a feminist protest . when he 's not designing he spends much of his time flying around the world in private jets , accompanied by gorgeous male models . he creates his famous designs at home and says he rarely likes to go out because he hates people taking pictures of him . he told thecut : ' i don’t go to movie theaters because i don’t want to be photographed by strangers . ' people bother me wherever i go . i like to imagine the world my way . i don’t want second-rate images of the world . ' 