a 73-year-old former soldier has been charged over the death of a man with learning difficulties in northern ireland more than 40 years ago . john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot dead by the army in a field in benburb , co armagh , in june 1974 . dennis hutchings , who has been charged with attempted murder , appeared at omagh magistrates court in co tyrone today and was released on bail . john pat cunningham ( pictured left , and right , a photograph held by his nephew charlie agnew ) was shot by the british army in a field in 1974 . a 73-year-old former soldier has been charged with attempted murder . white-haired hutchings , of cawsand , torpoint in cornwall , stood solemnly in the dock flanked by a police officer with his arms straight down by his side . the bespectacled man appeared in court wearing navy jeans , trainers , a grey and white-flecked woollen jumper with a navy body-warmer-type jacket . hutchings was released on bail after speaking only to confirm his identity , date of birth and replied ' i do ' when asked if he understood the charge against him . a detective from the psni 's serious crime branch told the court he believed he could connect him to the charge . defence solicitor stephen clarke requested that reporting restrictions preventing publication of the defendant 's name be imposed by the court under human-rights legislation . the ' nature and circumstances ' of the offence could raise ' emotive issues ' , the solicitor claimed . but rejecting the application , district judge nigel broderick said : ' this is an offence which allegedly occurred some time ago . ' releasing hutchings on bail of £500 , the judge also said the principle of open justice was well established in northern ireland . ' i am told that article two may be engaged but i am not satisfied that there are any justifiable concerns and i must deal with the case as presented , ' the judge said . ' i am not minded to make reporting restrictions . ' mr cunningham , who had the mental age of a child , was running away from an army patrol when he was shot . the court was told there were no objections to bail subject to four conditions . hutchings was ordered to surrender his passport and not to contact with any other witnesses . he was arrested in england on tuesday and was taken to northern ireland for questioning by detectives from the police service of northern ireland investigating legacy troubles-related deaths . the case was recently reopened by the police service of northern ireland and a murder investigation started following a re-examination of the available evidence . mr cunningham , who had the mental age of a child between six and 10 , had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an army patrol when he was killed . the government apologised for his death in 2013 . but earlier this week , mr cunningham 's family said the investigation did not have their support . the government apologised for his death in 2013 and the police investigation was re-opened earlier this year . in a statement issued on their behalf by victims campaign organisation the pat finucane centre , a spokesman said : ' whilst family members have cautiously welcomed the arrest , they have asked the pfc to state categorically that they will only have confidence in an investigative process that is completely independent of the psni . ' cunningham family members said in october 2013 that they wish to see all investigations into british army killings , including that of john pat , being investigated by an independent body . ' the investigation into the shooting was reopened in march this year . speaking last month , di neil mcguinness of the psni said : ' i appreciate this happened more than 40 years ago but i believe there are people in the community today who remember this tragic incident , who knew john pat and who may have information which would be of assistance to the investigation . ' our objective is to get to the truth of what happened that saturday morning so that justice can be served . ' hutchings was excused from appearing at the next court hearing in dungannon , co tyrone , on june 3 .    sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .