men with advanced prostate cancer could benefit from a pioneering drug originally meant for women . clinical trials show that olaparib can delay the moment when the disease gets dangerously out of control . the drug already works for women with cancer fuelled by brca gene mutations , the defect that led to actress angelina jolie having her ovaries removed . new ‘exciting’ new research suggests the drug , already used to treat women with breast cancer , could also help men with genetic faults within their prostate cancer ( pictured ) tumours . up to 30 per cent of men with advanced prostate cancer have tumours that have dna defects and these respond particularly well to olaparib . the london trial of olaparib , which is owned by astrazeneca , was led by researchers at the institute of cancer research and the royal marsden hospital . they found 16 out of 49 men with advanced prostate cancer responded to the drug , also known as lynparza . it stopped prostate cancer growth , generating lower tumour cell counts in the blood and improved responses in medical scans . the drug - called olaparib - can extend the length of time that a prostate cancer patient lives with the disease without it getting worse , according to new clinical trials . olaparib is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations . it is one of the first of a new class of drugs called parp inhibitors . parp inhibitors work by blocking the cancer cell’s ability to repair damage . cancer cells that have a mutation in a brca gene rely completely on the parp protein to fix the damage . parp inhibitor drugs suppress this protein and can stop brca mutated cells from growing so they eventually die . side effects from traditional anti-cancer treatments are reduced because only cancer cells with genetic defects are targeted . most of the men who had detectable dna repair mutations had disease control lasting much longer than expected . this suggests the men most likely to benefit from the drug could be identified by testing to look for mutations . olaparib became the first of a new class of drugs called parp inhibitors to be granted approval last month for use in ovarian cancer by the european commission and the us food and drug administration . the inhibitors work by blocking the cancer cell’s ability to repair damage . cancer cells that have a mutation in a brca gene rely completely on the parp protein to fix the damage . the inhibitor drugs suppress this protein and can stop mutated cells from growing . side effects from traditional anti-cancer treatments are reduced because only tumour cells with genetic defects are targeted . professor johann de bono , who was the trial chief investigator , said : ‘ this opens up the exciting possibility of delivering precise treatment for advanced prostate cancer , guided by genomic testing and based on the molecular characteristics of patients’ tumours . ' it shows that parp inhibitors can be effective in a wider group of patients than had been thought – in men as well as women , patients with mutations in their tumours as well as those with inherited mutations , and in those with a wider range of gene defects . ’ the drug , olaparib , is the first cancer drug to target inherited genetic mutations . it works by blocking the cancer cell’s ability to repair damage . dr emma hall of the institute of cancer research said : ‘we’ve seen a significant improvement in the length of good quality life men can hope to live even with the most advanced prostate cancers . ' these encouraging results show that olaparib could be the next drug to add to those already available . ’ the results of the trial were presented at the american association of cancer research conference in philadelphia . the national institute for health and care excellence will now decide whether olaparib should become widely available on the nhs . a decision is expected in september . dr iain frame of prostate cancer uk said : ‘ we want to get to a stage where every man gets the treatment he needs for his specific cancer . ’ researchers did not specify the length of time for which olaparib was able to stop advanced prostate cancer worsening .