an outraged food blogger who alleges instagram fitness star ashy bines used her recipes in an e-book without crediting her or asking if she could publish them in a book said she was ' devastated ' to find her work had been taken . sydney personal trainer allie dodds , 24 , regularly published recipes for her friends and family on her mealspiration blog before she started her business , sweets and sweat , in september 2013 . her gourmet recipes caught the eye of ms bines , a gold coast businesswoman and successful personal trainer , in 2012 . ms dodds said ms bines contacted her asking if she could share her recipes online with her facebook fan base and she agreed . ' i thought , that was ok she 's going to share a couple of my recipes , give me some credit and that was it , ' she told daily mail australia . but she said she was stunned when a colleague noticed her salmon and cauliflower sushi recipe in a 2012 edition of ms bines ' clean eating recipe book . ashy bines ( pictured with a green smoothie ) was the subject of appalling abuse after posting a video admitting recipes in her clean eating e-package had been plagiarised . she did not respond to daily mail australia 's questions after a blogger came forward suggesting she had also been plagiarised from on tuesday . ms bines is a successful health coach and entrepreneur is best known for her 12 week ashy bines bikini body challenge . programs such as hers and bikini body guide author kayla itsines have become increasingly popular . personal trainer allie dodds ( pictured ) alleges her sushi and cauliflower recipe and others were placed in ms bines ' book without permission . she runs the instagram account the.sweet.sweat . ' i said `` can you show me ? '' and it was my pictures and my recipe . ' i just could n't believe it ... that 's really nasty . ' it was just ashy 's guidelines and zero mention of my name or my blog and i was just like `` you 're kidding me '' . ' at first i was a little bit excited and then i was pretty devastated ( not to be credited ) . ' ms dodds said recipes inside the guide included her kanga rolls , chicken mince quiche and others . she contacted ms bines in july 2013 to question her use of recipes and photos but never heard back . ms bines admitted in a video statement reported overnight that 10 recipes contained within her clean eating diet plan had been stolen . she said it happened because she ' outsourced ' the recipe component to an unnamed nutritionist . ' ms bines did not respond to daily mail australia 's questions over whether she was referring to ms dodd 's recipes . a spokeswoman said she was ' in meetings all day ' . in her video message earlier this week , ms bines said : ' by outsourcing this to a nutritionist i was trying to give you all something of value and to come up with delicious recipes from the food i suggested . ' unfortunately i may have been too naïve to think that i would n't have check the origins of each recipe instead trusting that the work would be completed in an honest and professional manner . the 26-year-old ( left ) has earned an enormous social media , with almost one million followers on social media . allie 's blog : this recipe appeared on ms dodds ' blog , mealspiration , in 2012 . ashy 's book : this recipe appeared in an edition of ashy bines ' clean eating recipe book . access to the latest edition of ms bines ' clean eating diet plan currently costs $ usd75.90 ( or around $ 100aud ) . ' it 's recently come to my attention that some of these recipes were not originals at all and have been copied from other sources . ' this was never my intention and it really sucks that these things can happen . ' ms dodds said : ' ashy 's business is meant to be built around encouraging and empowering women however i am disappointed that i never received recognition from her . in text messages to the gold coast bulletin on monday , ms bines - who is pregnant - said she had received sickening online abuse producing the plagiarism video . examples of the comments included ' i hope ( your baby ) gets down syndrome , you dirty liar ' and ' you are a bitch , i pray a truck runs you over ' . ms bines expressed disbelief at the comment involving her unborn child . ' to wish a baby gets down syndrome gosh i actually did n't think you could sink any lower [ sic ] , ' she wrote on her social media account in response to the woman 's comment . a supporter jumped in to also defend ms bines . ' hate someone so much that you go out of your way to stalk them and wish an intentional disability on someone 's baby ? ' the supporter said . ' when you grow up and mature and someone wishes that your baby is still born because they would hate to see such a tragic soul bring a poor bub into your world , let us know how it feels . ' given that you think downs [ sic ] is so bad , it is people like you that the world does not need . ' ' this was never my intention and it really sucks that these things can happen ' ms bines said in a video message about plagiarism in her book . pictured right is an image of ms dodds ' ' kanga rolls ' in ms bines 's book . the ingredients of kanga rolls published on ms dodds ' website . the kanga rolls method published on ms dodds ' website .       