an international panel of scientists will today launch a major inquiry to discover whether official world temperature records have exaggerated the extent of global warming . the panel , convened by the global warming policy foundation ( gwpf ) , the ‘ climate sceptic’ think-tank led by the former tory chancellor lord lawson , will focus on thousands of ‘adjustments’ that have been made to temperature records kept at individual weather stations around the world . sceptics have argued that the effect of such adjustments – made when instruments are replaced or recalibrated , or heat-producing buildings are erected close to weather station sites – has skewed the records . sceptics : the panel will look at whether ' adjustments ' made to temperature records around the world have made climate change appear worse - or whether they actually manage to cancel each other out . the panel will also examine ‘extrapolations’ – when the records include virtual figures from places where there is no actual measuring station , instead basing them on the figures of other stations in the same region . in some areas , such as the arctic , these may be hundreds of miles away . sceptics claim that the effect of the adjustments is usually to revise temperatures from decades ago downwards , and to increase recent readings , so that the warming trend of the past 150 years looks larger than it really is . the panel has been drawn from leading universities around the world , and includes scientists with widely differing views on climate change . panel member professor william van wijngaarden , a physicist and climate expert from york university in toronto , said he had been concerned about the records’ quality for many years , after noticing that when you examined an individual station ‘you’ll see a sudden jump’ . such jumps , he said , were not natural , but the product of adjustments . ‘ sometimes you get “corrected” data without knowing exactly how it has been changed . i’m a scientist . i’m not going into this with any preconceptions . but if some of the corrections have not been properly made , then we’ll find out . we want to see all the actual station data . ’ dr benny peiser , the gwpf director , said the panel would try to look at all the thousands of stations whose data goes into the three main world temperature records – those kept by the met office , nasa , and the us government agency that deals with weather . tensions : the group have brought together people from all sides of the debate to look into the problem , and is asking as many people as possible to hand data over . pictured : climate change protest . ‘ the question is , do the adjustments balance each other out ? ’ he asked . ‘ do they make half the stations a little warmer , and half a little cooler , or is there evidence of bias ? ‘ it may turn out there is no problem . it may that there is . ’ he said the panel’s work would be ‘transparent’ , with all data made available though a public website . the panel’s chairman is professor terence kealey , former vice-chancellor of the university of buckingham . he said : ‘ while we believe that the 20th century warming is real , we are concerned by claims that the actual trend is different from – or less certain than – has been suggested . ‘ we hope to perform a valuable public service by getting everything out into the open . ‘ we hope that people who are concerned with the integrity of climate science , from all sides of the debate , will help us to get to the bottom of these questions by telling us what they know about the temperature records and the adjustments made to them . ’ 