controversial australian celebrity chef pete evans is under attack again with experts warning his ' reworked ' baby milk formula is dangerous to babies . dietitians have singled out a ' happy tummy brew ' in evans ' cookbook , bubba yum yum : the paleo way , for new mums , babies and toddlers , because it contains almost five times the maximum vitamin a dose for a baby . the original recipe for the ' brew ' contained more than 10 times the maximum daily intake of vitamin a for babies . scroll down for video . the paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around , with celebrity followers taking on the lifestyle . the dieticians association of australia said the reworked formula still presents a threat to babies . ' this new infant ' brew ' could seriously harm babies , ' a spokeswoman for the dieticians association of australia told news corp australia . ' the authors seem to have made a serious mistake with this second version of their liver and broth recipe , suggesting they do not understand the basic scientific and nutrition information relevant for infant feeding . ' they have said publicly that they have tried to make it safe by reworking the original recipe , and increasing the age for which it 's suggested from 0-6 months to now be 6-12 months , but they have failed spectacularly to meet any safe standards . ' the paleo advocate has been encouraging hundreds and thousands of australians to embrace the lifestyle . evans 's co-authors , wellness blogger charlotte carr and naturopath helen padrin , told channel 7 last week the dangerous formula had been reworked and renamed ' happy tummy brew ' . the pair told the program the recipe had changed . ' we added vitamin c and some calcium , ' carr told the morning show . it comes after evans ' recently shared two stories on his social media accounts of women who claimed the paleo diet helped alleviate the symptoms of their multiple sclerosis . a 30-year-old woman , hollie , wrote she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013 . she said that she endured months of constant dizziness , altered temperature perception , extreme fatigue , numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression . but after jumping on the paleo diet bandwagon , hollie claimed she has not suffered any ms symptoms over the past 12 months , her depression has gone and she feels healthier than ever . hollie 's experience led the celebrity chef to share her testimonial with his 868,000-plus followers on facebook on saturday . pete evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis . ' wow this is powerful story on ms , thanks for sharing hollie.. it will make your heart sing.. it has mine , please tag and share wide ! ' evans wrote . the australian chef also shared a similarly remarkable testimony by marg , another ms sufferer . the woman claimed she has seen significant health improvements after being on evans ' 10 weeks paleo program . the celebrity chef has been a proud paleo advocate . ' i have had a lot of health issues the past years , mainly auto-immune stuff including ms , ' she wrote in the online post . ' having ms means i 'm always sapped of energy , have numbness , pins and needles , pain , poor concentration , etc . not any more ! ' marg said she was recently able to walk up and down a flight of 811 stairs . ' no way on earth i could have done that 10 weeks ago , ' she wrote . ' my concentration and memory is much better and i can also plan better . i 'm not off my ms meds yet but i am off my thyroid and reflux meds . ' thanks so much pete and team for helping me get my life back . you 've made this road so easy . as an added bonus i 've gone from a size 16 to a size 12 . ' the my kitchen rules judge has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting the benefits of a ' caveman diet ' that cuts out grains , legumes , sugar and dairy . but , hollie praised evans for his endorsement of the controversial diet , and said ' the way you are changing the lives of others by leading an example is remarkable ' . ' i have been inspired by your encouragement , great recipes and educated by the accurate information you provide , ' hollie wrote . ' pete , i thank you so very much for bringing paleo in to the mainstream - people no longer look at me as though i 'm a weirdo for following this way of life . ' in another recent facebook post , the australian chef shared a similarly remarkable testimony by marg who also suffers from ms . evans has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting a controversial caveman ' diet ' . latrobe university associate professor of dietetics catherine itsiopoulos pointed out hollie 's diet might have been unhealthy before adapting the paleo lifestyle . ' her diet may have been poor previously , ' dr itsiopoulos told daily mail australia . ' there are so many factors to pinpoint - specifically how her condition changed and we do n't know what her diet and eating habits were like before . ' by eating lean meat , good oil and high intake of bioactive plants such as leafy and root vegetables - could all have a beneficial effect because all of these foods work significantly well together . ' but we do n't actually know if her condition is cured so it 's hard to advocate on because there 's no scientific evidence to back this up . ' the paleo lifestyle , which evans is a long-time supporter of , bans all dairy , grains , preservatives and sugar . university of south australia professor of population , health and nutrition kerin o'dea said while the diet seemed to have worked for hollie , it might not work for others . ' pete can share whatever he likes to his followers but there 's never going to be one magic bullet to cure an illness or a serious disease , ' dr o'dea told daily mail australia . ' someone reporting an anecdote might be true in one person 's case but it 's very difficult to imply it to others , which can be quite misleading for people . the paleo style of eating , which pete evans is a proud supporter of , has been sweeping across the globe . ' they could feel failure when it does n't work for them , especially when they try to cure a serious condition like this . ' i would n't recommend any particular diet for anyone suffering any type of illnesses . ' the paleo style of eating , which evans is a proud supporter of , has swept the globe and involves a high intake of meat , fish , eggs , vegetables , some fruits , seeds and nuts . 