us drug enforcement administration ( dea ) agents in colombia were taking part in alleged ' sex parties ' with prostitutes funded by drug cartels years earlier than previously known , u.s. lawmakers said on tuesday . several dea agents were taking part in these parties in bogota as early as 2001 , said a summary of a dea report released by the house committee on oversight and government reform at a hearing on the misconduct . ' this new internal report describes not one or two isolated incidents , but literally dozens of parties with prostitutes , ' democratic representative elijah cummings said at the hearing , where lawmakers grilled dea administrator michele leonhart . scroll down for videos . several dea agents were participating in alleged sex parties in colombia starting in 2001 according to a new report . this news comes two weeks after a report found that at least 7 agents admitted sleeping with prostitutes while on overseas assignments . the hearing came on the heels of a separate , march 26 report by the justice department 's office of the inspector general that described similar allegations between 2005 and 2008 . that report said 10 agents - an assistant regional director and nine special agents - had alleged sex parties on government-leased property and used taxpayer money to pay for the prostitutes . after investigation , seven of the agents admitted attending the parties and were suspended for between two and 10 days . one special agent was cleared of all wrongdoing , the report said . none of the agents was named in the report . the inspector general said it investigated allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct between october 2008 and september 2012 , though they declined to confirm where the alleged ' sex parties ' took place . the dea declined to comment . that report cited ' repeated allegations of dea special agents ... patronizing prostitutes and frequenting a brothel while in an overseas posting . ' it came in the wake of a prostitution scandal involving secret service agents in cartagena , colombia , in 2012 that damaged the agency 's straitlaced reputation . where there was alleged high-risk sexual misdeeds , security agency personnel often were not told ' until long after they occurred or were never informed , even though such behavior presents significant security risks , ' the report said . the inspector general found a wide range of sex-related offenses in the case files of the fbi , dea , atf and us marshals service , including sex with prostitutes and sexual assault of minors in a report two weeks ago . house oversight and government reform committee chairman jason chaffetz called the allegations regarding the dea agents ' stunning ' and urged action . inspectors also criticized the fbi and dea for initially refusing to provide unredacted information requested , and then providing information that was `` still incomplete . '' department of justice spokesman patrick rodenbush said the department is already working with the agencies ' to ensure a zero tolerance policy on sexual harassment and misconduct is enforced and that incidents are properly reported . ' 