labor senator penny wong and her partner have announced the arrival of their second child by tweeting an adorable photo of their eldest daughter holding the newborn . the south australian senator 's partner sophie allouache gave birth to baby hannah in adelaide on good friday . ms wong , 46 , shared the news with her 100,000 twitter followers on tuesday morning . scroll down for video . labor senator penny wong tweeted this picture of daughters alexandra and hannah after her partner sophie allouache gave birth to their second child on good friday in adelaide . the couple used the same sperm donor who helped them become parents to three-year-old alexandra . ' sophie and i are delighted to announce the arrival of hannah , a sister to alexandra , ' she said . ' everyone is doing well . ' it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter alexandra in 2011 . hannah was conceived through ivf by the same man who helped them become parents to alex . the couple announced they were having another child in december last year in an interview with the advertiser . their three-year-old helped spill the beans . it is the second child for the long-term couple who welcomed their eldest daughter alexandra ( pictured ) in 2011 . ms wong shared news of her second daughter 's brith with her 100,000 twitter followers on tuesday morning . ' like all families we had to think about whether we tell the toddler because she 's notorious - she does n't know what a secret is , ' she told the newspaper at the time . ' but we decided to tell her because we thought it was important she knew . ' which was fine except at the labor convention she sat reading the gruffalo to a baby over and over again ... i came over and asked how it was going and a friend said ' it 's all really good but she 's just told everyone mummy 's got a baby in her tummy ' . ' ms wong has admitted in the past it would be hard to balance two children and her parliamentary duties . ' the unfortunate reality is that sophie does the lion 's share of the work and we 're lucky to have my mum and sophie 's parents , who are very supportive , ' she told the advertiser . ' unfortunately most work is still structured in a way that expects someone at home to do most of the work . ' alexandra , pictured here with former prime minister julia gillard , was born in 2011 .     