matej vydra 's superb volley helped keep watford on the trail for automatic promotion as they recorded a 2-0 victory over a spirited millwall side , who sank further into relegation trouble . millwall were on top for much of the first half but a stunning hit from vydra saw the hornets take in a slender advantage at half-time . aiden o'brien was a constant menace for the hosts - who had an early penalty shout turned down - but watford were far too clinical , as adlene guedioura slotted a vital second goal shortly after the break . matej vydra fires home his stunning volley from the edge of the box to put watford into the lead . vydra is congratulated by his watford team-mates as his goal moved the club towards automatic promotion . millwall keeper david forde was called into action in the first minute , doing well to deny troy deeney after the striker had broken the offside trap . the lions quickly gathered momentum and despite some promising approach play - with o'brien at the heart of much of it - failed to create any meaningful opportunities . and the home side had a legitimate penalty shout after ben watson bundled over of ed upson , as the midfielder jinked in from the right , but that went unpunished . after watford weathered the storm , vydra produced his moment of inspiration by volleying in from just outside the box in the 26th minute . forde was helpless as the czech thumped the ball into the far corner from ikechi anya 's cross . millwall , playing with renewed hope of survival after a first win in 10 on good friday , then squandered a golden opportunity when martyn woolford failed to pick out o'brien lurking unmarked two yards from goal . adlene guedioura celebrates in front of the travelling fans after making it 2-0 and sealing the three points . troy deeney , who went close early on , is tackled by millwall 's shaun williams during the championship clash . the hosts also ended the half in the ascendency as jimmy abdou 's scuffed shot was well saved by heurelho gomes . millwall huffed and puffed as they had in the first-half , but created few chances of any note . they came closest to boosting their slim survival hopes when o'brien robbed matthew connolly of possession , but gomes saved well . in the 54th minute , anya - as he did for vydra 's opener - created watford 's second . the scottish winger combined with troy deeney to outfox shaun cummings and sid nelson before squaring for guedioura , who tucked away a six-yard tap-in . deeney dives in to stop dan harding getting past , as millwall slipped closer to relegation . it was a goal that watford 's second-half performance deserved , as they overcame millwall 's superiority before the break to showcase the quality that puts them on the brink of the premier league . they twice came close to adding to the lead , as first vydra then odion ighalo ran free on goal . forde managed to gather the ball at vydra 's feet and then saved agilely from substitute ighalo . avoiding defeat would have equalled their longest unbeaten run of the season at four games , but the lions more than likely need to go without a loss in all five of their remaining fixtures to stand any chance of beating the drop . 