lucy mecklenburgh shot to fame as one of the postergirls of the only way is essex - and she 's not the only family member making waves in the modelling world . lucy , who is the face of sunkissed , has called on her younger sister lydia to join her in the latest beauty campaign for the fake tan brand . lucy , 23 , and her 19-year-old sister prove that good looks run in the family as they pose in their swimsuits and show off their golden glows in the new shoot . scroll down for video . towie star lucy mecklenburgh called on her younger sister lydia to join her in the latest beauty campaign for fake tan brand , sunkissed . speaking to femail about the new campaign , lucy said : ' it was really lovely working together . we don’t always get to see each other a lot as lydia is at uni and i’m working a lot so it’s definitely brought us closer together . ' we both love getting glammed up with hair and make-up and doing photoshoots together so it was really fun . ' speaking about her first-ever modelling gig , lydia added : ' as it was my first campaign it was nice having lucy there as a bit of support as she knows what she’s doing . ' the sisters , who show off their toned legs in the new shoot , said it was ' really lovely working together ' because they do n't get to see each other often . this is fitness fanatic lucy 's second campaign for the beauty brand - and she showcases her summer body in the snaps . as well as boosting her energy levels and her mood , lucy admits that her figure benefits from her healthy lifestyle and says her favourite feature is her ' small waist ' . lucy , who stars in her second campaign for the tanning brand , admitted that she used to overdo it on the orange stuff in her teenage years . the essex-born star said : ' i definitely think my style has changed over the years . i’ve realised that less is definitely more , when it comes to your outfits keep them simple and classy , but still quite fun . ' with my make-up , i’ve stripped it back . i don’t wear heavy smokey eyes all the time and my tan has definitely gotten lighter ! i was a little bit orange at school but now i’ve realised that you should build up your colour rather than layer it all on in one go . ' obviously lucy swears by the product she 's promoting and cites it as her handbag essential . ' i love the smell , ' she said . ' it reminds me of holidays and coconuts . it definitely passes the boyfriend test - he ( louis smith ) loves the smell . ' lucy admitted that she used to overdo it on the orange stuff in her teenage years but has toned it down now . the reality tv star and fitness guru says that she has stripped her make-up back over the years and does n't wear heavy eyeshadow or too much fake tan like she used to at school . as well as working with the beauty brand , lucy has been busy establishing herself as a fitness guru - even launching results with lucy - an online work-out programme . the 23-year-old has been busy filming her latest fitness dvd in the hope to help kick-start a new ‘ summer body’ fitness regime . and lucy is certainly a postergirl for the healthy lifestyle she preaches , admitting that working out has become an essential part of her daily life . ' if i’m having bad day i always have a workout , ' she said . ' it makes you feel good and gets your endorphins going . ' as well as boosting her energy levels and her mood , lucy admits that her figure benefits from her healthy lifestyle . ' i do love my small waist , ' she said of her best feature . ' i work really hard for it by doing hoola hooping and exercise , but i would absolutely love my sister’s legs ! she has the longest legs in the world and i’m so jealous . she takes after dad whilst i take after mum on that one . ' as well as working with the beauty brand , lucy has been busy establishing herself as a fitness guru - even launching results with lucy - an online work-out programme - and filming fitness videos . luckily for lucy , her olympic athlete boyfriend , louis smith , loves the smell of her fake tan .  