chelsea defender gary cahill has backed captain john terry to shrug off a hostile reception when they head to loftus road to face qpr on sunday . it was on the same ground in 2011 that terry was caught up in a race controversy with ex-qpr defender anton ferdinand , later cleared in court of racially abusing the player but banned for four matches and fined £220,000 by the football association for ' using abusive language related to colour ' . anton may no longer be at loftus road , but brother rio could feature under chris ramsey . terry 's former central defensive partner with england has called him the ' biggest idiot ' in the past for the way he handled the racism row . john terry was caught up in a race controversy with then-qpr defender anton ferdinand in 2011 . terry was cleared in court of racially abusing ferdinand but was banned and fined by the fa . the football association fined terry , pictured at westminster magistrates court in 2012 , £220,000 for ' using abusive language related to colour ' . ' he has been through a lot football-wise in his career , ' cahill said . ' he has been through so many good times , winning trophies and whatnot , and bad times . so in terms of personality he is obviously thick-skinned and that 's why i say it wo n't affect him , and it wo n't affect us . ' terry was stripped of the england captaincy amid the fall-out , and subsequently announced his retirement from international football . on sunday , he may come up against anton ferdinand 's brother rio , who branded him an ' idiot ' over the affair , and the qpr fans can be expected to remind him of what happened . anton ferdinand avoids shaking hands with terry during the premier league game at loftus road in 2012 . but cahill added : ' it 's a local derby so the atmosphere will be intense and it will be another huge game to try to win . ' i think he has been there already . it 's not as if it 's the first time he has been back , he has played there . ' chelsea go into the weekend seven points clear of arsenal having played a game less , but cahill said there was no sense of easing up , with the gunners still to come on the fixture list . ' there is still that element of pressure to finish the job , ' he said . ' we 've worked so hard this season to be where we are and to put ourselves in the position we are in , so we want to go all the way and finish it . ' chelsea team-mate gary cahill says his skipper will handle the hostile reception this weekend . 