a doctor has told the inquest into the death of a young boy who apparently died from injuries sustained while paddle boarding , that the child had been ' caned or whipped ' before he died . two-year-old darcy atkinson was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died on december 7 , 2012 . the toddler had been in the care of his mother 's boyfriend adam taylor when he was rushed to gosford hospital by paramedics , before being airlifted to sydney 's westmead children 's hospital after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath . at the second day of a coronial inquest into the toddler 's death , intensive care unit clinical consultant dr barry wilkins said it was not possible the head injuries the darcy suffered came from a paddle board , as the boy 's mother tara rae-maxwell had previously claimed . darcy atkinson , two , died of brain injuries in december 2012 . he was covered in bruises and had traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system when he died . dr wilkins described the injuries the toddler sustained as 'tram-line marks ' , and said he had only ever seen them inflicted on a child , news corp reported . darcy was covered in the lines , usually sustained from being caned or whipped , and had bad bruising around his ears which appeared to be infected , dr wilkins said . ' there is no doubt in my mind ... that darcy had been assaulted physically at some stage in the day before he presented , ' he told the court . ' in my opinion this child has been caned or whipped , ' dr wilkins said , adding he had seen similar marks on a child in a landmark case where the toddler was beaten to death , about 20 years ago . the clinical consultant also noted that he notified the hospital 's child protection unit soon after darcy presented . darcy 's father , who was living in victoria at the time of his son 's death , broke down in the dock as his son 's horrific injuries were described , according to news corp . earlier in the inquest it was revealed that the toddler was covered in bruises by the time he got to hospital , and traces of the stimulant ritalin were found in his system . the toddler was rushed to gosford hospital by paramedics before being airlifted to sydney 's westmead children 's hospital ( pictured ) after throwing up three times and going rigid in the bath under his mother 's boyfriend adam taylor 's care . ' we need to call an ambulance because this is n't normal , ' mr taylor was urged by his flatmate , nicole warne , glebe coroners court was told on monday . the boy , described by his father peter atkinson as smart and proud , had earlier been paddle boarding with mr taylor , the inquest was told . this is despite his mother tara rae-maxwell claiming her son was ' petrified ' of water , news corp reports . he 'd experienced difficulty returning to daycare after a week-long holiday and was instead put in mr taylor 's care after telling his mother tara rae-maxwell he did n't want to go to school . while on the board , darcy had fallen back and bumped his head , mr taylor is alleged to have written in a text to ms rae-maxwell . mr taylor then took darcy to the home he shared with housemate ms warne for a swim . darcy seemed fine , ms warne told the inquest , but he twice vomited while near the pool . both adults became concerned when he again threw up , this time an alarming chunky-white mixture . they took darcy to a bathroom and ran a bath to warm the boy but his body became stiff . ' that 's when adam started to panic , ' ms warne said . the glebe coroners court ( pictured ) heard that the usually bright and assertive young boy had become lethargic and lost patches of hair in the days before his death . darcy , she said , was making loud , deep , gargling sounds but could n't speak . the usually bright and assertive young boy had become lethargic and lost patches of hair in the days before his death , the court heard . when he died he had bruising on his ears , temple and limbs and traces of the stimulant ritalin in his system . after informing ms rae-maxwell darcy had bumped his head , mr taylor allegedly sent her a photo of the boy . ' adam sent me pictures all the time of darcy when he had him , ' ms rae-maxwell said . but she repeatedly denied receiving the photo that day and it has never been located by investigators . deputy state coroner hugh dillon questioned how a mother who posted so many facebook photos of her son could n't locate the image . ' i know it sounds ridiculous . i 've been through so many phones , ' she said . the inquest continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .