the secret service took more than a year to replace a broken alarm system at the home of george h.w . bush , it has emerged . the alarm failed at the former president 's houston residence in september 2013 and even though the secret service bought a replacement system in january 2014 , it took until december for it to be installed - leaving the couple without the protection of a working alarm at their home for 15 months . it came despite an agent 's recommendation in 2010 that the alarm , which was installed in 1993 , be replaced because it ' had exceeded its life cycle ' . the request was denied for an unknown reason . the oversight - just the latest in a string of blunders by the agency - was revealed in a report by the department of homeland security office of inspector general , which was released on thursday . concerns : former first lady barbara bush and former president george h.w . bush , pictured watching basketball in march , did not have a working alarm at their houston home for more than a year . during the time the alarm was out of service , the secret service assigned an employee to keep watch over the residence , according to the report , cbs news reported . some inside the agency contended that the agent was not sufficient to replace the alarm system , the washington post reported . despite the apparently relaxed security measures , there were no breaches at the property , where 90-year-old bush and his wife barbara have lived for more than two decades . on twitter on thursday , bush said that he and his wife have ' great respect for , and confidence in , the men and women ' of the secret service . ' that respect and confidence has never waned , ' he wrote . endorsement : in light of the reports , bush tweeted that he had ' great respect ' for the secret service . property : their houston home , circle , was guarded by a secret service agent throughout the 15 months . the report also raises concerns about the security at other former presidents ' homes , but has redacted their names . among the concerns , one official reported that safety equipment showed ' signs of impending failure ' . in january , the washington post reported that the alarm system at vice president joe biden 's home was failing so agents had simply switched the system off . they were told that budget constraints meant the repairs would have to wait . the new report , which was addressed to secret service director joseph clancy , recommended that the agency reviews all security equipment and looks into how it keeps track of maintenance issues . ' with these fixes in place , we believe the secret service will more effectively meet its mission to protect the lives and homes of our former presidents , ' homeland security inspector general john roth , who wrote the report , said in a statement . blunders : a member of the secret service patrols outside the white house last september after a man managed to scale the fence , run across the lawn and enter the property without being stopped . embarrassment : last week , a man landed a gyrocopter on the u.s. capitol lawn in the latest embarrassment for security teams in washington d.c. pictured , a member of a bomb squad checks out the aircraft . clancy agreed with the recommendations and said that the secret service had launched a review before the investigations . the report 's findings are just the latest embarrassment for the secret service , which has seen its reputation tarnished by a string of missteps in recent months . last year , iraq war veteran omar gonzalez scaled the fence of the white house and managed to enter the residence - running right past agents , who also failed to release a dog in time . earlier this year , two agents drove through an active bomb investigation , and last week , a protester flying a gyrocopter managed to land on the lawn on the u.s. capitol in d.c .