bending and rising in spectacular fashion , these stunning pictures capture the paddy fields of south east asia and the arduous life of the farmers who cultivate them . in a photo album that spans over china , thailand , vietnam , laos and cambodia , extraordinary images portray the crop 's full cycle from the primitive sowing of seeds to the distribution of millions of tonnes for consumption . the pictures were taken by professional photographer scott gable , 39 , who spent four months travelling across the region documenting the labour and threadbare equipment used to harvest the carbohydrate-rich food . scroll down for video . majestic : a farmer wades through the mud with a stick as late morning rain falls on top of dragonsbone terraces in longsheng county , china . rice is a staple food for more than one-half the world 's population , but for many consumers , its origin remains somewhat of a mystery . the crop accounts for one fifth of all calories consumed by humans and 87 per cent of it is produced in asia . it is also the thirstiest crop there is - according to the un , farmers need at least 2,000 litres of water to make one kilogram of rice . mr gable said he was determined to capture every stage of production with his rice project - from the planting to the harvesting all the way down to the shipping of the food . after acquiring some contacts from experts at cornell university in new york and conducting his own research , he left for china last may and spent the next four months traveling . he said : ' the images were taken over a four month period from april to july last year across asia . i visited china , thailand , vietnam , laos and cambodia as part of my rice project . video courtesy of www.scottgable.com . breathtaking : a paddy field worker toils on the beautiful landscape of dragonsbone terraces in longsheng county , china . farmers ' procession : a rice planting festival parade takes place near the village of pingan in guangxi province , china . ' the project is one part of a larger three part project on global food staples - rice , corn and wheat . i am currently in the process of shooting the corn segment . ' the industrialisation of our food and mono-culture food staples have interested me for some time so that 's probably what inspired me to do this project . ' i shot the whole project using a canon slr and gopros . the actual shooting took four months and then post production took another four more months . ' the reaction to my work has been incredibly positive - i was able to secure a solo gallery show and create quite a bit of interest online which has been great . ' family crop : a hani woman in traditional clothing sits on top of her family 's rice store in yunnan province , china . arduous labour : employees of taiwan 's state-run rice experimental station are pictured beating rice husks by hand as the sun shines on them . mr gable spent months learning mandarin chinese in preparation for his trip , but the language barrier was still his greatest challenge . in an interview on photographic blog slate , he added : ' i had enough chinese that i could get around in the big cities , but once i got into the highlands or mountains they do n't speak mandarin . ' there are so many different languages in china . that was very difficult . there 's no iphone translation for these dialects . ' mr gable is already working on a new related project documenting corn production and after that , he plans to do a similar investigation of wheat . the three projects together form part of his mission to inspire people to think about food and its origins in an enlightened way . a world away from modern life : a hani farmer is pictured using hand tools to ready a terrace for planting rice in china's yunnan province . muddy work : a solitary famer wearing a traditoinal asian conical hat labours in a paddy field in lowland southern china . tough life : an elderly chinese farmer is seen carrying stacks of rice shoots to be planted in a field . manufacturing process : a rice harvester dumps raw rice into a catch vehicle in taitung , taiwan , where more modern equipment is utilised . primitive : a farmer ploughs a field using a bull in southern china - using a technique introduced thousands of years ago . way of life : a guangxi province highlands farmer clears a paddy field as the sun sets in southern china . prepared for distribution : a worker at a taiwanese rice-production facility near fuli , taiwan stands in front of giant sacks of the crop . the photographer was determined to capture every stage of rice production from the planting and harvesting all the way down to the shipping . rice project : scott gable said he was determined to capture every stage of production from the planting and harvesting to the shipping . 