shocking footage has emerged of the terrifying moment two people stood in a tiny dinghy while a six metre great white shark charged them . a film crew shooting the documentary lair of the megashark were just off new zealand 's stewart island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator who decided to nudge the boat and bite at the thin rope that tethered the dinghy to the main boat . the two men that can be seen on the boat are shark experts jeff kurr and andy casagrande . they can be seen panicking as the great white uses it 's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat , causing it to sway dangerously . a film crew shooting the documentary lair of the megashark were just off new zealand 's stewart island when they attempted to put a camera on the dorsal fin of the massive ocean predator . the shark disappears for a few moments while the crew regroups , however , they are stunned a second time when it resurfaces dangerously close to the dinghy , as it tries to get a hold of the bait attached to the main rig . one of the men described the experience as ' a bit nerve racking ' while another man can be heard saying : ' i do n't think this is such a brilliant f*****g idea you know ' . another shark is spotted breaching near the small boat before the crew decide it is too unsafe to have a boat of that size in the water , while such large predators are in the area . one man can be heard warnning that while sharks are ' not malicious ' , they do ' kill things for a living ' . the documentary lair of the megashark was screened on the discovery channel last year during shark week . images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it 's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food . the men can be seen panicking as the great white uses it 's strong jaws and tail to shake the boat , causing it to sway dangerously . images of the footage have been posted online by groups who want to ban shark diving as they think it 's causing sharks to associate humans and boats with food . fisherman richard squires told the new zealand herald he had faced two similar attacks and is confident that the reason sharks are becoming more comfortable around boats is cage-diving . ' a shark came up and bit a buoy on the stern of the vessel , it came charging out of the water with its mouth open , ' he said . last year the department of conservation only granted permits to two cage diving operators under the condition that they observe strict regulations around feeding and using decoys . they are also only authorised to operate at edwards island , around 10 kilometers off the coast of new zealand 's stewart island . last year the department of conservation only granted permits to two cage diving operators under the condition that they observe strict regulations around feeding and using decoys . last year the department of conservation only granted permits to two cage diving operators under the condition that they observe strict regulations around feeding and using decoys . new zealand mp clayton mitchell is calling for the activity to be prohibited until a comprehensive study into the impact of cage diving is completed . ' when you start bringing the sharks in close to your boat for the thrill-seekers , like any animal their behaviour becomes modified , ' he said in a public meeting about the shark problem . experts , on the other hand , are certain cage diving has nothing to do with the increased great white activity . the department of conservation 's director of conservation services , allan munn , said it is ' highly unlikely ' shark diving would change the behaviour of sharks in the area . the department of conservation 's director of conservation services , allan munn , said it is ' highly unlikely ' shark diving would change the behaviour of sharks in the area .