a beautiful sunny evening and i am having a drink in the garden with friends . all is right with the world , apart from one thing — my head is itching horribly . without thinking , i scratch behind my ear , then near the crown , before my fingers move to my neck — where i can feel a smattering of small bites . i don’t just want to scratch , i want to rake my nails across my scalp and draw blood . feelings of well-being evaporate and my stomach lurches . i edge away from my unsuspecting friends . daisy goodwin has has problems with head lice since she was 19 and says she has suffered with them almost 100 times since then . it’s happened again . i have nits . i make my excuses and sneak inside to scrape my hair into a ponytail . i am desperate for my guests to leave so i can take out my nit lotion and special comb to get rid of the varmits . through the bathroom window , i can see my teenage daughter laughing with a couple of friends , all of them shaking their glossy , waist-length hair . my eyes narrow , those flowing locks are the enemy — a breeding ground for the bane of my life : pediculus humanus capitis , or head lice ( a nit is the egg sac laid by the female louse on the hair shaft of their human hosts ) . i have had nits at least 100 times . never as a child , but as an adult it has been one infestation after another . i should stress i wash my hair pretty much every day and have no other body-borne parasites , such as fleas — but my scalp is el dorado for lice . my first experience was at 19 when i was studying at cambridge . i had just been home , visiting my two sisters who were still at primary school . a week later i was sitting in the university library opposite a boy i had a crush on . our eyes met , he smiled , i grinned back then scratched my head . i heard something hit the paper i was taking notes on , and there on the page of white a4 was an object the size of an eyelash , with six wriggling legs . dais ( pictured as a child ) says she was never affected by head lice when she was younger , only getting them for the first time when she was 19 . it was my first sighting of a live louse . i ran to the nearest chemist and doused my head with the industrial-strength chemicals that were then usual treatment for nits . i didn’t tell anyone , i was too embarrassed , but made sure the next time i saw my sisters i kept them at arm’s length . i don’t know if the boy in the library saw the nit fall from my head — in my memory it was the size of a small mouse — but somehow i never found myself sitting opposite him again . in retrospect , i think he may have been giving me a wide berth . after a few nit-free years in my early 20s , my relationship with the parasites resumed when i became a mother . it’s a rite of passage for most parents of primary school children . the note comes home with them in the homework folder , announcing that nits have been found in the class and would parents please check their children’s heads for the critters and treat them accordingly ? easier said than done , as nits are masters of disguise — it takes 20:20 vision or a very high-powered magnifying glass to spot a live one . it’s much easier to pinpoint the eggs , tell-tale white flecks that cling to the hair shaft . daisy ( pictured ) was lucky to have a few nit-free years in her early twenties but did n't escape the parasites entirely as they returned when she had children . my eldest daughter began school in 1996 , and a nit invasion swiftly followed . they leapt with enthusiasm from her head to mine , and back again — completely ignoring the head of my husband — leading me to spend a small fortune on louse-busting treatments . this sector of the pharmaceutical market is worth £185 million a year in the uk , and i know why . as those who have experienced it know , nit-combing is the closest most mums get to being a gorilla , grooming its offspring for fleas . when my daughters were young ( they are now 24 and 14 ) i would regularly grab them by their lustrous locks and scrutinise their scalps for those tiny flecks . ‘ oh mum , ’ they would complain , ‘ lay off , there’s nothing there . ’ but i knew better . i had seen the scratching and i could feel the prickle on my own scalp . their heads and mine were five-star hotels for head lice and no sooner had i eliminated one nit invasion , another would follow . daisy ( pictured as a child ) says you can win the battle with headlice but you can never win the war . nits are the forth bridge of infestations , no sooner have you spent a good half-day combing the hair of a wriggling eight-year-old , than you have to do it all over again , and again and again . i have tried everything , and i mean everything to get rid of them . chemicals , suffocation , endless combing — there was even a point where i made my daughters put on hats when they came home from school so i wouldn’t get them . but there is no way to avoid them . the only thing i haven’t done is to shave their heads — or mine . you can win the battle against head lice with nit combs and conditioner and weekly combings , but you can never , ever win the war . relax your vigilance for a millisecond and they are back . christmas is peak time for nits in my experience — all that conviviality is party-time for the critters . over the past ten years , i must have spent at least five festive mornings hovering over my daughters with a nit comb , squeaking with horror as i extract yet another fat troublesome specimen from their hair . pretty much every foreign holiday i have taken in 15 years has involved one shaming incident where i have to mime the action of headlice in a foreign chemist’s shop — in italy they are called pidocchi , in germany , kopflause . what the thai word for them is i do not know , but i do know that scratching your head in a bangkok chemist will give you some pretty powerful stuff . i once missed a new year’s eve party in france because the local pharmacist told me to douse my head in olive oil overnight and then wash it off with coca-cola . desperate for a solution , i followed her advice and ended up with hedgehog hair that took a week to return to normal . the worst experience was a holiday in ireland with my best friend who has a head of expensively highlighted hair . after a week with me and my daughters , her head started to itch . the only remedy available in the pharmacy at schull , co cork , was so pungent it turned her ash tints a dull green . we are still friends — just . i thought that when my second daughter left primary school four-and-a-half years ago my nit ordeal would end , but no — it appears head lice are just as virulent among teens as they are among younger children . my nephews and nieces have become resigned to their aunt doing a quick once over when they visit — if i could install the head lice equivalent of a sheep dip , believe me i would . daisy ( pictured ) thought she was safe when her youngest daughter left primary school but it seems that headlice are just as virulent among teens as they are among younger children . when my daughters were young , i would quite often have a quick snoop over the scalps of their visiting friends just to check . sadly , that isn’t an option with teenagers — peering at adolescent scalps is a human rights issue . understandably , i have accumulated quite a bit of knowledge about nits in my near 30-year relationship with them . i have discovered , for example , that not many grown men seem to get them . could that be a hormonal thing or is it because men don’t get down with the kids as much as women ( nits can’t fly but they can jump downwards , so you never want to sit below a potentially nit-infested child ) . in new york , the louse-infested head straight to the nit pickers of crown heights — hasidic jews who comb every hair until they have eliminated them . over here , there is a thriving service called the hairforce , which will come to your house and de-infest the whole family . but it’s not cheap ( close to £1,500 for a family of four , including two home visits ) and if you get them as often as i do , you would be bankrupt . according to richard j. pollack , the only failsafe solution is to avoid all physical contact with other people as the nits can only jump a very short distance from head-to-head . my only comfort has been assuming that my attractiveness to head lice is something to do with having super-powerful feminine pheromones , which made me irresistible to both men and the pesky pediculus genus . yet according to richard j. pollack , senior environmental public health officer at harvard university , that is not the case . head lice do not discriminate , he insists : ‘ scalp hair is a prerequisite . being alive is another — they won’t infest corpses . head lice only infest human beings . ’ pollack says regular infestation in adults is rare , happening in less than 1 per cent of cases . his website , identify.us.com , has all the latest research on nits . but even he can’t explain why i’m a nit magnet . the only failsafe solution , he says , is to avoid all physical contact with other people ; nits can only jump a very short distance from head-to-head . of course , now i have told the world about my nit problem , that might not be a problem ! 