the apple watch is officially going on sale today - but none of its stores will have them in stock . apple launches its first smartwatch today - but anyone turning up to buy one from a store will be disappointed . for although the apple watch is officially going on sale , none of its locations will have them in stock . instead , consumers willing to shell out between $ 549 to $ 17,000 - for the gold edition - have to pre-order the watches online and wait for their arrival until june . usually , apple launches generate long lines outside stores . but analysts believe the company feared the lines might be embarrassingly short and so opted to launch the watch with more of a whisper than a bang . in fact , despite the high price and some skepticism that consumers are eager to adopt a new generation of wearable technology , pre-orders have far exceeded expectations . as a result , the company 's initial production run is simply not large enough to ensure that watches will be available in stores from today . analysts believe apple is sitting on some two million pre-orders and that sales could top 20 million this year . the watch includes a host of personal trackers , including a heart rate monitor , and is being billed as a personal doctor that will help users to lose weight and improve their health . however , apple also wants it to be seen as style statement and fashion accessory , with customers able to choose from any of 38 variants depending on the case and watch strap . as a result , limited supplies have been given to six designer outlets around the world , which will apparently be sold to a few select customers by appointment today . the launch of the watch into stores is being handled by apple retail chief , angela ahrendts , who is very familiar with the world of designer labels . she told apple staff via video message earlier this week that the decision to make the watch only available through online orders is because demand has exceeded supply . in it she said : ' we know that you have been bombarded with questions from customers . ' luckily , the customer feedback has been overwhelmingly positive . we know they are excited about the watch ... but there are a lot of questions about availability and timing etc . ' last week we announced that due to the high global interest and the initial supply that we would only be taking orders online right now . ' this was not an easy decision , and i think it 's really important to remind every single customer that this is not just a new product for us , this is an entirely new category . ' apple chief executive tim cook pictured giving a presentation on the apple watch in san francisco last month . a spokesman said : ' our team is working to fill orders as quickly as possible based on the available supply and the order in which they were received . we know many customers are still facing long lead times and we appreciate their patience . ' stuart miles , technology expert and founder of website pocket-lint.com , said : ' i think the watch will follow the same lines of success as the ipad did five years ago . it 's an intriguing device that has enough wow factor to pull people in . ' but he added that the change in buying process this time - and the online backlog that has already begun - could put some people off . ' the biggest problem apple looks to be facing , is not if people will buy one , it 's whether they are going to be happy to wait until they can get one , ' he said . industry commentators believe the apple watch will follow the same lines of success as the ipad ( pictured ) did five years ago .