another trophy slipped through brendan rodgers’ grip when they lost to aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday . that elusive first piece of silverware is proving hard to attain and an itch is developing which is in dire need of being scratched . after spending more than £200million since taking charge at liverpool in june 2012 , there is only so long the owners and fans will keep patient in their desire for dividends . brendan rodgers gives instructions to steven gerrard during liverpool 's defeat against aston villa . rodgers is set for his third season without a trophy after liverpool were dumped out of the fa cup . twitching times can develop when the top clubs go through barren spells - and rodgers’ is beginning to enter such a period . during rodgers’ time in charge , manchester united and chelsea had spent more than their merseyside rivals - so too have city by a fraction - but each of those have brought home something . united and city have won two trophies - including the premier league title - while chelsea have one and are sure to add the league title to that soon . arsene wenger has spent £183m , comparatively little , but managed to win two trophies over the past two seasons . that is less than rivals tottenham , who have spent just under £200m and , like liverpool , have won nothing . alexis sanchez celebrates his extra-time winner against reading to seal arsenal 's spot in the fa cup final . eden hazard 's first-half strike against manchester united leaves chelsea on the brink of winning the title . while the country’s best teams are filling their trophy cabinets , rodgers’ remains bare . the red half of merseyside expect success and landed the league cup under kenny dalglish just before rodgers took to the helm . analysis by sportsmail indicates that he has signed 22 players during his tenure , but only seven of those can be considered a success at this current time . his top signings have been daniel sturridge , philippe coutinho and simon mignolet , but the poor transfers outweigh the successful ones . rogers has gone for top young talent , ranging from 18 to 21 when he signs them . there is still time for some of those players - the likes of joao teixeira and divock origi - to prove their worth . but there will be only so much time . many of his big-money failures came last summer , when he tried to spend the money accrued from selling luis suarez to barcelona for £75m . adam lallana , lazar markovic , dejan lovren and mario balotelli have all disappointed this term . like the younger potentials , each of those could still make their mark , but the question is if it does not come together next season - and they remain trophyless again - will rogers still be in charge to reap any of the rewards ? philippe coutinho , mario balotelli and jordan henderson reflect on liverpool 's semi-final defeat on sunday . summer 2012 . fabio borini , roma , £10.5m . farmed out to sunderland for the whole of last season on loan then failed to secure a move away from liverpool but has scored just once this season as a bit-part player . verdict : miss . joe allen , swansea , £15m . one of rodgers’ first signings after he raided his former club . the plucky midfielder has not been spectacular so far but has still been a solid acquisition . verdict : hit . fabio borini , pictured in action against newcastle earlier this month , has scored just one goal for liverpool . joe allen tackles christian benteke in liverpool 's defeat ; he has proved to be one of rodgers ' best buys . oussama assaidi , heerenveen , £2.4m . failed to make a premier league start at liverpool , having more joy in two loan spells at stoke , and was sold to al ahli in january . verdict : miss . samed yesil , bayer leverkusen , £1m . still only 20 , this signing could well come to fruition at a later stage , especially if some of his performances for the club 's under-21 side are anything to go by . but has made only two appearances for the first team , both in the league cup . verdict : miss . january 2013 . daniel sturridge , chelsea , £12m . who says january transfers never work ? went on to score 11 goals in 16 liverpool games in the second half of the season after signing and has become one of europe’s top strikers . verdict : hit . philippe coutinho , inter milan , £8.5m . what a snip £8.5m looks after the brazilian , still only 22 , has become one of the league’s best players . verdict : hit . coutinho and daniel sturridge , both signed in january 2013 , must be considered ' hits ' for liverpool . summer 2013 . luis alberto , sevilla , £6.8m . the 22-year-old is currently on loan at malaga after failing to break into liverpool’s first team and is yet to start a league match for them . verdict : miss . iago aspas , celta vigo , £7.2m . strikers are judged on their goals and aspas , now on loan at sevilla , has scored only one of those for liverpool in an fa cup match . verdict : miss . simon mignolet , sunderland , £9m . been through some shaky spells but when on form , which he is at the moment , he is one of the premier league’s best goalkeepers . verdict : hit . simon mignolet has endured some shaky spells at liverpool , but when in form , he is one of the league 's best . joao teixeira , sporting lisbon , £800,000 . the 22-year-old has performed well on loan at brighton this season and time will tell if he can break into liverpool’s first team , but he has to be deemed a ‘ miss ' after only one substitute appearance so far . verdict : miss . kolo toure , man city , free . at 34 , he is no longer one of the greatest centre-backs in the league but is by no means one of the worst and signing him on a free transfer was a shrewd piece of business . verdict : hit . mamadou sakho cost liverpool £18m and has failed to justify his price tag , while kolo toure joined on a free . mamadou sakho , paris saint-germain , £18m . can be a formidable central defender at times but is far too erratic to justify the £18m price tag . verdict : miss . tiago ilori , sporting lisbon , £7m . yet to play for liverpool and the defender has managed only a few appearances on loan at granada and now bordeaux . only 22 , but is running out of time to prove himself . verdict : miss . summer 2014 . kevin stewart , tottenham , free . another who could well become a ‘hit’ in the future , but can not be considered one right now with the 21-year-old not appearing for liverpool . on loan at burton . verdict : miss . rickie lambert , southampton , £4m . it felt like he was joining the club as a back-up player , but injury to sturridge and lack of form from mario balotelli thrust lambert into the spotlight and he has been unable to deliver . verdict : miss . rickie lambert , replacing raheem sterling in liverpool 's win over newcastle , is a bit-part player at anfield . adam lallana , southampton , £25m . lallana has admitted he is yet to repay the liverpool fans for his hefty price tag and has been well short of his commanding displays for southampton in recent seasons . verdict : miss . emre can , bayer leverkusen , £10m . rodgers appears to be moulding can into a centre-back and at 21 he has played with a mature head that belies his tender years . verdict : hit . lazar markovic , benfica , £20m . the serbian has been at times brilliant but has failed to produce that form on a regular basis and at £20m fans will be expecting far more . verdict : miss . emre can has played with a mature head that belies his tender years since joining from bayer leverkusen . liverpool . total money spent : £215.7m . trophies won : 0 . chelsea . total money spent : £277.3m . trophies won : capital one cup . manchester united . total money spent : £267.5m . trophies won : premier league , community shield . manchester city . total money spent : £217.4m . trophies won : premier league , capital one cup . tottenham . total money spent : £199.7m . trophies won : 0 . arsenal . total money spent : £183m . trophies won : fa cup , community shield . dejan lovren , southampton , £20m . another former southampton player who turned in a number of consummate displays on the south coast but has failed to replicate them in merseyside . become an error-prone player since his move . verdict : miss . divock origi , lille , £10m . the belgian is only considered a ‘miss’ due to not playing for liverpool , but if he can replicate his form on loan at lille when he returns , rodgers could have a frightening forward at his disposal . still only 20 . verdict : miss . alberto moreno , sevilla , £12m . been an ever-present at full-back in liverpool’s side this season ; strong , fast and direct going forward and is not bad at defending as well . verdict : hit . mario balotelli , ac milan , £16m . his off-field problems outweigh his one goal in the league and three in other competitions . the controversial italian has mustered all season . rodgers needed a stellar name to replace luis suarez up front and balotelli has not been that . verdict : miss . hits : 7 . misses : 15 .  