the midwest is bracing itself for worse to come after a monster storm impacted a 1,500-mile arc with 10 reported tornadoes , grapefruit-sized hail and winds of up to 80 mph on wednesday . the storm system , which stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring , according to the weather channel . hail of up to 4 inches in diameter smashed buildings and cars and high winds tore off roofs and downed trees , as wild weather hit 12 states . strong storms rumbled through the southern plains early on thursday , missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit chicago , detroit and other big cities in the midwest later in the day . scroll down for video . a tornado moves into southwestern kansas bringing high winds and hail : strong storms rumbled through the southern plains early on thursday , missing major population centers but offering a preview of bad weather that could hit chicago , detroit and other big cities in the midwest later in the day . derek smith , 14 , from bonne terre , looks at the shattered rear window of his mom 's car that was busted out by hail slightly smaller than a tennis ball that fell from a storm in downtown farmington , mo. , on wednesday . some of the hail stones were almost the size of tennis balls that fell in downtown farmington , mo. , on wednesday . a hail stone slightly smaller than a tennis ball sits on the rear deck of a car after it smashed the rear window of the car in downtown farmington on wednesday . meteorologists and emergency managers from the high plains to the appalachians are on alert following the year 's first widespread bout of severe weather . the storm system , which stretches from texas up to the great lakes and down to north carolina , has the potential to be the biggest severe weather event so far this spring , according to the weather channel . the storm prediction center said 57 million people lived in an area with an ' enhanced risk ' of hail , damaging winds and tornadoes on thursday . tornadoes were reported on wednesday and early thursday in kansas , missouri and oklahoma , but those areas saw minimal damage . meteorologists and emergency managers from the high plains to the appalachians were on alert as the u.s. had the year 's first widespread bout of severe weather . the key message : have a plan . ' where to hide , emergency kits with medicines , snacks , water . even something like sturdy shoes , gloves , long-sleeve shirts . if they get hit by a tornado they 'll find they 'll need those things pretty quickly , ' said meteorologist erin maxwell with the national weather service in norman , oklahoma . ' know what you 're doing , and just do n't panic , ' maxwell added . severe thunderstorms packing 80mph winds and large hail made their way across central missouri on wednesday afternoon , including several capable of producing tornadoes . weather spotters reported a funnel cloud near potosi in eastern missouri at 3:35 p.m. , while an hour earlier the bates county emergency manager reported a tornado in southwest missouri that destroyed a 60-foot machine shop . indiana state police said high winds toppled a tractor-trailer on interstate 69 near evansville , while utilities reported a number of power outages after wind gusts reached 70 mph . fewer than 1 million people were covered by wednesday 's ' moderate risk ' area between wichita , kansas , and jefferson city , missouri . thursday 's worst weather was predicted in an area that included chicago , detroit and st. louis , as well as those in memphis , tennessee , and little rock , arkansas . areas that wo n't see strong storms on thursday could see heavy rain instead . a woman in kentucky posted photos online of hail the size of baseballs on wednesday . day two of the extreme weather front is predicted to being predcited to bring an ' enhanced risk ' of hail , damaging winds and tornadoes to 57 million people , said the storm prediction center . thursday 's worst weather is predicted in an area that includes chicago , detroit and st. louis , as well as those in memphis , tennessee , and little rock , arkansas . workers clear debris from fish pot creek in ballwin , mo. , on wednesday , april 8 , 2015 , that was blocking a bridge : the blockage came after the storm on tuesday causing the area around the bridge to flood . a parked car has a log jammed in to the wheelwell in ballwin , mo. , after a storm caused flooding from fish pot creek . the ballwin laundromat had more than a foot of water in it after the storm on tuesday in ballwin , mo . workers clear debris from fish pot creek in ballwin , mo. , on wednesday that was blocking the bridge . the blockage came after the storm on tuesday causing the area around the bridge to flood . a driver in a lifted four wheel drive truck negotiates the deep flood waters after a severe thunderstorm and tornado warning passed through the northeast side of monroe count east of bloomington , ind . pea and marble-sized hail : a supercell produced a tornado in northwest oklahoma and close to medicine lodge , kansas , causing damaging winds , hail and funnels .