this is the moment an unlucky man was gored between the legs by a rampaging bull after being knocked to the ground during a bullrunning celebration in spain . the unnamed man was sprinting ahead of the animal , trying to make it to the safety behind a set of iron bars when the angry animal sent him sprawling to the floor . and despite his desperate efforts to climb back up , the bull appeared to hit him right in the bottom with one of its horns as he tried to scramble away . scroll down for video . this unlucky man was gored during a bullrunning event in teulada , a small coastal town on spain 's costa blanca , after falling over in front of the beast . the man , who has not been identified , was seen running away from the angry animal before it caught him with one horn , sending him sprawling to the floor . pictures show him crawling desperately towards the safety of the bull bars , but he was unable to make it before the horn hit him square between the legs . the unfortunate incident happened on the street in teulada , a small coastal town on spain 's costa blanca , during the annual fiesta . the celebrations begin on april 8 and last until april 19 , and include floatillas and parades celebrating the town 's patron saint , sant vicent ferrer . as part of the fiesta , large , aggressive bulls are let loose to run around the streets , with local and visitors invited to run alongside them . the challenge is to tease the animals before escaping behind one of the wooden pallets or iron bull bars to safety . witnesses said the man was seen limping towards medical crews after the attack , but was unsupported and appeared not to have been seriously hurt . the bullrunning takes place during the town 's annual fiesta , which includes float parades in honour of sant vicent ferrer , the village 's patron saint . websites advertising the bull running recommend leaving the sport to the experienced locals , noting that the animals are faster than people think , and that it is mostly foreigners that get injured . while it is not known where this man came from , he was seen limping away to be tended by medical crews after the attack . he was not though to have been seriously injured .