sally lutkin , 49 , had to undergo emergency surgery and was in hospital for a week after a botched tattoo . when sally lutkin decided to have her grandchildren 's names tattooed on her leg , she imagined ending up with a beautiful , life-long reminder of her loved ones . instead , she was left with a gruesome black hole and a lasting scar in the middle of her calf , after being rushed to hospital for emergency surgery . mrs lutkin , 49 , had a rose surrounded by the names grandchildren harvey , seven , harvey junior , six , and cooper , one , tattooed above her left ankle in november 2013 . but the tattoo quickly became so swollen that she was in agony and could n't walk , forcing her to rush to a & e . doctors carried out emergency surgery to stop the infection spreading to her bone . she was left with a bloody hole resembling a gunshot in the middle of her rose design , as well as an unsightly scar she will have to live with for years . mrs lutkin , of kingston upon hull , east yorkshire , said : ' it really upset me because it 's something that i wanted just for me - and it really did n't turn out that way . ' i was in the hospital for a week and it was so difficult because it 's the longest i 've ever been away from my babies . ' they had to operate before the infection spread down to the bone and i do n't know what would have happened if they had not caught it earlier . ' the pain was horrendous - it was indescribable . i was in agony and the swelling was so bad that i could n't walk . ' her daughter laura , 28 , noticed that the tattoo was turning red the day after the needle work was complete . but mrs lutkin , who works as a cleaner , dismissed it as a normal part of the healing process . she was horrified when the symptoms worsened and her leg began to swell until she could no longer walk . her husband peter , 57 , a labourer , rushed her to hospital and she remained there for a week while she battled the nightmare infection . mrs lutkin , who has five children , admitted that even 18 months later she is still feeling the effects of the infection . mrs lutkin wanted a tattoo of a rose and her grandchildren 's names ( harvey , seven , is pictured , left ) . but it became infected and after an emergency operation she was left with a gruesome hole in her leg ( right ) . she has been left with a scar even 18 months after the ordeal , and has vowed never to have another tattoo again in her life . she said : ' i still get aches and pains from it but i just have to get on with my life . ' we 're a really close family and they were shocked . ' it was a hard thing for them to see me in so much pain , especially for my eldest grandkids . ' it ruined christmas because i could n't go out christmas shopping and all the little ones wanted to put the decorations up - in the end , my kids had to put them up for me . ' the ordeal forced her to abandon plans to add the names of one-year-olds lottie and harper - who were born within six days of one another - to the body art . and , with another grandchild on the way , mrs lutkin insists she is not tempted to tamper with ink any more . she said : ' it 's put me off for life . i 'd had tattoos before but i 'll never have one again . ' i wo n't even risk getting the tattoo removed . ' no one is laying their hands on me ever again after this . ' her leg became red and swollen - so much so that she was in agony and could n't walk ( pictured ) . she said : ' no one is laying their hands on me ever again after this . ' 