liverpool supporters will stage a protest on tuesday night against the mounting costs of tickets in the barclays premier league . the die-hard contingent of fans who travel the length and breadth of the country to watch brendan rodgers ' side are staying away from the kc stadium after hull city charged liverpool fans £50 for their sets . last season , the same seats were sold for £35 . that price has caused outrage , given that stoke fans were charged £16 for tickets when they went to hull in august and evertonians were charged £35 for seats at the kc stadium in december . liverpool fans ( seen here at arsenal ) are unhappy at being charge £50 to go to hull . liverpool fans are planning a protest a the hull game over the rising cost of tickets . to put the price of seats at the kc stadium into context , tickets for the fa cup semi-final at wembley were available for £33 . liverpool fans have been amongst the most vociferous railing at the spiralling costs and have regularly held up banners at stadiums saying they are ' against modern football ' . a statement on the spirit of shankly fans ' website said : ' we would encourage fans to join us on that night to tell the money men of the premier league cartel that they can not continue to charge exorbitant prices , whilst making obscene amounts of money . ' this wealth should be shared and passed back to the lifeblood of the game , the supporters… we will no longer accept these prices when there is more money in the sport than ever before . ' liverpool manager brendan rodgers said at his press conference on monday : ' i have been made aware of the issue . fans work hard to get money so they can attend these games . i respect the supporters ' right to protest . ' hull boss steve bruce has also called for barclays premier league officials to act to curb rising ticket prices after admitting he felt sorry for football fans . liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he respects the supporters ' right to protest . bruce said : ' i feel sorry for the supporters of big clubs who have to dig deep every week and i hope when the new tv money comes into play the premier league can remember football does belong to supporters . ' i know how difficult it is for people here at our club to find the money to bring their two kids to a football match and we have to make sure with all the money washing around we give something back to the fans . ' we have to remember the average man in the street because they are the lifeblood of football and i think if the premier league set certain rules we would all have to abide by them . ' 