kate upton has one of the best bodies in the world . the blonde supermodel 's curves are so jaw-dropping that if you found yourself on the same beach as her , it would be tough not to gawp , no matter what sex you were . but as you reach for your afternoon chocolate hobnob , rest assured that the 22 year old , who wears a us size 8 ( uk size 12 ) , is on an extremely strict diet and exercise regime to achieve that look . scroll down for video . kate upton , who appeared on the cover of the 2012 sports illustrated swimsuit issue , lives by the abc rule : no alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates . kate , who appeared on the cover of the 2012 sports illustrated swimsuit issue , lives by the abc rule : no alcohol , bread or processed carbohydrates , and goes through a 48-hour juice cleanse before every big film scene of photo shoot . in a new interview with the evening standard magazine , kate reveals that she eats lean and green meals every day , with only the occasional ' cheat day ' , where she indulges in salty fried food . according to the newspaper , the star eats a combination of one whole egg and one white egg scrambled on a bed of spinach for breakfast , followed by a green juice and handful of almonds mid morning . for lunch , she has grilled chicken , grilled vegetables and quinoa and then tops up with a protein bar late afternoon . kate only eats certain fruits - blueberries , blackberries , strawberries , kiwis and apples . then for dinner she prepares a meal of sashimi of grilled chicken with a kale and cashew salad . fans of red meat will also be disappointed - kate lives by the rule ' if it flies or swims , it 's good , ' meaning bacon , steak and sausages are out of the question . she told the paper : ' for me it 's about being strong , having the strength to work ten-hour days and eating healthily . ' even within the realms of healthy food , kate has her limits - although most people would consider themselves virtuous for snacking on fruit , she only eats specific types , including blueberries , blackberries , strawberries , kiwis and apples . kate is seen as a role model for young women , who are often led to believe that super skinny is beautiful . thomas wylde leather skirt . sold out - click to check out his current line at farfetch ! visit site . awards season has n't officially started yet but people magazine got in there early with their event in los angeles , giving us a taster for what 's to come in the new year . less formal than the golden globes and academy awards , the red carpet was still a glamorous affair with stars like jennifer lopez , jennifer aniston , kate hudson and gwen stefani all in attendance . and the queen of va va voom , kate upton also graced the red carpet looking every inch the bombshell we 've come to know and love . and boy did she rock this all leather look . the sexy pencil skirt is by thomas wylde and is now sold out , but you can take a look at some of his current line at farfetch ( right ) . or recreate kate 's red carpet style in one of the skirts we 've found below . mango , topshop , river island and reiss have all got great options with a price tag for every budget . then style with heels ( always ) and play with contrasting textures adding a super soft cashmere knit or simple jersey tee . mango leather skirt . visit site . rachel zoe sedona leather skirt . visit site . river island faux leather skirt . visit site . forever21 faux leather pencil skirt . visit site . but while kate works hard at her figure , she is also keen to act as a role model for young women who are constantly faced with anorexic-looking models in high fashion magazines . along with stars like kim kardashian , she is spearheading a change in perceptions of beauty - showing that curvy is just as beautiful as super skinny . she said : ' i 'm happy to be seen as a good example , if i can help girls who are going through body image issues , i think that 's amazing . '