a family faces an anxious wait after being told all four of them could get leukaemia . rachel simpson , 15 , was diagnosed last year with a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated . the rest of the family , from heysham , near lancaster , are now waiting on tests which could reveal which of them also have a mutation of the gata2 gene . the gata2 gene is important in the production of blood cells , and the disorder means a sufferer 's blood count might be low , making them more vulnerable to infection . alternatively , the blood cells might be abnormal , leading to leukaemia . rachel simpson , 15 , has a one-in-a-million genetic condition which doctors say will eventually give her cancer if untreated . the rest of her family ( her mother , donna , father derek and brother steven are pictured ) are now waiting on tests which could reveal who else has the faulty gene . miss simpson 's mother donna , who works as an artisan cake maker , said the rest of the family will find out their fate in the next few weeks . and despite the family fears , her daughter had taken the news as best she could . she said : ' getting a diagnosis like that , it 's a bit mixed . as a parent your feel like your insides have been ripped out , you 've got to be brave . ' but there 's also relief that we know what 's wrong so she can deal with it . ' she 's been absolutely amazing , we 've not had any tears , nothing , she 's ever so matter of fact about it , she understands all the consequences , they explained it all , and she 's been so mature . ' she explained her daughter 's diagnosis came after years of illness . ' she 's been getting ill for the last two or three years - she kept getting pneumonia and cellulitis ; any infection around she just seems to get . ' baffled , doctors ran blood tests - which revealed she had a mutation of the gata2 gene . mrs simpson said : ' the rest of us have had our fair share of problems , but no more than anybody else . ' we 're just waiting for the tests to come back to see if we have the mutation . ' miss simpson suffers from a mutation of the gata2 gene . this is important in the production of blood cells , and the disorder means a sufferer 's blood counts might be low , making them more vulnerable to infection . or , the blood cells might be abnormal , leading to leukaemia . doctors say the mutation 's frequency is less than one in a million - and one member of a family has a 50/50 per cent chance of passing it on . she added that despite the bad news about the mutation , the family were grateful for the testing . ' a few years ago we 'd have never found out until rachel got leukaemia , ' she said . ' but now they but now they can predict it , which is amazing . she added : ' god willing , i want my son steven to be ok. we 've already been told he 's not a bone marrow match , so rachel will need to go on the bone marrow register . ' professor inderjeet dokal , of st bartholomew 's hospital in london , is an expert in rachel 's condition . he said : ' this mutation 's frequency is less than one in a million , it 's a very rare genetic disorder . ' one member of a family has a 50/50 chance of passing it on , but it can also be the first time in the family that the genetic mutation occurs . ' if we assume one of the parents has it , then there 's a significant possibility that her brothers and sisters have the defect , although they may not have symptoms . ' he added : ' if they have the same defect , they ca n't be a bone marrow donor . ' the donor has to be both tissue type compatible and also negative for the mutation , so it makes it more difficult to find a suitable donor . '