lewis hamilton has described his ongoing contract issues as ' a pain in the backside ' as the reigning formula one world champion has become mired in paperwork . following the malaysian grand prix 11 days ago hamilton claimed his new deal with mercedes , worth an estimated £21million per year , was '99.6 per cent done ' and was now in the hands of his lawyers . but the fine print of the terms and conditions means the 30-year-old , who opted on this occasion - and for the first time in his career - to negotiate for himself without an agent , is becoming frustrated . lewis hamilton , who leads the world championship after two races , is pictured in the shanghai paddock . the british sporting star was sporting two gold chains ahead of this week 's chinese grand prix . lewis hamilton , pictured at a hugo boss promotional event , says his mercedes contract has not been sorted . the british world champion admits issues with paperwork has been ' a pain in the backside ' . according to hamilton it now means ' it is unlikely ' the contract will be signed ahead of this weekend 's chinese grand prix . speaking to sky sports news , hamilton added : ' obviously at the last race i said it would be done within a week . ' this is my first time negotiating myself and you do n't know how many times i 've had to read about 80 pages . ' it is so much reading and it is all in lawyer jargon , so it has been quite a pain in the backside to be honest . ' despite the issues with the new deal , hamilton is favourite to return to the top step of the podium on sunday at the shanghai international circuit . hamilton is a three-time winner at the venue - including last year - whilst he has finished in the top three on three other occasions . hamilton is surrounded by the media at the hugo boss event in shanghai on wednesday . mercedes driver hamilton and team-mate nico rosberg ( right ) were beaten by sebastian vettel in malaysia . despite ferrari winning their first race for almost two years last time out in malaysia , with sebastian vettel at the wheel , the much cooler conditions in china should play into mercedes ' hands . ' malaysia was a tough weekend , ' said hamilton . ' it always is with the heat , but with car problems on friday , rain during qualifying on saturday and a race which did n't go to plan on sunday , that one was particularly challenging . ' ultimately we made the best choices we could , but there is always room for improvement and we 've been working hard to analyse everything for this next race in china . ' the circuit is one i really enjoy and it suits my driving style quite well . ' i won the race last year and have only finished outside of the podium places twice , so the target is definitely to build on that and get back to the front . ' hamilton , pictured driving during final practice in malaysia , says the last grand prix was a ' tough weekend ' . he won last year in china and will be hoping for more joy in shanghai this weekend . 