every one of africa 's 54 member countries will vote for sepp blatter in next month 's fifa presidential election , the continent 's soccer boss said on tuesday , referring to the 79-year-old swiss as ' dear sepp . ' in front of blatter 's three challengers , issa hayatou , president of the confederation of african football , promised unanimous support in his speech to open caf 's annual congress in cairo . ' africa is comfortable having you . africa stays with you , ' hayatou said , according to a transcript of his comments provided by caf . sepp blatter ( left ) has received the full backing of african football 's president issa hayatou ( right ) . blatter was also present , and made a speech to the african football leaders in his role as fifa president . although the individual countries do n't have to follow hayatou 's directive , africa is expected to be a strong base of support for blatter . with 54 of the 209 fifa member countries eligible to vote in the presidential election in zurich on may 29 , africa is the largest of the six continental confederations . the praise blatter received in egypt contrasted to his uncomfortable reception at the uefa congress last month , when his presidency was criticized by the three candidates standing against him , and some european officials . luis figo ( left ) and michael van pragg ( right ) are opposing blatter and have chosen to run for presidency . hayatou , a fifa vice president and now an ally of blatter after failing to unseat him in 2002 , made an apparent reference to that uefa congress on tuesday . ' dear sepp , ' he said . ' i want to reiterate that here in africa you are never on some strange or hostile territory . you shall always be at home here , on this continent . ' blatter is seeking a fifth term in office to extend a reign that began in 1998 . fifa vice president prince ali bin al-hussein of jordan , dutch fa head michael van praag , and former portugal international luis figo are standing against him . prince ali bin al-hussein is the third challenger and the fifa vice-president was in attendance in zimbabwe . those three challengers wo n't be addressing caf delegates like they did at uefa 's congress . caf said the three were attending merely as ' observers . ' in his speech , blatter reflected on africa 's achievements during his time as fifa president , including the continent 's first world cup in south africa in 2010 . he said cameroon 's hayatou , who has led caf for 27 years despite allegations of corruption and an official reprimand by the ioc , was a ' pillar ' of african football , according to caf .