actress jemima kirke has revealed details about her experience with abortion , admitting that she was forced to use up every penny of her savings in order to pay for the procedure . the 29-year-old actress made the admission in a newly-released psa for the center of reproductive rights , an organization which aims to advance reproductive freedom , in the hopes that her story will help to encourage women to be more open and honest about the taboo topic . ' in 2007 i became pregnant with my boyfriend at the time , ' she says in the video , which appears on the website for the center 's draw the line campaign . ' my life just was n't conducive to raising a happy , healthy child . i just did n't think it was fair . so i decided to get an abortion , and i went to planned parenthood . ' scroll down for video . abortion advocate : girls actress jemima kirke , 29 , spoke out about her abortion in a new psa for the center for reproductive rights . costly procedure : jemima says she needed her boyfriend 's help to pay for the procedure , and even then she could not afford anesthesia . while she was able to easily access the local clinic in providence , rhode island , where she went to school , jemima says she faced numerous other hurdles to obtain her legal abortion . ' because i could n't tell my mother that i was pregnant , i had to pay for it out of pocket , ' she explains . ' i did have to like , empty my checking account , what i had in there , and get some from my boyfriend . ' i realized that if i didn’t take the anesthesia , i would be able to afford to do this . the anesthesia wasn’t that much more , but when you’re scrounging for however many hundreds of dollars , it is a lot . i just did n't have it . ' jemima says that it 's obstacles like these that have made her want to speak out publicly about reproductive rights . ' [ abortions are ] not completely unavailable , and that 's the tricky part , ' she says . ' we do have free choice , we are able to do whatever we want , but then there are these little hoops we have to jump through to get them . ' speaking out : the actress says getting an abortion was the right decision for her at the time , and she has since given birth to a daughter named rafella israel mosberg . it is not the first time that jemima has used her own experience in order to raise awareness about abortions ; in a 2012 episode of hbo series girls , jemima 's character jessa had a pregnancy scare and booked herself in for an abortion . while she eventually realized that she was n't actually pregnant , the episode touched on some of the scarier realities that many young women have to face when placed in a similar situation . in reality , women have to jump through numerous ' hoops ' before they can undergo the procedure , including lack of health insurance coverage for abortion , legal impediments , and limited access to facilities that offer the procedure in some states . according to the guttmacher institue , 33 per cent of women who obtained abortions in 2008 did not have health insurance ; of the 66 per cent of women who did have health insurance , 57 per cent paid for the procedure out of pocket . there are difficulties even for women who can afford to pay ; from 2011 to 2013 , more laws restricting abortion were passed than during the entire previous decade , including gestational limits , state-mandating counseling , and waiting periods . bold show : in the first season of girls , jemima 's character jessa schedules an abortion but does n't go through with it ; her character later has a miscarriage . similar storyline : in 2012 , 858,000 viewers tuned in to watch the episode of girls in which jessa plans to get an abortion . the actress adds that the stigma that still exists concerning abortion has made her more vocal about the subject , and she has never shied away from discussing her own experiences . ' i 've always felt that reproductive issues should be something that women , especially , should be able to talk about freely , ' she says . ' i have always been open about my stories . ' jemima is also concerned about the reproductive rights of her children — she has an 8-year-old step-daughter and a 4-year-old daughter with her husband , lawyer michael mosberg . ' i would love if when they 're older , in their teens or their twenties , that the political issues surrounding their bodies were not there anymore , ' she said . ' i would hate to see them having to fight for rights over their bodies . '