everton striker romelu lukaku dealt with racism as a youngster by using it as an added motivation to score goals . the belgium international revealed he encountered abuse playing in youth teams back in his homeland but found the perfect response . ' i did n't suffer too much but when you hear it for the first time you are like ' oh my god ' , ' said the 21-year-old , speaking at a kick it out session at a school in liverpool . romelu lukaku applauds the everton fans after a hard-fought 1-0 victory over burnley at goodison park . lukaku hailed the work rate of strike partner arouna kone , who allows him to focus on scoring more goals . ' but i just responded by scoring goals . i used it as motivation . ' i remember one game for anderlecht under-15s , a parent said something but we ended up winning 7-1 and i scored four , so it does n't matter . ' i 've not experienced it ( racism ) like other players but it is still out there , we all know that . ' lukaku is everton 's top scorer this season with 18 goals . most have come playing as a lone front man but he said he likes having someone alongside him and is hoping to strike up a partnership with arouna kone , who has managed just one goal in 21 starts over almost two injury-ravaged seasons . lukaku signs autographs for fans ahead of a barclays premier league match at goodison park . ' there were some games where i used to play down the sides , it did n't work out for me , ' lukaku told the liverpool echo . ' in all the games when i 've played as a striker i have scored goals so when the manager switched over with two strikers with arouna , that was heaven for me because i could do whatever i wanted because there was somebody next to me who had a work ethic the same as me . it was very pleasing . ' the manager knew that if i had that type of distraction next to me on the pitch then i would be much more free to score and create goals . ' now , when you play with somebody next to you , you always know you are in a one v one situation . ' 