denmark 's crown princess mary might have wowed in a succession of evening gowns last week but sunday was all about low-key family time for the australian-born royal . mary , 43 , treated her three youngest children , princess isabella , seven , and twins princess josephine and prince vincent , four , to a day out at a farm in kirke hyllinge , a village in zealand . making the most of the sunny weather , the quartet certainly appeared to be having fun , with all four crouching down to pet a tiny holstein friesian calf . scroll down for video . enjoying the sunshine : denmark 's crown princess mary and her daughters isabella and josephine . despite the potential for getting dirty , mary was as fashionable as ever and appeared to have taken inspiration from the rural location in her tweed jacket and jeans . the three children , meanwhile , were well-wrapped up in cosy padded jackets and appeared fascinated by the cows grazing in one of the barns , with prince vincent even climbing a fence to get a better look . but not everyone fancied a day out at the farm , with mary left without her husband crown prince frederik , 46 , and eldest son prince christian , nine , for the outing . the visit , which was part of denmark 's annual eco day celebrations , came days after royals from around europe descended on copenhagen for queen margrethe ii 's 75th birthday celebrations . having a cuddle : the family met the calf during a visit to a farm in the village of kirke hyllinge . going green : the moment came during eco day , an annual event in denmark . now my turn : mary 's youngest son , prince vincent , four , approaches the calf for a cuddle . slow down ! mary holds tight to prince vincent after the active four-year-old scaled a fence for a better look . kicking off with a glitzy gala dinner last wednesday night , festivities continued with a balcony appearance and parade through the danish capital the following day . mary , who wowed in a striking lilac gown embellished with silver beadwork on the first night , was seated beside her mother-in-law during the procession up shopping street strøget . she also appeared on the balcony of the amalienborg palace alongside her husband and children and was there once again for the celebration 's climax - a spectacular party at christiansborg castle . although she had stiff competition from the equally glamorous crown princess victoria of sweden , 37 , and norway 's crown princess mette-marit , 41 , the australian-born royal ensured all eyes were on her courtesy of a shimmering silver gown . still climbing : prince vincent watches the action from his perch half way up a gate . country skills : the princess and her children also tried their hand at milking , albeit not on a real cow . no photos ! princess josephine pulls a face at photographers , watched by her mother . surrounded : the family inspects the herd of holstein friesian dairy cows kept at the farm .