britain 's public schools are now the very image of tradition but behind their establishment image lies a history of rebellion and revolution . the hidden story of some of the country’s most prestigious and best-known public schools -including eton – is one of barricades and mutinies so fierce they nearly proved the institutions’ undoing . a new book by former education journalist david turner , the old boys , lays bare the little-known history . scroll down for video . eton 's famous wall game : the new book was inspired by david cameron 's comparison to flashman in tom brown 's school days . winchester college experienced six full-scale rebellion in the 18th and 19th centuries - one over beer rations . years of research in the schools’ archives has shed light on tales of master’s held at sword-point , mass walkouts and battles so intense they required the intervention of a militia , the daily telegraph reported . there are even records of one gunpowder plot . mr turner was inspired to write the book after hearing david cameron , a former eton college student , compared to the fictional bully flashman from tom brown’s school days . a student at winchester practices fencing : students used swords , axes and gunpowder in their rebellions . eddie redmayne ( left ) and benedict cumberbatch ( right ) both attended public school , which mr turner says is now entering its golden age . turner writes that he wanted to discover whether or not public schools had plumbed the depths described in the thomas hughes novels . after making his discoveries he said if they have not improved , britain is in serious trouble . from the 18th century onwards there were a series of full-scale rebellions at the country’s public schools the new book reveals . the frequent violence and the outmoded classics-based education at the schools nearly undid them . turner explains it was predominantly the rise of the pushy parent at the end of 19th century which brought the institutions to heel . now , he says , they do more good than harm in the modern era . george orwell ( left ) and ropert walpole ( right ) , the first british prime minister , are often cited as famous examples of the success of the public school system . walpole attended eton during the time of unrest . eton college as it is now : mr turner says in the modern era the schools do more good than harm . in fact turner’s book places the golden age of the public school not in the distant past , as might be expected , but in the present day , the financial times reports . the old boys , mr turner says , shows the private school system’s ability to adapt and evolve throughout the ages with public school educated celebrities now in the ascendance . over a third of the uk’s gold medal winners attended fee-paying schools and eddie remayne and benedict cumberbatch of eton and harrow went head to head this year at the oscars . the current prime minister and future king : both david cameron and prince william went to eton college . a number of modern days figures are name checked in the book including mumford and sons from king’s college with david cameron providing inspiration for the text . however some individuals ' lesser known for their private school background such as ukip party leader nigel farage , who attended dulwhich college , also pop up . the old stalwarts of public school achievement also feature – the country’s first prime minister robert walpole and the seven public schoolboys in his cabinet as well as greorge orwell , who also attended eton . the old boys is now available to buy . malborough college 's 1851 rebellion coincided with guy fawkes night and began with an explosion . at winchester in 1710 , scholars at mutinied over their beer rations . just before the turn of the century , two decades earlier , students at manchester grammar school were supplied by local people with firearms and and food as they embarked upon a violent two-week standoff with their teachers . the disagreement began over the length of the christmas holidays . in 1797 pupils at rugby school took staff prisoner at sword-point and a local militia had to be raised to end the insurrection . in 1818 during the ‘ great rebellion’ at winchester the school’s overall head was held hostage by boys armed with axes . in 1851 a mutiny was timed at malborough college to coincide with guy fawkes night . it began with an explosion from a barrel of gunpowder . over the period eton and winchester both suffered six rebellions each with five at rugby school .  