convict : small time drug dealer rudy guede , 29 , is currently serving a 16-year sentence for the murder . the only person convicted for the murder of british student meredith kercher has declared that he will seek a retrial , following the sensational exoneration of amanda knox . small time drug dealer rudy guede , 29 , is serving a 16-year sentence for the murder in perugia , italy . the ivory coast national 's dna was found all over the bedroom where miss kercher was found half-naked , her throat slit in 2007 , in the cottage she shared with knox . knox and ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for the murder , which prosecutors claimed was a sex game gone wrong , before being conclusively cleared last month by italy 's highest court . the supreme court 's ruling throws a new lifeline to guede , who was convicted by the same court of being an accomplice to a murder ' committed in the company of others ' . lawyers for guede are likely to argue that the two sentences are incompatible , forcing a revision of his conviction . speaking from prison in viterbo , where he is described as ' a model prisoner ' guede claimed that his conviction is rendered ' impossible ' by the exoneration of knox and ex boyfriend sollecito . he said : ' look at me : i committed the impossible crime . how can i be the accomplice in a murder without any accomplices ? ' guede who is now halfway through his sentence said : ' i want a retrial . ' he said his lawyers are waiting for the reasoning behind the innocent sentence of the supreme court , to be published which will be within 90 days of the knox verdict . ' i am convinced that we will find elements to overturn the verdict , ' he said . cleared : amanda knox and her ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito served four years for meredith kercher 's murder before being conclusively cleared by italy 's highest court last month . tragic : meredith kercher was found half-naked with her throat slit in the cottage she shared with knox . already the overturning of knox and sollecito 's guilty sentences has left the kercher family ' shocked ' and with many unanswered questions . if guede too were absolved , on a judicial technicality , it would leave no one paying for their daughter 's murder . the italian justice system is currently being overhauled because of its cost , contradictions and inefficiency . it has a backlog of around nine million legal cases . the supreme court , which hears 80,000 appeals a year , 100 times more than comparable countries , upholds only a fraction of convictions . the state were forced to pay €84million in compensation for miscarriages of justice and legal delays in 2011 . raffaele sollecito ( centre ) speaks during a press conference in rome flanked by his lawyers giulia bongiorno ( left ) and luca maori after being acquitted of murdering british student meredith kercher last month . amanda knox vowed to return to italy just two days after being cleared of murdering british student meredith kercher . she is pictured ( left ) speaking after last month 's decision and ( right ) after her initial acquittal in 2011 . guede , who lives on a wing for violent sex offenders said that knox and sollecito had been ' fortunate ' . but he told la repubblica newspaper that the granting of their appeals had given him fresh hope . he said : ' destiny has been less kind to me but i will not lament . today i have a new reason to go on . ' the 29-year-old , who came to italy from agou in cote-d'ivoire aged 7 , has almost finished a degree in history from rome tre university . once freed he wants to find a job in italy and move forward . ' i want to prove to everyone that i am not a monster and forget my past . ' he said his only mistake was to opt for a fast track trial . he said : ' here in italy the fast track trial is seen as an admission of guilt . but i thought i would be able to prove my innocence straight away . ' guede is eligible for day release this year .