arsene wenger has challenged his squad to put any dreams of a late charge for the barclays premier league to bed and focus instead on the cold reality of winning at burnley on saturday . arsenal head to turf moor in search of what would be an eighth straight league victory , following on from last weekend 's 4-1 triumph over liverpool . despite their superb run , which has seen confidence grow after some 15 wins in the last 17 through all competitions , the title remains chelsea 's to lose , as the leaders currently hold a seven-point advantage and also a match in hand . nacho monreal , theo walcott , hector bellerin and olivier giroud appear in good spirits during training . mesut ozil shares a joke with monreal at arsenal 's training hq while alexis sanchez has his shorts rolled up . santi cazorla is set to make his 100th premier league appearance while abou diaby is back from injury . while some gunners fans may have allowed themselves a little bit of fantasy football results over the run-in , which will see chelsea come to the emirates stadium on april 26 and also play both manchester united and liverpool , wenger remains very much focused on the job in hand . ' i have enough experience to know that i have to live with reality and reality is points and the next game , ' he said . ' the dreams are for everybody - we all have dreams at night , but when i wake up in the morning i have to come here and make sure we give everything to win the next game . ' wenger continued : ' chelsea have a difficult schedule , we have a difficult schedule , but what we can only do is master our own schedule . ' what we want is to go as high as we can until the end of the season , give our best and we are also in the semi-final of the fa cup . ' so we are at an important moment of the premier league season and it is a period where you show your quality by focusing on the next game and maintain the quality . ' of course we want to continue to progress and improve - we can learn from victory as well and everything was not perfect in our last game . ' mathieu flamini , ozil and sanchez are pictured at arsenal 's london colney base on friday . laurent koscielny is put through his paces on friday as he bids to return to full fitness . jack wilshere has n't played since november but is in line to feature at burnley on saturday evening . arsenal 's injury problems look to have finally eased , with midfielders mikel arteta , jack wilshere and abou diaby all having stepped up their rehabilitation from injury , along with full-back mathieu debuchy . england international alex oxlade-chamberlain , though , continues to be hampered by an inflamed groin , while centre-half laurent koscielny will face a fitness test on his thigh problem ahead of saturday 's match . burnley continue to scrap at the other end of the table , currently second bottom , but only two points from safety . with manchester city having gone down 1-0 at turf moor last month and tottenham then held to a goalless draw , wenger is not taking the trip to lancashire lightly . he said : ' you should n't look at the table because they started slowly , but recently they have played very well against all the big teams in the league and are quite efficient at home . ' you have to be at their level of physical performance , because they will be there . ' on the rest , you want to produce the quality of performance that is expected from us on the technical side , but you have first to fight with them physically , that 's for sure . ' we have to make sure we produce the expected performance on the commitment , on the focus and on the quality of our game . '