together they wrote a string of chart-topping hits for some of the world 's biggest stars and created the memorable theme tune of australian television soap neighbours . tony hatch and jackie trent , who were married for more than three decades , were dubbed ' mr and mrs music ' after composing for artists including frank sinatra , dean martin , scott walker , shirley bassey and petula clark . so when trent died last month aged 74 after a long battle with cancer , hatch was expected to be at her funeral to say a final goodbye . true , their marriage had ended in divorce , but they had a daughter together and one of the most successful creative unions in showbusiness . but the mail on sunday can reveal that hatch was banned from the funeral by trent 's second husband , colin gregory , who today accuses the composer of breaking his wife 's heart . scroll down for video . tony hatch ( left ) and his former wife jackie trent ( right ) wrote a chart-topping hits for the world 's biggest stars but he was banned from her funeral last month . he says that not only did she never forgive hatch for the infidelity that ended their marriage , but she believed to her dying day that he had denied her the credit she was due for some of their compositions . although they were responsible for about 400 songs together , they had been mired in a long-running feud over seven that trent claimed she co-wrote . after years of pressure , says gregory , hatch agreed to acknowledge trent 's part and her name now appears against some of the songs on the tony hatch website . but on other songs , hatch is the only composer credited . gregory told the mail on sunday : ' yes , i banned hatch from attending jackie 's cremation . ' the 71-year-old former policeman , who married trent in 2005 , said : ' it might seem petty and churlish of me because , whatever anybody says , hatch and trent are welded at the hip for all the wonderful work they did together . ' i would never contest that . jackie never contested that . but her firm words to me were , `` i hate him for what he did to me and for what he 's still doing to me . '' ' i could n't and would n't contact tony hatch myself . it would be inappropriate because we 're in litigation . ' instead , he passed the message to trent 's son from her first marriage , darren , who hatch had adopted when they married . gregory said : ' darren rang , giving it the smooth patter of , `` oh , they had such a lovely warm life together '' , which they did not . and when he said he wanted to invite hatch to the cremation , i said quite firmly , `` no . if he turns up , i shall call the police . '' ' suffice it to say that jackie would not want tony hatch anywhere near her final moments on this earth . he and his wife were specifically banned from attending her funeral , or anything in connection with it . ' jackie always told me , `` no service – just you . '' ' the cremation was held on the spanish island of menorca , where trent lived with gregory . it is also home to hatch and his wife . hatch , 75 , clearly got the message , writing on his facebook page on the day of the funeral : ' today was final departure day for her soul but i was banned by her husband colin gregory from attending the crematorium . ' gregory now plans to bring trent 's ashes home to britain for a memorial service in may at her local parish church in chesterton , staffordshire . much of trent 's wealth , he said , had recently been eroded – not least by the legal battle with her former husband over the songs , which gregory claimed has cost about £20,000 . it 's a far cry from 1965 when hatch and trent met and fell in love . hatch was already married and the couple embarked on an affair before marrying the next year and going on to become one of the most successful teams in music , earning millions of pounds . but if hatch , the son of a pianist , who grew up in pinner , north west london , and trent , the daughter of a miner from newcastle-under-lyme , made a fortune , they seemed to have trouble holding on to it . the couple moved to ireland at one point because of its tax benefits for artists . hatch wrote the theme tune to crossroads and is still remembered by many as the ' mr nasty ' judge on 1970s tv talent show new faces . in 1982 , the pair moved to australia and were later asked to write the theme song for neighbours . their marriage ended abruptly and abrasively back in britain at trent 's 55th birthday party in 1995 , when hatch confessed that for years he had been in love with one of his wife 's friends . trent was devastated . gregory plans to persevere with trent 's legal battle over the disputed songs : ' not for financial gain – jackie was getting her share [ of songwriting royalties ] – but because it was her dying wish that he finally admitted she co-wrote those songs . ' hatch declined to comment .