it 's official , darling – the stars of hit bbc show absolutely fabulous are set to reunite for a film . jennifer saunders , who wrote and starred in the series , confirmed yesterday the cast will begin filming in the autumn . she revealed that joanna lumley , who plays patsy in the comedy ( pictured with saunders ) had told her to ‘ do it before we die’ and she was spurred on to finish the script by a £10,000 bet with dawn french . jennifer saunders ( left ) and joanna lumley ( right ) are set to reunite for a film of absolutely fabulous . the film will be based in london , with some scenes in the south of france , or in the bahamas if the budget allows . saunders , 56 , who plays immature edina , told itv’s loose women that she had been ' nervous ' about writing the film script . she said : ‘ i think that’s why i didn’t do it for a while . i thought , wouldn’t it be awful if it was awful but now we’re all so old , joanna said to me “ do it before we die ! ” we’re all on the brink . ’ when pushed for details about the film’s plot , she said : ‘ there is a plot and that’s the miracle ! ‘ it involves all the main characters and virtually everyone that’s ever been in the series , all those characters , and we’re in london and sometimes we might go to the south of france , i’m hoping . 'i’m waiting for the budget ! it could be anywhere – if it’s a big budget it will be the bahamas ! ’ the film will be based in london , with some scenes in the south of france , or in the bahamas if the budget allows . jennifer saunders plays edina monsoon while lumley plays patsy stone . miss saunders said she was hurried along to finish to script because of a bet with dawn french , 57 . she said : ‘ dawn bet me on live radio a year and a half ago , that if i didn’t write it that year , i’d have to pay her £10,000 , which was a good kind of motivator and i just got it in on time . new years eve i gave it to her . ’ the award-winning comedy is set in the world of fashion and pr . jennifer saunders plays immature and fun-loving mother edina monsoon and julia sawalha stars as her sensible daughter saffron .