attorneys representing more than 8,000 women who were secretly recorded during pelvic exams by a gynecologist at johns hopkins will receive $ 32 million in legal fees from a $ 190million settlement . the sum , will be divided among patients of dr. nikita levy , a gynecologist who secretly filmed and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams at a hopkins-affiliated clinic . the attorneys had originally asked for a 35 percent settlement fee , however the ruling by a baltimore judge means they will only receive 17.25 per cent . dr. nikita levy was fired from john hopkins health system in february 2013 after it was discovered he had surreptitiously videotaped and photographed thousands of women during gynecological exams . in his order the judge praised the attorneys for achieving ' extraordinary results , ' and called the settlement ' unprecedented . ' jonathan schochor , the suit 's lead attorney , says he and the other attorneys wo n't challenge the judge 's order . dr. levy was fired in february 2013 , days after a co-worker alerted hospital authorities about her suspicions and he was forced to turn over the camera . he committed suicide ten days later . investigators discovered roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of servers in his home . the settlement is one of the largest settlements on record in the u.s. involving sexual misconduct by a physician , and all but closes a case that never produced criminal charges but threatened the reputation of one of the world 's leading medical institutions . lawyers said thousands of women were traumatized , even though their faces were not visible in the images and it could not be established with certainty which patients were recorded or how many . he committed suicide ten days later . investigators discovered roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on a series of servers in his home . hospital authorities called baltimore police just before levy 's firing . police and federal investigators said they found no evidence he shared the material with others . levy , 54 , graduated from the weill cornell medical college in manhattan , and completed his internship and residency at kings county hospital center . he began working at hopkins in 1988 . when the allegations came to light , he was working at hopkins east baltimore medical center , a community practice affiliated with johns hopkins hospital . during his 25-year tenure , he saw roughly 12,600 patients . jonathan schochor , the suit 's lead attorney , says he and the other attorneys wo n't challenge the judge 's order . 