a professor testifying in a cold-case trial in southern california said thursday that she was intimidated into identifying her rapist to the man now charged with killing him in 1995 . norma esparza , who pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter in the case and agreed to testify , said from the stand that her ex-boyfriend , gianni van , now 45 , was outraged when he heard about the assault and demanded that she find and point out gonzalo ramirez at the bar where she met him . van is now charged with the murder of ramirez . prosecutors allege van and friends kidnapped and beat ramirez and left him by the roadside . ' i was intimidated ' : norma esparza , pictured here during a press conference in 2013 , testified thursday at the murder trial of ex-boyfriend , gianni van , 45 , who is charged with killing a man in 1995 she claims raped her . she says van intimidated her into identifying the murder victim , gonzalo ramirez . accused : gianni van , 45 , ( left ) is accused of the 1995 murder of gonzalo ramirez ( right ) , whose blindfolded , bloodied body was found on the side of an irvine , california road having suffered 30 blows with a cleaver . ' we were sitting around a booth next to an entrance or exit , and at some point i see gonzalo ramirez walk by , ' esparza said of the night in 1995 , according to the orange county register . ' when i see him , i cringe , ' she said , showing how she reacted by bending her head down and putting her face in her hands . ' i did n't want to see him again . ' esparza , testifying in the trial 's second day , said she was ' broken ' by the assault , that van was directing his anger not just at her attacker but at her , and that she did not know what van and his friends would do once she pointed out ramirez . ' he would just insult me , ' she said . ' he would rant and just be explosive . ' revenge ? prosecutors say van killed ramirez as revenge for raping his on-and-off girlfriend norma esparza ( pictured ) . they divorced and esparza went on to become a psychology professor in europe and the mother of a little girl ( left ) . esparza is pictured right upon her arrest while re-entering the u.s. in 2012 . van 's lawyer , jeremy dolnick , said his client had no role in the murder and knew nothing of any plans to kidnap or kill ramirez . the case has drawn international attention since esparza — who went on to become a psychology professor and moved to france — was arrested in 2012 , provoking an outcry from advocates for sexual assault victims who say the case sends a chilling message to rape survivors . esparza , 40 , is expected to receive a six-year sentence in exchange for testifying at the trials of van and another defendant . during opening statements this week , senior deputy district attorney mike murray showed graphic photos of ramirez 's blindfolded , mangled body lying on the side of the road in a pool of blood . ' gonzalo ramirez was targeted , and he was targeted by somebody who was going to make sure he suffered , ' murray said . ' whether norma esparza was sexually assaulted or not , for our purposes today , does n't matter . what matters is she told the defendant that . involved ? the prosecution alleges van was aided by his friend kody tran ( center ) and tran 's wife diane tran ( right ) as well as tran 's employee shannon gries ( left ) . kody tran killed himself during an unrelated standoff with police in 2013 . diane tran has taken a plea deal and will testify against van . shannon gries awaits trial on murder charges . prosecutors say ramirez was taken to the transmission shop of his friend kody tran , where he was blindfolded , chained up and beaten . they say he was found having suffered 30 blows from a meat cleaver , reports the orange county register . the prosecution alleges van was aided by tran and tran 's wife diane tran as well as tran 's employee shannon gries . his body was found dumped on the side of a road in irvine . ' it was beyond horrific , ' murray said . ' it was the act of an incredibly angry man ... the defendant was out of his mind with anger . ' ' he felt that he had been violated , ' murray said of van .