david cameron will say that high taxes are ' immoral ' as 14 million working households receive a tax cut . david cameron will say today that high taxes and wasteful government spending are ‘immoral’ as millions receive a tax cut . as 14million working households – more than nine in ten – are given an average boost of £200 a year to their incomes , the prime minister will set out the conservative case for people keeping more of their own money – because they ‘ know best’ how it should be spent . and he will make a bold argument for continued lower taxes , with less spent on ‘bureaucracy’ and ‘ crackpot government schemes’ . ‘ there is no such thing as public money , there is only taxpayers’ money , ’ he will say . ‘ and we believe it’s people – not politicians – who know best how to spend their own money . and that’s what today is all about . ’ he will add that it is ‘ wrong – frankly immoral – for government to spend money like it grows on trees’ . among the raft of changes coming into effect today , on what mr cameron will dub ‘ money back monday’ , are : other measures to encourage saving will also begin , with the isa limit increasing to £15,240 and the 10p savings tax band abolished . treasury analysis shows the changes will benefit 14million working households to the tune of £17 a month . and nearly million pensioner households – more than nine in ten – will benefit by £15 a month . middle income households earning around £23,000 a year will benefit the most , and the top ten per cent of earners the least . today will also see the abolition of the old pensions annuities , allowing retirement money to be accessed like a current account . mr cameron will say the changes make britain a ‘ better and fairer place to live’ , adding that low taxes ‘ go to the heart of what i believe as a conservative . ‘ for me , there’s the economic case : that , in a competitive world , we need to incentivise work by making it pay . ‘there’s the progressive case : that the best way to help with living standards is to let people keep more of the money they earn . ‘ but above all , there is the moral case : that it is wrong – frankly immoral – for government to spend money like it grows on trees . ’ he will also pledge to eliminate the deficit ‘ without reaching into working people’s pockets like labour would’ . however , in a speech in yorkshire , shadow chancellor ed balls will point to figures from the institute for fiscal studies showing families are £1,100 a year worse off over the past five years as a result of government tax and spending changes . and he will warn that the conservatives will raise vat . mr balls will say : ‘ david cameron and george osborne are going round the country telling people they’ve never had it so good . how out of touch can they get ? ‘ the truth is millions are worse off because of this government’s choices . ‘ and while millions are paying more , millionaires are paying less . two years ago today they gave the top one per cent of earners in our country a £3billion a year tax cut . ’ shadow chancellor ed balls will point to figures from the institute for fiscal studies showing families are £1,100 a year worse off over the past five years as a result of government tax and spending changes . the lib dems said that the changes to income tax had been part of their manifesto and said labour would cost 24million taxpayers £340 a year . deputy prime minister nick clegg will say today : ‘ in government , we secured a tax cut totalling £825 every year for millions of ordinary working people . we now plan to take this further , raising the [ tax-free personal allowance ] threshold to £12,500 and giving millions of people a further tax cut worth nearly £400 . ’ 