england removed both west indies openers after choosing to bowl first in a rain-shortened opening session of the second test in grenada but the under-pressure visitors has a major stroke of fortune . after james anderson castled kraigg brathwaite with a venomous in-swinger in the third over , chris jordan had devon smith caught behind . smith should still be there , however , after replays clearly showed the ball had missed his outside edge as he thrust forward outside off stump . replays show devon smith clearly misses the ball before being dismissed caught behind off chris jordan . smith declines his choice to review the decision with hotspot not available in this test series . with hotspot technology not available in this test as part of the decision review system , smith declined to try his luck upstairs and walked off . that left the hosts 36 for two at lunch , with 15 overs gone . play was delayed by an hour and 45 minutes after persistent morning showers , with 11 overs lost in the day . despite having sent down 130 overs in the fourth innings of the drawn first test , captain alastair cook pressed his bowlers back into action , persuaded by humid conditions and a touch of dampness in the pitch . anderson , who overtook sir ian botham to become the country 's leading test wicket-taker in antigua last week , made an early down payment on that decision . jordan celebrates his first wicket of this match , devon smith , as the west indies went to lunch 36 for two . smith is given out as england players celebrate their second wicket of a rain-shortened first session . he clattered brathwaite 's leg stump having forced the batsman off balance with some prodigious movement through the air . the opener had already seen one edge fall short of the slips off anderson , who was challenging the bat more readily than stuart broad . broad 's opening five overs cost just eight runs but he largely pitched too short to cause concern . anderson was close to a second when darren bravo , defending on the back foot , sent a thick edge in the direction of third slip . kraigg brathwaite is first to fall as james anderson bowls the west indies opener with a massive in-swinger . ben stokes races to celebrate with anderson after the opening bowler makes the breakthrough . ben stokes fell quickly to his right but the ball grounded just in front of him . jordan saw a tough chance shelled at leg-slip by gary ballance , stationed there at ian bell 's behest , but smith ( 15 ) did not take his luck . he is the first grenadian to play test cricket on the island but fell in ignominious fashion , following a wide ball that should have been left with the interval imminent . the confusion over whether or not he had edged it - and why he did not send the decision upstairs - merely added intrigue to a careless exit . the last over before lunch went to moeen ali , fit again and recalled in place of james tredwell . 