authorities say a second boy has died after his family 's car plunged into los angeles harbor , killing his 13-year-old brother . the family had left a waterfront restaurant thursday night when their sedan ran off the road alongside a working dock at the port of los angeles , landing upside down in about 30 feet of water . the boy 's parents swam to the surface , but the children were stuck in vehicle . they were n't breathing when rescuers brought them up . the teen died at the hospital several hours later . coroner investigator joseph cronin tells city news service that the eight-year-old boy died friday afternoon . scroll down for video . pulled from the water : a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday , and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition . both have now died . rescue attempt : the two children pulled from the submerged vehicle by firefighters were hospitalized in grave condition , authorities said . hero : firefighter miguel meza ( left ) who dove into the water in san pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the facebook of city councilman joe buscaino ( right ) . the car left a parking lot at the ports o ' call entertainment area of san pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at berth 73 of the port of los angeles . the car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor , where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of berth 73 , fire department spokesman brian humphrey said . ' they looked like they were doing about 30 mph and turned right off the wharf , right into the water , ' said fisherman ray prince , 33 . ' the car just sunk . ' the man came up first and swam quickly to a ladder out of the water , prince said . ' the poor lady was screaming hysterically . just screaming . i thought she was going to drown , ' he said . the adults were described as being in fair condition but ' clearly emotionally distraught ' . firefighter miguel meza , who dove into the water , has been hailed a hero on the facebook page of los angeles city councilman joe buscaino . ' firefighter miguel meza jumped into the water at berth 73 tonight in san pedro after a car with a family of four drove into the water . this man is a true hero in the city of angels and i am so proud of him ! , he said . sucessful search : divers emerge from the water as debris believed to be from the car floats to the surface where a car went off the berth and into the water . divers working in murky water searched the car and even opened the trunk , but they found no one else in it , humphrey said . the cause of the accident was under investigation . ' we do n't know at this time whether it was an accident or an intentional event , ' humphrey said . nearly 100 firefighters , divers and helicopter and boat crews went to the scene , humphrey said . abc reports that the event that led up the incident remain unknown . witnesses told police that they heard screeching tires before the car made the plunge . two dead : one of the children who fell into the la harbor died thursday , while a second was confirmed as dead on friday .