the family of tracey woodford ( above ) , whose body was found dismembered in a flat in pontypridd , wales , have described her as ' very kind-hearted ' and ' selfless ' . a man has been charged in connection with the murder of a woman who was found dismembered at a flat in south wales . christopher may , 50 , will appear at pontypridd magistrates ' court tomorrow charged in connection with the murder of tracey woodford , 47 . today , her family described her as ' very kind-hearted ' and ' selfless ' . ms woodford , from the pontypridd area , is believed to have been attacked in woodland in pontypridd on tuesday before being taken back to the property of a man she is thought to have left a town centre pub with , police said . the 47-year-old 's body was discovered with ' massive injuries ' at the flat around 3pm on friday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation . her family today paid tribute to ms woodford , who was last seen by them around 12.45pm on april 21 in rhydyfelin . they said : ' tracey was liked and loved by all of her family and friends . she was very kind-hearted and a selfless person who would go out of her way to help anyone . ' tracey was a gentle person who would not hurt anyone and she will be dearly missed by all who knew her . ' we are thankful for all the support we have received to date . ' they added that they would like everyone to respect their wishes for privacy and leave them alone to grieve . ms woodford was reported missing on wednesday and her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the skinny dog pub for around two hours that night . she is believed to have left the premises with him . a police spokesman said : ' police officers then visited the suspect 's address and , following a search of the property , discovered a body . the suspect was arrested on suspicion of murder . ' her body was discovered with ' massive injuries ' at the property ( above ) around 3pm on friday afternoon , prompting police to launch a murder investigation . an officer stands guard near a trailer covered with blue tarpaulin . detective superintendent paul hurley described the events surrounding ms woodford 's death as ' tragic ' . she was reported missing on wednesday and her body was discovered after police received information she was with a man at the skinny dog pub ( above ) for around two hours the night before . after discovering the body police cordoned off an area surrounding nearby pontypridd rugby club 's sardis road stadium and officers were seen searching the undergrowth . at least four south wales police vans and one helicopter took part in the operation . a spokesman for south wales police said officers were waiting for the results of further forensic tests to determine the cause of ms woodford 's death . ' officers investigating the incident are continuing their appeal for witnesses , ' the force spokesman said . ms woodford is around 5ft 7 inches tall with shoulder length ginger hair . she was wearing a black cardigan at the time she was last seen . detective superintendent paul hurley described the events surrounding ms woodford 's death as ' tragic ' . in a press conference he said : ' the events have had a profound effect on her family and the wider community , especially given the harrowing circumstances of her death . ' there are well established communities in the south wales valleys . i know those communities will rally around tracey’s family . ' police have cordoned off an area surrounding pontypridd rugby club , near to where the body was found . a 50-year-old man was arrested after police found the body at a property in pontypridd . above , an officer and a sniffer dog search nearby . he added that police want to speak to anybody who thinks they may have information that can help the investigation . they are particularly interested in those who noticed anything suspicious near andrews court , rickards street , or near the rugby ground . ' no matter how insignificant the information may seem , we would like people to contact us , ' he said . ' we have a team of detectives and the support of specialist resources working on this inquiry and while we understand it will alarm the community , this is an isolated incident and we do have somebody in custody . ' police are now appealing for anyone with information to come forward . above , an officer near the scene . neighbours at the flat complex are shocked at the latest updates . one said : ' it is just too shocking to think about . you dread to think about that poor woman and what she went through ' . neighbours at the flat complex are shocked at the latest updates . one said : ' it is just too shocking to think about . you dread to think about that poor woman and what she went through . ' another added : ' tracey had her problems over the years but she was loved by her family . no-one deserves to die like this . it doesn’t bear thinking about . ' reverend michael gable , a local vicar , also paid tribute . he said : ' it 's a tragic situation . the community will be upset and concerned by this news . we send our thoughts and prayers to those involved . ' anyone with information should contact the incident room by calling south wales police on 101 , quoting reference 140670 or crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .