they were widely regarded as the two best goalkeepers of their generation and their rivalry from on-the-pitch has continued into post retirement . manchester united legend peter schmeichel and his bayern munich counterpart oliver kahn have come face-to-face once more - this time as actors . in a move that is akin to former footballers vinnie jones and eric cantona , the pair showcase their performance skills by starring in tipico 's latest advert . oliver kahn ( left ) and peter schmeichel star in tiplico 's latest advert where they renew their rivalry . in a top trump style competition kahn lists his accolades including three world goalkeeper of the year titles . in retaliation , schmeichel quips that he was the best goalkeeper of all time in the advert . the former manchester united goalkeeper proves this with his reuters top trump card that says so . the pair have so many ' cards ' to play , they 're still playing them 50 years later . ' when we played against each other we wanted to win so in a way for 90 minutes we became enemies , ' 51-year-old schmeichel said behind the scenes of the filming . ' but this is very friendly we are working together a nice commmerical with tipico . our aim is to do the best . ' in the advert , the duo square off in a top trump style competition of their honours and accolades . with nothing to separate the two , the gag is that the pair have so many ' cards ' to play , they 're still playing them 50 years later . ' i 'm scared of myself ! i have to say it was very interesting to wear a mask it was easier to become an actor , ' 45-year-old kahn said after wearing a mask to make him look 50 years older . ' you can hide yourself behind the mask . ' and while the advert may be a memorable one , nothing will compare to the drama that unfolded between the two during united 's famous champions league final 2-1 win over bayern in 1999 . on playing against kahn , schmeichel admitted that the duo would became the best of enemies . bayern munich legend kahn revealed he did n't like the look of himself aged by an additional 50 years . schmeichel ( left ) was on the winning side as united beat bayern 2-1 in the 1999 champions league final .