travelling with a pet can be a stressful and expensive ordeal , but delta air lines have come up with a way to put passengers at ease when their pet is in the carrier below . the new pet gps system allows owners to track their furry friends ' journeys in real time , from monitoring the temperature below , to whether their cage is upright or askew . the first-of-its-kind technology was developed by sendum wireless corp. and is available for $ 50 per flight from 10 us airports . delta 's new pet gps , available for $ 50 per flight , allows owners to track their pets on a plane via a website . the move was no doubt aimed to make passengers feel safer about bringing their pets with them on flights , as delta air lines has a less than rosy history of pet fatalities on board . tragically between 2010 and 2013 , delta reported the greatest number of animal incidents and was held responsible for 41 of the 97 reported deaths that year . they maintain that the high numbers are due to the fact they carry a higher number of pets than competitors . the service is available from 10 us airlines including los angeles and atlanta . two months ago it was reported that delta failed to load a number of show dogs on a flight , and staff admitted they did not know where the prized pets were , when they were asked by customers . the dogs had been competing at the prestigious westminster dog show in new york and were headed for seattle . angry passengers disembarked and were given a free overnight stay at a hotel near jfk , a refund of their $ 200 dog fees , vip service at the airport and spots in the cabin for the dogs for the return flight to seattle . it is hoped the sendum wireless corp. technology , which has similar trackers for keeping tabs on alcohol and tobacco and to make sure seafood is kept cold , will give owners peace of mind during their travels . owners of pets at the westminster dog show in new york were told their pets were not on board their delta flight , and disembarked to go and find them . the pets were safely retrieved , but the airlines has had a number of animal related incidents in the past . 