german police are investigating whether a woman sickeningly claimed to be related to a victim of last month 's germanwings air disaster - so she could get free flights to southern france . the airline 's parent company lufthansa organised special flights for victims ' families after the march 24 crash in the french alps which killed all 150 people on board . the halterner zeitung newspaper - based in the town that lost 16 students and two teachers - said she flew to the region twice after falsely claiming to be one of the deceased teacher 's cousins . police are investigating the possible fraud and the alleged culprit will be questioned , a police spokesman in hoexter has said . scroll down for video . fraud : police in germany are investigating whether a woman lied about being related to a victim of the doomed germanwings flight ( pictured ) to get free flights to southern france . cruel : as lufthansa chief executive carsten spohr ( left ) and germanwings managing director thomas winkelmann ( right ) mourn , a german woman has been accused of using the disaster for her own gain . liar : the woman allegedly tried to pass herself of as a deceased teacher on the flight , meanwhile passengers have laid flowers for the victims of the plane crash at the airport in dusseldorf ( pictured ) . killer ? andreas lubitz may have spiked his captain 's coffee so he would be left alone on the aircraft 's flight deck , investigators have now said . memorial : the first picture of the doomed crew of the germanwings plane at germanwings hq in cologne has been revealed . and lufthansa says it is looking into what appears to be a ' regrettable isolated case ' but did not give further details . the airbus a320 went down in a remote region of the french alps en route to dusseldorf from barcelona . recordings from the flight data recorder suggest co-pilot andreas lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before ' deliberately ' crashing the jet . crash investigators are now examining a computer belonging to lubitz to determine whether he ' spiked ' his captain 's drink to force him into the toilet . the 27-year-old changed the aircraft 's altitude to just 100 feet using the autopilot - sending it on collision course with the alps . german prosecutors believe that lubitz may have added a chemical to captain patrick sodenheimer 's coffee to remove him from the flight deck . once captain sodenheimer closed the cockpit door , lubitz enabled special security features preventing the reinforced door from reopening . the safety systems were introduced following the 9/11 attacks although the designers did not consider a rogue pilot seeking to kill himself while taking his passengers and fellow crew with him . destruction : lubitz remained silent during the final eight minutes of the flight as it crashed into the alps . probe : investigators have been scouring lubitz 's computers to determine his state of mind before the tragedy . already it has emerged that lubitz used his computer to research methods of killing himself as well as information concerning the cockpit door locking mechanism . it is understood that european safety chiefs had concerns about germanwings ' safety procedures in the weeks before the crash . in november 2014 , the european commission contacted several airlines and ' had asked for clarification to make sure all airlines actively observe rules ' . following the crash , it emerged that lubtiz suffered from crippling depression although lufthansa , who own germanwings , did not pass on this information to aviation regulators . doomed : the germanwings airbus a320 crashed into a remote region of the french alps en route to dusseldorf from barcelona . investigators believe that lubitz , 27 , informed its flight school when he returned from a several-month break in pilot training in 2009 that he had experienced an episode of ' severe depression ' . lufthansa has said he subsequently passed all medical tests . the eu has detailed air safety regulations , which included rules on a pilot 's mental health , that member states need to take into account . easa regularly tests whether the 28 eu nations adhere to those standards . ' this is a normal and regular occurrence , ' said the official . 