multi-million pound yachts , private jets and exclusive bolt-holes are not only the preserve of the super rich . if you know where to look , how to shop and when to book you can save thousands of pounds on exclusive travel deals . from private islands and aston martins to castles and 75ft yachts , travelmail brings you an expert guide to holidaying like millionaire - no six-figure salary or coutts bank account necessary . scroll down for video . if you know where to look and when to book you can holiday like millionaire - no six-figure salary necessary . private jets . if you think chartering a private jet is only possible for the likes of beyonce , oligarchs and diplomats , you are in luck . jetsuite.com lets those with a far smaller bank balance book private jets for vastly reduced rates . look up the suitedeals section of their website , which has last minute group bookings where tickets within the us start at $ 536 ( £369 ) each way ( for the whole jet ) , or use their subscription service to be notified via text message if a route you are planning suddenly becomes available . the routes and times on offer are limited but , if you are flexible , it will more than pay off . between a group of travellers , the price works out at not much more than a commercial flight . for european or international flights , try privatefly 's empty legs option . ‘ empty legs’ are cut-price return trips made by private jets after dropping off someone who originally chartered the plane - but did n't need the journey back . instead of sending the jet back empty , the company lists it for up to 75 per cent off for joe normal blogs . if you fill it with eight of your friend it can work out cheaper than easyjet . current deals include london to new york on a legacy 650 , or luxembourg to singapore with a legacy 600 executive . for european or international flights , try privatefly 's ' empty legs ' option which will get you 75 per cent off . private islands and castles . websites such as airbnb , homeaway and vrbo have changed the way we holiday , and paved the way for exclusive rentals for next to nothing . stay in a castle in the lake district ( £95 per night ) , a stately home in wiltshire ( £150 per night ) and a private island in the philippines ( £234 per night - based on ten people staying in a two-storey house on the beach ) through airbnb . the company now spans an empire of more than 35,000 cities and 190 countries around the world . castle augill in the lake district , england was built in 1841 , sleeps 16 and can be rented for £95 per night . a dining room in augill castle in kirkby stephen . the property has 15 acres and can be rented via airbnb . james mcclure , airbnb uk country manager says , ‘ by opening up their homes and local experiences , hosts give guests insight that can easily rival any of the world 's top concierges . ' and with a wide range of choices across every style and size imaginable , we offer life-changing experiences that do n't have to break the bank . ’ ‘ you can enjoy unique travel experiences with prices starting from under £10 a night ... . you can stay in an apartment for a night , a castle for a week , a villa for a month or a treehouse for a year . ’ bradley house : you can rent rooms in the home of queen jane seymour 's descendants for £150 per night . rent-an-island : 2,000 sq m brother island in the philippines can be booked for £234 per night for ten people . mega yachts . getmyboat.com is the airbnb of the yacht world . browse 28,000 boats in 135 different countries that are affordable and able to rent by the day from their owners . if you have a boat you can also list it here to make money while you are not using it . search by country – popular locations are croatia , london , bahamas , barcelona or california - or vessel , and split the rental cost between a group of friends . fancy chartering a 75ft sunseeker predator ? it can be yours for £125 ( $ 187 ) per person per day . as well as luxury and mega yachts , there are speed boats , kayaks and house boat on offer . the inside of a sunseeker predator : one of the many yachts available to rent by the day through getmyboat . mark duncan from ypi says holiday goers can save thousands by travelling in may , june and september . mark duncan from yachting partners international ( ypi ) says holiday goers can also save thousands of pounds by booking super yachts either side of high season . ‘ you can save anything from 10,000 to 50,000 euros on the high season rate and , these days , with climate change , may , june and september often have better weather than the traditional july and august in the med . ’ choosing an older , smaller yacht is also wise . mark advises choosing a 25m to 30m yacht for 12 people to most efficiently spread the finances . ‘ [ it ] makes it no more expensive than a regular high end private resort hotel but with a whole lot more to experience and enjoy and all with your own professional captain , crew and chef . ’ jaguar f-type : myriad companies offer the use of a pristine , turbo-charged super car for the day . super cars . if you have a hot date or romantic weekend plans , a super car may be a worthwhile outlay . premiere velocity is one of myriad companies offering the use of a pristine , turbo-charged super car for the day or , sometimes , by the hour . rent a aston martin db9 from £423 a day , a jaguar f-type s 5.0 v8 for £295 or a porsche boxster s for as little as £175 a day . there’s also an online option to listen to a 10 second clip of the engine purring . an aston martin db9 can be booked from £423 a day and you can listen to the engine online before buying . handbags . you’ve booked the island , you’ve chartered the private jet - but what about your holiday wardrobe ? websites dedicated to borrowing designer handbags , dresses and clothing are soaring in popularity , so your suitcase can look the part too . ( left ) tara palmer-tomkinson arrives at an airport draped in louis vuitton luggage and ( right ) a chanel bag . try fashionhire.co.uk for a £2,000 chanel bag that you can carry about for £130 per month , or - to travel in style - invest in a classic louis vuitton giant holdall for £100 for five days from theborrowersclub.com . dress up in outfits by designers such as from lanvin , peter pilotto , ossie clark or christopher kane , for a fraction of their usual price at girlmeetsdress , dreamwardrobe or renttherunway . while you 'll have to give it back at the end of the day , for the right occasion it might be worth its weight in gold .