a chinese millionaire has splurged on a vast 217 hectare new zealand island which she refers to as her ' toy . ' the buyer , wendy wei mei wu , is reportedly yet to decide what she wants to do with slipper island , which is located 4 km off the coast of the new zealand 's north island . the 2.7 km long , 1.8 km wide landmass is a 15 minute ferry ride from north island . it boasts two airstrips and six houses , all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views . the nz $ 7.5 million ( aud $ 6.765 million ) sale has divided the family who own the island , with some of them claiming it represents ' the loss of the family 's legacy ' , reports stuff nz . slipper island , a 2.7 km long , 1.8 km wide landmass located 4 km off the coast of the new zealand 's north island , has been purchased for aud $ 6.75 million . the 217 hectare island was purchased by former property developer wendy wei mei wu . ms wu lists her occupation online as ' housewife , ' but she is otherwise shrouded in mystery and was referred to by nz herald as ' publicity shy . ' a former property developer , ms wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year , the $ nz 15 million fairholm mansion in the affluent auckland suburb of remuera . her daughter vivienne zhuo has assisted with negotiations for the purchase , and said her mother ' just loves the island ' and ' it 's a toy for her , ' though they 're undecided on future plans for the island . daily mail australia has contacted ms zhuo , but she declined to comment on future plans for the island . the 2.7 km long , 1.8 km wide landmass boasts two airstrips and six houses , all with nearby beaches and sweeping ocean views . her daughter vivienne zhuo has assisted with negotiations for the purchase , and said her mother ' just loves the island ' and ' it 's a toy for her , ' though they 're undecided on future plans for the island . the island is currently used by day-trippers and school camp users , and the cabins can be rented from between $ 250- $ 750 a night . the sale has divided the needham family who own the island , with some of them claiming it represents ' the loss of the family 's legacy ' . slipper island is currently used by day-trippers and school camp users , and the cabins can be rented from between $ 250- $ 750 a night . it has been owned by the needham family for 45 years . there are 13 siblings in the family , many of whom are shareholders in the island . while the islands biggest shareholder-liz needham- is in favour of the sale , it was reported that other shareholders , who chose not to be named , were devastated to be losing ' the family legacy ' where some of family members ashes lay . it 's believed the sale has also saddened local maori tribes , who are concerned about the conservation of several historic sites on the island . ms wu made headlines in 2010 for making the biggest private home sale of the year , the $ nz 15 million fairholm mansion in the affluent auckland suburb of remuera ( pictured ) . the six bedroom , 4,036sq metre property came with an indoor pool , tennis court , and stunning harbour views . 