andy lee will be onto a winner no matter what happens on saturday night . the 30-year-old arrived in new york on a crest of a wave , a newly crowned world champion eager to lap up the first defence of the title he won so superbly before christmas . and his future took the most unexpected of twists on friday night after american peter quillin , the undefeated former wbo middleweight champion , failed to make required 160 lbs weight ensuring the battle at the barclays center will have no title on the line . andy lee ( left ) lines up with ( l-r ) danny garcia , lamont peterson and his opponent peter quillin in new york . lee 's bout on saturday will no longer be a title fight after quillin failed to make the 160lb weight . lee was hoping to make his first defence of the wbo middleweight title he won against matt korobov last year . lee works out with trainer adam booth at the barclays centre ahead of his showdown with quillin . quillin says he has faced struggles his whole life and that this fight will just be the latest in a long line . quillin , who had been out for a year , initially hit the scales at 161.9 and despite a quick run and hope session on the treadmill saw him register 160.6 , it was not enough . naturally , the irishman still wants to impress , especially with the event screened live on us tv to an expected audience of millions . yet when the bells goes , he knows nothing can destroy his own title dream . ' he came back onto the scales and in the end it was just too much for him to lose , ' said trainer adam booth . ' you can lose three pounds in a short space of time but it did n't happen . andy still has to go out and do a job . ' i think he knew he was n't going to make the weight but he still tried . he lost 0.8 of a pound knowing that he was n't going to make it . he tried his arse off . ' he could n't make it . that 's not our problem . all andy can do is his job . and his job is to make weight professionally . to be fit , strong and ready for everything that can happen in this fight – and he is . ' ' i am still happy that i can fight andy but it is disappointing , ' added a dejected quillin who had not fought for a year after vacating his belt to tend to his dying uncle , a factor which clearly worked against him when aiming to reach the desired fighting weight . ' i did n't want to let down any of my fans or family who wanted me to get my title back . this wo n't effect my confidence . nothing will break me and i will always stay in the eye of the storm . ' the irishman took his world title chance by beating korobov for the wbo middleweight title . the 30-year-old admits he may have retired from boxing had he not beaten john jackson in june last year . lee celebrates his world title win in december . providing lee comes through unscathed , london 's billy joe saunders is the mandatory challenger - while a lucrative fight against puerto rico legend miguel cotto is also a potential option . it was two hours of unexpected drama but no matter – it simply means lee has even longer to bask in the spotlight . what a difference 10 months makes . last summer 30 year-old irishman was struggling to get a shot at the big time . the end of his career was lurching into view . trainer booth sat the man from limerick down and laid it on the line . if john jackson was n't beaten , and beaten well , it could have been time to call it a day . not only was jackson superbly put to the sword , he then went on to scoop the big one . a brilliant flurry of right hands in las vegas before christmas sent the previously unbeaten matt korobov crashing and the new wbo middleweight champion of the world was crowned . it was just desserts for an underrated fighter who chiseled his inner grit , strength and dynamism on the mean streets of detroit under the legendary guidance of emanuel steward in his famous kronk gym . on saturday comes the chance to take another huge bite out of the big apple and back up promoter lou di bella 's claims that the irish warrior is a superstar in the making . quillin , who boasts a record of 31-0 with 22 ko 's says his 12 months out of competitive action have seen him adopt a new found freshness and desire which should ensure one hell of a tussle at what should be a rocking barclays center in brooklyn . there is a permanent glint in his eye . lee , though , is ready . ' kid chocalate ' quillin ( left ) , pictured with gabriel rosado , has not been beaten in 31 professional fights . lee 's next fight could be a lucrative contest against legendary puerto rican miguel cotto ( right ) . ' i have lived and fought in the us for years so this holds absolutely no fears for me . some fighters from the uk may look at coming to the states and be thinking what a big platform it is and that could weigh on their mind , ' he said . ' i do n't have those problems . detroit was a tough school to learn my trade . the gym was a ' kill or be killed atmosphere . ' there was no regard for reputation and you had to prove yourself every day . ' i have fought in tough gyms before but this was the toughest . it 's not just about the technical aspects , people there are trying to knock your head off . ' i was the king of the gym but it has helped me become the fighter i am . there would be young lads ready to have a go but i took it all . competition like that breeds success . ' i am sure he has trained well but activity is an important thing for a fighter and could be a factor . i am not banking on him being rusty but when you are fighting and making weight regularly , everything comes more naturally . being as active as i have been is an advantage for me . ' if it had n't gone to plan against jackson we would have had to make some tough decisions . boxing is a hard game and it 's tough way to make a living . i am so proud to be an irishman from limerick defending my title in new york city . ' it does n't get much better than this . ' trainer booth ( right ) has been holed up with lee in monte carlo ahead of the big fight on saturday . holing up with booth in monte carlo has got lee in tune for the biggest night of his life . ' looking back , did i think it was going to happen for him ? no , ' admitted the man who helped david haye become world champion . ' i knew he would be able to win a title but it 's whether or not that opportunity would have ever come up . ' the pressure of him achieving something has been lifted and he 's expressing himself like never before . it 's a joy to watch .