these eerie photographs show the inside of an abandoned 19th century victorian asylum which has lay dormant for 20 years . opened in 1818 , the asylum once housed nearly 1,000 patients and expands over 350 metres in length overlooking the town of stafford in the west midlands . it closed in 1995 but is now set to have new life breathed into it after planning permission was granted to build 102 apartments in its place . shattered doors , overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the grade ii listed st george 's county asylum where patients were restrained by means of ' the leather muff , ' ' iron handcuffs ' and ' restraint chair ' . there are also reports of prevalent dysentery and syphilis . scroll down for video . a mysterious past : the history of this 19th century asylum in the west midlands saw patients being restrained by means of ' the leather muff , ' ' iron handcuffs ' and ' restraint chair ' . st george 's county asylum first opened in 1818 and once housed nearly 1,000 patients . run down : shattered doors , overturned bathtubs and crumbling floors dominate the grade ii listed st george 's county asylum in stafford . empty room : the asylum was initially large enough for 120 patients but between 1879 and 1884 two extra wings were added . this included workshops and bakeries bringing capacity to just under 1,000 . the hospital shut its doors in 1995 and 145 long-term patients were re-located . derelict : an overturned bath tub as it was abandoned ( left ) . dysentery and syphilis were said to have been commonplace at the now run down asylum ( as pictured in 1940 right ) where suicide cages were erected in the stairwells after a female patient threw herself off the fourth floor . suicide cages were erected in the stairwells after a female patient threw herself off the fourth floor and landed near the reception . it now lies in a terrible state , but building work is under way to transform the site into new homes . property developer shropshire homes is beginning work on demolishing parts of the asylum beyond repair as part of a project to revamp the structure into 102 apartments . the apartments , the first of which are due to be occupied by early next year , will be priced between just under £100,000 and up to £300,000 for what company director howard thorne described as the ' penthouse apartments ' . he said the parts of the asylum being demolished were ' structurally unsound ' and that it was impossible for them to be preserved . st george 's county asylum , which was renamed st george’s hospital in 1937 , was built at a time when pauper asylums were being constructed nationwide . it was designed by joseph potter in the style of a georgian mansion at a cost of £35,000 . it was initially large enough to hold 120 patients but between 1879 and 1884 two extra wings were added . this included workshops and bakeries bringing capacity to just under 1,000 . the lauded james wilkes who was medical superintendent of the asylum from 1841 - 1855 said this about conditions before he arrived at his post . ' previous to the year 1841 , mechanical restraints were part of the system of treatment habitually employed . in need of a makeover : the asylum is now set to be transformed into 102 apartments . parts of the building will have to be demolished as they are beyond repair but the main structure is to be converted into the apartments . the project is planned for completion by early 2017 . beyond repair : director of property developer shropshire homes , howard thorne , said parts of the asylum being demolished were ' structurally unsound ' and that it was impossible for them to be preserved . going back in time : st george 's county asylum , which was renamed st george’s hospital in 1937 , was built at a time when pauper asylums were being constructed nationwide . here it is pictured how it looked in 1940 . a glimpse into the past : broken windows dominate the 197-year-old asylum , which is now due to be turned into apartments . the first of these are due to be occupied by early next year , according to property developer shropshire homes . an eerie exterior : the imposing asylum looms over a site in stafford in the west midlands . it will soon undergo a major makeover project . back in the day : taken in 1992 , this picture show what the asylum looked like before falling into disrepair . it closed three years later in 1995 . ' the means of restraint employed were the leather muff and wrist straps , iron handcuffs , long leather sleeves , hobbles for the legs , the restraint chair and various other devices . ' many of them were employed day and night . in addition many of the patients were confined to their beds by means of straps passing through iron loops . ' the evil of this system was perpetuated by high windows protected by iron guards and strongly guarded fireplaces which gave a gloomy prison like aspect to the interior of the building . ' above all it was evident that the system adopted had a natural and inevitable tendency to demoralise if not to brutalize the attendants . ' the hospital shut its doors in 1995 and 145 long-term patients who still lived at the asylum were re-located into the surrounding community .  the means of restraint employed were the leather muff and wrist straps , iron handcuffs , long leather sleeves , hobbles for the legs , the restraint chair and various other devices , according to james wilkes who was medical superintendent of the asylum from 1841-1855 . an entrance to history : the grade ii listed building as it can be seen today . it was first opened at the beginning of the 19th century . falling apart : inside the abandoned st george 's county asylum which is structurally unsafe in parts of the building . time for change : property developer shropshire homes is beginning work on demolishing parts of the asylum beyond repair as part of a project to revamp the structure into 102 apartments . having a look around : the derelict nature of the asylum is clear from many of the rooms inside the 19th century structure . a new lease of life : the apartments , the first of which are due to be occupied by early next year , will be priced between just under £100,000 and up to £300,000 for what company director howard thorne described as the ' penthouse apartments ' . in a state of disrepair : a look at a set of steps that lead inside the victorian structure which has changed a great deal over the years . 