as part of its commitment to diversity and inclusion , microsoft has launched a recruitment drive for people with autism . the pilot scheme will begin by recruiting 10 people with autism or asperger syndrome to be based at the firm 's redmond offices in washington . if successful , the scheme could extend to more vacancies worldwide . the pilot scheme will recruit 10 people with autism who will be based in microsoft 's redmond offices in washington ( pictured ) . microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialists at specialisterne . the plans were announced by mary ellen smith , corporate vice president or worldwide operations . microsoft is running the scheme with support from specialisterne and the announcement was made on the company 's official blog by mary ellen smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations . ms smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called shawn . she wrote : ' at microsoft , we believe that diversity enriches our performance , our products and services , the communities where we live and work , and the lives of our employees . ' we have been committed to enabling people with disabilities to be successful for a long time [ and ] this week we announced another exciting effort , a new pilot program with specialisterne , focused on hiring people with autism for full-time , redmond-based microsoft positions . 'it’s early days but we’re excited to get going and we know we’ll learn a lot along the way . ' autism is a neurological disorder that affects how a person communicates , and relates to , other people . it can also affect how they make sense of the world around them . people with autism typically have trouble communicating , looking people in the eye , and can get upset by loud noises or bright lights . they may also have a sensitivity to touch , tastes , smells and colours . in particular , many autistic people like order and predictability . autism is a spectrum condition , which means that while all people with autism share certain difficulties , their condition affects them in different ways . some people with autism , for example , are able to live relatively independent lives but others may have accompanying learning disabilities and need specialist support . asperger syndrome is a form of autism and people with the syndrome are often of average or above average intelligence . they have fewer problems with speech but may still have difficulties with understanding and processing language . specialisterne is based in denmark and the uk and specialises in recruiting people with autism across varies industries . autism is a neurological disorder that affects how a person communicates , and relates to , other people . it can also affect how they make sense of the world around them . people with autism typically have trouble communicating , looking people in the eye , and can get upset by loud noises or bright lights . autism is a spectrum condition , which means that while all people with autism share certain difficulties , their condition affects them in different ways . some people with autism , for example , are able to live relatively independent lives but others may have accompanying learning disabilities and need specialist support . asperger syndrome is a form of autism and people with the syndrome are often of average or above average intelligence . they have fewer problems with speech but may still have difficulties with understanding and processing language . in the uk , charity papworth trust is similarly working to improve employment prospects for people with autism , as well as other disablities . its work programme helps people with disabilities write cvs , prepare for interviews and find suitable roles . and people can complete work-based training or qualifications at the centre to help them learn new skills , get work experience and find a job . ' like any employee , each disabled person is a great asset when they 're given chance to develop skills , ' said the cambridgeshire charity . ms smith has a 19-year-old autistic son called shawn . she wrote : ' at microsoft , we believe that diversity enriches our performance , our products and services , the communities where we live and work , and the lives of our employees . it’s early days but we’re excited to get going and we know we’ll learn a lot along the way . ' technology industries are said to be suited to people with autism because of how they respond to gadgets and software . at a young age , for example , experts are finding that simple , carefully constructed apps are enabling affected children to feel safe and communicate more readily because the software is more predictable and ordered than human interaction . rhiannan walton , 32 , from west london has been a speech and language therapist for eight years . she began using technology in her therapy sessions with autistic children approximately 18 months ago . ‘ technology responds in the same way every time ; you press a button and it responds how you expect it to , ' walton told mailonline . ' this particularly appeals to autistic children who can become scared and confused by unpredictability . ' while vicki clarke , owner and president of dynamic therapy associates in georgia added : ' people are messy and computers are neat . ' for our friends with autism , this consistency is easy to understand and comforting . '