an egyptian court has sentenced a popular armenian belly dancer to six months in prison for ' insulting the egyptian flag ' after she wore a tight dress in its red , white and black color scheme . the court in agouza , west of cairo , said sofinar gourian , popularly known as ' safinaz ' , was fined £15,000 after being found guilty in a case raised by a private complainant . she is expected to avoid jail time , however , after paying £10,000 bail and launching an appeal against the six month prison sentence . offending dress : an egyptian court has sentenced popular armenian belly dancer ' safinaz ' to six months in prison for ' insulting the egyptian flag ' after she wore a tight dress in its red , white and black color scheme . insulting the flag was made illegal by decree under egyptian president adly mansour who ruled for a year after the army overthrew an elected but divisive islamist president in 2013 . the change in law made it a crime to raise , display or sell an egyptian flag if it is damaged in any way , or even if the colour has faded . the law also prohibits adding slogans , designs or pictures to the egyptian flag . ms gourian is understood to have worn a costume made from the material taken from an egyptian flag during a belly dancing performance in the town of ain sokhna in 2013 . the belly dancer , who lives in egypt , had argued that she did not insult the flag intentionally and as a foreigner was less aware of egyptian laws . harsh laws : insulting the egyptian flag was made illegal by decree under president adly mansour who ruled for a year after the army overthrew an elected but divisive islamist president in 2013 . the complaint against her was filed by a businesswoman and hotel owner in mohandeseen who found the performance insulting , according to ahram online . although she has been convicted of the crime , her £10,000 bail allows her to remain free until her appeal has been heard . ms gourian has lived and worked in egypt for the past two years , where her act has proven to be an immediate success . the armenian native has already appeared in several egyptian movies , performed at society weddings and is married to an egyptian national . ms gourian has previously told reporters she hopes to spend the rest of her life in the country .