with britons downing a caffeine-shake-inducing average of 70 million cups of coffee per day , pret has revealed a secret that the nation may want take note of - how to get a free cup . clive schlee , chief executive of the coffee giant , revealed he has given his staff the power to hand out a coffee on the house to people they like or fancy . ' the staff have to give away a certain number of hot drinks and food every week , ' mr schlee said . scroll down for video . femail writer deni kirkova travelled to four different pret a manger shops in london to find out what it takes to get a free coffee from staff . here she is after failing to secure a freebie at their gloucester road store . ' they will decide `` i like the person on the bicycle '' or `` i like the guy in that tie '' or `` i fancy that girl or that boy . '' so , do the staff at pret ever take advantage of their enabled good will ? and what does it take to secure a free morning caffeine hit ? femail decided to find out . deni kirkova , 24 , paid a visit to six different prets across london . on three of the visits , she wore no make-up , her glasses and a casual outfit consisting of jeans and a plain top . before paying a visit to the next three coffee shops , she amped up the glamour by removing her glasses , applying a full face of make-up and donning a little red dress with a fair share of cleavage and leg on show . deni then returned to high street kensington to find out whether she could bag a free coffee in her glam getup - and went into the south kensington branch twice to find out if the result would differ depending on whether it was a man or woman serving . here 's how deni - who did n't tell the staff she was a journalist until after she had been handed her drink - got on ... deni , dressed ' plainly ' , fails to get a free coffee at pret in high street kensington ( l ) and notting hill gate . deni paid a visit to pret 's high street kensington , notting hill gate and queensway outlets , where she tried three different approaches : nonchalant , sad and friendly . dressed in her casual attire , she popped into high street kensington 's pret just as she normally would : making little effort but still being polite . she left with a coffee - and a dent in her purse . at notting hill gate 's shop , she decided to put her acting skills to good use . she said : ' it was a fellow female who served me , she was really glamorous herself and i just figured that flirting was out of the question here . ' so , i went for the `` sad '' approach . i told her how bad my day had been and asked her how she was but while she smiled a lot , she still charged me . feeling annoyed , i paid and left . ' at the queensway shop , deni was feeling lucky . makeup-free deni kirkova gets a free hot chocolate from friendly barista , dean , at pret a manger , queensway . she said : ' as soon as i walked in , i had a feeling i would get a free coffee . i just felt more confident and the barista guy looked cool . it was n't busy so i thought it could work . ' i smiled but did n't try hard and asked how he was . it worked as he called me sweetie ! ' i asked for a small hot chocolate and did n't get my purse out . he handed it to me and said `` happy st george 's day ; do n't worry about it '' . ' deni then revealed that she was a journalist on a mission and asked him to divulge the reason why he gave her a free coffee - and how other people can get one , too . deni fails to get a free coffee at pret a manger , gloucester road . deni returns to south kensington and manages to bag a free cookie . ' the main reason i give out free things - and i have no quota and give out around 300 a month - is when someone is nice , ' he explained . ' i am not impressed by the ladies who come in and flirt , batting their eyelids and twirling their hair , nor those who are grumpy and take it out on the staff . ' deni then swapped her casual clothes for her ' glamorous ' look and headed to gloucester road , where she had to pay for a hot chocolate from a female barista . the same thing happened at south kensington on her first visit . she decided to try her luck again , this time making sure she got served by a male barista , who gave her a free cookie because of her ' beautiful smile ' . deni asks xaxa to recommend a cake - and in the end she decides on a cookie . deni with xaxa , who gave her a free cookie at pret a manger , south kensington . she managed to wangle a free mocha in victoria station 's pret from a chap named nacer , who wanted to ' make her day ' . finally , to round off the day , she went back to high street kensington to try get a freebie dressed a bit more glamorous - but was made to pay for her espresso . the verdict ? deni said : ' the glam outfit got me more freebies but i do n't think it 's all about that . ' as dean said , he 's not interested in giving out freebies to girls who come in batting their eyelashes and twirling their hair nor those who come in in a bad mood and take it out on him . ' so do n't try to flirt a freebie off a barista or try to make them feel sorry for you - it 's all about radiating happiness , a wide smile , and spreading the joy . ' although as the experiment shows - a little red dress wo n't hurt ... ! ' deni kirkova gets a free mocha from barista nacer at pret a manger , victoria . deni tries pret a manger , high street kensington , once more - this time in the red dress - and still nothing . in response to femail 's undercover work , a spokesperson for pret said : ' the giveaways are something we’ve been doing for a number of years , and have never been a secret . ' we often get feedback from customers about how our shop teams have really brightened up their day , just through one small gesture of giving them a treat on the house . ' there aren’t any rules , it’s about random acts of kindness . team members tell us they often give away treats to their regulars and customers they think are in need of cheering up . it’s our way of empowering our team members and giving something back to our loyal customers , and we get great feedback from both . ' on tuesday pret 's chief executive revealed that employees are able to give freebies to customers they like . 