ringside tickets for the upcoming fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquaio are fetching upwards of $ 130,000 online after official outlets sold out within minutes on thursday night . due to the high pay-per-view price of the fight ( $ 89.99 - $ 99.99 ) , its anticipated thousands of fight fans might try to watch the bout for free via a live video streaming app like periscope or meerkat . if that were to happen , broadcasters showtime and hbo could miss out on millions as viewers illegally stream the content between their devices without paying to watch the richest fight in history . scroll down for video . floyd mayweather ( left ) and manny pacquiao ( right ) will fight on saturday , may 2 , in las vegas , nevada . the mgm grand marquee was lit up with the pair of boxers ahead of their highly-anticipated fight on may 2 . broadcasters could miss out on millions if viewers illegally stream the bout via apps like periscope ( pictured ) . launched by twitter , periscope allows users to broadcast a live stream to their social media followers . the video is then available to replay for up to 24 hours and can also be saved to the user 's phone . the app was recently used by many to watch the season five premiere of hbo 's game of thrones . ' we are aware of periscope and have sent takedown notices , ' an hbo spokeswoman said in a statement . ' in general , we feel developers should have tools which proactively prevent mass copyright infringement from occurring on their apps and not be solely reliant upon notifications . ' when the two decorated fighters square off on may 2 , the wbo , wba and wbc titles will all be on the line . one lucky english fan managed to snare a ticket to the fight for $ 7,924 and tweeted his booking confirmation . periscope allows users to stream live video from their phones to their twitter accounts with the click of a button . the live streams can be filmed on iphones and ipads and watched through smartphones , desktops or laptops either through the app or on twitter 's site . periscope saves the video streams once you are finished , so that they can be viewed for up to 24 hours - while rival meerkat 's live video disappears once you choose the broadcast to end . existing twitter users can download the app via the app store for free before being offered the option of subscribing to their followers ' periscope broadcasts . click here to read periscope 's terms of service . around 500 tickets to the may 2 welterweight unification clash went on sale to the general public through mgmgrand.com and ticketmaster.com with prices beginning at $ 1,500 and ranging up to $ 7,500 . the majority of seats in the 16,500-seater mgm grand were already allocated to the hotel , mayweather promotions and top rank , the group that promotes pacquiao . five price categories were offered at face value but by friday morning prices were varying from $ 5,900 to $ 130,000 on secondary sales sites like stubhub . prospective buyers were limited to four tickets per person . the mgm grand 's website experienced issues minutes before the 8pm start time due to high traffic . the may 2 bout is one of the most anticipated in boxing history with the wbo , wba and wbc titles all on the line . there were fears the fight was under threat due to a stand-off over ticketing but the dispute came to an end on wednesday evening when the contracts between the hotel and the promotional companies representing mayweather and pacquiao were signed . overall revenue from ticket sales is expected to scale $ 76million , breaking the previous record by three times and elevating the size and location of the rival camps ' allocations at the mgm grand 's garden arena into a key area of negotiation . further money will be raised from closed-circuit broadcasts of the fight at mgm properties , with up to 50,000 tickets being made available at $ 150 apiece . overall revenue from ticket sales is expected to scale $ 76million , breaking the previous record by three times . prices for fight tickets were varying from $ 5,900 to $ 130,000 on secondary sales sites like stubhub on friday . pacquiao has n't shown knockout power lately and many expect that judges ' scorecards will settle the fight .