a teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $ 80,000 by tuesday night in order to pay for his life-saving surgery . jackson byrnes from northern new south wales was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . the 18-year-old and his family then took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation . after seven days of desperate campaigning through facebook and the crowd funding page gofundme , the casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with $ 47,000 being raised . a teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $ 80,000 by tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery . after a week of campaigning online , the casino teenager is over halfway to his goal with two days to go . according to the gold coast bulletin , mr byrnes ' girlfriend , jahnae jackson , noticed he had developed a limp a mere three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an mri . he was rushed to the gold coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager 's brain . mr byrnes was told they would not operate due to how deep the cancer was , but instead suggested chemotherapy and radiation treatment . knowing that this was not enough , mr byrnes and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure . they found neurosurgeon charlie teo who would operate on wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $ 80,000 by tuesday evening . the family then turned to social media and crowd sourcing in a desperate plea for donations . ' most boys his age begin their journey into adulthood with hopes , dreams and anticipation of what lies ahead and excitement of the endless opportunities of what life will bring them , ' mr byrne 's fundraising page on gofundme reads . messages of support and promotion of the cause have flooded social media for the casino teenager . the donations have more than doubled since yesterday with over $ 47,000 being donated to gofundme . ' # savejackon has reached past the half way mark at $ 40,255 with two days to go , ' a supporter posted on twitter . in seven days , over $ 47,000 has been raised by 956 people and the link has been shared nearly 1000 times . ' it is not a time to be enduring a fight for your life . ' in seven days , over $ 47,000 has been raised by 956 people and the link has been shared nearly 1000 times . victorian finance , leasing and risk management company morris finance have made the largest donation to the cause by pledging $ 2000 . rooftech australia , summerland credit union and alstonville quality meats have also donated generous sums for mr byrnes . messages of support have also flooded social media for the casino teenager . ' thoughts and prayers going out to you jackson , stay strong , ' wrote one well wisher on the fundraising page . ' hoping for the best possible outcome for you ! hugs from our family to yours ! ' wrote another . the twitter hashtag # savejackson has also been circulating through the casino and lismore area .  