after a weekend when special goals were the norm in the premier league , it 's not an easy task to pick the best of the bunch . from jermain defoe 's match-winning volley in the tyne-wear derby on sunday , to charlie adam 's audacious long-range effort against chelsea on saturday evening , there 's plenty to choose from . here , sportsmail 's jamie redknapp picks his top five goals of the weekend and explains why they 've made his list . 5 . alexis sanchez ( arsenal ) vs liverpool . i ca n't believe i have to make this goal no 5 in my list . it just shows the calibre of the goals scored this weekend . the chilean took a brilliant first touch before spinning to lash it home and cap a fine arsenal move — and a breathless first half . arsenal forward alexis sanchez puts the gunners 3-0 up against liverpool at the emirates on saturday . the chilean runs off to celebrate after beating simon mignolet from outside the liverpool area . click here to see how sportsmail rated the weekend 's premier league goals . 4 . bobby zamora ( qpr ) vs west brom . this was a beautiful , controlled finish from bobby with the outside of his foot ( right ) . he showed incredible awareness to see the chance was on but was even quicker to sort out his feet and lift it over boaz myhill . like defoe 's , it was a hugely important goal for his team and part of a superb performance . qpr 's bobby zamora ( left ) gets in front of joleon lescott to score his side 's third goal against west brom . charlie austin congratulates his strike partner on his goal during qpr 's 4-1 victory at the hawthorns . 3 . wayne rooney ( manchester united ) vs aston villa . any other week and this would be being talked about in the same breath as wayne 's overhead kick against city . to flick it up with one foot , pivot and then hit it with your other is as difficult a skill as you could wish to see , but he made it look effortless . wayne rooney swivels to blast a right-footed shot into the top corner of aston villa 's net on saturday . the man united captain 's effort flies past nathan baker ( left ) and fabian delph on its way towards goal . 2 . jermain defoe ( sunderland ) vs newcastle united . to hit that kind of volley on your wrong foot shows unbelievable technique . when the ball drops like that it 's so hard to put the power in but keep control . and the fact it was a vital derby winner is why i put it ahead of wayne rooney 's . sunderland striker jermain defoe ( left ) smashes a volley into the top corner against newcastle on sunday . defoe celebrates his stunning goal which earned the black cats a valuable three points on sunday . 1 . charlie adam ( stoke ) vs chelsea . the best long-range strike i 've ever seen . he hit the ball so hard and from so far out — it was an incredible goal . he showed fantastic vision and imagination to pull it off and he left thibaut courtois in a heap . it was a pleasure , too , to be able to cover it live on saturday night football on sky . stoke midfielder charlie adam lines up an audacious shot from 66 yards against chelsea at stamford bridge . chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois watches as the ball goes over his head and into the back of the net . adam gets a hug from glenn whelan ( left ) and stephen ireland after making it 1-1 against the league leaders . 