the title race might be all but over but the fight for survival is only just beginning . at the end of march , leicester were bottom of the table with 19 points , seven off safety . win on saturday and they will be out of the relegation zone . for nigel pearson and his men , their season starts now . when you’re facing relegation you are supposed to be dispirited and lacking in confidence . so how on earth have leicester won three on the bounce ? only arsenal ( 8 ) and chelsea ( 4 ) can better that as a winning streak . leicester players are full of confidence after three successive victories in the premier league . it has been a superhuman effort and they have fought to get themselves in a position where they have something to play for . leicester were bottom on christmas day but win at burnley and they will give themselves a real chance of staying up — something only two sides have managed after being bottom at christmas . it’s not just leicester , though . the other promoted clubs — qpr and burnley — have shown fantastic spirit . i have been in relegation battles and seen teams with less fight in them than these three . qpr earned a fantastic win at west brom , were unlucky to draw at aston villa and battled manfully against chelsea . burnley might be on a poor run but you know sean dyche’s side will battle until the bitter end . so how does a manager create a positive attitude when things look so bad ? what you can’t afford to do is let players sit and study the fixtures and start looking at how many points they need . if they are too busy working out the permutations , they’re not concentrating on their game . leicester face a crunch clash with fellow relegation battlers burnley on saturday . if a player is not being pushed it’s easy for them to shift responsibility and hope somebody else gets them over the line . the best thing to do is keep them busy . if you’re working hard on the training ground looking at team shape , developing players and preparing for games , you are making much better use of your time . i’ve been in that situation as a player and the worst thing you can do is to wrap them in cotton wool . there is a tendency to try to protect people in case things go wrong . training eases up because of injury fears and managers try to keep their players fresh . leicester manager nigel pearson has managed to create a positive attitude in his squad . but that leaves you sitting around with your thoughts and that can be dangerous . there needs to be mental stimulation — you can’t sit around and wallow in self-pity . at this stage of the season a week can be a long time between games . pearson and his players will be absolutely buzzing in training and it’s important to take that energy and intensity into games . it annoys me when managers say it’s all about results . the only way to win is to make sure that your performance is right and that comes from hard work during the week . pearson has worked hard to make sure leicester’s destiny is in their own hands . their form has struck fear into other teams . leicester striker leonardo ulloa celebrates scoring in the 2-0 victory against swansea . the three promoted sides look brave enough to go out and play , but sunderland and hull look paralysed by fear . steve bruce thinks hull’s home form will keep them up but a look at the fixtures shows it won’t be that easy . leicester , qpr and burnley have all given their home fans reason to cheer with their efforts and the thrill of the chase means everything is applauded . contrast that with the toxic feeling at the stadium of light . leicester have taken a long time to wake up but they have rekindled the atmosphere they had when they beat manchester united . and with four of their last six games at home , they need to keep that up . if they can , and the level of their performance continues to harness the positivity of that home crowd , don’t bet against them making the great escape . fans still believe that leicester can still avoid the drop from the premier league . 