dusan bako , who flew into a rage and punched his pregnant girlfriend repeatedly in the stomach , causing her to lose their unborn baby . a teenage rapper has been jailed after punching his heavily pregnant 16-year-old girlfriend in the stomach causing her to lose their unborn baby . dusan bako , 18 , flew into a rage after he tried to call the teenager 's phone only to discover it was switched off . during a confrontation near a park in oldham , greater manchester , bako put his arm around the back of the girl 's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach . one horrified witness who saw the attack said bako hit the girl ' like a boxer ' before she was taken to hospital where she later miscarried their child . bako , from oldham , was initially charged with child destruction but ahead of his trial , pleaded guilty to an alternative charge of causing grievous bodily harm with intent after a plea bargaining deal . prosecutors at manchester crown court said bako had a ' flashpoint of rage ' and punched her in the stomach knowing she was pregnant . the court heard the girl who can not be named told how being with bako was ‘ like being tortured ' and in the run up to the attack in august last year she was living in fear of him and his demands that he wanted the baby ' for his family . ' mark kellet prosecuting said : ' they had met on facebook and started dating . she describes that they were very much in love , and the pregnancy was planned because they were so in love . ' she moved in with dusan and his parents and there was , she says , significant animosity between their respective parents . while living with dusan , she missed her parents and this caused friction within the relationship and she deiced to return home . ' in the arguments that followed she describes the defendant as physically and verbally abusive and she turned-off her phone because she says the defendant had made threats towards her . he sent a text message to her father asking him to tell her to turn-on her telephone , which she did . ' he then asked her to come outside and speak to him . she says that she was reluctant because he had previously made threats about punching her in the stomach . when she told him that she did not wish to go outside to speak to him , he became threatening , saying that he would come into the house and cause trouble . ' when she left the house , her mother could see the defendant dragging her by her sweatshirt , so she and her husband followed . her mother shouted : “ why are you dragging her like this , she’s pregnant . ” bako put his arm around the back of the girl 's neck and with the other clenched his fist and repeatedly punched the victim in the stomach . ' once they had entered a park , the defendant grabbed the girl around the neck and punched her in the stomach , a forceful and deliberate blow targeting her stomach area . she immediately doubled up in pain . ' eye witness carol hulme , who was walking her dog said in a statement : ' as the male ran in and grabbed the young female , he stopped suddenly and put his arm around the back of her neck . ' with the other arm he clenched his fist , swung his arm back and punched the female in the stomach . as soon as he punched her , he swung his arm back again and repeated the punch in the same area whilst still grabbing her around the neck . ' he hit her like a boxer would hit his opponent . it seemed more of a targeted strike . she could n't move , the way he had hold of her . i’ve never seen anyone hit someone like that so low down . ' it would have been between her stomach and her private area . the best was to describe the direction of the punch is like an uppercut , the fist down striking upwards . i am still thinking how strange it is that she was hit that low . ' bako fled the scene as the girl let out an ' ungodly scream . ’ she was taken to hospital where the baby’s heartbeat began to slow . the girl was given a scan and watched the monitor screen as the baby died . she describes being in great pain . mr kellet added : ' this was caused as a result of the injury to the girl caused by the punch . in essence , the punch to the stomach caused a placental haemorrhage and abruption . bako was jailed for fours years , eight months at manchester crown court , pictured , after admitting causing grievous bodily harm with intent . ' the foetus became starved of oxygen and died . ' bako later surrendered to police and told officers the punch was accidental . he said : ' i took her to the park , her mum was shouting at me and then came up behind me and tried to slap me . ' i tried to hit her to defend myself , but i caught her in the stomach by mistake . i never intended to hit her or hurt the baby . ” in mitigation , defence counsel peter warne said : ' we are not dealing with a mature 18 year old . this was a complete instant loss of self-control and an ‘ emotional reaction to a situation that confronted him . he wishes to write a letter of apology . ' he is remorseful . he wants to do what he can to make amends even if only writing a letter to explain how sorry he is . iit is not easy for someone of his age and immaturity to face up to what he has done and be brave enough to enter the plea he did for a very serious offence . ' jailing him for four years , eight months , today judge robert atherton told bako : ' you delivered a serious blow to the lower stomach of your girlfriend who was pregnant with your child and as a result of that blow described as a boxer delivering an upper cut , the placenta of the child was ruptured which lead to starvation of oxygen , terminating the pregnancy . ' i can not begin to understand or appreciate her feelings at this loss or either your feelings at this loss . ' 