a mother-of-two who was abused by her own father throughout her childhood has spoken out after he was jailed for 22 years . mandy greenwood , 39 , from rochdale , greater manchester , said : ' my dad used to tell me he only did it because he loved me . i was more like his wife than his daughter . ' now he 's in jail the sense of freedom and relief is incredible . he can never hurt another child again . ' brave : mandy greenwood has spoken out about the father who abused her as a child . mandy carried the terrible secret around with her for more than 20 years – and it was only after she confided in her husband , dave , that she felt strong enough to seek help . she has waived her right to anonymity in the hope that other victims of abuse will come forward too . mandy 's abuse began at the age of seven , when her father , keith whitworth , now 61 , came into her bedroom and woke her up during the night . what began as touching became rape on an almost daily basis . mandy said : ' i would cry myself to sleep each night . there was nobody for me to confide in . i felt so alone and so sad . i was n't close to my mum at all . ' sometimes he would take me to the park – what seemed like a nice trip out – but he would abuse me then too . guilty : keith whitworth has been jailed for 22 years for a catalogue of abuse against three children . ' he would tell me : ' i 'm only doing this because i love you . ' ' in my child 's mind , i thought of myself as his wife rather than his daughter . ' as a child , mandy was given a choice at bedtime ; she could either go to bed early or take a beating with her father 's belt . she said : ' my siblings would go to bed but i would take the belt because i did n't want to go to bed . i was scared of going to bed . ' it was a no-win situation and it was only as an adult that i realised how twisted and cruel he was . ' new family : mandy escaped home life by getting pregnant with her daughter at 15 , and son four years later . in a desperate effort to escape her home life , mandy became pregnant . at 15 , she had a daughter , and four years later she had a son . she said : ' to me , sex was nothing special . it was a dirty , unpleasant thing . i wanted a baby because i needed my own family . ' when my daughter was born , i felt a surge of love and happiness that i had never experienced before . i left home and i was determined to be a good mum . it was my focus in life . ' mandy did not return home and the abuse stopped . but her father lived nearby and she saw him on a regular basis . she said : ' at first , i tried to keep a friendly relationship , for the sake of appearances . but he was very touchy-feely – always pushing the boundaries . ' the abuse was never mentioned . it was like the elephant in the room . it weighed me down , physically , all through my life . ' once , i plucked up courage to ask him why he did it , and he replied : `` i only did it because i loved you . '' realising she could no longer cope with him in her life , mandy stopped all contact . at the age of 20 , mandy met dave , a friend of her brother . despite being a single mother to two children already , she and dave hit it off immediately . mandy said : ' dave was like a breath of fresh air . he was a real giggle . ' fresh start : mandy met her husband dave at 20 . ' he was like a breath of fresh air , ' she said . as the couple grew closer , mandy decided to confide in someone about the abuse – for the first time in her life . she said : ' until then , i had bottled it up inside . i had n't told anyone . but i felt i could trust dave . i knew he was there for me . ' dave urged her to seek help . but mandy could not face telling the police . trust : mandy felt she could trust dave and , for the first time in her life , confided about the abuse she suffered . moving on : mandy had severed all contact with her father by the time she married dave and admits that she was never very close to her mother . she said : ' dave was very supportive . i had a lot of problems sexually – i would sometimes freeze when he touched me , and after sex i would have to have a bath . i felt dirty and upset . ' but dave was very patient and understanding . ' i tried to bury it all , and concentrate on my children . they brought me so much happiness . and dave was my rock . ' but i could not forget the abuse . it was there , at the front of my mind , each day . i kept hearing his voice , in flashbacks . ' two years ago , mandy finally plucked up courage to go to the police . in february 2013 , her father , keith whitworth - who committed a catalogue of sexual abuse against three children – was jailed . whitworth was found guilty of 23 historic child sex offences , including rape , attempted rape , buggery , indecent assault and indecency against a child . hoping to help : mandy , from greater manchester , has waived her right to anonymity in the hope that other victims of abuse will come forward too . at bolton crown court he was sentenced to 22 years and made subject to an indefinite sexual offences prevention order . detective constable lesley nolan-brennan , said : ' the detail of the shocking abuse suffered by the victims is quite frankly stomach-churning . ' over a prolonged period whitworth repeatedly abused three very young children . the consequences of his actions have been life-changing for them all . ' they have had to relive their ordeal in open court and i must commend their courage in doing so . ' i hope they feel a sense of justice now he has been sentenced . ' 