prisoner carlos boente ( pictured ) was jailed for five years after he was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle , harassment and a phone possession charge . a serving prisoner has been jailed for making a teenager 's life a misery by bombarding her with thousands of texts after he received her number from a cellmate . carlos boente , 33 , was serving time at hmp birmingham for similar harassment type offences when he began contacting the 19-year-old woman in november 2013 . after getting her number from a cellmate , the prisoner originally asked her to change his facebook password as a favour . he then bombarded the teen with thousands of texts and calls - telling her sob stories about his life saying he had no family and nobody visited him in prison . the victim continued to talk to boente , who she felt sorry for , but he suddenly started asking where she was and leaving threatening messages if she did n't reply . she eventually contacted police when he told her he had friends on the outside watching her and even sent her a picture of her front door . in january last year boente made numerous abusive calls to the woman - telling her she was going to die and making threats against her young child . incredibly , he even sent three men to the home of the woman 's aunt and uncle , before boasting on facebook the gang were his ' soldiers ' . boente , from birmingham , was charged with two counts of threats to kill , one count of harassment , one count of conspiracy to burgle and three counts of possessing a mobile phone while in prison in june last year . he denied all of the charges , except for two counts of possessing a mobile phone , but was found guilty of conspiracy to burgle , harassment and the remaining phone possession charge on april 1 . although he was cleared of the threats to kill charges he was last week jailed for five years at birmingham crown court . speaking after the hearing , detective constable vanessa lewis , from west midlands police , said : ' even when the victim was giving a statement to us about boente 's behaviour , we witnessed him constantly calling her , shouting down the phone and being abusive . ' despite knowing we were investigating him , boente showed no signs of stopping his disturbing conduct . ' on 24 march , shortly after we blocked his letters and landline contact from the prison , three men entered the home of the woman 's aunt and uncle looking for a safe . ' boente 's facebook status two days later , boasting that he sent his ' soldiers ' to the property indicated he was behind the burglary . boente was serving time at hmp birmingham ( pictured ) when he began contacting the woman . ' this is a highly unusual case which demonstrates boente 's ability to control , manipulate and harass young women . ' boente has a proven history of violence and at the time of these crimes , he was serving a prison sentence for similar harassment offences . ' it is clear that boente , who operated four facebook accounts through five different phones from behind bars , thinks he is above the law and unfortunately , does not see prison as a barrier to his bizarre behaviour . ' the woman concerned in this case and her family lived in fear for months . the stress caused by boente 's actions resulted in family members giving up their jobs and selling their homes , while the victim felt she had lost all control of her life . ' with this in mind , i would urge anyone who may be approached in the future by boente , either online or over the phone , to call us immediately - do not feel sorry for him and do not wait one moment to contact us . '