instead of enjoying a conventional honeymoon after his wedding on saturday andy murray will be heading to barcelona next week for a training block that has now taken on a much increased significance . for in the wake of amelie mauresmo 's announcement that she is pregnant , the world no 3 's trial with his prospective assistant coach jonas bjorkman has assumed a greater importance . mauresmo , who is to give birth some time in august , will be around eight months ' pregnant during wimbledon this summer , which is not finishing until july 12 due to the new three week gap between roland garros and the championships . andy murray celebrates taking a set against novak djokovic in the final of the miami open . the british no 1 is set to marry his long-term girlfriend kim sears in dunblane on saturday . therefore bjorkman is likely to have a key part to play as murray attempts to regain his title at sw19 – something which , given his improved form during the first part of the season and his prowess on grass , is well within his reach this year . beyond that the 43 year-old swede may also come into his own , as it is unclear how this will affect mauresmo 's 26 week per year commitment to the scot , which is almost exclusively spent on the road . she also has the part-time job of being captain of the french fed cup team , who are in action next weekend . mauresmo has never made any secret of the fact that the travel is the part of the job that least appeals to her , and that will inevitably become more complicated with a baby on board . already it must be very questionable whether she would be at the us open which begins at the end of the august , although there has been no comment on this from either her or murray , who has been up in scotland ahead of tying the knot with kim sears in dunblane . murray 's current coach amelie mauresmo has recently announced that she is expecting a baby . mauresmo , pictured at this year 's australian open , may have to alter her coaching schedule after the birth . it is understood that the 27 year-old scot has known about mauresmo ' s pregnancy for a number of weeks , but he was anyway planning on linking up with bjorkman – the former world singles no 4 and doubles no 1 – prior to that . as sportsmail reported as far back as nearly a year ago , the swede was on murray 's shortlist to replace ivan lendl before he settled on the former wimbledon women 's champion as part of a groundbreaking move . a personable and intelligent man still actively involved in the game , and as someone who made the absolute best of his natural ability , he was someone the scot identified as prime coaching material . murray has been planning to work with former world no 3 jonas bjorkman as an assistant coach . the swede , pictured winning wimbledon with todd woodbridge , is a former world no 1 doubles player . last week in miami murray reported that the two of them had recently spent two hours on the phone together , and he has not been able to join up before because he has been involved with sweden 's version of strictly come dancing . ' the time flew by , ' the british no 1 said of their highly satisfactory conversation . it would be a major surprise if they somehow did not get along , or if he did not fit in with others in the team , including mauresmo . just where this leaves the player and his 35 year-old head coach will be for the two of them to work out . the softly-spoken mauresmo is a very private person who prefers to keep a low profile on the tennis side of things , let alone on matters to do with her personal life . bjorkman could have a key part to play in murray 's quest to reclaim the wimbledon title he won in 2013 . she is known to have been accompanied by a girlfriend on trips with murray to australia and america this year , who stays in the background to the point where she has been near enough invisible . however pleased murray will be for his coach on a personal basis – and there is no question they have become very close – he might also feel that the last thing he needs is any further complication or upheaval within his support team . his form has been good this year after all the disruptions and departures of last season , and bjorkman appeared to be the last piece slotting into place . now the swede could find himself with a bigger role than was initially bargained for . 