payback : scammer rilwan oshodi has been told he must repay nearly £1million in fraudulent gains . a scammer who was the ringleader of a fraud gang has been ordered to repay nearly £1million which he stole from the life savings of an innocent victim . rilwan oshodi bought karen budow 's bank account details for just £3,200 and spent her savings on cheeseburgers , bottles of champagne and top-of-the-range computers . he now claims he is so broke he ca n't even pay his lawyers - but a judge told him today that if he does not return his ill-gotten gains he will have to spend four more years in prison . nigerian oshodi , 31 , bought ms budow 's santander details from an egyptian hacker tamer abdulhamid , who had persuaded her to hand them over as part of a fishing scam . his girlfriend annette jabeth then posed as the victim and withdrew her £1million life savings , which the gang spent in a three-day shopping splurge in the new year sales in january 2012 . detectives said that their purchases had ranged from cheeseburgers to high-end computers and gold ' , while oshodi spent £1,134 on taxis and bought expensive gadgets including a macbook and an iphone . one picture of him even appears to show him holding a ' money sandwich ' , with nigerian banknotes stashed between two slices of bread . he was jailed for eight years in 2013 after being convicted of two counts of conspiracy to defraud and conspiracy to conceal criminal property . appearing at southwark crown court for a confiscation hearing today , oshodi insisted he had not profited from the scam , and denied hiding money in overseas bank accounts . money sandwich : this image appears to show oshodi with nigerian banknotes in between slices of bread . champagne : but the scammer insists he does not have enough money to pay what he has been ordered to . he said : ' if i have hidden the goods , if i have got money how come i ca n't pay my solicitor , how come i ca n't rent a house , how come i was still broke , how come i am still broke , how come i am still poor ? ' would n't i get myself a new car , would i not buy myself some new clothes , louis vuitton or something ? ' but judge stephen robbins said : ' i reject what he said today ... he was the main mover and architect of this fraud and he has hidden assets most likely outside this jurisdiction . ' he said he got nothing from it at all , no benefit directly . ' determining oshodi to have made £940,820.34 in profit from the fraud , the judge ordered that he repay the total sum within six months or face a further four years in jail . girlfriend : annette jabeth was also jailed in 2013 for her part in oshodi 's fraud . abdulhamid was jailed for six years after admitting three counts of conspiracy to defraud , but this year he was ordered to repay just £686 out of the £74,000 profit he made from the scam . during a raid of oshodi 's home , detectives discovered computers with details of more than 11,000 credit cards , including those of almost 8,500 uk customers . in a victim impact statement , ms budow said she was ' physically shaking ' when she was informed by the bank , adding : ' since the theft i have been reimbursed the full amount by santander . ' but the effect it has had on me personally has been one of complete violation of my privacy . people have gained access to my personal details and i fear what they will use the information for . ' jabeth and five others were also jailed for being involved in the scam .