incredible footage of a sydney train station flooding during the storm of a decade on wednesday has been captured on cctv . a time lapse video , filmed from the platform over a 45 minute period at 11am , shows the water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south forcing the partial closure of the t2 airport line . at one point a worker in a high-vis jacket appears to look at the rising water to take a photo . the murky flood water eventually submerges the train line and begins moving like a river past the platform . sydney 's two-day total rainfall totalled about 225mm by 9am wednesday – the most fall for almost 17 years . a time lapse video , filmed from the platform between 11am and 11.45am , shows storm water creeping along the tracks at bardwell park in sydney 's south . although the storm had passed by thursday , about 80 sets of traffic lights are still out across the city , and a number of main roads remain closed due to flooding . twelve local government areas have been declared natural disaster zones , from sydney 's northern beaches to the hunter valley . meanwhile , thousands of people remain stranded in parts of new south wales as emergency services begin to clean up after devastating weather smashed the state over three days . on thursday morning , the nsw state emergency service said about 2000 people in the hunter region - including the macdonald valley , webbs creek valley and colo valley - are expected to be isolated for days . the murky flood water submerges the train line and begins moving like a river as it reaches almost the height of the platform . the flooding at bardwell park forced the partial closure of the t2 airport line in sydney . an evacuation order remains in place for parts of milperra in sydney , about 200,000 remain without power and the ses is still working to address 50 per cent of 12,420 calls for help it has received since monday morning . in dungog , in the hunter region , an elderly woman and two elderly men reportedly died in their homes as water surged through the small town after it received more than 300mm of rain in 24 hours . the bureau of meteorology said wild weather conditions would continue to ease on thursday but warned floodwaters still had yet to peak in some areas - including singleton and bulga in the hunter . nsw ses deputy commissioner steven pearce said : ' the recovery effort will be huge for those areas that have been smashed by what has been the largest storms in the last 10 years . ' after being submerged in flood water , the airport line reopened in time for the afternoon peak . the train line appeared more like a river than a track on wednesday . a cyclist powers his way through a flooded road , which was causing a traffic jam , at bondi junction in sydney . rain water made wellies a necessity in some sydney train stations this week .