the news that jurgen klopp will leave borussia dortmund in the summer has raised the probability that key members of his squad will depart too . klopp has painstakingly built a team in his image during his seven-year tenure at the westfalenstadion and achieved considerable success . dortmund were bundesliga champions in 2011 and 2012 before they reached the final of the champions league in 2013 . jurgen klopp has announced he is to quit borussia dortmund at the end of the season . klopp has enjoyed seven successful seasons at the westfalenstadion but has decided to call time . but the signings of mario gotze and robert lewandowski helped bayern munich re-establish their dominance and klopp 's exit is the end of an era . it could signal the break-up of the dortmund squad and we take a look at four players who could follow klopp out of the club this summer . mats hummels . even before klopp 's shock announcement , it looked highly likely that hummels would be leaving at the end of the season , most likely to manchester united . the germany world cup-winner is considered one of the best defenders in the game and would add steel to any back line . klopp revealed recently that hummels , 26 , had been ' thinking things over , ' adding that he believed he was good enough for united . defender mats hummels has been linked with a move to manchester united this summer . ilkay gundogan . the 24-year-old midfielder has also been linked with a summer move to the premier league , with arsenal , liverpool and manchester city among those interested . at his best , gundogan can take control of a midfield battle and is more than capable of unlocking defences with his range of passing . he hinted in february that he was ready to sign a new contract but then stalled and klopp 's departure could make up his mind for him . midfielder ilkay gundogan has been linked with a number of premier league sides . ciro immobile . the italian striker only arrived at the westfalenstadion from torino last summer but has n't lived up to expectations as lewandowski 's replacement . a measly return of 10 goals for the season has hardly compensated for the loss of their star striker to bayern last summer . there have been suggestions that dortmund will listen to offers for immobile and he would most likely return home to italy , perhaps to ac milan . ciro immobile ( left ) has struggled to compensate for robert lewandowski 's departure to bayern munich . neven subotic . the serbian defender had ears burning in the premier league when he said last week that he wo n't decide his dortmund future until after his summer holidays . he also added they he yearns to play in a league that is more physical , saying : ' how can i do my work when my opponent starts crying without contact ? ' subotic has been linked with manchester united and arsenal , offering a possible alternative if hummels does n't want to make the move . defender neven subotic celebrates scoring in the german cup quarter-final with hoffenheim . 