nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans . referees and officials were struck with projectiles by angry supporters after a tight contest between south sydney and canterbury ended in controversy . greenberg , who spent five years in charge of canterbury , said the scenes after the final siren were unacceptable and the culprits would be found . scroll down for video . a touch judge is hit by a bottle at the end of the round 5 nrl match between the canterbury bankstown bulldogs and the south sydney rabbitohs at anz stadium in sydney on friday . bulldogs ceo raelene castle checks on the nrl interchange official who has been injured at the end of game . ' i have been saying for several months , and today highlights it , that we need to put more respect and more attention around our match officials and referees , ' greenberg said . ' the behaviour of fans today at this game was completely unacceptable . ' i will be having as much dialogue as needed with the club , stadium and authorities to make sure appropriate penalties are handed out . ' sideline interchange official darren alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder blade after slipping over in an attempt to avoid a water bottle thrown from the stands . nrl head of football todd greenberg has vowed to issue canterbury fans who threw bottles at match officials with life-time bans . ' he 's in a pretty bad way . that is not acceptable , ' greenberg said . ' there are life bans available for us under the rules and we will work with the stadium , with the club and with the police to find those culprits . ' people come to the football to enjoy the football . we have a lot of people working on the sidelines and what we saw at the end of that game is unacceptable . ' rabbitohs sealed a final minute 18-17 victory over the bulldogs in an intense encounter at anz stadium in sydney during the good friday showdown . ' i have been saying for several months , and today highlights it , that we need to put more respect and more attention around our match officials and referees , ' greenberg said . but fans turned on referee gerard sutton and his colleagues after they penalised bulldogs captain james graham in the final minute , effectively handing the rabbitohs the win . as referees , officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel after full time , a section of the crowd hurled water bottles and abuse at them . sideline interchange official darren alchin was taken to hospital with a broken shoulder after he slipped to avoid being hit with bottles as he fell to the ground . it 's understood sutton slipped as he attempted to dodge the missiles being thrown from the crowd . he was assisted to his feet and moved to the officials room after he managed to escape with no injuries . david klemmer and james graham confront referee gerard sutton after awarding rabbitohs a late penalty . a nsw police spokeswoman has confirmed to daily mail australia that two people have been formally identified for allegedly throwing bottles as they continue to investigate the incident . ' police will be taking legal action against them while inquiries to identify others involved are continuing , ' a police statement said . canterbury coach des hasler apologised on behalf of his club over the actions of some fans after objects were thrown . ' i just want to offer an apology on behalf of the club , ' hasler said . ' i 've been to see the refereeing official who was i think struck by a projectile he 's ok but that is not us , that is not what this club is about and it 's not what sport in this country is about . ' unfortunately the behaviour of a few can kind of ruin it and spoil it for everybody . ' on behalf of all the officials and the players and everybody involved with the club , our sincerest apologies for what appeared and it wo n't happen again . ' a bulldogs supporter gestures at the end of the match after a controversial penalty was awarded to souths . canterbury chief executive raelene castle said the incident will be investigated and the club has called for a life ban on fans who were involved in the attack . canterbury chief executive raelene castle said the club has called for a life ban from all nrl fixtures on fans who were responsible in the attack as they investigate the incident . ' it 's not what this club is about and it 's not acceptable behaviour , ' castle said . ' we will look at the vision and take action . ' even thought we lost it is unacceptable for fans to throw bottles ! ! we will work to find the culprits ! ' 9 news reported that there was a coward punch attack outside the stadium following the incident . bulldogs fans react towards the match officials at full time at anz stadium on friday night in sydney . as referees , officials and players made their way off the field and towards the tunnel , a section of the crowd started hurling plastic water bottles and abuse at them . a bulldogs supporter was not impressed after rabbitohs were awarded a late penalty . the incident comes after sutton awarded the rabbitohs a late penalty after graham was placed on report for the incident that saw reynolds struggle off the ground on crutches and a knee brace . bulldogs fans were incensed when the rabbitohs were awarded a kick right in front of the posts , after a late tackle on reynolds as he attempted a field goal . sutton then invoked the nrl rulebook which states that if a player impedes an opponent when attempting a field goal the penalty will be taken from 10 metres out . graham was furious at the decision and he and fellow prop david klemmer surrounded sutton with klemmer sin-binned for yelling : ' you 're off your f******g face , ' in the face of the lead official . bulldogs supporters gesture to george burgess at the end of their round 5 nrl match on friday night . police speak to bulldogs supporters after officials and referees were showered with plastic water bottles . rabbitohs players gestures towards their fans after victory over the bulldogs at anz stadium .