sir bruce forsyth has spoken out in favour of assisted dying , saying that watching his first wife suffer with dementia has convinced him he wants to ' die with a bit of dignity left ' . the veteran entertainer , now 87 , said people should not be ' left to suffer ' , adding that in many cases it could be ' more cruel to do nothing ' than allowing them to die . sir bruce 's first wife , penny calvert , was moved into a care home with dementia in 2008 , and he visited regularly to help care for her until her death last year . scroll down for video . sir bruce forsyth has said that sometimes it can be ' more cruel to do nothing ' than to let someone die , as he spoke out today in support of assisted dying . sir bruce said his experience of nursing first wife penny calvert ( pictured here with the couple 's three children ) as she suffered with dementia had convinced him of a need for a change in the law . he said : ' it 's a terrible illness , awful to see and awful for everyone close to the person suffering . 'it’s a very difficult situation . she didn’t remember me . it’s just so awful to have your mind and your memories taken away from you . ' it bothers me an awful lot that people are just left to suffer . if i had alzheimer’s or dementia i would do something about it . ' the law should be changed and if people want to die with a bit of dignity left they should be able to do so . ' if it is what the person wants and it can be proved they are living a life of suffering it can be more cruel to do nothing . i’d like that right for myself . ' sir bruce married ms calvert in 1953 , and the couple had three children together before splitting 20 years later . he then went on to marry anthea redfern , the hostess on the generation game , followed by wilnelia merced , a former miss world who he married in 1983 . while sir bruce ( left ) separated from ms calvert ( right ) in 1973 , the two remained in contact , and he helped to secretly nurse her after she was taken into a home in 2008 , until she died last year . sir bruce ( pictured left with third and current wife wilnelia merced , and right after receiving his knighthood ) said he would like the right to be able to end his life ' with a bit of dignity left ' . despite these new relationships , he remained on good terms with ms calvert , and supported her through her illness . sir bruce joins other celebrities and politicians who support assisted dying , including the late author terry pratchett , former archbishop of canterbury lord carey , and labour peer lord falconer . the latter has already tabled a bill asking that patients with less than six months to live be allowed to take their own life with the help of a doctor . however , the proposed change in the law has proved controversial , with distinguished judge baroness butler-sloss saying it would ' cross a line ' towards euthanasia . prime minister david cameron and deputy prime minister nick clegg have also spoken out against assisted dying in the past . under the 1961 suicide act , those who deliberate assist or encourage others to commit suicide can be sentenced to up to 14 years in prison . however , in 2010 , the director of public prosecutions , keir starmer , issued guidelines making clear that anyone who assists a loved one who has reached a ' settled and informed ' decision while ' acting out of compassion ' is unlikely to be charged , leading to ambiguity . 