encounters with common dolphins off the west of scotland have more than doubled over a decade , according to experts . and now research is under way to find out why , with scientists proposing that climate change may have caused the surge in numbers . common dolphins were once a rare sight in the hebrides , preferring warmer waters found further south , leading experts to believe that global warming has led to pods moving north . encounters with common dolphins ( a stock image is shown ) off the west of scotland have more than doubled over a decade , according to a leading research body . monitoring by hebridean whale and dolphin trust teams has seen the number of encounters increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years . monitoring by hebridean whale and dolphin trust teams has seen the number of encounters with common dolphins increase by 68 per cent over the past 12 years . the dolphins come to the hebrides in spring to take advantage of seasonal food stocks , travelling in large groups and sometimes forming ‘super-pods’ of thousands of individuals . the species , which are smaller than the area’s resident bottlenose dolphins , often approach boats and play in the wake , the trust said . while they were once drawn to warmer waters above 10°c south of the area , climate change is causing sea surface temperatures in the hebrides to rise by around 0.5 °c a decade . and warmer water species appear to be colonising new areas further north or closer to shore , the trust said . the dolphins are moving further north than they did decades ago , possibly because the water has become warmer . while the shift could create new feeding opportunities for the common dolphins , it could increase competition between other types of dolphin or seabirds . an oystercatcher on the isle of mull is shown . the shift north could be creating new opportunities for the common dolphins to find food in new areas , but may mean the species is competing for fish with other types of dolphin or seabirds . volunteers will live , work and sleep on silurian research ship for up to 12 days . they will receiving training and work with scientists to conduct visual surveys , acoustic monitoring using specialist equipment , and cetacean identification through dorsal fin photography . they will also help run silurian - giving them a chance to learn to sail and navigate . areas covered depend on the weather but will range from mull of kintyre in the south , cape wrath in the north and st kilda in the west . these seas are one of europe’s most important cetacean habitats . participation costs range from £683 to £1,500 to cover boat expenses , accommodation , training , food and insurance , and support the trust’s research . more information can be found at hwdt . colder water species such as the white beaked dolphin could be forced to retreat further north , and while the trust said it had found no evidence of the white beaked dolphin being displaced , continued monitoring of the situation is needed . the charity is calling for volunteers to join its research vessel silurian to help conduct visual surveys and acoustic monitoring and identification of cetaceans . this includes dolphins , whales and porpoises . dr conor ryan , sightings and strandings officer at hebridean whale and dolphin trust said : ‘ an increase in common dolphins means that those wishing to encounter dolphins in the wild are in luck - but further research is needed to explain why this is happening , the extent to which it has been caused by human activity and the implications for other cetacean species . ’ kerry froud , the trust’s biodiversity officer , added : ‘ our research expeditions depend on volunteers . ‘ in return they offer the opportunity of a lifetime to contribute to a better understanding of cetaceans and basking sharks , whilst enjoying the beautiful scenery of scotland’s west coast and experiencing exhilarating sailing . the charity is calling for volunteers to join its research vessel silurian to help conduct visual surveys , acoustic monitoring and identification of cetaceans - which include dolphins , whales and porpoises - as well as helping to run the yacht . a stock image of the crew of the yacht is shown . areas that will be covered in the forthcoming survey depend on the weather but will range from mull of kintyre in the south , cape wrath in the north and st kilda in the west ( all marked on the map ) .