thierry henry has criticised arsenal 's recent dealings in the transfer window and has urged his former side to purchase four top players in the summer . the frenchman believes arsenal need a goalkeeper , centre back , defensive midfielder and striker if they are to have any chance of winning the barclays premier league title . henry , who was speaking after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea , also hit out at olivier giroud by claiming the gunners will struggle to win the league if his fellow countryman is to remain as the club 's first choice striker . sky sports pundit thierry henry questioned whether arsenal can win the title with olivier giroud in attack . henry ( centre ) said after arsenal 's goalless draw with chelsea that giroud ( right ) may need replacing . hull ( away ) - may 4 . swansea ( home ) - may 11 . man united ( away ) - may 17 . sunderland ( home ) may 20 . west brom ( home ) - may 24 . speaking as a pundit on sky sports , henry said : ' i think they need to buy four players - they need that spine . they need a goalkeeper , they still need a centre back , they still need a holding midfielder and , i 'm afraid , they need a top , top quality striker to win this league again . ' you had the best example with chelsea here today . they were struggling last season to win the league . they went on to buy [ thibaut ] cortouis , [ nemanja ] matic , cesc [ fabregas ] and [ diego ] costa . ' for me , that speaks volumes and you saw it today - a team did n't and a team did , and they are about to win the league again . arsenal are third in the premier league , level on points with manchester city but with a game in hand . ' he [ arsene wenger ] has to do it . you need to have this competitive thing within the group - to win the league , that has to happen . ' and he added on giroud 's inability to lead arsenal to the title despite scoring 14 league goals so far this season : ' i think giroud is doing extremely well . but can you win the league with him ? i would n't think so . ' he does a job , and he does it ever so well , but you ca n't win the league . ' arsenal were at the top of the league last season , but everyone was saying they are not going win the league . ' arsenal need to sign players of a similar calibre to thibaut courtois , nemanja matic , cesc fabregas and diego costa , according to henry . giroud , pictured during arsenal 's match against chelsea , has scored 14 premier league goals this season . 