decisions , decisions . a north carolina student who was accepted into all eight ivy league schools will have to make a tough choice and decide where he wants to attend college in the fall . victor agbafe , a student at cape fear academy in wilmington , also could go to stanford or duke because he was accepted at those prestigious institutions as well . the 17-year-old got into 14 schools in all . victor agbafe , 17 ( pictured above ) , is currently attending cape fear academy in wilmington , north carolina . on one of his facebook pages , agbafe describes himself as a ' passionate , honest , open-minded individual ' . agbafe hopes to become a neurosurgeon one day . agbafe , who plans to double major in microbiology along with government or economics , called his acceptance achievement an ' amazing opportunity ' , wsoc reported . he hopes to become a neurosurgeon . on facebook , agbafe describes himself as a ' passionate , honest , open-minded individual ' . he credits his mother , a nigerian immigrant and physician , for setting a good example for him , according towect . dorothy agbafe-mosley said : ' for god to crown his effort with success is just something that is just beyond me . ' i am very happy that he has all these choices to make . ' but then it also makes it difficult because it 's a lot of good schools . ' a lot of good schools . ' her son will make a decision later this month after visiting at many campuses as possible . another high school student , harold ekeh of long island , was also accepted into all eight ivy league schools . ekeh , 18 , was editor of his student paper and ceo of the model un . he moved from moved from nigeria to long island at the age of eight , got a 2270 on his sats and also has plans to be a neurosurgeon so he can find an alzheimer 's cure for his grandmother . harold ekeh of long island was also accepted into all eight ivy league schools and wants to be a neurosurgeon . ekeh told dailymail.com : ' it was crazy . my mom was sat next to me and it was just letter after letter after letter . ' he is leaning toward yale but has until may 1 to decide . the eight ivy league schools are yale , harvard , brown , columbia , cornell , dartmouth , pennsylvania and princeton .