brad pitt and angelina jolie 's wine from their french vineyard has gone on sale in a british supermarket for the first time after winning rave reviews from critics . marks and spencer is stocking a limited supply of the 2014 miraval rose and has urged those seeking a taste of the superstars ' provence vineyard to ' get in quick ' . the £18-a-bottle wine is produced at the couple 's chateau miraval estate , where they married in august last year after having purchased it for £41million in 2012 . brad and angelina 's 2014 miraval rose wine ( pictured ) right has finally reached the high street after receiving rave reviews from wine critics . the wine is produced at the couple 's chateau miraval estate ( pictured ) , where they married in august last year . wine spectator ranked the first vintage at number 84 in its list of the top 100 wines of 2013 , making it the only rose to be included , while decanter magazine described it as having ' a sense of power alongside the elegance ... with a delicious mouth-watering finish ' . the wine has sold previously in the uk through specialist wine merchants but m & s is the first to offer it up on the high street . the retailer describes it as an ' intriguing pale pink rose with strawberry , white pear and floral aromas ' with summer berry , wild herb and tangy tangerine flavours balanced by a refreshing acidity . ' helping pitt and jolie take over the vineyard was marc perrin , a famous provence winemaker who was introduced to the hollywood stars by friends last year . according to perrin , his family and the famous couple came together with the business venture over a few bottles of wine when the stars invited him over to the chateau in june 2012 . m & s drinks buyer emma dawson said : ' we 're excited to be launching what could well be the most famous rose in the world . ' not only does miraval boast a-lister owners , it 's a really lovely crisp rose , perfect for summer drinking . ' she added : ' this rose is best enjoyed lightly chilled , while young and fresh , and makes an excellent aperitif or matches with many provencal style dishes such as fish , vegetables and salads . ' the 2014 miraval rose is available in selected m & s stores now . helping pitt and jolie take over the vineyard ( pictured ) was marc perrin , a famous provence winemaker . perrin said his family and the stars came together with the business venture over a few bottles of wine .