arsene wenger says that arsenal will have to be perfect until the end of the season if they want to challenge for the title — but maintains that they will be ready if chelsea slip . arsenal thrashed liverpool 4-1 at home with goals from hector bellerin , mesut ozil , alexis sanchez and olivier giroud and are seven points behind chelsea , with the premier league leaders having to visit the emirates in two weeks’ time — although jose mourinho’s team still have a game in hand . and wenger says his team have to focus on winning every game in order to be ready for any setbacks that chelsea may suffer . arsene wenger is not letting his team get ahead of themselves despite an excellent win on saturday . hector bellerin celebrates after putting arsenal 1-0 ahead against liverpool in the first half on saturday . ‘ if the opportunity presents itself , we will have to be perfect and chelsea have to be not perfect , ’ said wenger . ‘ the only thing which we can master is to be perfect . chelsea have a difficult programme and so do we . ‘ we want to keep the momentum — win , win , win and win again . we know the top four is in our hands now . the title is not in our hands . we are looking up , but we are looking at our next game because that is all we can control . what we can master mathematically is the top four . let’s focus on what we can master — our own performance . ’ liverpool manager brendan rodgers praised raheem sterling , despite liverpool 's heavy defeat . liverpool won their penalty after sterling ( top ) was fouled by bellerin ( bottom ) in the second half . but wenger insisted that the performance against liverpool demonstrated that had they not be hampered by injuries and the late return of world cup winners ozil and per mertesacker , then they would have been closer to chelsea in the table . ‘ we have moved forward , ’ he said . ‘ we missed important players at the start of the season when we dropped too many points . when you look at the points we’ve made since everyone is back , i believe that shows you we have the quality to fight at the top . ’ mesut ozil scored a glorious second for arsenal with a sumptuous free-kick on 40 minutes . meanwhile , it has emerged that liverpool must give raheem sterling’s first club , qpr , up to £15 million of the profits if they sell the 20-year-old . the winger , who has controversially put contract talks on hold at anfield , has admitted that he has been flattered to be linked with arsenal . liverpool agreed a 25 percent sell-on clause with qpr when they signed sterling in 2010 as a 15-year-old for £500,000 . it means qpr would be entitled to £12.375m if sterling is sold for £50m and is seen as an important reason why liverpool boss brendan rodgers is keen to keep the talented winger . alexis sanchez celebrates after netting the gunners third on the stroke of half-time at the emirates . olivier giroud ( right ) added a late fourth with a brilliant strike to complete the scoreline for the gunners . 