ipsa chief sir ian kennedy launched a bid to keep mps ' receipts private . all mps ' expenses receipts will have to be published after a court threw out a bid to keep them private . the commons expenses watchdog , the independent parliamentary standards authority , had launched a bid to keep mps ' original claims secret . but the court of appeal ruled today that it must release all the copies of receipts and invoices which have been submitted by politicians . the legal action centred on whether copies of original documents should be published - rather than a summary of the claim put in by mps . the case stems from a freedom of information request to ipsa in 2010 - just a year after the mps ' expenses scandal erupted - asking for three specific receipts submitted by politicians in support of their claims . but instead of providing the original receipts , ipsa sent back a typed-up summary of the claims . the information commissioner later ruled that the receipts themselves should have been published - but ipsa continued to fight the case . today 's ruling comes six years after the mps expenses scandal broke - triggering the most explosive british political scandal in a generation . voters reacted with fury at the list of extraordinary claims submitted by mps - with jaw-dropping details of fraud , fake receipts and payouts for ornamental duck houses and moat cleaning . yet , today 's latest court ruling shows the the scandal has refused to die , six years and almost two general elections later . after dismissing the privacy appeal today , lord justice richards said the receipts could still not be published in full - to give ipsa time to appeal again to the supreme court . an ipsa spokesman said after the ruling : ' we need to study the judgement carefully . the court made clear that this is an important test case with implications not just for ipsa but for all other public bodies . ' we were right to test the point of law through an appeal to see whether images of receipts add anything additional to all the information about mps ' expenditure that we already release . ' the spokesman added : ' we remain completely committed to openness and transparency and already publish a detailed breakdown of every claim made by every mp . ' lord justice richards said that although the appeal was concerned with three specific invoices or receipts ' it is a test case and has important implications for ipsa and , no doubt , for other public authorities ' . he said ipsa publishes details of claims on its website but does not publish copies of the supporting invoices or receipts . in 2010 ben leapman , then a sunday telegraph reporter , made a request to ipsa for the information contained in three such documents to be sent to him . parliament 's expenses watchdog has fought plans to keep mps ' original receipts secret - arguing that it should only have to publish a summary of their claims . the mps expenses revealed a series of extravagant claims - including for the repair of a ' stockholm ' duck house by tory mp sir peter viggers . the judge said ipsa responded ' with a transcript of information contained in the documents , including information additional to that published on its website , but refused to provide copies of the documents themselves ' . ipsa was set up to restore public confidence following the 2009 expenses scandal , which led to some mps being jailed . in that same year , parliamentary authorities published more than a million receipts online - with details such as addresses and account numbers hidden . however , ipsa decided in 2010 not to publish receipts routinely , restricting its regular releases to a summary of each claim . it said there were a number of factors which had led it to decide that there was ''insufficient public benefit '' in publishing receipts and invoices . in a letter to the information commissioner , it said : ' primarily , a trial of extracting and redacting receipts and invoices for the purposes of publication showed that the cost would be in excess of £1 million for additional staffing and it costs alone , compared to the approximate £250,000 cost under the chosen model . ' it said ' on balance ' it took the view that providing images of receipts or invoices would be ' disproportionate in terms of costs , insufficiently beneficial in terms of transparency and represented a higher risk in terms of data protection ' .