an australian businesswoman has come out on top against the world 's 13th richest billionaire after stopping benefit cosmetics from using the term ' brow bar ' exclusively . beautician chernae noonan , who founded eyebrow shaping business the brow bar , has blocked the cosmetic giant 's application to trademark the phrase . benefit is owned by louis vuitton moet hennessy ( lvmh ) , which is run by luxury goods tycoon bernard arnault . australian beautician chernae noonan founded eyebrow shaping business the brow bar in 2003 . mr arnault 's estimate wealth is thought to be $ 37.4 billion and makes him the second richest person in france , according to forbes . the case between ms noonan and benefit was heard in the australian trade marks office earlier this year in february and ruled in the queensland woman 's favour . ms noonan started her business in 2003 in her springwood home and since then it has seen ' significant growth ' . she has rolled out six stores across australia - including on the gold coast , sydney and melbourne . she has stopped benefit cosmetics from using ' brow bar ' exclusively after the company launched an application to trademark the term in australia . the brow bar services ' women of relatively high disposable income aged 25 to 55 ' along with a small group of men . ms noonan took action against benefit when the cosmetics giant sought to trademark ' brow bar ' in australia in 2011 . benefit is owned by luxury goods company lvmh , which is run by the world 's 13th richest billionaire , bernard arnault ( pictured ) . she said customers would confuse her business , the brow bar , with benefit brow bar at myer stores in western australia , new south wales , australian capital territory , queensland , south australia and victoria . according to the ruling , ms noonan said journalists , media writers and online forum contributors often confused the two . lawyers for benefit told the australian trade marks office the company had already trademarked the term in hong kong and mexico , and had been using the name in its united states stores since 2003 . hearing officer nicole worth said she did not consider the word ' brow bar ' to be used commonly enough to be deemed as ' generic ' as lawyers for benefit argued . she added the addition of the word ' benefit ' to ' brow bar ' also did not help differentiate the cosmetic giant 's services from ms noonan 's business . ' additionally , although [ benefit ] did not know of [ ms noonan 's ] trademark when it adopted the phrase `` browbar '' in the usa , it is reasonable to expect that it ought to have checked the australian market for conflicting trade marks before entering it , ' ms worth said . ' it also continued to expand its business under the [ trademark ] in the knowledge that a prior conflicting mark was registered and being used ... that it did so is a risk it chose to bear . ' daily mail australia has contacted ms noonan for further comment but she did not wish to as benefit is appealing the decision . a statement on the matter has also been sought from the cosmetics brand . 