mila kunis is being sued by a ukrainian wannabe singer who claims the hollywood actress ' stole her pet chicken ' as children . kristina karo alleges that she was a classmate of ms kunis , 31 , who moved to the u.s. from ukraine in 1991 , and that the pair were ' inseparable ' growing up . karo , now living in los angeles , claims a seven-year-old ms kunis had been ' envious ' of her pet hen , and that 25 years ago , she stole it from her . bizzare lawsuit : wannabe singer kristina karo claims the theft of her pet chicken as a child in ukraine traumatised her , and is now suing ' thief ' mila kunis for $ 5,000 . in her lawsuit , karo states that ms kunis would come over to the chicken farm in north-west ukraine where she lived , and play with the hen , called ' doggie ' , tmz reports . she alleges that when ' doggie ' disappeared , ms kunis confessed to the crime and told her ' kristina , you can have any other chicken as a pet , you have a whole chicken farm ' , the website states . karo , who has moved to los angeles in the hopes of launching a career as a singer , says the theft of her pet chicken traumatised her and forced her to see a therapist . she claims that being in close proximity to ms kunis , who lives in hollywood with partner ashton kutcher and daughter wyatt , has ' brought back all the bad memories ' and she now needs therapy again . bad memories : the reason for the lawsuit 25 years after the ' theft ' is that moving to la , which is where kunis also lives , has brought back memories of losing ' doggie ' for karo and forced her back into therapy . not a bad egg : mila kunis , seen here with partner ashton kutcher in los angeles , is being accused of chicken theft despite growing up more than 100miles from karo . in her suit , karo alleges that when ' doggie ' disappeared , kunis confessed to the crime and told her ' kristina , you can have any other chicken as a pet , you have a whole chicken farm ' ( stock image ) . karo , whose song give me green card has more than 70,000 views on youtube , is suing the actress kunis for $ 5,000 for emotional distress and to cover her therapy bills . she also claims the theft of ' doggie ' 25 years ago has ' prevented her from pursuing the american dream ' , according to tmz . interestingly enough , karo 's self-penned online bio describes her as being ' born and raised in the small village berezhnytsia ' , which is a three hour drive - and more than 100miles away -from chernivtsi , where mila kunis lived before moving to the u.s. aged seven . wannabe : ' singer ' kristina karo says she and kunis were inseparable in first grade , but that the actress was jealous of her pet chicken ' doggie ' and stole the hen .