what does republican senator and presidential contender rand paul have in common with a gun-toting , stripper-hurling playboy ? an avid interest in poker , as it turns out . on friday , the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from kentucky shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the infamous ‘ king of instagram’ dan blizerian . the 10-second video , obtained by daily caller reporter kaitlin collins , is titled ‘ lessons from dan blizerian . ’ scroll down for video . strange bedfellows : on friday , senator rand paul ( left ) shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play poker from the debauched social media star dan blizerian ( right ) . high stakes : the pair were playing liar 's poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes . all about the benjamins : the gop senator and the professional poker player had $ 100 bills in their hands . in the clip , the two men sit at a table opposite one another with money fans in their hands , playing what appears to be liar 's poker - a game where players use dollars bills instead of cards and track the serial numbers on the banknotes . the goal of the game , according to investopedia.com , is to bluff the opponents into believing that your bid does not exceed the combined sum of all of the serial numbers . collins reported that paul and blizerian were playing with $ 100 bills . liar 's poker is also the title of a book by bestselling author michael lewis about the dissolute , everything-goes culture of wall street bond salesmen in the 1980s . blizerian is a renowned professional poker player and self-described international playboy who has amassed 8million followers on his instagram page , where he documents his globe-trotting , hard-partying lifestyle . odd couple : there does not appear to be much overlap between the married 52-year-old doctor-turned-lawmaker and the 34-year-old globe-trotting , hard-partying playboy . that video : blizerian made headlines last year when this video was released showing him hurling an 18-year-old porn star from the roof of his mansion into the pool . gun lover : in december , the former navy seal trainee was arrested at los angeles international airport for allegedly trying to manufacture a bomb . in a profile published in the wall street journal in 2014 , blizerian estimated earning about $ 50miillion in poker winnings in just over a year . most of the images on his social media account feature young , attractive women in various states of undress , stacks of cash , yachts , supercars and wild clothing-optional parties . the poker champ and one-time navy seal trainee also has been known to share with his fans pictures of his large weapons collection , which he lovingly refers to as his ‘accessories . ’ blizerian made headlines last year when a video was released showing him hurling an 18-year-old porn star from the roof of his mansion into the pool , leaving her with a broken foot . viral sensation : blizerian is a renowned professional poker player and self-described international playboy who has amassed 8million followers on his instagram page . playboy : nearly every day he shares photos of himself surrounded by shapely , scantily clad young women . booted out : blizerian was kicked off snapchat just 24 hours after activating his account for posting a video of naked women in his bed . then in december , blizerian was arrested at los angeles international airport for allegedly trying to manufacture a bomb . blizerian managed to avoid jail time after agreeing to pay a $ 10,000 fine and produce a public information film on responsible firearm use . the bad boy of instagram was recently ejected from snapchat just 24 hours after he activated his account for posting videos of naked women in his bed . paul , who goes by the snapchat handle senetorrandpaul , will be attending the white house correspondents ' dinner with president obama saturday night .