unless you 're born with kate moss ' cheekbones or karlie kloss ' endless legs , making it as a model in the fast-paced and fickle world of fashion is no mean feat - and something liris crosse knows all about . for liris , 32 , who is now dubbed the body and the naomi campbell of the plus-size modelling world , certainly came from humble beginnings . when starting out , her statuesque form , cat-like eyes , full lips and flawless complexion got liris in the door of most model agencies , but she admits her voluptuous shape landed her on the shelf . scroll down for video . liris crosse always dreamed of being a model but had a tough time breaking into the industry with many people telling her to lose weight to succeed - but the size 18 model ( us 14 ) proved them wrong . liris , who grew up in baltimore , maryland , shares her candid journey to the top with femail , how she proved her doubters wrong and how she 's hoping to take the uk by storm . ' i can recall studying all the major fashion magazines as a little girl so i could see tyra banks and my model idol , naomi campbell , ' she said of her earliest fashion memories . ' i watched fashion tv for all the runway shows and obsessed over naomi campbell 's runway walk . ' i still idolise her poise , body and skin to this day and i practiced in my mother 's heels back and forth in the kitchen . i 'm honored that the plus fashion world calls me the `` naomi of plus '' because she 's taught me from afar unknowingly . ' liris , 32 , is now dubbed the body and the naomi campbell of plus - but it was n't always so simple . liris ' model idol has always been naomi campbell , right , who she ' obsessed over ' as a young girl and is now compared to by industry bigwigs . when she was starting out , despite being a healthy size 10 ( us 6 ) , liris received rejection after rejection due to her voluptuous shape , but now she stars in regular fashion shoots , pictured . in her junior year of high school , she heard about a casting call in her area for a convention called model search america and immediately signed up . she was lucky enough to get callbacks from zoli models , elite models ny , michelle pommier and seventeen magazine - but there was a catch . ' they all loved me but wanted me to lose weight , ' she said . despite being a healthy size 10 ( us 6 ) , liris received rejection after rejection due to her voluptuous shape . and even though she chose an east coast giant , wilhelmina models , as her mother agency , casting reps still requested that she first lose weight and then come back in six months . liris has also starred in top videos with jennifer lopez , jay z and puff daddy . liris is breaking into the uk and appeared in a recent campaign for sir philip green 's evans , and starred in the goddess lingerie line through the eveden brand . instead of giving into their demands or giving up on what she believed was her calling , liris , who is 5ft 11in , and now size 18 ( us 14 ) , took matters into her own hands and created the vision for them . she became her own agent and utilised the urban market to achieve her dreams with the help of her agency . liris began to spread like wildfire . essence , honey , xxl , the source and black elegance magazines were the first to believe in her vision . with these successes , glamour , seventeen and girl soon caught onto her refreshing image and began requesting liris for their glossy pages . she booked top videos for the likes of jennifer lopez , jay z , puff daddy , starred on mtv and landed film roles . liris says she wants to change the industry by inspiring women to follow their dreams , helping to represent a different body type other than straight size in mainstream fashion . and now she 's starting to break the uk . liris appeared in a recent campaign for sir philip green 's plus-size fashion retailer , evans , who fell in love with her when she took her runway reign to british plus size fashion weekend 2014 . she has also starred in the goddess lingerie line through the eveden brand . ' i would love to work more in the uk with evans , anna scholz , yours clothing , panache , elomi , asos , simple be , dorothy perkins , carma koma to name a few , ' she said . ' i want to continue to change the industry by inspiring women to follow their dreams , helping to represent a different body type other than straight size in mainstream fashion like i have done through my work and to also represent for the black plus woman who feels she does n't see herself in mainstream fashion and entertainment . ' ' i also want to get back more into my acting career because i truly believe a plus woman can be a sexy lead on a tv series ... hey hollywood , call me ! liris has starred on the glossy covers of plus-size magazines in her time .