miracle godson drowned after jumping into deep waters at east quarry near wigan on friday . a 13-year-old schoolboy who was tipped for rugby league stardom has drowned in a quarry after going for a swim on the hottest day of the year so far . miracle godson , from marsh green in wigan , was reported missing on friday afternoon after he jumped into deep waters at east quarry in appley bridge near the town and failed to surface . friends desperately tried to save him but his lifeless body was found by police divers at about 5pm that day . lancashire police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held in due course . bosses at wigan st judes rugby league club , where miracle played for the junior side , said he had great future potential and scouts were monitoring his progress . the teenager 's team paid their respects on facebook after rugby league clubs across the region marked his death with a minute 's silence ahead of games this weekend . it said : ' we at wigan st judes would like to show our appreciation to all teams across the country who held silences before their matches in respect to miracle . ' the messages of condolence sent to us have been huge . and we can not thank everybody enough . ' our sport is tough , played by players who get into situations where confrontation happens on the field between players and supporters . ' this just shows how proud we are of our sport . but the rugby world really has shown how much we all stick together at times like this . ' thank you all , the rugby league world and the rugby league family for your support at this very difficult time . ' a tribute site to miracle has also been set up on facebook , alongside dozens of posts in his memory on twitter . friends tried to save him but his lifeless body was found in east quarry , appley bridge , by police divers . jules staniford russon posted on the wall : ' rip miracle , so so sad . thinking of all your family x . ' sue walls added : ' truly saddened by this tragic news . may friends and family find strength and comfort in the difficult times ahead . x . ' it 's understood that a petition calling for the quarry to be drained is due to be launched . friends were also due to gather at the club tonight for a tribute and flowers have been left at the scene . lancashire police confirmed that they responded to reports of a missing 13-year-old boy on friday , april 10 . tributes were left at the scene over the weekend and a facebook page has been set up for people to share their memories . police were called to the scene at 3.10pm on friday after the teenager 's failed to find their friend in deep water . lancashire police say his death is not being treated as suspicious but an inquest will be held in due course . the incident has prompted police to issue a warning over the dangers of swimming in open water . a force spokeswoman said : ' officers searching for a 13-year-old boy who had been reported missing in the water at east quarry , dawber delph in appley bridge have found a body . ' we were called at 3.10pm on friday and were working alongside the fire and ambulance service searching for the missing boy . '