julieane jablonski , 38 , was charged with providing marijuana to a minor and witness tampering . a colorado mother has been arrested for allegedly giving her teenage son a pot brownie that caused him to jump out of a third-story glass window ' without hesitation . ' in a bizarre twist , the alleged victim in the case , 19-year-old austin essig , took to the fort collins police department 's facebook page to describe the strange ' trip ' he experienced after eating the brownie . his mother julieane jablonski , 38 , was booked on suspicion of providing marijuana to a minor and felony tampering with a witness , the fort collins police department said on wednesday . detectives allege that jablonski told the teen after he was hospitalized for the fall on april 14 ' he needed to recant his statement to the police and lie about where the marijuana came from , ' according to an arrest report obtained by the coloradoan newspaper . after the incident , a facebook user that appears to be essig commented on the fort collins police post about the incident . ' it was quite the trip for a brownie , i can tell you that much , ' he wrote on tuesday . he added : ' i can say i followed dosage instructions ( only ate one , as opposed to my mid - incident statement ) , but ca n't honestly comment on how i got ahold of it . ' i can also say that my reaction to the marijuana was far from normal , and that this is n't common at all . currently researching the subject further . ' austin essig , 19 , jumped out of the third-floor window from this apartment complex earlier this month ' without hesitation ' after eating a marijuana-laced brownie . ' it was quite a trip ' : the alleged victim in the case , essig , commented on the police report about his own injury . the next day , detectives arrested his mother . marijuana is legal to buy and consume recreationally in colorado - but only for people over age 21 . buying marijuana for a teenager offers similar penalties to providing alcohol for minors in other states . essig suffered non-life-threatening injuries when he jumped out of the third-story window - through the glass and all . witnesses say he began acting strangely after consuming the pot brownie and then suddenly jump ' without hesitation . ' police confiscated what was left of the edible to test it for thc levels . critics contend that the levels of the hallucinogen in colorado marijuana is extremely high - often too high for people who are not regular users to tolerate . it was the latest of several incidents of pot users harming themselves that authorities in colorado have confronted since retail sales of the drug began there last year . in march 2014 , college student levi thamba pongi of the republic of congo leaped to his death from a denver hotel after consuming six times the recommended amount of marijuana cookies , with the denver medical examiner 's office listing `` marijuana intoxication '' as a contributing factor in his death . last month , 22-year-old luke gregory goodman shot himself to death in a colorado ski resort town after witnesses said he ate a large amount of pot candies , the summit county coroner said . essig was cagey about where he got the brownie , but said he needed to ' continue his research ' about the pot-laced edibles .