deputy pm nick clegg said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal . the liberal democrats could seize control of the nation 's schools in a coalition deal to erase michael gove 's ' zany ' ideas from the classroom , nick clegg signalled today . the deputy pm said control of the department for education would be a key demand of any new power-sharing deal . mr clegg said he wanted to avoid a repeat of battling against the ' ideological gimmicks ' of mr gove , who was the first tory education secretary when the coalition was formed in 2010 . mr clegg repeatedly clashed with mr gove over his education reforms , including tory plans to scrap gcses and a lib dem scheme to provide free school meals to under-7s . mr gove was demoted from running the ministry in last year 's cabinet reshuffle to become tory chief whip . the lib dems have sought to claim the mantle as the ' party of education ' , pledging to protect spending from ' cradle to college ' for 2 to 19-year-olds . in the 2010-15 coalition , the lib dems ran three departments : business , energy and climate change and the scotland office . as deputy pm mr clegg oversaw policies across whitehall , while danny alexander also sat in cabinet as chief secretary to the treasury , acting as george osborne 's deputy . however , senior lib dems believe the party should have demanded one of the key departments running public services , like health or education . today mr clegg signalled that he has his sights set on the department for education , which runs schools in england . asked if it was the kind of cabinet post he wanted , he said : ' i would , particularly having wasted a lot of time dealing with a lot of zany , ideological gimmicks from michael gove and his team . ' it would be a good thing if the liberal democrats were able to run education policy on our own terms , not least because we are the only party which is prepared to give the schools , colleges and nurseries the means that they need to absorb 400,000 new youngsters in our education system over the next five years . ' campaigning in cornwall , he announced plans for an independent education standards watchdog to restrict ministers ' ability to interfere with the contents of the national curriculum and exams . mr clegg said he wanted to ' get politics out of the classroom ' . establishing an educational standards authority ( esa ) is part of a plan for england which would also include a new royal college of teachers . other measures include curbing some of the reforms put in place by mr gove , with the lib dems insisting that all teachers in state-funded schools - including academies and free schools - have qualified status or are working towards it . a slimmed-down core national curriculum would be compulsory in all state schools , bringing free schools and academies in line with those run by councils . michael gove was demoted from running the department for education in last year 's cabinet reshuffle to become tory chief whip . the lib dems have also committed to increase funding for the education budget for two to 19-year-olds by 2020 , ensuring that the amount of cash per pupil would be protected in real terms . mr clegg said he would ' turn a page on the gove-esque centralising interference in what teachers teach in the classroom ' . he said : ' we are setting out ideas and amplifying ideas today which will take out a lot of the political interference which has dogged the day-to-day life of teachers far too much - from the micromanagement of the history curriculum by michael gove through to excessive day-to-day workload . ' mr clegg also promised to restore morale in the teaching profession . ' i get very distressed when i hear how teachers feel that they have been somewhat put upon in recent years , ' he said , promising to ' celebrate not denigrate the great , noble profession ' . the tories tonight hit back at the criticism . a friend of mr gove said : ' by zany and ideological , does clegg mean teaching children to spell properly and do their times tables ? ' or making exams harder ? or training teachers in schools rather than left-wing colleges dominated by the unions ? either he 's lost the plot or he 's lying again , as he did on tuition fees . ' a conservative party spokesman added : ' decisions about what is in the curriculum should lie in the hands of those who can be held to account by parents at the ballot box - not unelected bureaucrats as proposed by the lib dems . ' the lib dems ca n't run on their record and run away from it at the same time . they signed up to the new national curriculum , now they want to re-write it all over again . they voted for extending academy freedoms over the curriculum , now they want to scrap them . ' it 's thanks to conservative reforms that 1,000,000 more pupils are now in good or outstanding schools . conservative policies have delivered a 71 % increase in students taking rigorous academic subjects and ensured 100,000 six year olds are reading more confidently . ' the biggest risk to our education system would be the chaos of ed miliband as prime minister - and voting lib dem will only make that more likely . ' 