english football will stand still just before three o’clock on saturday to mark the 30th anniversary of the bradford fire . all fixtures in the premier league and football league will observe a minute’s silence for the 56 supporters who died in the devastating blaze . the inferno ripped through valley parade on may 11 , 1985 during the first half of a game against lincoln city , before which bradford had received the third division title . a minute 's silence will be held this weekend for the 56 supporters who lost their lives during the bradford city fire disaster . football league supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the plastic surgery and burns research unit at the university of bradford . a blaze tore through valley parade 's main stand during a third division match against lincoln city on may 11 , 1985 . players , managers and fans will stand for a minute to mark the 30th anniversary of the disaster , which also left 265 injured . supporters watch on as the fire rips through bradford city 's ground - and have had no definitive answers to questions they asked . many fans were trapped in their seats and 265 people were injured as the fire engulfed the main stand within minutes . the top four tiers of the game will remember them this weekend . and the top four tiers of the game will mark their passing this weekend . the football league will be supporting efforts to raise £300,000 for the plastic surgery and burns research unit at the university of bradford . mark lawn , the co-chairman of bradford city , said : ‘ i am personally delighted that the fa , the football league and premier league have got involved . i would like to remind people that the psbru is solely reliant on charitable donations by the public , charitable organisations and businesses , and has no funding from the government . ‘ i am extremely pleased that bradford city has helped to fund the psbru through the supporters raising money . this has been enough over the years to help maintain and exceed the standards coming from the unit . ’ there are harrowing stories of almost entire families passing away that day in yorkshire and serious questions still remain as we head into a fourth decade since the tragedy . they are laid bare in martin fletcher’s new book , fifty-six – the story of the bradford fire , in which the author challenges accepted theories as to the cause . nobody has been made accountable for events which saw fletcher lose his brother andrew , 11 , his father john , 34 , his uncle peter , 32 , and his grandfather eddie , 63 . fletcher has been researching the fire for 15 years and believes the investigation’s findings are flawed . the inquiry asserted that the cause was , in all likelihood , down to a cigarette or a match dropped on to a pile of rubbish . he found that former chairman stafford heginbotham , who died in 1995 aged 61 , had been connected with at least eight other business fires and insurance claims . john helm , the man commentating on the game when fire broke out , was candid in sportsmail last week . thousands watched on horrified as the flames took control of the stand to devastating effect . the variance in theories suggests , as with hillsborough , a new investigation would be vindicated , offering potential closure for the city . martin fletcher’s new book – fifty-six – the story of the bradford fire – challenges accepted theories as to the cause of the fire . there were many cases of heroism , with more than fifty people receiving police awards or commendations . john helm , the man commentating on the game when fire broke out , was candid in sportsmail last week and refuted fletcher’s claims . ‘ martin lost three generations of his family and has a right to speak his mind — any bitterness would be understandable — but from everything i have been told there isn’t a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ’ he wrote . ‘ on the contrary , i remember the coroner telling me it was obvious how the fire had started . detective inspector raymond falconer actually identified a man who had dropped a lit cigarette that went down a hole in the stand and started the fire . ‘ this corroborates what i was told at the time by the coroner . he said it was believed the fire had been started by a man , visiting this country from australia , but his name was never revealed . ‘ without making allegations against the club’s chairman at the time stafford heginbotham , there is inference by implication in the book — with reference to a series of fires at factories owned by the now deceased heginbotham . as members of his own family were seated in the stand that day , and as it was due to be demolished anyway 48 hours later , it is unfathomable to think there could have been an act of arson . ’ a solitary bottle of champagne stands on the terrace - bradford had been celebrating winning the third division title earlier in the day . bradford manager trevor cherry looks ahead on the valley parade pitch in front of the burnt out stand . an aerial shot of the smoke - showing the scale of the fire to engulf bradford 's ground and shock english football . forensic experts sift through debris in the area where the fire started on may 11 , 1985 . then prime minister margaret thatcher and husband denis lay a wreath near a turnstile where many of the victims were found . the variance in theories suggests , as with hillsborough , a new investigation would be vindicated , offering closure to a city that still has no definitive answer . this weekend will be the first time the whole of english football has come together and remembered the bradford 56 in unison . and the club has only recently wanted to fully remember the victims publicly . the memorial at valley parade wasn’t erected until 2001 and years went by without the anniversary even getting a mention in programmes and there were no silences or black armbands . ‘ i do feel we missed something of an opportunity in the aftermath of the fire , ’ former chairman jack tordoff said in 2011 , when valley parade celebrated its 125 years as a sporting venue . ‘ i think we should have looked at starting from scratch in another location . this picture shows what damage the fire caused in such a short space of time , with an entrance completely obliterated . valley parade looked derelict in the immediate aftermath but bradford opted to stay at their home and moved back months after . the scene at bradford 's memorial service to mark the passing of supporters who died in the fire . firemen survey the damage and put out any remains of the fire after bringing it under control . a policeman watches the forensic team pore through evidence on the terracing at bradford . ‘ the fire was , of course , a horrible time . fifty-six people lost their lives and the effect on the city was huge , and probably something that can’t be put into words . you had to be in bradford at that time to understand just what the city went through . ‘ i had returned to the board in 1983 with stafford ( heginbotham , city chairman at the time of the fire ) to save the club . ' but then the fire happened ... ' the planned minute’s applause at last season’s fa cup final between arsenal and hull was given a mixed reception by some bradford supporters , who still maintain the loss is solely theirs . that , though , won’t stop hundreds of thousands paying their respects this weekend as the disaster is brought sharply back into public focus . fans of all clubs can show their support by donating here .