brendan rodgers will remind raheem sterling of his responsibilities after the liverpool youngster hit the headlines for the wrong reasons before scoring the opener in a 2-0 win over newcastle united . sterling , who is unwilling to sign a new contract at anfield , has been videoed passing out after allegedly inhaling nitrous oxide , also known as ' hippy crack ' , and on sunday was pictured puffing on a shisha pipe . the 20-year-old faces a club investigation and potential disciplinary action over his behaviour , and liverpool manager rodgers now says he will take time to talk to his rising star about what being a professional entails . brendan rodgers will remind raheem sterling of his responsibilities after his recent controversies . liverpool forward sterling can be seen pictured on social media whilst smoking a shisha pipe . rodgers said that sterling 's behaviour would be dealt with internally and that he would be speaking to him . when asked whether he would speak with sterling , whose opener was followed up by joe allen 's goal in the 2-0 win at anfield , rodgers said : ' i will do . ' i think it’s one where internally we’re always looking into these types of items . 'he’s a young kid that’s been in the spotlight now so he knows the demands of being a top class player and a top class professional , it’s not just on the field it’s off the field but i will speak with him on it and we’ll move on . ' an excellent piece of skill from sterling inside the newcastle penalty area opened up the chance for him in the ninth minute on monday night , and the england international expertly curled past goalkeeper tim krul to make it 1-0 . an excellent piece of skill from sterling inside the newcastle penalty area set up his ninth-minute opener . rodgers said that lack of a second goal for sterling would have left his player disappointed at anfield . sterling could have had more goals and at one point shot wide with the goal gaping . rodgers said that lack of a second finishing touch would have left his player disappointed . 'he’s very valuable , he’s a kid that , he’s non-stop , he wants to learn and improve himself , the anfield boss said . ' i thought he was outstanding tonight . he’ll be disappointed that he maybe didn’t get three goals this evening , second one he should slot away , but wonderful skill and ability for the first goal and he was tireless all evening pressing the ball and posing a threat . ' sportsmail columnist jamie carragher said sterling would learn from the last six to 12 months at liverpool . sportsmail columnist jamie carragher said on sky sports : 'there’s no doubt over the last six to 12 months , in years to come he’ll look back over this period now as a massive learning curve for him . ' when you’re a 20-year-old kid , you make mistakes at that age , i did , i’m sure we all do . it’s just important that he learns from it because raheem sterling , for how good a footballer he is , he needs to be on the back pages , not the front pages and that’s a problem for him in these last few months . '