david curry ( pictured ) was asked to leave the wallow wetherspoon pub in blyth , northumberland because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms . a father was asked to leave a wetherspoon pub for a family breakfast with his wife and stepdaughter because he was wearing tracksuit bottoms . david curry , 49 , had travelled ten miles from home to visit the wallow in blyth , northumberland , for the first time with wife vee , 45 , and her daughter kayleigh . but when the family arrived mr curry was told he could not stay in the pub because he was wearing a pair of £40 adidas trousers . the pub chain has apologised to mr curry , from ashington , but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013 . ' i go to my local wetherspoon pub in ashington all the time wearing track suit bottoms and we have never been denied entry , ' said mr curry . ' we decided to go to this one instead for a change of scene . ' we had just walked in and were just about to go to the bar when a waiter said `` excuse me you have got to leave , you are wearing track suit bottoms '' . ' i could n't believe it . i just had to laugh and walk away . ' instead , the family travelled back to ashington and went to a nearby pub for sunday lunch . self-employed builder mr curry said he often wears sportswear as part of a health regime that saw him shed 17 stone through exercise and giving up alcohol . he had been drinking 25 pints a day and ballooned to 28 stone , but changed his ways and started running up to 20 miles a day after being told he would die if he did not lose weight . teaching assistant mrs curry said the pub chain has lost money by turning the family away at the door . ' i said you are joking ! we had just come for our breakfast . when mr curry arrived at the pub with his wife and stepdaughter he was told he could not order a drink because of his attire . ' dave was wearing a pair of £40 trousers , they were n't cheap . ' yet he was being told to leave by a waiter who had n't even ironed his uniform . the waiter looked really scruffy . ' there are people wearing tracksuit bottoms in wetherspoons all the time . ' it was the first time we had ever visited that wetherspoon pub and we wo n't be coming back . ' we just left - we were fuming . ' wetherspoon spokesman eddie gershon said : ' wetherspoon apologise to the gentleman and completely understand his disappointment . the pub chain has apologised to mr curry but said a no-tracksuit policy had been in place at the bar since 2013 . ' the pub has operated a no tracksuit policy since opening towards the end of 2013 . ' we appreciate that the gentleman in question was n't aware of this and we would also ask our staff to use discretion . ' however on this occasion the fact is he was refused service and to reiterate we apologise to him for this . ' mr gershon said the no tracksuit policy is only in place in blyth , northumberland , and not in other wetherspoon branches .