israeli jews stood in silence as sirens wailed across the country on thursday marking holocaust memorial day and 70 years since the liberation of the nazi death camps . traffic came to a halt and pedestrians stood at attention for two minutes as the sirens rang out . commemorations began at sunset on wednesday and were to continue thursday with israeli leaders attending official ceremonies at jerusalem 's yad vashem holocaust memorial , parliament and elsewhere . a beach-goer stands still as a two-minute siren marking holocaust remembrance day is sounded in tel aviv . israelis pictured standing on the tel aviv seashore as they observe the annual holocaust memorial . youths stand still on a beach play area as a two-minute siren marking holocaust remembrance day is sounded in tel aviv . memorable : israelis take photographs of a main tel aviv highway as all traffic comes to a standstill . motorists stand still beside vehicles as a two-minute siren marking holocaust remembrance day is sounded in jerusalem . israelis stand outside their vehicles on a main tel aviv highway as a two-minute siren wails and all traffic comes to a standstill . the annual memorial day commemorates the six million jews killed by the nazis during world war two . the two-minute silence is observed by the entire country , the young and old taking a moment to reflect on the atrocities visited on jews during the second world war . president reuven rivlin ( centre ) and prime minister benjamin netanyahu ( left ) mark holocaust remembrance day in jerusalem . israel 's president reuven rivlin ( centre ) pauses after laying a wreath during a ceremony marking the holocaust remembrance day at yad vashem holocaust memorial in jerusalem . benjamin netanyahu laying wreaths at the holocaust remembrance day ceremony . holocaust survivors and their relatives lay a wreath next to the names of concentration camps at the yad vashem holocaust memorial . the two-minute silence was an emotional experience for israelis , with the whole country coming to a standstill for the occasion . until sundown , radio and television stations were to broadcast programmes on the genocide and play sombre music , while places of entertainment were closed . the theme of this year 's observances - ' the anguish of liberation and the return to life : 70 years since the end of world war ii ' - dealt with the pain of survivors and the challenge of rebuilding shattered lives . about 189,000 survivors live in israel today but according to their welfare organisation close to 25 percent struggle financially , despite government assistance . at opening commemorations for the six million victims on wednesday evening , prime minister benjamin netanyahu compared arch-foe iran to hitler 's germany . israelis and soldiers attend a ceremony marking the annual holocaust remembrance day in the martyr 's forest near moshav kesalon , in central israel . soldiers at the martyr 's forest near moshav kesalon stand during one of the country 's most sombre occasions . six hundred young people stopped for several minutes to form a star of david on the city hall square in vilnius during the holocaust remembrance day . people gather around and look at a monument in the yad vashem holocaust memorial complex in jerusalem on the day that the liberation of jews from the nazi death camps was marked . israeli soldiers stand at attention in front of the yad mordechay memorial , commemorating a battle between israel and egypt during the 1948 arab-israeli war as sirens wailed across the country marking the holocaust memorial day . solemn : israelis stop walking and stand in silence in the center of jerusalem on thursday . the theme of this year 's observances - the anguish of liberation and the return to life : 70 years since the end of world war ii - dealt with the pain of survivors and the challenge of rebuilding shattered lives . pictured are people in jerusalem observing the silence . until sundown , radio and television stations were to broadcast programmes on the genocide and play sombre music , while places of entertainment were closed . rabbi avraham firer ( chairman and founder of ezra lemarpeh , a non-profit organization established in 1979 that provides medical assistance to the needy ) lights the main beacon at the massuah memorial ceremony for holocaust remembrance day . moshe eshkenazi tells israeli border police officers the story of his grandfather moshe pesach , rabbi of the jewish community in volos during world war two who saved more than one thousand jews , during a ceremony marking the annual holocaust remembrance day in the martyr 's forest . ' as the nazis sought to stamp out civilisation and to set the master race to rule across the earth ... while wiping out the jewish people , so does iran seek to control the region , spread outwards and destroy the jewish state , ' he said . netanyahu misses no opportunity to slam the emerging nuclear agreement between tehran and world powers , which is to be finalised by june 30 . israel and the west suspect iran 's civilian nuclear programme is a front for efforts to build a military capability , a charge tehran denies . warning against appeasing ' tyrannical regimes , ' netanyahu questioned whether the lessons of world war ii had been fully absorbed . ' has the world really learned from the incomprehensible universal and jewish tragedy of the previous century ? ' he asked . ' democratic governments made a momentous mistake before world war ii and we , along with many of our neighbours , are convinced that a bitter mistake has also been made now . ' blacksmith michael poitner works on a replica of the dachau nazi concentration camp gate with the writing `` arbeit macht frei '' ( work sets you free ) in biberbach near dachau . a german blacksmith who painstakingly rebuilt an iron gate at the dachau concentration camp bearing the notorious ' arbeit macht frei ' ( work sets you free ) slogan said on thursday he hoped no one would notice his work was a replica . michael poitner said he was honoured to win the contract to reconstruct the 1.87 metre-high , 108-kg gate , which was stolen last year from the memorial site at dachau , the first nazi concentration camp , set up in 1933 . ' it was an imposing assignment full of history and it 'll be around a lot longer than i am , ' he told reuters after putting the final touches to the gate ahead of a may 3 ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the camp 's liberation by u.s. troops . ' it 's as close as possible to the original with a variance at most of just a few millimetres here and there . ' chancellor angela merkel , who in 2013 became the first german leader to visit dachau , will join some 100 survivors at the ceremony . she visited the buchenwald death camp with u.s. president barack obama in 2009 . the nazis set up the camp in dachau outside munich only weeks after adolf hitler took power . initially designed to detain political rivals , it became the prototype for a network of death camps where 6 million jews were murdered . more than 41,000 died at dachau . ' a lot of thought went into how to make this cynical nazi slogan close to the original - which is important as some 800,000 people visit the dachau memorial each year , ' said poitner , 36 , who was born in town of dachau . ' you can feel all that cynicism with this gate . ' he studied pictures and documents about the original gate , which was installed in 1936 , and used techniques like high-temperature brazing , which was more common than soldering in the 1930s . more than 200,000 people had been detained in the camp by the time u.s. troops liberated it in 1945 . television footage showing piles of bodies and starved inmates of the camp were among the first images the world saw of the holocaust . the original dachau gate was stolen in november and police have not yet recovered it . in december 2009 , a similar ' arbeit macht frei ' sign was stolen from the entry gate of the former nazi death camp of auschwitz in poland by a swedish man with far-right ties . michael poitner said he was honoured to win the contract toreconstruct the 1.87 metre-high , 108-kg gate . poitner said his gate is ' as close as possible to the original with a variance at most of just a few millimetres here and there ' . a march of the living participant carries an israeli flag from the former german nazi death camp auschwitz i to auschwitz ii . participants carrying israeli flags attend the march of the living to birkenau , in oswiecim , poland . about 10,000 people take part in the annual march on the site of the wartime german nazi death camp auschwitz-birkenau to remember the six-million jews who perished at the hands of the nazis during world war two . people stand behind the main entrance of the nayi concentration camp memorial in dachau , germany , thursday , april 16 as israel remembers those killed within . the gate with the writing ' arbeit macht frei ' ( work sets you free ) was stolen in november 2014 . a participant of the annual march of the living walks past a carnation placed at the fence of the auschwitz-birkenau nazi death camp memorial in oswiecim , poland . the march of the living sees students from all over the world arriving in poland to learn more about the holocaust . prime minister benjamin netanyahu seized on israel 's annual remembrance of the holocaust wednesday to compare arch-foe iran to hitler 's germany . prime minister benjamin netanyahu seized on israel 's annual remembrance of the holocaust wednesday to compare arch-foe iran to hitler 's germany . ' as the nazis sought to stamp out civilisation and to set the master race to rule across the earth ... while wiping out the jewish people , so does iran seek to control the region , spread outwards and destroy the jewish state , ' he said . speaking at jerusalem 's yad vashem holocaust memorial , as israel began marking the liberation of the nazi death camps 70 years ago , he used the occasion to keep up his constant pressure against the emerging nuclear agreement between tehran and world powers . world powers agreed with iran this month on the framework of a deal to rein in its nuclear programme in exchange for the lifting of international sanctions . israel and many western governments suspect iran 's civilian nuclear programme is a front for efforts to build a military capability , a charge tehran denies . warning against appeasing ' tyrannical regimes , ' he questioned whether the lessons of world war ii had been fully absorbed . ' has the world really learned from the incomprehensible universal and jewish tragedy of the previous century , ' he asked . ' the bad agreement being drafted with iran teaches us that the historic lesson has not been internalised . ' ' the powers turn a deaf ear to the crowds in iran shouting ' death to america ; death to israel , '' netanyahu said . ' the democratic governments made a momentous mistake before world war two and we , along with many of our neighbours , are convinced that a bitter mistake has also been made now . ' last week , netanyahu demanded that iran ' stop its threats to annihilate israel . ' 