her recent achievements include a 3,000-mile bicycle ride across the usa , a cross-country ski marathon and a four-mile swimming race in a turkish tidal shipping strait . so perhaps it should come as no surprise that pippa middleton can go jogging without even appearing to break a sweat . the duchess of cambridge’s younger sister was seen going for an early evening run in the sunshine , displaying her toned figure in a blue sports vest and patterned shorts with pink and grey trainers and a baseball cap . scroll down for video . pippa middleton was seen enjoying an early evening run in a london park , stopping to chat to a fellow jogger . new balance pink ribbon 990v3 sneakers . support the cause ! buy now . pippa middleton kicked up her workout gear to the next level with a pair of new balance sneakers trimmed with a pop of pink . we love how she kept the rest of her outfit a simple medley of blues , from her camo shorts right up to her nike cap . the royal sister topped off the chicness of her ensemble with a peek at a pink sports bra underneath her blue top , which echoed the pink in her sneaks perfectly . a pair trainers as cool as these need not be kept for running only . the playful kicks would also look great paired with skinny black jeans and a cozy oversized sweater for an off duty , street savvy look . in case you need further convincing , new balance will contribute 5 % of the retail price of sales from these ' lace up for the cure ' collection sneakers supporting breast cancer awareness ! click right to buy them today . or get the look for less with our edit of similar styles below . new balance wx711 sneaker at zappos . buy now . nike revolution 2 sneaker at zappos . buy now . fila approach sneaker at 6pm ( now $ 45.99 ) buy now . u.s. polo assn . natalie 9 sneaker at 6pm ( now $ 25.99 ) buy now . miss middleton kept her jewellery and watch on and appeared to be clutching a set of keys as she effortlessly made her way around a london park , stopping to chat to a male jogger before continuing with her workout . the 31-year-old is preparing to take part in the 54-mile london to brighton charity bike ride in june to raise money for the british heart foundation , for which she is an ambassador . the keen athlete , who won a sports scholarship to marlborough college , has previously spoken about how she sticks to ‘ wholesome carbs’ such as brown rice , lentils and quinoa and eats a lot of protein to prepare for races . last month it emerged a planned deal for her to join us television channel nbc as a special correspondent had collapsed . she currently writes a column in waitrose’s magazine and is a contributing editor to vanity fair . her limited company , pxm enterprises , made a profit of more than £200,000 in 2014 . the 31-year-old is preparing to take part in a 54-mile cycle from london to brighton to raise money for charity . she previously completed a 3,000-mile race across the usa ( pictured ) . miss middleton has previously told of how she sticks to ' wholesome carbs ' when preparing for sporting events .  