if you’re bored of crosswords and sick of sudoku , an enigmatic new riddle game may be just the mental challenge you need . a mysterious app called none* gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses . there are no images , music , animations , sound effects or hints to help users , or indication of what the purpose of the game is exactly . scroll down for video . an intentionally mysterious app called none* gives users only one clue to get started and a keyboard to type their guesses . examples of ' questions ' are pictured above left and right . available for ios , android and windows phone devices , the description of the game in stores reads : ‘ no one really knows what none* game is about . ’ the free app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text , as well as showing a small keyboard . upon starting the game , there is no indication what the goal of it is , how many levels there are , or even how users are supposed to solve some of the more obscure riddles . however , the app can be completed and has 50 levels , according to people bragging on the app store that they have completed the none* app . the questions are relatively simple to start with , including basic maths questions and others that have clear answers , but then extend to name associations , before seemingly showing random statements and even coordinates . available for ios , android and windows phone devices , the description of the game in stores reads : ‘ no one really knows what none* game is about . ’ it is intentionally more mysterious than a crossword ( stock image ) and does not have as descriptive clues or aids of hints or images to help players guess the answers . the app is available to download for ios , android and windows phone devices . players are confronted with a black screen and a single clue written in white . they use the keyboard to enter their answer in order to progress to the next level . there are 50 levels in total in ' episode one ' and clues get progressively tougher . but upon playing the app , this is not known and it seems mysterious . the app 's inventor , dimitris chassapakis , said that around 10 per cent of people who downloaded the app have completed the puzzle game . clues include : ' the ultimate question of life , the universe and everything , ' ' p + left step 1 + left step 7 + right step 1 + right step 1 ' and ' the answer is next . the next is answer ' . then there is a blank space beneath the clue to write the answer . athens-based dimitris chassapakis , who created none* , told business insider that it’s his first text-based puzzle game for mobile . he said that there are 50 levels in none* but just 10 per cent of players have completed the game . ‘ this is the first episode and if you solve all 50 levels you can subscribe for the release of episode 2 — probably this summer , ’ he added . between 10,000 and 50,000 people have downloaded the free app via google play but there are no stats from the app store . reviews of the game on google play include those from people waiting for part two . the app has a pitch black screen and a single clue written in white text , as well as showing a small keyboard . the questions are relatively simple to start with , including maths questions and some that have clear answers , but then extend to name associations , before listing statements ( left ) and coodinates ( right ) . a user called aaron hutchinson wrote : ‘ while the game is a bit short , episode 1 was a ton of fun . ‘ some of the clues had me thinking for days . ‘ once i stopped over thinking the clues , this became much more enjoyable . ca n't wait for episode 2 . ’ however , it wasn’t such a hit with others . exasperated player scott rudell wrote : ‘ frustratingly vague `` puzzle '' game . none* refers to itself as a puzzle game , but that 's a poor descriptor . ‘ puzzles have clues which lead to a correct answer . none* simply gives a single , usually insufficient clue without context , and you have to guess at which of the many possible answers is the one the game is looking for . ’ around 10 per cent of none* players have completed the app 's 50 levels and are eagerly anticipating their second episode , but others were simply frustrated with it ( stock image ) .