julius caesar famously collapsed at the battle of thapsus in 46bc and had to be carried to safety . historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack , highlighting other symptoms such as vertigo , dizziness and weakness in his limbs . but new research suggests that the roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state . julius caesar famously collapsed at the battle of thapsus in 46bc and had to be carried to safety.historians have long believed this was result of an epileptic attack , but new research suggests otherwise . pictured is ciaran hinds julius caesar in the drama series ' rome ' . doctors at imperial college london came to the conclusion after taking a new look at caesar 's symptoms described in greek and roman documents , according to a report by ian sample in the guardian . ' possible cardiovascular explanations have always been ruled out on the grounds that until his death he was supposedly otherwise physically well during both private and stately affairs , ' the researchers wrote in their study . francesco galassi , a medical doctor at imperial who conducted the analysis with hutan ashrafian , a surgeon at the college , say there are a number of symptoms that mini-strokes can explain better than epilepsy . new research suggests that the roman general may in fact have been suffering from a series of mini-strokes that affected both his mental and physical state . doctors at imperial college london came to the conclusion after taking a new look at caesar 's symptoms described in greek and roman documents . for instance , caesar was known to suffer from depression towards the end of his life , which may have been the result of damage to his brain from the strokes . there may have been social reasons why the military leader , and his chosen heir , octavian , believed they suffered from epilepsy . in antiquity epilepsy was referred to as the ' sacred disease ' among the greeks . it was generally perceived by those uneducated in medicine or as being the result of possession by a deity . in literature of the time , epileptics were often the possessors of powers and the subjects of divine favour . the greeks and the romans appear to have known the causes and symptoms of epilepsy quite well . the hippocratic treatise on the sacred disease , which attempts prove the condition is not caused by supernatural causes , outlined them in detail . in his biography of caesar , the greek historian plutarch describes how the leader supposedly had a very public attack of his disease . this took place on the floor of the senate , where he cried that anyone who wished to kill him could . plutarch says that caesar later claimed that it was due to epilepsy , which causes him to become giddy when in front of large crowds . ' when re-evaluating his symptoms , it can be noted that caesar suffered falls during his campaigns in spain and africa at cordoba and thapsus , ' the researchers write . ' he reported symptoms of headaches , vertigo and later on mentioned giddiness and insensibility , when he could not stand up as senators honoured him . ' there may have been social reasons why the military leader , and his chosen heir , octavian , believed they suffered from epilepsy . in antiquity epilepsy was referred to as the ' sacred disease ' among the greeks . it was generally perceived by those uneducated in medicine or as being the result of possession by a deity . in literature , epileptics were often the possessors of powers and the subjects of divine favour . but the researchers note that both caesar 's father and another forefather died without an obvious cause . this may point to the fact that they also suffered from mini-strokes , a condition that can come about due to genetic disposition .