dubai is renowned as the playground of the rich and famous . it is a melting pot of decadence in the middle east with year-round sunshine , some of the best hotels on the planet , and shopping opportunities to seriously damage the credit card . despite the restrictions of local religious laws , the champagne-fuelled party life has come to somewhat define dubai as a holiday destination . dubai : it 's still ' bling ' but the natural habitat of the mega-wealthy has a developing cultural underside . because of this , i have always regarded this uae state as the natural habitat for the types of mega-wealthy who like to splash their cash ; premier league footballers , nightclub owners , rappers and reality tv stars - the rooneys and the cast of the only way is essex will continue to flock to dubai . so i was surprised to discover that dubai has a rapidly developing cultural underside . in recent times , the place has attracted more unlikely visitors - a-listers including emily blunt , cate blanchett , lily allen , karl lagerfeld and sarah jessica parker . blunt was guest of honour at the recent dubai international film festival , following in the footsteps of the oscar-winning ms blanchett , who attended in 2013 . lily allen was in town in november with the verve 's richard ashcroft to perform at dubai 's first-ever party in the park at the media city amphitheatre . and although lily was ordered to censor her lyrics - ' they told me to cover up and not swear ! ' she announced on stage - punters said the relaxed atmosphere , cool crowd and outdoor , grassy setting made the festival feel like dubai 's answer to glastonbury . lily allen performed at dubai 's first party in the park . there is now the annual dubai international jazz festival . this year , sting and james blunt performed in february . and work is also under way to build dubai 's first opera house in the lagoons area . the 2,500-seat venue is anticipated to be complete in 2017 . karl lagerfeld showed his chanel cruise collection in dubai , while sarah jessica parker decamped from manhattan to launch her shoe collection in the mall of the emirates in december . and with western shopping meccas bloomingdales and harvey nichols now established , and us emporium macy 's on the cards to open in the next few years , the retail scene also caters for more sophisticated customers . according to cressida meale , deputy editor of fashion magazine grazia middle east , there is even an underground fashion scene emerging in the city 's industrial area , al quoz . ' it has pop-up fashion shops and cool dubai designers , ' says meale . ' there really is another shopping side to dubai , away from the malls . ' there are also several trendy art galleries in this area . so why the sudden cultural shift ? two things seem to have happened in recent times . firstly the party scene has relocated an hour down the road to abu dhabi , thanks in part to the launch of the abu dhabi grand prix and ferrari world ( the world 's first theme park devoted to the italian motors ) . second , dubai was also recently made host to the global expo 2020 , an honour of which it is very proud . the government is pumping millions into creating the infrastructure for the global mega-event . so dubai has upped its game , and with great results . now art , music and fashion events are near-weekly fixtures on the calendar . of course , all this has not stopped the partying - there 's just a more sophisticated crowd of revellers . branches of western nightclubs lead the way , starting with mayfair 's most famous one , mahiki . art exhibitions are on the rise such as the mojo art gallery in al quoz district in duba ( above ) . since the club opened its doors in jumeirah beach hotel three years ago , movida and pacha have arrived too . do the clubs worry about abu dhabi stealing their party crown and cliental ? apparently not . the general consensus is that abu dhabi has a lot to learn from dubai . indeed , mahiki recently took the party to abu dhabi - and arguably the greatest vip guest of all , prince harry . in november the nightclub hosted a pop-up venue on a yacht for the abu dhabi grand prix , and , of course , the party-loving prince could n't resist sinking a few rum cocktails on board . but when it comes to hotels , dubai has always been ahead . i was lucky enough to stay at the world-famous jumeirah burj al arab . world famous : the jumeirah burj al arab towers over the malls and souks of dubai . not only did my visit coincide with the uae 's national day , it was also the architecturally unique hotel 's 15th birthday . i have never seen a fireworks display and laser show like it . i was completely bowled over by the world-class level of service at the suite-only hotel , and even had my own butler on hand for the duration of the stay . the al muntaha restaurant , in the perpendicular pod that juts from the side of the building on the 27th floor , not only served the most exquisite fish , but the bartender made a mean martini too . it 's little wonder the hotel that prides itself as ' the world 's most luxurious ' has a regular roll-call of royalty and a-listers staying . many arrive by helicopter , landing on the helipad perched on top of the sail . apparently it is used nearly every day . i had to slum it with a chauffeur driven rolls-royce phantom picking me up at the airport . i 'll be sure to book the chopper next time ... the best of burj package costs from £2,850 per couple and includes two nights ' b & b in a two-floor suite ( minimum stay two nights ) , with private butler , dinner both evenings at burj al arab 's signature restaurant , massages and set of hermes amenities . visit jumeirah.com or email baareservations @ jumeirah.com . british airways ( ba.com ) offers return flights from heathrow to dubai from £537 .  