a mother accused of smothering her infant son inside a bathroom at a busy midtown manhattan restaurant reportedly told police she put the boy ' to sleep ' to spare him from being eaten by someone . latisha fisher , 35 , has been charged with second-degree murder for allegedly killing 20-month-old gavriel ortiz-fisher with her bare hands inside a restroom at 5 boro burger on west 36th street monday afternoon . fisher had a violent past and a history of psychiatric problems , but she was evaluated as mentally fit as recently as last year . scroll down for video . latisha fisher ( left ) was arrested monday after allegedly smothering her 20-month-old son gavriel ortiz to death in a bathroom at a manhattan restaurant . she told police she was afraid someone was going to eat her son . the 35-year-old mother allegedly locked herself in the bathroom of 5 boro burger in midtown where she was later found holding her unconscious baby boy . she was diagnosed with schizophrenia after a 2011 stabbing . following her arrest for the murder of her baby son , the 35-year-old mother allegedly told police : ' i was afraid that someone was going to eat him so i was protecting him . i put him to sleep with my hand , ' reported the new york post . recently uncovered records show that fisher was recommended for an alternative sentencing program after pleading guilty for the 2011 stabbing of her aunt . she received a positive evaluation as recently as september , according to documents seen by the new york daily news . fisher was sentenced to probation under the center for alternative sentencing and employment services program after tasering her aunt and stabbing her in the head , arm and ear . she had been taking medication to combat her paranoid schizophrenia after being diagnosed in the aftermath of the incident , according to the new york times . the woman told clinicians that she had heard voices saying that her aunt was trying to kill her before the stabbing . in september a court-appointed social worker said that she was ' a poster child for an alternative to incarceration program ' and had ' adjusted very well to the demands of new motherhood ' . the report followed a july psychiatric evaluation where she was found ' stable and capable of remaining in the community ' . as latisha fisher was being led away from the 5 boro burger on monday , she blamed the devil for killing gavriel ortiz and then trying to stop workers who attempted to resuscitate him . she was charged with second-degree murder on tuesday . witnesses said fisher was emotionless after the death of her child . ' i would describe her as soulless . she put her hand over his mouth and smothered him , ' a police source said . a woman who walked into the bathroom monday afternoon says she saw fisher with her hand over the baby 's mouth , saying she was trying to ' make him go to sleep ' . above , investigators inside the restaurant on monday . baby gavriel was found unconscious and foaming from the mouth when restaurant workers broke into the bathroom . she claimed that she had put her hand over the boy 's nose and mouth to put him to sleep , police say . workers at the restaurant became alarmed monday afternoon when a line grew outside the restroom . when employees burst in to see what was wrong , they found gavriel in his mother 's lap - unconscious and foaming from the mouth . a male employee performed cpr until paramedics arrived - despite the mother swatting help away . unfortunately the aid was too late for the little boy who was later pronounced dead at bellevue hospital . police immediately took fisher into custody and transported her to the midtown south precinct . marcus comeau told amny that he was standing down the block when he saw fisher being led out of the restaurant by police . ' the mother was coming out in handcuffs , ' he said . ' she did n't seem too distressed , kind of had her head down . ' recent posts on her facebook page appear to show her going through an emotional period . ' how did everything change on me . i went to sleep feeling well , ' she wrote on march 27 , one day after posting a thank you to ' everyone for supporting me ' . ' with her attitude and her past , any little thing could have set her off , ' fisher 's friend brian rivera told the new york times . 'she’s good and kind until that button gets switched . i don’t know why they ever let her out again ' . gavriel was rushed to bellevue hospital but doctors could not revive the young boy . neighbors say that fisher 's older son , who has autism , was also mistreated . neighbor 's in fisher 's ( left ) lower east side apartment say she lived there with her boyfriend and father of her son luis ortiz ( father and son pictured on the right ) . she had reportedly poured burning oil onto a former partner’s head and previously tried to kill herself . neighbors in the lower east side housing project where she lives said that she and her boyfriend , gavriel 's father luis ortiz , had started fighting around halloween . other neighbors told the daily news that she was ' violent ' and that they could often smell marijuana coming from her unit . fisher spent most of her youth in group homes after setting fire to her crack-addicted mother 's sleeping boyfriend as a child . a relative said that the child welfare agency had been told about fisher 's mistreatment of her own older son , who has autism , but a complaint was dismissed because of lack of evidence . she met up with her current boyfriend , ortiz , in 2013 and had stopped drinking , only showing care for her new baby . however , after her apparent recovery , she had recently shown signs of strange behavior . mr rivera told the new york times that he saw her in her room with candles and a book on witchcraft opened tot a section on ' sacrifice ' around october last year . she had also been meeting with a man known to sell drugs . ' she needs help . it doesn’t make sense . i think she was on medication for whatever problem she had , but i’m assuming she wasn’t taking her meds , ' a neighbor said . following monday 's incident , family and friends started pouring out condolences on luis ortiz 's facebook page .