tommy connolly had n't seen his teenage cousin in 10 years when she added him on facebook out of the blue in december . the 23-year-old sunshine coast university student was enjoying semester break and training hard in the hope of one day representing australia as a champion sprinter . he messaged his 17-year-old cousin angela* ( name has been changed for legal reasons ) to see how she was doing and soon found out she was homeless , illiterate and 32 weeks pregnant . mr connolly picked her up from where she was sleeping rough on the gold coast , let her move into his flat , took care of her through the final stage of her pregnancy and is now helping to raise her four-week-old baby boy . tommy connolly , a 23-year-old sunshine coast university student , took in his homeless , pregnant 17-year-old cousin and his helping her raise her four-week-old baby boy . the 23-year-old sunshine coast university student says he did n't think twice about helping her . ' i went and picked her up and she basically started telling me about her situation , which was hard for me to hear because she was my favourite little cousin when i was growing up , ' he told daily mail australia . ' to my knowledge she was ok ... but in reality she was n't at all . ' basically she was living on the streets , she became addicted to ice and was doing terrible things to get by . she did n't have anything . ' mr connolly said angela – whose last year of schooling was year six – had stopped taking hard drugs by the time she was 15 but at 16 she fell pregnant , and her baby 's father was sent to prison soon afterward . by the time mr connolly met up with her she was 32 weeks pregnant , and he said he did n't think twice about taking her in . ' it 's not her fault she 's just a little girl who needed help , ' he said . angela ( not her real name ) added mr connolly on facebook after they had n't seen each other in 10 years . ' obviously i 'm not going to let her stay on the streets . ' everyone likes to tell me this is such a big responsibility , but i was n't thinking about uni or work or anything , all i was doing was thinking that she needed me . ' because mr connolly was on university holidays at the time he had been working full time in his job at a fruit and vegetable wholesaler and he had saved $ 2800 , just enough to cover the cost of moving into a new house and buying items for the baby . he put his athletics training on hold so he could work enough hours to save money , but he returned to university as normal at the beginning of march because he did n't want to delay his studies . mr connolly ( pictured in the u.s. while studying there in 2013 ) still studies and works three days per week to support the three of them . when angela gave birth to her baby joshua* ( name has been changed ) on march 17 , he was finishing off university assignments due the next day in the hospital waiting room . ' i went into uni the day after , i had n't slept but i needed to do a presentation , ' he said . now that joshua is four weeks old , mr connolly continues to go to class and is working three days per week to support the three of them . and while many other 23-year-olds would rather be spending their spare time partying with friends or travelling , he says he does n't mind the impact that looking after angela and joshua is having on his social life . ' my closest mates are from training , so they 're athletes , and they do n't go out all the time , ' he said . ' most of the time they work , train and study , so i 'm around a good crew of people . ' his brother liam has started a gofundme fundraising page in an effort to make mr connolly , angela and joshua 's financial situation more stable . mr connolly said that , since sharing his story online , he has been getting messages from people all over australia congratulating him for what he is doing . the champion sprinter says he does n't mind the impact of his social life , as most of his friends are athletes and do n't spend their spare time partying . ' i know what i 've done is a really good thing but i feel guilty i 'm getting all this attention , ' he said . ' we 've had all these messages which has made us realise there are so many other people in this situation , i do n't want people to think it 's a unique thing . ' i ca n't believe how many people have been in these shoes before , and have had no help or support when they were pregnant . ' mr connolly added that he was n't worried about how his situation would affect his plans to start his own family one day . ' growing up everyone thinks about that stuff but you ca n't control that sort of stuff , it 's not something that came into my head , ' he said . ' at first when joshua came into the world i did n't have an emotional attachment , all i was doing was looking after angela . ' but i really do care for him and in a way he is my kid , i 've taken on the father role as you 'd imagine . ' angela does 90 per cent of the work – and if it 's one or two years of my life i have to put on hold to make sure two lives are going to be saved it 's nothing at all . ' ' if it 's one or two years of my life i have to put on hold to make sure two lives are going to be saved it 's nothing at all , ' said mr connolly , pictured with his friend and fellow athlete olivia tauro .