a woman gave birth in her office toilet before quietly returning to her desk with the newborn baby wrapped in two sealed bags , and put it in her desk drawer . kim pappas , 25 , was two hours into her working day at ceva logistics in wyandotte , michigan , on march 31 when she disappeared to the bathroom to deliver the boy - and cut the umbilical cord with cuticle scissors . nobody knew she was pregnant . charged : kim pappas , 25 , has been charged with premeditated murder after giving birth in her office toilet then wrapping her baby boy in a plastic bag and secretly putting him in her desk drawer . the baby died . her attempt at secrecy , however , was foiled minutes later when two employees went to the restroom , which was covered in blood . returning to the office of the freight management company they saw traces of blood on pappas ' clothing , and found the lifeless infant wrapped up at her feet . pappas has been charged with premeditated murder . according to fox , workers went to the bathroom after hearing moaning and crying - but pappas had already left . they alerted emergency services and went round every employee . noticing the blood on pappas , she was questioned and they searched her desk . it was not until they discovered the baby in the drawer that she admitted what had happened . shock : nobody at ceva logistics , michigan , knew pappas was pregnant until they saw blood in the cubicle . court : pappas appeared in court on friday via videolink to be arraigned . she has been denied bail . the child was sealed inside a plastic bag , which was wrapped in a tote bag . he showed no signs of life at the office and was later pronounced dead in hospital . it is believed he was in the bag for between 15 and 30 minutes , according to the detroit free press . initially , pappas claimed she had a miscarriage but an autopsy suggests the baby died by suffocation . pappas appeared via video link in court on friday to be arraigned . she is facing charges of felony murder , premeditated murder and first-degree child abuse , and has been denied bail , the free press reported .