with the cost of a christening hitting upwards of £300 , parents are looking for ways to baptise their baby on a budget . and , as always , asda is on hand to help . hot on the heels of releasing its budget bridesmaid range , the supermarket giant has unveiled garments for babies being christened . george at asda has created its ' luxury christening range ' just in time for the birth of the royal baby - and say its gowns and rompers allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price . scroll down for video . research has revealed that the average price of a christening has hit £300 . in response , george at asda has unveiled a budget range of outfits starting from just £4 inspired by prince george . the range came to fruition on the back of a survey carried out by the supermarket revealing the average amount spent on a christening is now upwards of £300 , with 63 per cent of families concerned about the spiraling costs . invites , celebratory venues , food and entertainment all add hundreds of pounds , so the retailer says it hopes to slash the budget on expensive clothing , with items starting at just £4 . the collection includes an embroidered dress , lace collar gown , sateen romper , lace trim socks and bow ballet shoes in traditional whites and creams as well as baby blues and pinks . george at asda has created its ' luxury christening range ' just in time for the birth of the royal baby - and say its gowns and rompers , pictured , which cost £15 , allow mothers to buy a traditional christening outfit for a fraction of the price . after discovering that 63 per cent of families are concerned about the spiraling costs of a christening , asda created this range of outfits , including this £15 romper inspired by prince george . a full outfit for the baby’s big day costs just £20 at asda and in anticipation of the royal birth , asda has also launched a new regal-inspired gold cot for £69 and prince/princess babygros for £2.50 . a spokesperson for the chain said : ' with celebration ceremonies such as weddings , christenings and confirmations escalating in price year on year , we have noticed a demand for children’s occasion wear both in store and online . ' our recent flower girl and page boy collection has resonated extremely well with families and so with the upcoming birth of the royal baby and another christening in the pipeline , we wanted to provide a range to give parents the option of remaining within their budgets , while still providing traditional , luxury garments that you expect to see at christenings . ' the new christening collection will be available for girls and boys from tiny babies through to 24 months . launching online on george.com and in-store today , asda is the first supermarket to offer this dedicated christening shop to its customers . the collection includes an embroidered dress , left , £8 , lace collar gown , sateen romper , lace trim socks and bow ballet shoes in traditional whites and creams as well as baby blues and pinks . shoes for the special day will set you back just £4 and asda say their range is the cheapest on the high street . 