lady penelope ( left ) and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker ( right ) have been given slight tweaks for the 2015 remake of thunderbirds . five . four . three . two . one . thunderbirds are go ! again ! yes , 50 years after the futuristic puppet show launched and landed all over the world , itv is bringing it back . however , the jerky puppets that rescued the world from all kinds of disaster have been replaced by computer-generated figures . in a nod to 21st-century political correctness , there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added . geeky scientist brains has lost his bow tie for an open-neck shirt and has been given an indian accent . even lady penelope and her faithful chauffeur aloysius parker have been given slight tweaks for 2015 . lady penelope is this time voiced by gone girl actress rosamund pike . she has also lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern , dressed down lady secret agent . parker , meanwhile , returns with his original voice , that of 89-year-old david graham , but has dropped his chauffeur uniform and sports a roll-neck sweater . his new look is completed by swept-back , grey-streaked hair . thunderbirds aired here between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 . there were 32 50-minute episodes over two series , shown in 66 countries . the show spawned a merchandising frenzy , with more than 3,000 thunderbirds products , from puppets and lunchboxes to t-shirts , so much so that december 1966 was dubbed thunderbirds christmas . this is not , however the first attempt at a remake . thunderbirds , a 2004 working title film with real actors ( including ben kingsley as arch-villain the hood ) , was an unmitigated disaster , losing almost £20 million at the box office . even gerry anderson , the show’s co-creator , called it ‘ the biggest load of c**p’ he had seen and rejected an offer of £400,000 for just going to the premiere . ‘ remaking something as iconic as thunderbirds means that your feelings of excitement are mixed with apprehension because you don’t want to do anything to tarnish it , ’ says giles ridge , the show’s executive producer . ‘ we didn’t want to mess too much with thunderbirds but needed to make it in a way that would excite 21st-century children . ’ in a nod to 21st-century political correctness , there are also more women and several multicultural characters have been added . as with the original , at the heart of thunderbirds are the five gung-ho tracy brothers , all named after real astronauts on america’s mercury space mission in the early 1960s : scott ( carpenter ) , john ( glenn ) , virgil ( grissom ) , gordon ( cooper ) and alan ( shephard ) . their mission is to save the world through their secret organisation international rescue . inspired by their widower billionaire father jeff , ( a stalwart of the original series but missing in this ) they live on tracy island in the middle of the south pacific in 2065 . lady penelope ( pictured as a puppet ) has lost the twin-set and pearls and looks a much more modern , dressed down lady secret agent in the new remake . when they hear of trouble anywhere on the planet their swimming pool slides open to allow a rocket ( thunderbird 1 ) to take off . there are also an aircraft carrier , submarine and spaceship based on the island . the original show was made on a factory estate in slough , berkshire , on a shoestring budget , but the new production team spans the globe . main writer rob hoegee is in los angeles but watches script readings on skype . peter jackson’s animation workshop weta in new zealand made the 26 episodes ( a further 26 are already commissioned ) using a mixture of live action and computer graphics . despite all the new technology , the backgrounds are models , including an 18ft-high tracy island . gerry anderson and his wife sylvia came up with thunderbirds after a mining disaster in west germany in 1963 . on the original show everyone had to multi-task ; for sylvia that meant voicing lady penelope , international rescue’s london agent . rosamund pike says she didn’t hesitate when she was offered the role . ‘ as soon as itv asked me , ’ she says , ‘ i knew it would be very exciting . ‘ lady penelope often plays up to the frivolous elements of who she is — a girl who loves clothes , pink cars , little dogs — to blindside people and conceal what she really is up to at any given point that is usually breaking in somewhere she shouldn’t be , finding secrets in dangerous situations . ’ her car is no longer a rolls ( no brands are used in children’s television programmes now ) , but thankfully she still has parker . ‘ the producers met me for coffee , ’ says david graham . ‘ i think they wanted to see what sort of shape i’m in , but i was thrilled to be able to recreate this character . parker was originally just a minor character , but he eventually became gerry’s favourite . ’ parker returns with his original voice , that of 89-year-old david graham , but has dropped his chauffeur uniform ( pictured ) and now sports a roll-neck sweater with swept-back , grey-streaked hair . parker has retained his distinctive cockney-trying-to-be-snooty accent . david says : ‘ gerry took me to lunch and said : “ i want you to listen to the wine waiter . ” so the waiter came over and asked if we would like to see the wine list and he just had this great accent . i’m not sure he knew we modelled the voice on him . ’ there has been a concerted effort to increase the female and multicultural roles in the show to make it appeal to aspirational girls and boys of all races . merlin actress angel coulby plays kayo , an ‘ adopted little sister’ to the tracy brothers who is in charge of security for tracy island . former casualty actress adjoa andoh voices colonel casey , commanding officer of the global defence force . thunderbirds aired here between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 . there were 32 50-minute episodes over two series , shown in 66 countries . 