model ciara nugent may benefit from the right to buy scheme being extended to housing association tenants as her mother plans to buy her a property . housing association tenants paying cheap rent to live in homes worth millions could get the chance to buy them at discounted prices under new right-to-buy plans . a number of people are currently paying around £150 a week to live in flats in exclusive parts of mayfair and covent garden in london which are owned by housing associations and are now worth several million . under conservative plans to give tenants the chance to own their own homes , people living in these plush properties could now get the chance to buy them with discounts of up to £102,000 in london , after living in them for cheaper rents . the properties form part of affordable housing because of agreements with developers to provide low-cost provisions when new developments are built over a certain size . many of them were built years ago in areas which have now become expensive and are worth millions of pounds . this enables tenants to occupy properties worth at least £1million for cheap rents , and many tenancies go unreviewed if circumstances change . however the value of the housing stock has raised questions over whether they should be sold to fund more housing . an investigation by the sunday times found that 10 properties owned by the peabody housing association in london are located in the expensive areas of mayfair and covent garden - and are worth between £1million and £2.2million . the house used in the recent paddington bear film , in primrose hill , is also owned as affordable housing . philomena nugent , who lives in one of the peabody flats in drury lane , told the newspaper she plans to buy her property for her pregnant daughter , ciara nugent , a model based in new york . scroll down for video . one housing , which owns 15,000 properties in london , said around 750 of these were worth more than £1million . under plans proposed by the conservatives the right to buy will be extended to 1.3million homes , occupied by 2.75million people . it is aimed at giving more people the opportunity to own their own homes and every house sold will be replaced on a one-for-one basis . but housing associations have opposed the proposals to sell their costly buildings at discounted prices , saying it will mean while individual tenants may benefit there will be no affordable housing left for people who need it most . housing associations own expensive properties , such as a house used in the paddington film in primrose hill . paddington bear was filmed in an exclusive part of primrose hill , a property owned by a housing association . they have also said owning property which has recently risen in value allows them to finance future developments . national housing federation director ruth davison recently branded the scheme the ' wrong ' solution to the housing crisis . she said : ' halfway through a programme of austerity and in the grips of a housing crisis , if you had £20 billion of taxpayers ' money , would you just give it away as a gift to some of the most securely housed people in the country on some of the lowest rents ? ' the original right-to-buy scheme saw more than 1.5million council homes being sold off at discounted rates , and became one of margaret thatcher 's best known policies . at the moment housing associations , which receive public money and loans to provide affordable housing , are exempt from the scheme . around 800,000 people have a ' limited right to acquire ' , and are eligible for maximum discounts of £16,000 . some tenants who are currently paying around £150 a week to live in the expensive london districts are keen to take advantage of the right-to-buy plans to try and buy their properties . however some insist even with the discount of up to £102,000 in london they will still be unable to buy their homes . how does right-to-buy work ? introduced in 1980 , it gives council house tenants discounts to buy their home . labour dropped its opposition to the policy but , in 1999 , tony blair 's government cut the top discount from £50,000 to £38,000 and sales slowed . what has the coalition done ? it has sought to reinvigorate the scheme , cutting from five to three the number of years tenants need to have been in a home before they can buy it and upping the discounts to a maximum of £77,000 for most areas . are housing association tenants covered ? housing associations – autonomous , not-for-profit bodies that receive public money and loans from the private sector to provide low-cost homes – are largely exempt . however , around 800,000 ha tenants have a limited ' right to acquire ' with discounts capped at between £9,000 to £16,000 . the other 500,000 tenants lack any right to buy . what are the tory proposals ? they would legislate to give all housing association tenants full right-to-buy . tenants in houses would get a 35 per cent discount , increasing by 1 per cent for every extra year they have been a tenant . those in flats will get a 50 per cent discount , going up 2 per cent every year . discounts for houses and flats would be capped at the lower of 70 per cent or £102,700 in london and £77,000 across the rest of england . how will this be paid for ? the tories say they will make councils sell off expensive properties when they become vacant . council homes that rank in the most costly third of all properties of that type in their area will be sold off . around 15,000 such properties become vacant each year , because tenants die or move . the sell-off could net £4.5billion a year . what about the proceeds ? they will be split , with a proportion used to replace on a 'one-to-one ' basis the council homes sold off . the new properties would be more affordable , probably in less expensive locations , and could be built either by a council or housing association . another slice of the proceeds would be used to fund the new right-to-buy discounts for housing association tenants . the rest would go to create a £1billion fund , enabling councils to bid for cash to develop brownfield land for housing . it would enable them to clean up derelict or contaminated land , and could lead to 400,000 new homes in five years , tories say .  