czech immigrants were trafficked into the uk by a roma family on the promise of a ' better life ' were forced to work for free and sleep in cupboards , a court was told . the victims were lured to britain but were ' treated like dogs ' - being made to urinate in buckets and live and eat outside in winter , prosecutors say . the jury heard how the workers were kept under duress amid fears for the safety of their families back home and sent to work in dog food factories , food plants and car washes in plymouth , devon . but they were made to give over all their wages , forced to eat outside during the winter and do housework to pay off ' loans ' for their board and passage , a jury heard . accused : petr tancos ( left ) and sister ruzena tancosova ( right ) are on trial for people trafficking in plymouth . the allegations of their shocking treatment were made during a trial of five family members at plymouth crown court . ruzena tancosova , 34 , brother petr tancos , 35 , cousin martin tancos , 35 , nela dzurkova , 26 , and katerina kurejova , 35 , all of plymouth , are charged with people trafficking . all deny the charges . police say victims would be threatened with violence by the gang who pocketed their wages and benefits - believed to be around £150,000 - and even made them shoplift . malcolm galloway , for the crown prosecution service , said the five defendants , all members of an extended czech roma family , brought the immigrants over . he said a neighbour also saw one standing by and directing one of the men to cut grass with a kitchen knife . he said : ' these defendants entered into a criminal agreement to traffick other czech nationals into the uk and then exploit them for financial benefit . ' mr galloway said : ' they ( the immigrants ) came with a promise of good pay , a job and a future . ' mr galloway said the family used various methods to exploit the men - including for example putting a notice on the toilet door charging £1 for its use . but the court heard that the men were also threatened with violence if they failed to comply . he said : ' they would put them up in their houses in plymouth . the czech nationals would sometimes have to sleep on the floor , outside in the garage . ' they would have to urinate in buckets and eat outside . ' he added that police started surveillance after two immigrants went to the authorities . officers then searched their properties on september 16 last year . the court heard one man , josef bukovinsky , told police he had been ' living with the gypsies ' in the czech republic before he was ' sold to ruzena ' ( tancosova ) . on trial : nela dzurkova ( left ) and katerina kurejova ( right ) are part of a roma family accused of illegally trafficking czech migrants into the uk and ' treating them like dogs ' . mr galloway said he was one of 11 men who lived with tancosova in less than three years at a former address in plymouth . all five defendants are charged with conspiracy to traffic individuals into the country for the purpose of exploitation between april 6 , 2013 , and september 16 , 2014 . tancosova , petr tancos and dzurkova are also charged with the same offence again but applying to an earlier period between january 1 , 2010 , and april 5 , 2013 . tancosova and martin tancos are further accused of acting as gangmasters in supplying workers to pack agricultural products . tancosova and petr tancos also allegedly required a person to perform forced or compulsory labour between 2010 and 2014 . mr galloway told the trial that tancos was seen by neighbours at different addresses to supervise the immigrants . he said a neighbour of tancos and partner and co-defendant nela dzurkova spotted three men apparently living in their garage . the woman told police she saw dzurkova passing food out of the kitchen window to men who stood in the garden of the house eating from trays in winter . he said : ' she also saw petr tancos standing by and directing one of the men to cut the grass with a kitchen knife . ' he said the man was on his hands and knees . mr galloway said the neighbour noticed that petr tancos encouraged his children to throw stones at the men . she estimated that between 10 and 12 men lived at the home at different times . mr galloway said another immigrant , miroslav ritter , stayed with petr tancos and dzurkova at their last address . he added : ' he slept , in his words , like a dog under the window in the living room , in a gap between the table and window . ' he slept on the carpet with a blanket and a pillow . ' jan banyak told police he stayed at the home of martin tancos and kurejova and £600 a month in rent to sleep on the kitchen floor . mr banyak believed that he earned about £250 a week working in a factory , but he did not know where the money went . he only received about £10 from martin tancos . mr galloway said : ' he told the police they usually had to eat outside . there were 10 of them and katerina kurejova did not want them inside as there were only two rooms . they eat mostly tinned food . ' he added that when police raided the address , they found two other men sleeping on mattresses , under the stairs and in the kitchen . mr galloway said tancosova , who had four bank accounts , pocketed £86,517 in benefits over four years and eight months . he added : ' the credit turnover for the accounts , including benefit payments , amounted to £148,923 . ' mr galloway said police had not been able to trace everyone they suspected of staying at the rented homes of the family . the trial continues .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .