ufc light-heavyweight jon jones is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-and-run accident on sunday morning , amid reports police found marijuana in his car . the 27-year-old is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman , according to albuquerque pd spokesman simon drobik . the pregnant woman was sent to hospital with ‘ non life-threatening injuries’ , drobnik said following a collision with another vehicle . if jones is found to have caused the accident , he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the 20-something woman . today it emerged police investigating the crash discovered marijuana and a pipe to smoke the drug in the fighter 's car , according to tmz . ufc light-heavyweight jon jones is currently wanted as a suspect in connection with a hit-and-run accident . jones ( left ) , pictured against daniel cormier in january , is facing a misdemeanour hit-and-run charge related to an accident involving a pregnant woman - according to albuquerque police department . if jones ( left ) is found to have caused the accident , he would be liable for damages to the vehicles involved and medical costs of the pregnant woman after she was taken to hospital with ' non life-threatening injuries ' . ‘ the case has progressed and he [ jones ] is now our suspect in the the hit and run that happened earlier this morning involving a pregnant female , ’ drobik said . ‘ we are now definitely looking at him as a suspect . ’ jones has a history of drugs usage after he tested positive for cocaine metabolites ahead of his fight against daniel cormier in january . the 27-year-old underwent treatment at a drug facility as a result of testing positive for benzoylecgonine in the out-of-competition test but the substance is not on the banned list . jones passed a similar test a week later . the ufc released a statement sunday night that read : ‘ we are aware that the albuquerque police department is interested in speaking to jon jones regarding his possible involvement in a motor vehicle accident . ‘ we are in the process of gathering facts and will reserve further comment until more information is available . ’ jones ( left ) is scheduled to defend his light-heavyweight title against contender anthony johnson on may 23 . earlier on sunday , the albuquerque pd posted on social media it could not confirm jones’ involvement in a hit-and-run incident , but stated an investigation was ongoing . jones is currently scheduled to defend his 205-pound title against anthony johnson next month at ufc 187 . at present the ufc has not announced any change to their card for the las vegas bout on may 23 - with johnson’s manager , glenn robinson , telling espn.com that the 31-year-old has not been informed of any opponent alteration . jones ( left ) poses with johnson as he attempts to mount his ninth successful defence of a title .