a new york-based documentary photographer has spent three years traveling the u.s. photographing and interviewing gay veterans and servicemen to share their stories of suppression , sadness and silence in a moving photo essay . vincent cianni , 63 , said he embarked on the project , gays in the military , to better understand why homosexuals would enlist in the military to begin with ; voluntarily signing up for a system that did , and in many ways still does , oppress them . ' it seems i spent most of my life uninterested in knowing about the military because i supported peace , the fight to end violence and injustice , and the sanctity of life , ' the photographer told vice . ' i could n't understand why anyone would join the military , much less why gay people would join the military , an organization that shunned them . ' pieced together , cianni 's photos show commonalities between the subjects despite their different journeys , from a 92-year-old ww2 veteran to young soldiers who recently returned from afghanistan . many were discharged because of their sexuality , others were raped , assaulted and bullied , causing ongoing psychological damage . a major turning point for gay people in the military came in 2011 with the overturning of dont ask do n't tell ( dadt ) , a discouraging policy signed by bill clinton in 1993 that continued a ban on gay soldiers enlisting , but stopped investigations and ' witch hunts ' into whether soldiers were gay . the bill was designed to protect the soldiers by keeping their sexuality a secret , however it forced them into the closet and further internalized their struggles . gay and in the military : zachary werth ( left ) , says he was discharged from the army national guard in 2010 because of his sexuality , while his boyfriend , dustin hiersekorn ( right ) left the marine corps due to medical reasons . they are one of the couples who appear in gays in the military , a stunning photo essay by vincent cianni documenting the stories of homosexual soldiers . veteran : paul goercke , of san francisco , is a world war ii veteran who served in okinawa , hawaii and saipan , said there was ' no evidence of gay life ' when he enlisted with the merchant marines when he was 18 . ' the person i was dating was older than me and had been in the navy quite a bit longer . she grew up under the old regime where there were active witch hunts to catch gay people in the act to get them out . i learned that culture and i was terrified the whole time i was in , ' says heather davies ( left ) , of round rock , texas . she was a lieutenant in the us navy from 1989 to 1998 . togetherness : matt mccary ( right ) was arrested in 2000 after being singled out by a fellow airman . he was discharged from the us air force within five days . david cochenic ( left ) received navy and marine corps commendation medal , and navy and marine corps achievement medal . the two were photographed in orange park , florida . ' i was eighteen when i joined the united states marine corps in 1989 . because it was pre-do n't ask , do n't tell , the questions were asked about sexual orientation . i already knew i was gay , but i was consciously trying to suppress it , ' says eric alva , of san antonio , texas . he was the first us military casualty in operation iraqi freedom in 2004 . ' i wanted to think about kissing her , but i tried very desperately to force it out of my mind . i became obsessive about running and dieting ; the more i exhausted my body , the less energy i would have to think about that , ' reveals debra fowler , of lowell , massachusetts . she was a korean linguist in the us army from 1986 to 1988 . 'i’m like everybody else . i have a job . i have a career . i want the same things : a home , family , everything else . i’m not any different . ' don bramer , of washington , dc , a lieutenant o-3 in the us navy , says . he has served since 2002 and is still serving . before dadt , which was enacted in 1993 , homosexual behavior was considered a criminal offense within the military . ' in many cases , the people i interviewed and photographed had no recourse to their discharge , ' cianni said . ' at times , their entire record of serving in the military was expunged as if it never happened . ' participating in the project served to regain their dignity and their history of serving . ' during the interviews they revisited difficult experiences , sometimes experiences they had forgotten about . ' it was an emotional catharsis for many of them . ' gays in the military was published by daylight books in may 2014 . it is archived at the david m. rubestein rare book and manuscript library at duke university and is available as an exhibition and multi-media installation . ' i was three years old the first time i had a sexual experience with my grandmother . that continued until i was 17 years old . when i was eight years old , my stepdad and step-granddad started sexually abusing me , and in rather horrible ways . i’m ptsd from vietnam . i also have cancer from agent orange exposure . i’ve been hiv positive since 1987 , full-blown aids since 1994 , and i have hepatitis c since 1989 . dying is not my responsibility ; it’s part of nature . i recognize not all battles can be won , ' says bert bares , of houston , texas . he served three tours of duty in vietnam - receiving numerous commendations including the purple heart and the bronze star . ' i left the navy to be with someone . it would not have worked out well . i would have been faced with periodic deployments given my specialty , and ( my partner ) did n't like the deployments , so i decided to leave . it 's difficult to hide a gay relationship . when you 're single , the fifth senior officer on the ship , and always being the one who shows up alone at formal functions , it 's difficult to maintain a charade . i grew accustomed to the fear of what would happen if i were caught . but i also knew that if something did happen , i would not ever admit that i was gay , ' larry baxley says . the washington , d.c. , -native resigned from the navy in 2005 . ' as far as actually getting into a real gay relationship , that did n't come until the military . in the officer basic course there was an attraction between me and another woman but it never became a whole lot ; the circumstances were not right . when i was at fort mcclellan was really when i started acting on my sexuality . when i left mcclellan , i went to fort ritchie and had a relationship with the company commander . i was the executive officer . we had a relationship only until she was reassigned , ' says nancy russell , of san antonio , texas . she is a retired lieutenant colonel of the us army . ' i experienced one major relationship with a navy lieutenant from arkansas . he was very good in the bed department . i took him home to meet my parents . one time he was staying with us in the country and he told me he was getting married ; it was a girl he 'd known all his life . it upset me ; it came too unexpected , ' will chandlee revealed . he was pictured in philadelphia . he joined the u.s. marine corps in 1945 . he is a world war ii veteran . ' my mother signed for me when i was 17 . the papers came and the last two questions on the form had to do with , `` have you ever engaged in sexual relations with a person of the same sex , yes or no ? '' and if yes , `` were you the active or passive partner ? '' and then they defined sodomy , ' says travis , of chicago , who joined the navy in 1963 . ' when do n't ask , do n't tell went away , it felt like a weight lifted off my shoulders . i used to joke with my family that i 'm going to need counseling after i retire because i would n't have to be in the closet . i am beginning to feel all the years of not being me coming to a head . sometimes the tears fall and i ca n't stop them , ' says joanna gasca , of surprise , arizona . she joined the air force in 1983 . ' in 1968 , everybody was in the closet , inside the military or outside the military . if you were found out , shipmates would throw you overboard just on general principle . if you lived , you were dishonorably discharged . you were ruined because in those days you could n't ever get a job doing anything with that kind of discharge , ' says danny meyer , pictured in his apartment in the bronx , new york . he joined the navy in 1968 . ' i felt an attraction to men ever since i was five years old , but i 've always wanted to serve . being in the military was a way for me to make a better life for myself , ' says charles a. maxwell , of decatur , georgia , who joined the air force in 1985 . ' i have been gay all my life . i realized that this was something that i held within myself . i did n't tell anybody what i was feeling . i just kept it inside , ' revealed ray chism , of the bronx , new york . he was discharged on suspicion of being homosexual in 1984 .