west ham united 's on-loan barcelona midfielder alex song has picked his # one2eleven of stars he played alongside throughout his career , on the fantasy football club on sky sports . song , who has also played for arsenal as well as representing cameroon at international level , has picked a mixture of talent in his squad . watch # one2eleven every friday evening on the fantasy football club , sky sports 1 or catch up on demand . goalkeeper : carlos kameni . he could have played at one of the top teams in the premier league . when i was playing for the ( cameroon ) national team he would just say , ' just score and i will do the rest ' . for me he is the best ' keeper . alex song believes cameroon goalkeeper carlos kameni could have played in the premier league . right-back : dani alves . this guy is unbelievable . he plays like a joke . he makes things look so easy when he is going forward and his delivery is unbelievable . centre-back : carlos puyol . he is a character player because he never gives up . every time you need character , you want players to be like him . when he says ' vamos ' at training , that 's it , you have to wake up . he gives you motivation to come to training and is such a great professional . he is a captain and a leader . centre-back : rigobert song . he has the same character like puyol . when i was young i was always watching him play . when you have this guy behind you , you do n't have a lot of room . you will have a very bad night . every time you would play for the national side people would say , ' you have to play like rigobert song ' because they know he never gives up and shows a fighting spirit . song believes rigobert song is a similar character to carlos puyol so makes his fantasy football club xi . left-back : jordi alba . jordi is like a small bike because he never stops running . he 's very good with the feet as well . every time he looks ( to go ) forward and attack . midfieler : xavi . xavi is an unbelievable player . he gives you the tempo of the game . when you have this guy in the middle he sees everywhere ( on the pitch ) and always plays a good ball . he also knows how to slow the game down . midfieler : andres iniesta . iniesta is the magician . for one player it could be hard , but for him it 's easy . i see him training every single day , he was unbelievable . when i went to barcelona i was training with him but i could n't get the ball off him . song has room for spanish midfielder andres iniesta in his side for the magician 's magic touch . midfielder : cesc fabregas . he is one of the most clever players i have played against . for him , he sees everywhere and gives a good delivery . i know he is a quality player . he 's done it at arsenal and barcelona so i was not surprised to see him come back to the premier league with chelsea . striker : neymar . he 's just 23 and he has achieved so much at this age . when he came from brazil people did n't think he would adapt to european football , but for him it 's easy . i think he is doing very , very well . he is fast and knows how to dribble . i 'm sure he will do well in the premier league as well because he has the ability . barcelona 's brazilian winger neymar has earned himself a starting spot in song 's fantasy football club xi . striker : thierry henry . thierry is the king . we played away against real madrid in the champions league and he scored that goal . striker : lionel messi . messi is the best player i have seen in my life . there is nothing to say because he is just a genius . he is just 27 and has a lot of time to achieve so much more . when he comes into training , he just does n't lose the ball . and when he loses in training , he is upset and that 's what makes him such a special player . song poses with his fantasy football club xi which includes a whopping nine barcelona players .