hollywood screen icon lauren bacall 's carefully-collected personal mementos fetched $ 3.64 million on the auction block at bonhams new york earlier this week . there were hundreds of items up for grabs at the two-day sale , which came to an end on wednesday - including housewares , furniture , fine art , jewelry and clothing - and every single one of them found a buyer , a spokesperson for the auction house confirmed . bacall , one of hollywood 's great golden age actresses , died in august aged 89 in her nine-room home overlooking new york 's central park , which is also on the market for $ 26 million . rest in peace : lauren bacall , pictured circa 1950 , died of a stroke in new york last august at the age of 89 . old school glamor : bacall , pictured in her manhattan apartment in 1969 , bought the home for just $ 48,000 and it 's currently on the market for $ 26 million . among the most valuable items purchased during the auction were a hand-colored etching by naturalist john james audubon american white pelican , which fetched an impressive $ 173,000 , three times more than was expected , bonhams said in a statement . from the humphrey bogart years , before he died from cancer in 1957 , was his black granite games table and a pair of silver candelabras from the couple 's marital home in los angeles . the table brought in $ 26,250 - almost nine times the estimated value . buyers also snapped up albert edward york 's oil paintings landscape with trees and a country fence together for $ 161,000 , while another purchased a henry moore sculpture three-quarter mother and child on round base for $ 118,750 , the auctioneers said . other items included indian miniatures , a japanese portable brass tea set and a marble table inscribed with ' in the name of allah ' in arabic calligraphy . a piece of history : this enamel , cultured pearl and diamond broach ( r ) , by jewelry designer elizabeth gage , sold for $ 23,750 . it was worn by bacall at the premiere of meet joe black in 1998 ( l ) . shine bright : two 18-karat bracelets ( r ) , one of which features diamonds , worn by bacall when she starred in a dozen deadly roses ( l ) , sold for more than $ 30,000 each . and from bacall 's collection of precious gems and jewels , her tiffany necklace sold for $ 52,500 and another 18-karat gold bracelet went for $ 50,000 . bacall 's grand central park-facing apartment , which is currently on the market , spans approximately 100 feet and boats several bedrooms , a library and seven fireplaces . and while the sprawling manhattan home is estimated to be worth an impressive $ 26 million , the husky-voiced actress bought the property , in the city 's exclusive dakota building , for just $ 48,000 in 1961 and lived there with her three children for the rest of her life . the dakota also counted john lennon and his wife yoko ono as residents , and it was outside that building on december 8 , 1980 , that mark david chapman shot the beatles legend dead . other neighbors of bacall included boris karloff , judy holliday and roberta flack . in a 2011 vanity fair article , the apartment was described as ' cavernous ' , with a wood-trimmed parlor and huge windows that ' overlook central park , 30 feet above the tree line ' . house and home : hundreds of items from bacall 's expansive three-bedroom manhattan property were included in the auction , from furniture to art . personal touch : many of the pieces which will go up for sale were clearly identified as having belonged to bacall , including this director 's chair . bacall married fellow actor humphrey bogart , 25 years her senior , in 1945 at the age of 20 . he died of throat cancer in 1957 . she married her second husband actor jason robards in 1961 , but the couple divorced in 1969 . as for the rest of her fortune - built up from a lifetime of lucrative films and her marriage to bogart - almost all of bacall 's estate will be split among her three children , sam robards and his half-siblings stephen humphrey bogart and leslie bogart . sam , 53 , is an actor , while stephen , 65 , is a news producer and leslie , 58 , is a yoga instructor . bacall also left $ 250,000 to each of her grandsons , according to the new york daily news . the first item in bacall 's will - filed in a rush order at manhattan surrogate’s court in august - left $ 10,000 for sam to take care of her beloved spaniel , sophie . precious jewels : the auction included a number of unique accessories , including this collection of costume jewelry . style star : former model bacall was known to be one new york 's most fashionable women , and several of her most iconic pieces , from designers like ralph lauren and chanel , were up for auction . dear husband : this hartmann steamer trunk , which bears bogart 's initials , was sold for $ 47,500 . a sum of $ 15,000 was also left to isla hernandez , who worked as the former model 's maid for the last 14 years . 'it’s wonderful - i never thought she would do something for me , ' ms hernandez , a honduran immigrant , told the new york post shortly after the news was revealed . another staffer , maria santos , was left $ 20,000 . bacall was sure to stress that her family keep some of her items private , even if the majority were put up for auction . ' i request that my children respect my wish to keep private certain personal letters , writings , diaries and other papers or memorabilia , ' she wrote in her will . bacall was born betty joan perske in brooklyn in 1924 . she attended the american academy of dramatic arts , alongside kirk douglas , and supported herself by working as an usherette and a model . happy couple : bacall married bogart , 25 years her senior , in 1945 at the age of 20 . he died of throat cancer in 1957 . the couple are pictured together in the 1950s . career-driven couple : bogart and bacall , pictured in the 1950s , appeared in a number of movies together and were renowned for their incredible on-screen chemistry . filled with art : bacall poses in 1979 at her home , the mementos of her life on show behind her . it was her work in modeling which led to her real career breakthrough : she was spotted by diana vreeland , then fashion editor of harper’s bazaar , who saw a unique spark in the young bacall and immediately began working with her . bacall soon appeared on the cover of harper 's , catching the attention of the celebrated director , howard hawks shortly after . it was hawks who made the decision to change bacall’s name to lauren , when he took a chance on the inexperienced starlet , casting her in his adaption of hemingway’s tale , to have and have not . bacall , who was then only 19-years-old , was reportedly so nervous about the role , her head shook involuntarily , so she tilted her chin down to steady herself , with the result being that she looked up at the camera . however it was this unusual style of delivery , combined with the script’s many innuendos , that proved to be a winning formula , sparking a decades-long career in both television and film .