on her son 's first birthday , taniya astbury expects to shed a tear of joy - as it 's a day she thought she 'd never see . her little boy defied the odds - as well as doctors ' warnings - that he had no chance of survival . benjamin was born 12 weeks early , weighing 1lb 3oz , little more than a bag of sugar . he suffered five cardiac arrests and was born with a bowel problem requiring two emergency operations . benjamin astbury , who doctors said would not survive after he was born , has defied the odds and is about to celebrate his first birthday . he is pictured here with mother tanyia , 36 . when he was born 12 weeks early , benjamin weighed just 1lb 30z , little more than a bag of sugar . at one point he had such severe breathing problems he was put into a paralysed state for six days while doctors tried to save his life . he was given just a 10 per cent chance of surviving , and his parents were told on many occasions he was too weak to live . but benjamin battled on and has defied medics to approach his first birthday , and although he is still underweight at 13lbs , is thriving at home with his family . his mother mrs astbury , 36 , from buckley , north wales , said his survival shows ' miracles do happen ' . ' there are times when my husband steven and i have been absolutely distraught , ' she said . ' but miracles do happen and we are absolutely over the moon . ' benjamin is doing really well at the moment and we are coming up to his first birthday despite having been told a number of times he would n't make it . necrotising enterocolitis ( nec ) is a serious illness in which tissues in the intestine ( gut ) become inflamed and start to die . this can lead to a hole developing which allows the contents of the intestine to leak into the abdomen ( tummy ) . this can cause a very dangerous infection . nec is the most common surgical emergency in newborn babies and tends to affect more babies born prematurely than those born full-term . in many cases , nec can be treated without surgery , by resting the bowel by using intravenous feeding and treating any infection with antibiotics . during this period , the child will have a nasogastric ( ng ) tube passed through their nose to drain off the contents of their stomach . they will also have a drip of fluids and medicines . however , the child will need an operation if they develop a hole in their bowel or do not respond to the treatment above . the operation is carried out under a general anaesthetic and can last between 30 minutes and four hours , depending on the severity of the nec . source : great ormond street hospital . ' he was so tiny when he was born and one of the nurses said he was the smallest she had ever seen in her 16 years at the hospital . ' but he is definitely a fighter - he has already been through so much . ' benjamin spent his first days in the wrexham maelor 's special care baby unit before being transferred to liverpool women 's hospital . he was diagnosed with necrotising enterocolitis , a condition where tissue in some portions of the bowel die . it means a hole can develop in the bowel , allowing the contents of the intestine to leak into the stomach , causing a very dangerous infection . the illness is one of the most common causes of death in premature infants . benjamin was put on a ventilator to help him breathe and doctors warned he was extremely ill . a c-reactive protein infection marker test - which checks for levels of inflammation and infection in the body - showed a score of 324 . less than four is considered a good score on the test . benjamin underwent emergency surgery at liverpool 's alder hey hospital , which left him with two stomas - openings on the abdomen which allow waste to leave the body . in a matter of days his condition deteriorated and he was put into a paralysed state . he was hooked up to an oscillator , a machine used to help someone breathe when a ventilator is no longer working . the machine shook his body for six days , in order to relieve pressure from his lungs . mrs astbury said it was heartbreaking to see her son suffer . benjamin had five cardiac arrests , two emergency bowel operations and was even put into a paralysed state on a ventilator for six days . he is now thriving at home with his family . his mother said : ' we are so proud of him and in awe of him we hope he can be an inspiration to others ' . she said : ' it was really horrible to see . ' he was given steroids and he pulled through again but in september , after a reversal of the stomas , he began having breathing problems . ' benjamin began to have laryngospasms , a brief spasm of the vocal cords that temporarily makes it difficult to speak or breathe . they are caused a partial blocking of the airwaves when breathing in . ' just touching him or changing his nappy could turn him blue , ' mrs astbury said . ' benjamin underwent another emergency operation on his bowel but he also had five cardiac arrests in this period up until christmas which was very frightening but again , he has come through them . ' now at home since the turn of the year , benjamin will still have to endure further operations . but his mother is still delighted he is at home with his family . she said : ' to see him get close to his first birthday after everything that has happened is amazing . ' we are so proud of him and in awe of him we hope he can be an inspiration to others . ' 