bali nine ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran could face a firing squad within days after indonesian officials sent letters ordering that preparations be made for their executions . indonesia 's head of general crimes sent the letters to the prosecutors of 10 death row prisoners including australians chan and sukumaran on thursday . the indonesian attorney-general 's spokesman , tony spontana , said the only thing left after this is to announce the execution date . the australian embassy has been summoned to nusakambangan island - where the executions will be carried out - on saturday . authorities in indonesia give death row prisoners and their families 72 hours notice before they are executed , suggesting chan and sukumaran could face the firing squad as early as monday or tuesday . scroll down for video . the execution of bali nine ringleaders myuran sukumaran and andrew chan got a step closer on thursday . time seems to be running out for sukumaran who claims to be rehabilitated since he went to jail in 2005 . meanwhile the lawyer for a nigerian man scheduled for execution with chan and sukumaran says the embassy has been summoned to central java , a likely sign the date is imminent . utomo karim , lawyer for raheem salami , said on thursday afternoon the nigerian embassy received a letter asking it to go to cilacap , the port closest to nusakambangan , on saturday . ' based on experience from the previous execution , they 're going to tell them the date for the execution , ' he said . indonesia is required to give 72 hours notice of the executions . chan and sukumaran are in the same cell block as salami on nusakambangan . chan was arrested on april 17 , 2005 in bali for planning to smuggle 8.3kg of heroin valued at about a $ 4 million from indonesia to australia . letters were sent by authorities to the prosecutors of all 10 death row prisoners , which includes sukumaran , ordering them to prepare the executions . earlier in the week indonesian president joko widodo confirmed the executions were ' only a matter of time ' . president widodo told the indonesian news agency antara that while he would not interfere with the inmates ' outstanding legal appeals , the executions would take place upon their conclusion . ' when it will be done is no longer a question , ' he said . ' it is only awaiting the conclusion of all procedures and the legal process , which i will not interfere in . it is only a matter of time . ' news of the letters were a huge setback for chan and his family members . sukumaran along with the other nine death row prisoners will be killed by firing squad . news.com reports the attorney-general’s spokesman also indicated that of the 10 death row prisoners only one legal matter was now outstanding . the one remaining is of an indonesian man whose judicial review is still before the supreme court but is expected to finalised within days . news of the letters will be a huge setback for chan and sukumaran and their families and lawyers , who had hoped they would be granted another legal challenge . the attorney-general has already suggested that a constitutional court challenge by lawyers for chan and sukumaran will not be taken into account and will not delay the executions . curently sukumaran ( pictured ) and chan remain in an isolated cell on nusakambangan island . 