a new ebola jab is being given to people living in the west african countries most badly hit by the virus after human trials in unaffected countries proved successful . scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection after ' highly promising results ' in the first 138 healthy adults who were vaccinated with various doses . the vaccine , developed in canada , is based on an animal virus called vesicular stomatitis virus ( vsv ) that is combined with a portion of the protein covering of the ebola virus . scroll down for video . a new ebola jab is being given to people living in the west african countries most badly hit by the virus . pictured : a man washes his hands at a checkpoint in sierra leone 's during the recent country-wide lockdown to combat the virus . when administered , it induces an immune response against the ebola virus . the researchers , whose findings are published in the new england journal of medicine , said one jab protects against a disease which has killed more than more than 10,460 people in a year across six countries including liberia , guinea , sierra leone , nigeria , the us and mali . dr michael ramharter , of the medical research unit at albert schweitzer hospital , lambarene , gabon , said the ebola antigen is inserted into the vaccine as a trojan horse to get the body to develop an immune response against the virus . he said : ' an ebola glycoprotein from the ebola strain in zaire is being inserted into the vsv live vaccine . while vsv only causes mild symptoms in humans , the protein acts as an ebola antigen and triggers the formation of antibodies against the disease in the immune system . ' dr ramharter said these antibodies hide , almost like a ' trojan horse ' , in the body in order to successfully fight the ebola virus if the individual becomes infected . scientists hope that immunisation is possible with just one injection after ' highly promising results ' . he added : ' just one vaccine has conferred one hundred per cent protection against ebola in the initial trials on primates . ' dr ramharter said the first phase i clinical trial is now complete . he said : ' the vaccine response is very reliable , the vaccine itself is safe and its tolerability is acceptable . ' the most significant side effect was found to be temporary joint pain and inflammation reported among a small group of test subjects , particularly in the european centres . in the phase ii studies that are now beginning , the vaccine will be used in patients living in the areas currently most badly affected by ebola , especially guinea and sierra leone , but also in liberia . the first case of ebola was reported in west africa around 15 months ago . according to estimates , around 25,000 people have been infected by the virus - and more than 10,000 of them having died since as a result . the race is on to find ways to prevent and cure the ebola virus as there are no proven treatments or vaccines to prevent individuals becoming infected . but progress is now being made on an unprecedented scale with trials which would normally take years and decades being fast tracked on a timescale of weeks and months . the aim is to use the lowest dose of vaccine possible that provides protection . vaccines train the immune systems of healthy people to fight off any future infection . corporal anna cross , 25 , was discharged from london 's royal free hospital after being successfully treated for ebola with the experimental drug mil 77 . 