john knott shot his terminally ill wife anne dead before turning the shotgun on himself after the couple apparently made a pact to die together . a retired managing director at the ‘ end of his tether’ over his wife’s alzheimer’s and plans for a traveller camp near their home shot her dead before killing himself , an inquest heard yesterday . pensioners john and elizabeth knott lived in an ‘idyllic’ £500,000 retirement cottage in the village of bosbury , near ledbury in herefordshire . but mr knott , 71 , had been struggling to cope after his wife developed alzheimer’s disease and a travelling family bought a plot of land next door . he had spent months battling plans for the traveller encampment on the land – which he feared would knock thousands off the value of his home – and kept a file ‘ three inches thick’ on the planning proposals . on top of that , he faced the growing strain of caring for his 70-year-old wife , who was known as anne . last august the pressure got so much he shot her dead before turning the gun on himself , the inquest in herefordshire was told . the knotts had moved to picturesque bosbury from droitwich , worcestershire , after mr knott’s retirement in 2006 . they were both active members of local community groups including a rambling club . mrs knott helped put together the village newsletter and her husband had worked as a church warden . but in his final months , mr knott had been battling an application for planning permission to turn part of a paddock near to their 300-year-old cottage into a caravan park for travellers . it was to be the second traveller site within a small radius after plans were approved in 2012 for another camp on the other side of the knotts’ property , separated from them by woodland . two caravans and a day room were installed on that site . mr knott was said to be fighting plans to build a gipsy camp in a paddock ( outlined in red ) close to their 300-year-old cottage - the second traveller site proposed close to their home in two years . the retired company director was concerned the gipsy camp would affect the value of their £500,000 home . herefordshire coroners ' court heard that 71-year-old mr knott , pictured , had been devoted to his wife of 37 years , nursing and cleaning her as she struggled to cope with alzheimer 's . detective sergeant tim powell told the hearing the second camp was ‘ clearly a concern’ to mr knott . he said : ‘ he set about a very professional and comprehensive argument against this planning permission . it was to build a wash house , outhouses and three caravans . ’ 2006 the couple move to bosbury from droitwich in worcestershire following mr knott 's retirement . 2012 mrs knott starts complaining of memory loss . in the same year , plans for a travellers ' site near their £500,000 property are approved . 2013 mrs knott is diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease in january . 2014 , february mrs knott 's memory is rapidly deteriorating rapidly . 2014 , may application for proposed change of use of land from agriculture to a one family travellers site submitted to herefordshire council . 2014 , august mrs knott spends four days at latimer court nursing home in worcester before being taken home by her husband . the couple were found dead days later . six weeks before his death , mr knott wrote a letter to council planners objecting to the proposals . it said : ‘ there are at least eight settled ( traveller ) families within a one-mile radius of the proposed site . the area can not sustain any more . ’ planning permission has now been granted , and diggers and construction vans were parked on the site yesterday – which has a ‘sold’ sign on display . one of mr knott’s neighbours said : ‘ he was a nice bloke but he was really troubled by the gipsy thing going on . we noticed a big change in him when this started ... he felt very strongly about it . ’ the family who applied for planning permission were well-known in the area , with several traveller sites . friends said mr knott was worried that his home would plummet in value due to the camps , having been told by property experts they could knock up to £125,000 off the price . since the couple died their cottage has been sold for £349,000 , according to property website rightmove . while fighting the plans , mr knott was also caring for his wife of 37 years as her alzheimer’s worsened . colin westwood ( left ) , brother-in-law of mr knott , was at the inquest at hereford coroners ' court today . she had reportedly begun hallucinating and suffering from paranoia and ‘irritability’ . when she was eventually put into a nursing home for four days in august 2014 , she ‘hated’ it , and anguished mr knott brought her home days before killing her . he had felt guilty about leaving her there , it was claimed . friends said the couple were ‘lost’ without one another and it is believed they had made a pact to die together . mr knott , the former managing director of ashford construction in birmingham , ‘worshipped’ his wife , the inquest heard . close friend elizabeth keatley told the hearing : ‘ he would do absolutely anything for her within his powers , and sometimes outside his powers . mr knott had written to the council expressing his concerns that the camp would go right past his home . ‘ he was getting to the end of his tether . he said he lost his wife and she physically was not there . she was not mentally , emotionally there as well . he was lost without her . ’ she said she went to visit the couple last july , adding : ‘ john had lost a lot of weight and he was quite agitated . he had got too much to do , had too many things running through his head . i think he was not coping . ’ elizabeth jane conway , mrs knott’s daughter and mr knott’s step-daughter , described her mother’s downward spiral , saying : ‘ she seemed to age very quickly ... at times she didn’t recognise her family . the paddock - lined in blue - was pinpointed as the potential site for the traveller camp ( outlined in pink ) . ‘ mum and dad adored one another . i was shocked but not surprised . ‘ mum didn’t want to continue to live like that , and my dad couldn’t see a life without my mum . ’ on august 11 , mr knott led his wife to his workshop in their garage , locked the door from the inside and removed its handle . their bodies were found near a single-barrel shotgun by police after mrs conway , 48 , called in and could not find them . no suicide note was found . deputy herefordshire coroner roland wooderson recorded a verdict of unlawful killing for mrs knott and suicide for her husband . for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here . 