jen psaki thought the offer to be president barack obama 's communications director would n't last long . she figured white house chief of staff denis mcdonough had n't heard she 's expecting a baby girl in july . ' my immediate instinct in my head was to tell him i 'm pregnant and this will be the end of this . he 'll tell me good luck and be very kind about it and i 'll be on my merry way , ' said psaki , who was serving as chief spokeswoman at the state department . instead mcdonough - and later obama himself - assured psaki they would accommodate her needs as a new mom amid the west wing 's nonstop demands . she started in the post wednesday and is one of two pregnant women serving as assistant to the president — a first for such a top level adviser in obama 's presidency and practically unheard of under previous presidents . a family-friendly administration : obama aides katie fallon ( left ) and jen psaki ( right ) are expecting babies in may and july of this year . high-ranking female administration officials becoming pregnant is virtually unheard of . what to expect when your expecting ... in the white house : psaki ( left ) says the white house knew she was pregnant when she was being considered for the communications director job , and that mr obama called her personally and assured her that maternity leave would not be an issue . caring : fallon ( left ) says the president is constantly checking up on her health , making sure she 's attending her doctor 's appointments . she is currently serving as the president 's legislative director . rahm emanuel , obama 's first chief of staff and now chicago mayor , once remarked that every white house says they 'll be family-friendly , but it 's never really a good workplace for any family except the president 's . yet obama has pushed family-friendly policies like childcare , flexibility and paid leave , including instituting 12 weeks paid maternity leave for his own staff . but until now , he has n't put it into practice in a very prominent way with few mothers of young children on his own senior team . ' all workplaces are adapting and that includes the white house , ' said obama legislative director katie beirne fallon . she is scheduled to give birth to identical twin boys in may , just as her husband , brian , plans to start as press secretary for hillary rodham clinton 's impending presidential campaign in new york . president obama makes an effort himself to have dinner with his wife and daughters most nights . the first family pictured above in a portrait for easter . from left : 16-year-old malia obama , michelle obama , barack obama and sasha obama , 13 , with dogs sunny and bo . fallon said she made it clear when she took her job that they were trying to start a family . she said everyone has been accommodating - from cooks at the mess hall where her lunch orders have included a baked potato topped with tuna fish and frozen yogurt with raisin bran , all the way up to the president . ' he 's constantly checking in on me , ' she said , urging her not to miss doctor 's appointments and to put her health first . ' do n't let us get in the way of that , ' she said he 's told her . fallon and psaki both say they envision working more flexible hours so they can put their babies to bed . press secretary josh earnest - one of several new fathers in the west wing - says he tries to get home once a week before his baby is asleep . obama tries to make it to dinner every night with his wife and daughters . ' i do n't think it would be appropriate for me to be home at 6:30 every night in the way that he is , ' earnest said at a center for american progress forum . but he said obama 's actions signal to staff they can make family a priority . times have changed . joan baggett calambokidis , president bill clinton 's political director , is one of the only other assistants to the president that former white house aides can remember having a baby on the job . she spent her delivery taking calls from the west wing to discuss the choice of a new party chair . ' the doctor said , `` i see the baby 's head , you have to get off the phone , '' ' she said . after calambokidis returned from maternity leave , a newspaper reported her doctor advised her to resign for health reasons because the job was too stressful - a rumor she said was fabricated to push her out . ' you can take off four months but you are n't able to be in there to do the turf battles that you need to do , ' she said . new on the job : psaki started her new job as white house communications director on wednesday , after serving in the same position for the state department . mr obama pictured above walking with psaki into the west wing of the white house . ' all workplaces are adapting and that includes the white house , ' fallon said . pictured above with mr obama walking out of the west wing last year . rhonda keenum was a mother of 1-year-old triplets when she started as president george w. bush 's director of public liaison - a deputy assistant to the president . she was shocked to get pregnant again at 44 - and she was n't the only one . keenum said bush pointed at her aboard air force one and said , ' i want to know how that happened , ' as the first lady kicked him under the table . ' i said , `` sir , i got knocked up . '' it was the only time i ever was irreverent with him . ' keenum said she took just two weeks maternity leave - the white house a welcome getaway from four in diapers at home . ' i knew the white house opportunity was short-term and motherhood was not . ' psaki said as she discussed whether to take the job with her husband , greg mecher , chief of staff to massachusetts democratic representative joe kennedy , obama called and personally pledged to support her needs . she said he told her , ' my wife would be mad if i did n't convey that having a baby is a wonderful experience and the best thing i 'll ever do , but it 's also hard . and we 'll make it work . '