former new england patriots star aaron hernandez was found guilty on wednesday of first-degree murder in a deadly late-night shooting , sealing the downfall of an athlete who once had a $ 40million contract and a standout career ahead of him . hernandez , 25 , looked to his right and pursed his lips after the jury forewoman read the verdict . the first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole in the slaying of odin lloyd , a 27-year-old landscaper and amateur weekend football player who was dating the sister of hernandez’s fiancee . hernandez’s mother , terri , and his fiancee , shayanna jenkins , cried and gasped when they heard the verdict . shayanna jenkins wept on his mother’s shoulder . hernandez later mouthed to them : ' be strong . be strong . ' former new england patriots star aaron hernandez has been found guilty on of first-degree murder . the first-degree murder conviction carries a mandatory sentence of life in prison without parole . the conviction sealed the downfall of an athlete who once had a $ 40million contract and a standout career . the former football pro was also found guilty on firearm and ammunition charges . for reasons that were never made clear to the jury , lloyd was shot six times in the middle of the night on june 17 , 2013 , in a deserted industrial park near hernandez’s home . police almost immediately zeroed in on hernandez because they found in lloyd’s pocket the key to a car the nfl player had rented . within hours of hernandez’s arrest , the patriots cut the former pro bowl athlete , who was considered one of the top tight ends in the game . prosecutors presented a wealth of evidence that hernandez was with lloyd at the time he was killed , including home security video from hernandez’s mansion , witness testimony and cellphone records that tracked lloyd’s movements . hernandez’s lawyer , james sultan , acknowledged for the first time during closing arguments that hernandez was there when lloyd was killed . terri hernandez clutches her son 's fianceé shayanna as the jury returned a guilty on all counts . ursula ward , mother of the victim , reacts to the guilty verdict for former nfl player hernandez . hernandez was pictured posing with a glock handgun when he was a student in 2009 . odin lloyd has been identified as the man who was found dead less than a mile away from the $ 1.3million mansion of new england patriots player hernandez . but the attorney pinned the shooting on two of hernandez’s friends , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , saying his client was a '23-year-old kid ' who witnessed a shocking crime and didn’t know what to do . wallace and ortiz will stand trial later . prosecutors have suggested lloyd may have been killed because he knew too much about hernandez’s alleged involvement in a deadly 2012 drive-by shooting in boston . but they were not allowed to tell the jury that because the judge said it was speculation . as a result , they never offered a motive beyond saying hernandez appeared angry with lloyd at a nightclub two nights before the killing . hernandez faces further legal trouble : he is awaiting trial on murder charges in the drive-by shooting . he is accused of gunning down two men over a spilled drink at a nightclub . in the lloyd killing , the defense argued that investigators fixated on hernandez because of his celebrity and conducted a shoddy investigation in their zeal to confirm their suspicions . a court officer places handcuffs on the wrists hernandez after the guilty verdict was read during . shaneah jenkins , left , girlfriend of victim odin lloyd , comforts a cousin of lloyd in the courtroom . the evidence . prosecutors produced neither a murder weapon nor a witness to lloyd 's shooting in a north attleborough industrial park . their case hinged on other elements : cellphone records showing hernandez and two friends communicating with lloyd around the time of the slaying ; lloyd 's phone pinging cell towers between boston and north attleborough ; surveillance video at hernandez 's home showing him holding a black item that appeared to be a gun minutes after workers at the industrial park heard gunshots ; a joint found near lloyd 's body with hernandez 's and lloyd 's dna on it . the defense . during closing arguments , hernandez lawyer james sultan for the first time acknowledged what evidence pointed to : hernandez was there when lloyd was killed . but he described hernandez as a witness , a 23-year-old kid who did n't know what to do after seeing a shocking crime . sultan pinned it on hernandez 's two co-defendants , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , both of whom have pleaded not guilty and will be tried later . jury 's road trip . midway through the trial , jurors boarded a bus to tour key spots in the case , including hernandez 's home , the street where the victim lived and the spot where his body was found . state police stood guard as the jury inspected the street in boston 's dorchester neighborhood where lloyd lived with his mother and sisters . jurors also trekked out in the cold to the snow-covered gravel lot where lloyd 's bullet-ridden body was found and toured hernandez 's mansion a mile from the crime scene . tears for a son . lloyd 's mother , ursula ward , wept quietly at times during the trial . overcome with emotion , she would sometimes leave the courtroom in tears when jurors were shown graphic photos of her 27-year-old son 's body . before ward testified , superior court judge susan garsh ordered her not to cry on the stand . ward remained stoic . when photos of lloyd 's body in the morgue were shown , she mouthed the words , ' my baby , my baby . ' hernandez 's fiancee . hernandez 's fiancee , shayanna jenkins , was compelled to testify after she was granted immunity from prosecution . wearing her large diamond engagement ring , jenkins testified that hernandez had told her in the days following the shooting that he was not involved . jenkins testified she removed a box from their basement at his request the day after the slaying but never looked inside before she dumped it in a random trash bin . prosecutors said the box may have held evidence including the murder weapon . jenkins , who has a 2-year-old daughter with hernandez , avoided looking at him during her testimony . the sisters . jenkins and her younger sister , shaneah , both attended the trial at times but sat on opposite sides of the courtroom . shayanna sat behind hernandez and could be seen joking with him , several times exchanging whispered ' i love yous ' when she attended . shaneah would sit with lloyd 's family . before he was killed , she and lloyd had made plans to move in together while she attended law school in boston . both sisters testified while the other sat in the audience , watching and sometimes seeming annoyed . the verdict . after wednesday 's verdict was read , jenkins and hernandez 's mother clutched each other and cried . hernandez mouthed to them the words , ' be strong . be strong . ' the verdict came early on the seventh day of jury deliberations . he was automatically sentenced to life in prison without parole .  prosecutors said hernandez organized the killing , summoned his two friends to help carry it out , and drove lloyd and the others to the secluded spot in the industrial park . during closing arguments , prosecutors also accused hernandez of pulling the trigger , though under the law it was not necessary to prove who fired the shots to convict him . security video from inside hernandez’s home showed him holding what appeared to be a gun less than 10 minutes after lloyd was killed . the surveillance system also captured hernandez , wallace and ortiz relaxing at his home hours after lloyd was shot , hanging out in the basement “ man cave , ” lounging by the pool and cuddling hernandez’s baby daughter . hernandez was an all-american out of the university of florida who was drafted by the patriots in the fourth round in 2010 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .