hardly a day passes without a spurious new survey which lists our supposedly favourite things . an example of this banality last week was one about what makes us most happy . among the feel-good experiences were said to be fresh sheets and popping bubble wrap . reading this idiotic list made me extremely depressed . you can not reduce life to a catchphrase or a ranking like a best-buy at morrison’s . experiences which bring us true pleasure are being with loved ones , enjoying warm weather , eating wonderful home-cooked food and just laughing uncontrollably . it’s not rocket science . surely a far more useful exercise is to list every aspect of modern life that makes us unhappy . here’s my list of pet hates — which gets longer by the day : in the face of an increasing number of surveys claiming to reveal what makes us most happy , janet street-porter reveals her list of the things that are making her unhappy - which is getting longer by the day ! trendy men with bushy beards . is there anything less attractive than a man’s chin covered by a thick mat of hair ? god forbid you get close enough to snog anyone sprouting a beard that makes them look like a sixties folk singer or an extra from a remake of moses . secret face-lifts . every september , i encounter women whose faces look suspiciously taut , whose saggy chins have vanished and who have managed to eradicate the bags under their eyes . although they put this good health down to a ‘ wonderfully restful holiday’ , the truth is they’ve had a face-lift . nasty little sachets . the bane of b & bs , cafes and hotels . what’s wrong with a pot of jam on the table ? weather dollies . every night these simpering females appear on local tv news bulletins , posing pertly in front of a map of britain in very high heels , and totally inappropriate cocktail frocks , waving perfectly manicured hands around . vouchers past use-by dates . as a dedicated bargain-hunter , it causes deep pain to discover at the till that my carefully-collected discount vouchers have expired . janet is a self-confessed bargain hunter who hates it when she discovers her vouchers are out of date . anything called ‘ an experience’ . shopping has become a pastime , like making raffia mats or embroidery , and addicts dignify this mindless activity by talking about the ‘experience’ . everything is an ‘experience’ these days , from a car wash to munching on a burger . slugs , snails , mice . is there anything more soul-destroying than lovingly nurturing broad beans , peas and lettuces from seed , only to go away for the weekend and return to find they have been destroyed by these vile creatures . dieting celebrities . nothing makes me crosser than celebrities’ claims that any weight-loss is due to ‘ eating healthily’ . nine times out of ten , they’ve been paid a huge sum of money to plug a diet plan or a food supplement . chefs who think they’re picasso . too many chefs fiddle with a decent meal and turn it into something that artist tracey emin would be proud of . for example , with chive and parmesan crisps carefully balanced like a propeller surrounded by drips of gravy . yuk . pay-by-phone car parking . what’s wrong with cash ? this drives people crazy — especially older people who find it a big hassle to try to use a phone to pay for 20 minutes in a car park so you can get your shopping in boots . janet remains baffled by pay-by-phone car parking , what 's wrong with cash ? queue-jumpers at airports . after patiently waiting my turn , i could murder anyone who suddenly appears out of the blue and joins a ‘friend’ in the queue in front on me . superfoods . sold at a premium price because we are so desperate to extend our lives by a month , that we want to stuff ourselves with goji berries , quinoa , purple sprouting broccoli , pink tomatoes and hideous kale . funny how mum and dad were so thin and fit , without a single goji berry . fake words . for example , air stewards talk of ‘de-planing’ ( don’t they mean ‘disembarking’ or ‘ getting off’ ) ? railway stations are described as ‘ calling points’ . i heard a radio reporter speak about nigerians ‘jubilating’ after the country’s recent election . phoney words started when ordinary people started being called ‘stake-holders’ . i blame new labour . re-sealable bags of rice . whoever invented the ‘re-sealable’ bag for rice , nuts , pasta etc , i want to go around to their house and shout : ‘ it doesn’t work ! ’ ‘re-sealable’ bag for rice , nuts , pasta just do n't make sense to janet . juicers . the devil’s gadgets . if god had meant us to live on green slime , he would have given us gills and no teeth . part of the enjoyment of food is the textures and fibres . no one is going to reduce my breakfast to slurry in the name of an energy drink . miracle face/eye cream . the impossible dream — turning back time with a pot of gunk . only a giant pleat pulled together at the back of my neck will get rid of the sagging jowls on my jawline . the cheapest solution is to talk a lot , so the loose flesh keeps moving and it either tightens up or it’s not so obvious . paying bills online . having to remember all the ruddy passwords to log on to your account takes longer than writing an old-fashioned cheque and sticking it in an envelope . small talk . i’m useless at this , and am infuriated when check-out staff in the supermarket ( ordered to do so by their boss ) ask how i am . if wanted to talk to them , i’d open the conversation . trad jazz . in my mind , this will for ever be ‘dad’ jazz , not helped by the fact tory grandee ken clarke is a huge fan . modern jazz is fantastic , but i’m afraid the late clarintettist acker bilk has a lot to answer for . trad jazz goes with halitosis , corduroy trousers , a check shirt and a dodgy waistcoat . yorkshire pud flops . i am a decent cook , but i’ve never managed to make a yorkshire pud that didn’t resemble an old shoe sole . and don’t bother writing in with your tips , i’ve tried them all . limp and lifeless yorkshire puddings are also something that janet 's added to her list of annoyances . getting my name wrong . don’t ever call me janice ! in america , i’m routinely called miss street or mrs porter . sorry , i managed to marry a double-barrelled bloke , but that’s my name , so get over it . origami hotel towels . is this a substitute for real cleaning — folding the ends of toilet paper into points and sticking the clean towels on the bed , turned into origami swans ? central heating controls . when the devil wanted to create something that would result in regular domestic fury , he devised the control box for programming central heating . holiday settings , off-peak settings and then copying each day’s setting to the next day … i feel miserable just thinking about it . country pub landlords . as a walker , i know that the more remote the pub , the less likely it will serve anything edible after 2pm . they think they can fob people off with a bag of crisps and a picked onion . forget the ‘ hospitality industry’ , it’s more like the hostility industry . traditional pubs often seem to have landlords who think they can fob you off with just a bag of crisps , according to janet ( stock image ) . unnecessary insurance . i am bombarded with leaflets and emails offering special insurance for my gutters , my roof , the central heating , the drains , the pipework , the pet , and my holidays . how did we get through life before the advent of insurance ? i have cancelled nearly all the policies after my plumber told me one for the boiler costing me £200 a year was pointless . men and shopping lists . what is it about men and supermarkets ? why do they have to go off-piste ? instead of getting the essentials you’ve carefully written down for them , they buy their own favourites : a nasty can of hot dogs , a huge pot of english mustard and a jumbo bag of crisps . steps at stations . maybe it’s because i make a lot of journeys with a heavy wheelie bag stuffed full of left-overs from the fridge , my computer , some clean clothes and a book . but why do most railway stations have giant flights of steps between platforms and up from the car park ? ready-to-eat fruit . another supermarket scam —you pay way more for this stuff on the basis that it will be deliciously ripe , but they invariably turn to mush in 24 hours . baby chat . ok , i haven’t had a baby , only four husbands — but i don’t go around flashing photos of them at people . why should i be interested in someone’s new baby , unless they are directly related to me ? most babies look exactly the same anyway , just giant tadpoles in nappies . janet ca n't stand it when people go around flashing pictures of their new-born children ( stock image ) . public eating . we’ve become a nation of scoffers totally unembarrassed about gorging while we walk , dropping chips and spraying crumbs as we chat on our mobile phones . ugh ! train announcements . every journey nowadays seems to be blighted by the guard ( now called a ‘ train manager’ ! ) making endless useless announcements about the next station , the cause of a delay or the availability of a full range of snacks ( i.e . just crisps ) in the buffet car ( now re-named the ‘on-board café’ . ) toilet roll trolls . there’s nothing more annoying than someone who doesn’t replace a toilet roll . bad impersonators of me . about once a month , a member of the public comes up to me and announces that their teenage daughter does a really good impersonation of me and is thinking of a career on telly . being confronted by an embarrassed 16-year-old with ginger hair attempting to mimic my accent is not remotely entertaining ! 