the bbc has apologised and admitted the fell victim to a hoaxer who appeared on the world service claiming the star wars films are anti-women , anti-gay and said darth vader listens to rap music . godfrey elfwick was recruited via twitter to appear on the programme world have your say , where producers were preparing an item about the trailer for the new film in the franchise . in particular , the programme were looking for people who had never seen any of the films to watch them and give their assessment . scroll down for video . harrison ford as han solo , right and chewbacca , left , in a trailer for the new star wars film , ' star wars : the force awakens ' . however , despite the fact that mr elfwick 's twitter bio states that he is a ' demisexual genderqueen muslim atheist ' he was still invited on to the programme . beforehand he also tweeted : ' i 've never actually seen # starwars but the fact that the bad guy was all black and ate watermelons was unbelievably racist even for the 70 's . ' and appearing on the show he started off by saying that the old star wars films are full of social problems ' rooted in homophobia and casual racial sterotypes ' . on talking about c-3po , who he referred to as c-25 and princess leia , he said ' the gold robot - c-25 or whatever he 's called - is a camp , neurotic coward . godfrey elfwick was recruited to talk on the bbc world service programme after tweeting about never having seen the films . he later confirmed he would be talking on the programme , where he said the franchise was full of social problems . ' the only main female ends up in a space bikini chained to a horny space slug . ' he then turned his attentions to darth vader adding : ' the main bad guy - what 's he called dark raider - is he black , he has a deep voice , he listens to rap music - it 's just a really bad racial stereotype . ' he finished his assessment by saying that film-makers disney should make ' strong feminist ' films such as the little mermaid and beauty and the beast , before being cut off by presenter chloe tilley . however , a bbc spokeswoman said afterwards : ' on this occasion , the force was not with us . princess leia , who was captured by jabba the hutt in return of the jedi . mr elfwick said the film was anti-women . turning his attentions to darth vader , pictured , he said : ' the main bad guy - what 's he called dark raider - is he black , he has a deep voice , he listens to rap music - it 's just a really bad racial stereotype ' . ' the guest presented himself as a 20-year-old who 's never seen star wars ; and we put him on air under that pretence . ' whys producers always do their best to check guests in a live programme that invites global discussion from listeners . ' the new star wars film , entitled star wars : episode vii - the force awakens , had its first trailer released last week and will hit cinema screens in december . the one minute 51 second trailer was unveiled by jj abrams during a fan even at california 's anaheim convention center - with stars carrie fisher , mark hamill , daisy ridley , oscar isaac and john boyega looking on . the clip is the first time han solo , played by harrison ford , has been seen on film since 1983 's return of the jedi . he is joined by chewbacca at the end of the trailer and heard saying , ' chewie , we 're home . ' 