just like humans learning to talk , puppies can sometimes take a while to learn to bark . at least , that seemed to be the case for one young shibu inu , who caused hilarity with a somewhat chatty display at an american kennel club centre . the pup was filmed squeaking and squawking after meeting a young husky dog and attempting to bark at its new companion . captured on video , the puppies are held in the air by their respective handlers and one of the dogs makes a high-pitched whining sound . opening its mouth , the shibu inu then begins vocalising with a yappy bark before the husky – leaning back in its handler’s arm – whines . people standing by laugh and put their hands to their mouths as a staff member turns to address and pacify the dog . the puppy shibu inu and husky feature opposite one another while conversing at an american kennel club centre . falling quiet for a second , the shibu inu pipes up once more – louder than before – causing the husky to respond . as the dogs continue to converse , the video maker asks with a giggle : ‘ what is that noise ? ’ but it is barely audible over the sounds of the intense barking , whining and yapping . later in the video the excited shibu inu begins running in its owner 's arms in its attempts to get closer to the husky . passers-by laugh and film the two dogs as they begin yapping , whining and barking at one another . and people in the video can be seen laughing while mimicking the dog’s erratic and entirely humorous actions . the video concludes with the husky losing interest slightly and chewing on its handler’s sleeve . before the same handler speaks to the shibu inu and gives it a rub , causing it to momentarily settle down . a staff member from the american kennel club centre attempts to pacify the puppy by giving it a rub . canine vocalisation usually begins when a puppy is around two-to-three-weeks-old and generally consists of grunts and whines . at seven-to-eight-weeks-old , the vocalisation will develop into stronger sounding barks , although some dogs wait as long as 16 weeks before even making an attempt .