a 37-year-old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit , police said . the bodies of a 37-year-old woman , a 2-year-old girl and an 8-year-old boy were discovered by police monday night , eastpointe police lt. neil childs said , and investigators were trying to determine the circumstances surrounding the deaths . ' we had no prior runs out there for domestic violence or anything of that nature , ' childs said . ' as far as motive is concerned , we 're still investigating . ' the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck , wxyz reported . scroll down for video . slayings : the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck . incident : police block the street during an investigation in eastpointe , michigan , on monday . a 37-year-old man is in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children . home : officers discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman 's sister called police . police went inside and found the bodies of christie fradeneck and her two children . investigators were awaiting autopsy results before presenting the case to the macomb county prosecutor 's office for review . the man was held for questioning and the causes of the deaths have n't been released , childs said . charges are n't likely until wednesday at the earliest , childs said . officers discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman 's sister called police . she could n't reach her sister , stopped by the home and saw cars in the driveway but did n't get an answer at the door , childs said . ' we went over to the home to do a well-being check , ' childs said . ' the husband did open the door . ' police went inside and found the woman and children dead . her husband was taken into custody without incident , childs said , and police were n't looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths . timothy 's ninth birthday and celeste 's third birthday were less than two weeks away , the detroit free press reported . children : timothy 's ninth birthday and celeste 's third birthday were less than two weeks away . neighbor : jequita breham talks to the media as police block the street during an investigation in eastpointe , michigan . search : police were n't looking for anyone else in connection with the three deaths . neighbor wes schwamb told the newspaper ' it 's crazy . it 's hard to believe . the kids always played outside ; the father would be cutting the lawn . ' neighbor marline carrick told the macomb daily she heard what she thought sounded like gunfire emanating from the house . she told the newspaper that a woman - eventually identified as the dead woman 's mother - was on the front lawn mourning her daughter 's death . the detroit news reported police blocked off the majority of the street late on monday evening . according to the newspaper , after learning three people were killed , neighbor jequita breham began to cry . ' i never actually would have imagined something like this happening , ' breham told the detroit news . ' it 's generally quiet here . ' 