a british photographer has captured some adorable images of puppies posing for the camera . the picture-perfect photo shoot is the handiwork of john daniels , 61 , from dunsfold in surrey , who has decades of experience working with animals . he used both clean white studio backgrounds and comedy props to capture the heart-warming shots and these cute canines who appeared relaxed in front of the camera . a ' model ' poses in a makeshift hammock for a portrait by puppy photographer john daniels . the photographer also experiments with some unusual animal pairings , making his charming snaps the perfect way to celebrate national pet day , which takes place tomorrow . john said : ' i use the studio because i ca n't rely on the british weather , i 've had to cancel shoots in the past , so using the studio and building a set means its one less thing to worry about . ' photographing any animal can be tricky and with shoots outside there is more chance of the animal escaping or being frightened by the big outdoors . ' i have very good animal handlers that i use , they have lots of contacts in the animal world and tell me what 's available at any time . some of his work is the stuff of dreams for greetings card makers , such as these four puppies in socks hung up on a washing line . two tiny shar pei 's sit back to pack for this adorable , very wrinkly photo . john applies the time tested ' baby in a bucket ' pose to a little puppy ( l ) - the photographer is seen on a farm with his camera ( r ) . ' the hardest part is timing , i have to get each animal at the right age , so hatching eggs to coincide with kittens or puppies takes a bit of planning . ' i 've found that the older the animal is the harder it is to get it to sit with another , when they are very young they do n't really know whats going on , and a ducking will happily snuggle up to a kitten or anything else that feels cosy . ' i never force an animal to do anything , so if they do n't look happy it wont look good in the picture and we try something else , or give them time to settle . some of john 's ' barking mad ' animal pairings include this puppy and duck saying hello to one another . he says ' a ducking will happily snuggle up to a kitten or anything else that feels cosy ' . some are captured in a precious moment where they look tired or relaxed , sleepy or barely awake . ' without giving away any trade secrets , i use sounds to attract them , they have to be soft for kittens but a little louder for puppies and others , or strange to get them to look at the camera . ' all the animals react in different ways , so its quite often trial and error . ' i love working with any animal , wild or domestic , its a privilege to be able to . ' i hope they enjoy working with me , many of the animals come back to the studio for several shoots and they do seem to remember what to do , little treats always help . ' a protective white puppy lays his chin on the head of a brown rabbit for this brotherly picture . a playful pup sticks out his tongue to the camera ( l ) while another seems to be sleeping in a milk jug ( r ) . many of john 's subjects appear to be almost newborn - their eyes completely coloured and their fur still fuzzy , not yet silky . a big brown pup protects a little furry chick ( l ) as a tiny puppy relaxes in a teacup ( r ) . four little canines rest in blue and green flower pots as they pose perfectly for a picture . john says he prefers taking photos in the studio - like this one - as outdoors , little animals are more likely to escape or become frightened . a very soapy little puppy appears to be caught off guard as she ' takes a bath ' in this posed up picture . cats and dogs appear to be best of friends in this adorable photo . four fluffy dogs line up in a log crate as they pose for a picture . a little pug looks curiously into the camera while standing next to a much larger companion . 