gypsy groups have launched a campaign to remove the definition of them as ' swindlers ' from the spanish dictionary . protest letters were delivered to members of spain 's royal language academy , which produces the definitive dictionary . the gypsy secretariat foundation , which are leading the campaign , are hoping to use it to raise awareness of discrimination against gypsies , also known as roma . members of spain 's gypsy community throw flower petals into the manzanares river , symbolizing the departure of their ancestors from india and their exodus across the world during an event in memory of the roma victims of the nazi holocaust in madrid , spain . the reference to a swindler ( ' trapacero ' ) was introduced late last year following complaints about the 22nd edition entry that included a colloquial reference to a ' gypsy ' ( ' gitano ' ) as one ' who deceives or maneuvers to cheat . ' ' gypsies feel indignant , ' said sara jimenez , 37 , a roma lawyer who works for the foundation 's equality department . ' it 's not fair because we are a people marked by prejudices , stereotypes and these type of contributions by the royal language academy encourage rejection and stigmatization and do not correspond to gypsies in spanish society . ' the academy said definitions reflect actual use and are not meant to be derogatory but has offered to change the forthcoming online edition to clarify that such references are pejorative . foundation spokeswoman pilar calon said the group did not object to other academy dictionary definitions for gypsy but would like the ' swindler ' reference changed . ' that was a swindle in itself ! ' said calon who hopes to meet with academy authorities - made up of esteemed authors , intellectuals and language experts- soon to discuss the issue . the protest was delivered on international roma day and beore handing in the letter , group representatives gathered to throw flower petals into madrid 's manzanares river in the customary homage to the gypsies killed in the holocaust and other extermination campaigns . panish groups representing gypsies have launched a campaign to remove a reference to them as swindlers from the world 's benchmark spanish dictionary . spain has about 750,000 people of roma heritage , out of a total population of some 47 million . although a minority , the ethnic group has always formed an important part of spanish society and culture , most notably due its strong links to spain 's emblematic flamenco music . one of the country 's most internationally renowned flamenco dancers is gypsy joaquin cortes . although there have been giant steps made toward greater integration in society , roma are still often marginalized and discriminated against in housing , education and jobs . the still have little representation in parliament , business or academia . the community is commonly associated with dealing in scrap metal and selling flowers or cheap clothes at town markets .