most women know them well : irritability , cravings , fatigue ... the ugly , tiresome side effects that precede their period . while many of us have accepted what seemed like the inevitable every month and suffered through them armed with an arsenal of painkillers , hot water bottles and chocolate ( while those nearest and dearest to us run for cover ) , one doctor claims that our pms can be banished forever with just a few simple steps . ' premenstrual symptoms such as irritability and cravings are common , but they 're not normal , ' dr lara briden tells daily mail australia . scroll down for video . common , but not inevitable : while premenstrual symptoms such as irritability , cravings and fatigue have become accepted by most women as normal , one doctor claims it should n't be so . dr briden , a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health , recounts a patient who was suffering with pms whom she helped by changing her eating habits . ' at 34 , julie was a bubbly , energetic person . she was happily married with two school aged children , and worked three days per week as a dental hygienist . `` i feel well most of the time , '' she told me . `` but then , five days before my period , everything changes . i suddenly feel headachy and fatigued . i get snappy with my husband and my kids , and i ca n't seem to stop myself . '' happy days : the naturopathic doctor says that pms can be banished for good by adapting an anti-inflammatory diet . ' i ordered some blood tests for julie , and found that her hormones were normal , which is typical for pms . some doctors would offer the birth control pill at this point , but i know there 's a better way . ' i asked julie to stop eating desserts and deep-fried foods . julie also took the nutritional supplements magnesium and vitamin b6 , and within the very first month , she noticed a dramatic change . `` i was surprised when my period just arrived , '' she said . `` i did n't even feel it coming . '' that 's why i love treating pms . it responds so well to natural treatment . ' breakfast : option 1 . unsweetened muesli with mixed berries and unsweetened greek yoghurt . option 2 . two scrambled eggs on whole grain or gluten-free toast with butter . option 3 . spinach and goat cheese frittata . beverages : water , tea or coffee . unsweetened muesli with berries ( left ) and scrambled eggs ( right ) are among dr briden 's suggested breakfasts in her 'no-more-pms ' diet plan . snacks : option 1 . handful of raw cashews . option 2 . rye crackers with half an avocado and lemon juice . option 3 . fresh fruit .  lunch : option 1 . chicken wrap with grated carrot , beet and fresh spinach leaves . option 2 . large green salad with smoked salmon , avocado and olive oil dressing . option 3 . sushi with miso soup . beverages : water or sparkling water . tea or coffee . green salads with oily fish ( left ) and sushi ( right ) are some of the delicious and nutritious lunch suggestions . dinner : option 1 . roasted lamb shanks with potato mash and steamed kale . option 2 . barbecued salmon steaks with oven baked sweet potato chips and spinach salad . option 3 . chicken and broccoli stir-fry with rice . beverages : water or sparkling water with lemon . one glass of wine or beer . stir-fry ( left ) , lamb with potatoes and kale , or salmon steaks are all dinner options , while a small serving of dark chocolate ( right ) is a sweet treat for dessert . dessert : option 1 . two squares of 85 per cent cocoa dark chocolate . option 2 . cinnamon poached pears . option 3 . gluten-free almond and orange torte made with half the sugar . dr briden explains that pms has often been dismissed as a myth in the past , but that new research has indicated a link between inflammation and pms . ' pms has been a controversial diagnosis because researchers have not been able to detect any difference in the blood levels of hormones of pms-sufferers compared to non-pms-sufferers , ' says dr briden . ' in both groups , oestrogen and progesterone levels rise and fall throughout the month just like they 're supposed to . ' that has led some researchers to dismiss pms as a myth , but i see it another way . hormonal : pms is caused by your response to the drop in hormones , which depends on the health of your hormone receptors ... a primary cause of unhealthy receptors is chronic inflammation . ' of course pms-sufferers have normal hormone levels . that 's because female hormones are not the actual cause of pms . why did we ever think they would be ? neither oestrogen nor progesterone are inherently bad for mood . quite the opposite . they 're both beneficial for mood because they boost neurotransmitters such as serotonin . ' i 've worked with thousands of pms patients , and i 'm convinced : pms is not caused by hormones , or even by the drop in hormones ( which is inevitable at the end of the menstrual cycle ) . instead , pms is caused by your individual response to that drop in hormones . dr lara briden has been a naturopathic doctor specialising in women 's health for 20 years . ' this is where it gets interesting . your response to hormones depends on the health and resilience of your hormone receptors , which are the tiny docking stations for your female hormones , and are found in every tissue , including your brain . ' your hormone receptors translate hormonal messages into real physical effects such as mood or appetite . ' when your receptors are healthy , they 're flexible , and they adapt to rising and falling hormone levels by simply dialling up and dialling down their response ( depending on the level of hormone ) . that means no pms . ' when your receptors are not healthy , on the other hand , they can not adapt to changing hormones , and that leads to premenstrual symptoms . ' fortunately , we know what impairs the health of hormone receptors : chronic inflammation . according to a recent study , blood markers of inflammation are higher in pms-sufferers . chronic inflammation is a kind of long-term immune activation that is caused by different things including stress and smoking . it 's also caused by certain inflammatory foods , and that 's why diet is so effective as pms treatment . ' off the table : deep fried and sugary foods are the most inflammatory , and therefore should be avoided . eat fewer inflammatory foods . the most inflammatory foods are deep-fried foods and high-sugar foods such as desserts and sweet drinks , so you should avoid those . you should also avoid fruit juice because it is concentrated sugar . whole fruit is permitted . sugar and deep fried foods are inflammatory for everyone , but other foods , such as wheat and dairy products , can also be inflammatory if you have a sensitivity to them . food sensitivities are well known to cause symptoms such as sinus or eczema , but they are also a common cause of pms . try avoiding wheat and dairy for three months , and see the difference . if in doubt , speak to your doctor or nutritionist . tip : pms is a common symptom of food sensitivities . eat the rainbow : brightly-coloured fruits and vegetables such as berries , spinach and kale provide essential nutrients such as folate and magnesium . eat more anti-inflammatory foods . the foods that actively reduce inflammation are fruits and vegetables , especially the brightly coloured ones such as berries , spinach , and kale . fruit and vegetables are anti-inflammatory because they provide essential nutrients such as folate and magnesium , and because they provide phytonutrients . phytonutrients are beneficial plant compounds that stimulate your immune system and to reduce its inflammatory response . supplements : dr briden recommends mineral magnesium and vitamin b6 to supplement diet . supplement with natural anti-inflammatory nutrients . my favourite anti-inflammatory nutritional supplement is the mineral magnesium . together with vitamin b6 , magnesium has done extremely well in clinical trials for premenstrual syndrome . both supplements are safe and easy to obtain . speak to your chemist . tip : the no-more-pms diet works to prevent pms . please follow it during all the days of your cycle - not just when you 're premenstrual . lara briden is a naturopathic doctor with nearly 20 years experience in women 's health . she 's just released her new book period repair manual : natural treatment for better hormones and better periods .