a 13-year-old indian girl faced with an arranged marriage has written a letter to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding ( stock image above ) . a 13-year-old indian girl faced with an arranged marriage has written a letter to her teacher begging her to stop the wedding . duli hembrom wrote to the principal of milan mithi uchha vidyalaya after failing to convince her parents to call off the wedding , which is due to take place in two days . she wrote : ' i do not want to get married , i took an oath at the time of admission that i will not get married before i turn 18 . ' she added that she wanted the teacher to stop the marriage ' whichever way possible ' , the india times reported . it is thought the ' oath ' duli refers to is the school 's promise she had to make when she started , but exactly what it included is not known . her father lachhu , who lives in gudibanda with duli 's mother , said child marriage was a common phenomenon in their society . he told the hindustan times that it was difficult to find a suitable match for a grown-up girl . the child marriage restraint act , passed in india during british rule in 1929 , specified that a girl must be 18 and a boy 21 before they can wed . but the country has the second highest number of child marriages , according to a un report . nearly 52 per cent of girls are married before reaching 18 years old , indian records show . between 2011 and 2020 more than 140 million girls will become child brides globally , analysts estimate . aarati benera , a women’s rights activist , described child marriage as ' illegal and a social evil ' . the child marriage restraint act , passed in india during british rule in 1929 , specified that a girl must be 18 and a boy 21 before they can wed . above , women and girls sit waiting to be married in a mass wedding ceremony in india . despite numerous campaigns from many of the world 's largest charities and ngos , the issue of child brides remains a global concern . in 2013 there were around 57.5 million child brides across the world , 40 per cent of which married in india . this is despite the child marriage restraint act , passed during british rule in 1929 , specifying that a girl must be 18 and a boy 21 before they can wed . meanwhile , in africa , 42 per cent of girls were married before turning 18 compared to 29 per cent in latin america and the caribbean . the number of child brides is estimated to rise to 140 million by 2020 if current trends continue , 18.5 million of which will be under 15 years old , analysts warn . statistics show that girls living in poor households are almost twice as likely to marry before 18 than girls in higher income households . and girls younger than 15 are also five times more likely to die in childbirth than women in their 20s . aarati benera , a women’s rights activist , described child marriage as ' illegal and a social evil ' .