nigel farage will say today that allowing refugees into europe ‘ could lead to half a million islamic extremists coming to our countries and posing a direct threat to our civilisation’ . the ukip leader will say the boatloads of people trying to get to the continent from north africa could provide a cover for jihadis wanting to do harm . mr farage will make his comments in a debate at the european parliament in strasbourg in the wake of more than 1,000 migrants drowning in the mediterranean . scroll down for video . warning : the ukip leader will say the boatloads of people trying to get to the continent from north africa could provide a cover for jihadis . he will warn that if the eu agrees to give refuge to migrants from north africa , it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to britain . a source close to mr farage said he was taking time out from the campaign trail in britain to focus the election debate on immigration . campaign bosses believe a provocative intervention could have the same effect as his controversial remarks on foreigners with hiv being treated in britain – which were part of a so-called ‘ shock and awful’ strategy to get attention and appeal to the party’s ‘ core voters’ . mr farage thinks his party could still get more than ten mps if he manages to cause a ‘ big shock’ in the eight days before polling day . a senior ukip aide said : ‘ he needs to make a special intervention . this is a big moment in the campaign . ‘ cameron and miliband do not want to talk about this because they know the whole issue hinges on eu membership . ‘ nigel is going to highlight how jihadis are entering europe , getting eu passports , and then are able to easily come to britain because of the open-borders policy . ' if there is going to be one country where these guys are going to head to , it is going to be us because of the iraq war and our involvement in afghanistan and against islamic state . ’ mr farage said yesterday he opposed eu action to tackle migrant deaths in the mediterranean because it could lead to a common migration policy and let millions of people into britain . he added that the problem had the potential to be more damaging than the eurozone crisis . mr farage will warn that if the eu agrees to give refuge to migrants from north africa , it could lead to millions being given passports that allow them to move to britain . ‘ i think what is happening in strasbourg is far more significant than anything that has been said by any of the party leaders about immigration … during this campaign , ’ he said . ‘ they utterly refuse to accept that we are no longer in control of our borders … ‘i’m quite certain miliband and cameron will try and ignore this , so i am going there [ strasbourg ] to engage in that debate and make sure they can not ignore it . ’ he added : ‘ are we about to see one of the great brussels dreams come true … a common eu immigration policy ? we currently have a net migration figure of 300,000 . goodness knows what it could be if this happens . ' potentially eu passports are about to be given to a very large number of people and the british political class in westminster is powerless . ’ mr farage’s speech could be his last in the european parliament if he is elected mp for thanet south . on a campaign visit to hartlepool yesterday , he accused the snp of being ‘ openly racist’ , adding : ‘ the anti-english hostility … is totally extraordinary . ’