the heartbroken mother of a unarmed teen who was shot dead by police has revealed the last words her son spoke as he lay dying in an ambulance . hector morejon was shot by a long beach , california , police officer , who allegedly thought the 19-year-old was pointing a gun at him during a trespassing and vandalism incident . according to her attorney , his mother , lucia morejon , was at home when she heard the shots . lucia morejon , the heartbroken mother of a unarmed teen who was shot dead by police has revealed the last words her son , hector morejon , 19 , spoke as he lay dying in an ambulance . she went to an alley near her home to see what happened and then realized it was her son in the ambulance , reports the la times . ' when he saw her , he propped himself partially up and cried to her , ' mommy , mommy , please come , please come ! ' ' her attorney 's statement said , reports the press telegram . ' she walked towards the ambulance , identified herself as his mother , expecting to ride with him to the hospital , but was pushed back by a man in a blue uniform . ' her attorney sonia mercado told the huffington post : ' he was reaching for her - reaching out to her for help . ' ' it 's a tough thing to live with as a parent , ' said mercado . ' she is deeply in shock . ' hector morejon , 19 , was shot dead by a police officer on thursday while in a vacant apartment . the press telegram reports that according to the statement , lucia morejon asked what happened but was not given any information . it continues : ' at the hospital , mrs. mojeron and her family were not allowed to see hector until he was dead . ' in a statement released monday , the family of hector morejon said they are requesting that the lbpd ' immediately release the name and badge number of the officer who is responsible for killing hector who was unarmed . ' police said officers received a report that several people were trespassing and vandalizing an empty apartment at about 2:45 p.m. thursday . when they attended they saw there was an open window and a broken window . according to an lbpd press release , an officer looked into the apartment through the broken window and saw a man ( later identified as morejon ) standing against a wall . the press release states the officer saw the man turn toward him , while bending his knees and extending his arm out , as if pointing an object which the officer perceived as a gun . the officer then fired , according to police . morejon , from long beach , was initially listed in critical condition , but was later pronounced dead at a hospital . no weapons were found at the scene . ' objects were collected from the scene , but it has not been yet determined at this point in the investigation if those objects were what the officer observed , ' said sgt . megan zabel , a police department spokeswoman told the la times . ' we are not describing evidentiary detail on what those objects are at this time , as with how many times the suspect was shot . ' police said the apartment was spray-painted with gang-related graffiti . the family reject suggestions that the teen was a gang member . according to a statement from the lbpd to the long beach post , the department ' thoroughly reviews all use of force incidents through a rigorous multi-step process that evaluates legal , policy , tactical and equipment issues . ' in addition , all officer involved shootings where a death occurs , are independently investigated by the los angeles county district attorney 's office and the los angeles county coroner 's office . '