kevin gameiro saved his goalkeeper 's blushes with a late equaliser which put defending champions sevilla into the last four of the europa league . beto had looked to have cost his side their progress , with the game heading towards extra time , before substitute gameiro arrived to slot home with five minutes remaining . it had been a risk to start the portuguese keeper , but sevilla boss unai emery decided it one he was prepared to take , despite beto 's absence since a game against real madrid in the first week of february . carlos bacca slams home the early penalty after vitolo had been brought down by neto after five minute . hulk celebrates his goal with axel witsel but zenit could n't hold on for extra time in the end . it was a gamble that spectacularly back-fired , with the keeper gifting zenit two of the softest goals imaginable , to see the holders surrender a two-goal lead in the tie . first , just a matter of seconds after the half-time break , with sevilla two goals up on aggregate a cruising , beto dropped the ball , under no pressure , at the feet of salomon rondon , allowing the venezuelan to rekindle the tie from a matter of yards . then , when brazilian forward hulk hit a speculative , but not overly threatening shot from 40 yards , beto could only flap it over his own line , turning the tie on its head and sending it towards extra time . but as zenit looked to apply the pressure , and beto attempted to atone himself with two stunning saves , one from each of the two goalscorers , the champions struck on the break . bacca is mobbed by his sevilla team-mates after putting them in complete control of the tie early on . zenit : lodygin , criscito , neto , lombaerts , smolnikov ; garcia , witsel ; danny , shatov , hulk , rondon ( kerzhakov 83 mins ) . subs not used : malafeev , rodic , anyukov , tymoshchuk , sheydaev , arshavin . goal : rondon 48 , hulk 72 . booked : neto , witsel , lodygin . sevilla : beto , tremoulinas , pareja ( iborra 22 ) , coke , carrico , vidal , vitolo ( suarez 92 ) , banega , mbia , krychowiak , bacca ( gameiro 72 ) . subs not used : rico , figueiras , navarro , reyes . goal : bacca 6 , gameiro 85 . booked : iborra . it was a pulsating finish to a game that had started promisingly , but looked to have faded away somewhat in the first half . the spanish side carried a slim lead , given them by a stunning denis suarez volley at the end of the first leg , into the second game , but zenit were optimistic after scoring an away goal in seville , which gave them a perceived edge . that advantage lasted little more than five minutes however , as defender neto stupidly dived in on sevilla winger vitolo , to concede an early penalty . it was a bizarre challenge to make , with vitolo running towards the byline , and the ball not even close to within winning distance . the contact may have been minimal , but the fact that it was there at all was as much down to neto 's stupidity as anything else , and it was hard to feel sympathy for the portuguese defender . carlos bacca was not in the mood to show any mercy , dispatching the spot-kick beautifully , high into the top corner , and the visitors were in complete control . from then the pattern of play was set , with sevilla inviting pressure , absorbing it , and hitting zenit on the break . indeed , the visitors , two goals ahead on aggregate and with the majority of the game in their own half , had much the better chances in the first period . coke tries to get a shot away as sevilla threatened on the break , before zenit hit back in the second half . zenit midfielder axel witsel challenges sevilla 's benoit tremoulinas during a tense first half . aleix vidal should have put them further in front , after out-pacing former manchester city midfielder javi garcia , but he seemed to forget that running is not enough , failing to either pass or shoot and simply running into yuri lodygin . soon after bacca sprang the offside trap and rounded the zenit keeper , only to see his shot cleared off the line by igor smolnikov . andre villas-boas ' team barely registered a shot before first-half stoppage time , the one exception coming in the 18th minute , when captain danny exchanged passes with hulk before seeing his near-post shot saved by beto . but , as the first 45 approached its conclusion , the hosts suddenly produced a succession of chances , and could easily have got themselves back into the tie . salomon rondon , whose goal got zenit back in the tie , was starved of service for long periods of the game . first salomon rondon , almost entirely ineffectual up front in the opening period , was gifted the ball three yards from goal following some dubious defending at a set piece , but the venezuelan striker could n't sort his feet out , and stumbled the ball away from target . moments later danny struck the base of the post with a vicious effort that suggested zenit might have more to offer in the final quarter of the tie . not that they could have expected the sort of favours that beto handed them in the second period , and which looked to have at least earned them an extra 30 minutes . in the end though , it was the home side 's defending that let them down , failing to keep the back door shut as they pushed for a winner , allowing gameiro to do the damage . 