it was a fishing trip with a very big catch – namely the £9 homemade rowing boat in which the two anglers ventured out on to the open sea . built with discarded scraps from house conversions including loft insulation board and polystyrene , it was glued together with silicone sealant . amazingly , the 6ft vessel held together long enough for the men to set up their rods and haul in some fish . but they were scuppered when an oar snapped 200 yards off jaywick , essex , and they had to call 999 . the bungling fishermen who had to be rescued from their diy boat , who have been named as aaron jones , right , and jamie toms , left . the diy boat used by a pair of fisherman , who had to be rescued by a lifeboat crew . the men cobbled it together using insulation boards , scrap plywood , laminate flooring , coat hangers and silicone glue . the anglers had already taken the boat out to sea the day before their rescue without any problems . they got the materials to build the boat for free and spent £9 on silicone glue to hold the boat together . a lifeboat crew arrived to find neither man wearing a lifejacket , and one unable to swim . despite the experience , one of the men yesterday pledged to return to the water with another homemade boat . jamie toms , 27 , a self-employed builder , said : ‘i’m already thinking about doing it again but next time i’ll get a little engine instead of oars . ‘ the boat itself was solid – it was waterproof . we took it out the day before and we were in it for two or three hours and it floated , no problem . the long and the short of it is that this time one of the oars snapped . they were proper oars but one snapped at the join so we were stranded with only one oar . ‘ i only called 999 as i was worried for my mate as he can’t swim . he was panicking and shaking because it was cold , so i was more concerned for his safety than my own . ‘ if it was just me out there i would have tried to swim to shore . what’s the worst that could happen ? i would have drowned . ’ the boat was put together by mr toms’s friend aaron jones , who scavenged 4in-thick insulation board , polystyrene and scrap wood . the diy boat during its construction . the pair used scrap wood that they had found and spent just £9 buying silicone adhesive . as well as using scraps of wood , the pair also made a diy anchor using a 15 metre rope and a lump of scrap iron . after rescuing the men , who were found without lifejackets the rnli crew had to bring the boat to the shore . after the rescue , clacton rnli returned the fishing equipment to the pair before they destroyed the unseaworthy boat . one of the men , named as jamie toms , who had to be rescued . coathanger wire was used to make the rowlocks , the rings on either side of the boat that provide the pivot for the oars . the only outlay was £9 on the sealant to glue and waterproof the craft . mr jones , who is also in his 20s , refused to comment yesterday . but mr toms added : ‘we’re just two lads who were bored and wanted to make a boat – why not ? it’s better than going out and doing drugs and committing crime . ' obviously i said thanks to the lifeguards and sorry for being a bit of an idiot and going out with no safety gear . ‘ i was quite calm as i’d already been in that situation before so i knew what to do . ‘ in about 2006 me and a few mates bought a rubber dinghy and got p***** up as we wanted to see how far we could get out before needing to be rescued . ’ the pair , from jaywick , lost their anchor , made from scrap iron , in the rescue . but they did come home with a dogfish , two cod and three crabs . joff strutt , of clacton rnli , said the lifeboat crew had been stunned by the men’s stupidity . the boat was destroyed .