the mother of a two-year-old boy who fell 10 feet into a cheetah enclosure could face child endangerment charges after witnesses claim she was dangling him over the edge . visitors at cleveland metroparks zoo in ohio heard a scream as the toddler tumbled into the pit at 3pm on saturday . his parents jumped in and pulled him to safety before paramedics arrived to treat the boy for a leg injury . though the felines appeared to avoid the child , dr christopher kuhar , executive director at the zoo , said there is a strong chance charges will be pressed on monday . scroll down for video . a mother was holding the two-year-old boy and another child when the toddler slipped and fell into the cheetah exhibit at the cleveland metroparks zoo ( file photo of cheetahs at the cleveland zoo ) . the boy was rescued by his parents from the pit ( pictured ) before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . he suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital . he told cnn : ' unfortunately , we have a number of eyewitness accounts that point to the strong likelihood that the child was dangled over the rail . ' according to witnesses the mother was holding him and another child when he fell . michael lurie and his family were at the cheetah exhibit when they heard the child scream . ' you saw how far the drop was and you just could n't believe the kid did n't hurt himself from falling down on the ground , ' lurie told wkyc . ' i was just shocked , ' he said . ' i did n't understand how the parents let the kid go over the thing . ' the cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit , according to zoo officials . zoo visitor terra lurie believes the boy was not approached by the fast feline because they were frightened . ' i think they were just curious as to what was going on and why somebody was in the pen with them , ' she said . ' it 's not every day that somebody is just in the pen with them . ' ' and everyone else is screaming and they probably got scared . ' the exhibit was closed following the child 's fall . zoo visitor michael lurie was at the cheetah exhibit when he heard the child scream . he said he was ' shocked ' and 'didn't understand how the parents let the kid ' go over the railing and into the pit . cleveland metroparks zoo plans to press child endangering charges against the child 's mother ( above file photo of visitors at the cleveland zoo ) .