the house where tia sharp was sexually assaulted and then brutally murdered before her body was hidden in the loft has finally been erased from a community . pictures show the aerial view of the new buildings which have been built following the discovery of the 12-year-old 's body in the in 2013 . the two-bedroomed terraced house - number 20 the lindens in new addington , near croydon south london - was bulldozed in june 2013 along with the two neighbouring properties . 19a and 19b the lindens in new addington , near croydon - the previous address , where tia sharp was sexually assaulted and then brutally murdered has been completely wiped off the map . 20 the lindens as it was before : neighbours say the old house was a constant reminder of the evil that happened there . in its place , two new houses have been built , which will be numbered 19a and 19b , completely wiping number 20 from the map . the two identical houses come with a garden , shed and new solar panels on the roof . the properties are clearly noticeable next to the old houses in the street . one local resident who did not want to be named said : ' we are so relieved that it has gone . it was a constant reminder of the evil that took place there . ' it has been raised to the ground and erased from our memories . ' the new homes are lovely . ' the former home was where evil killer stuart hazell , 39 , murdered the schoolgirl and dumped her body in the loft . twelve-year-old tia sharp ( left ) was sexually assaulted and then brutally murdered by hazell ( right ) before her body was hidden in the loft . he was living there with his partner , 49-year-old christine bicknell , tia 's grandmother . twisted hazell was one of the ' heartbroken ' family members who ' searched ' for tia during a national manhunt in august 2012 after she disappeared . as the distraught and desperate family members comforted each other in the house , they were unaware that missing tia was just feet away from them , wrapped in bin-liners in the loft . father-of-one hazell suffocated tia during a sex attack after months of trawling vile internet pornography sites and filming her as she slept . hazell was living there with his partner , 49-year-old christine bicknell , ( pictured ) tia 's grandmother . her body was not found for over a week by police - even though it just feet away from where they had been searching . the property , which is owned by croydon council , was demolished to avoid it becoming a sick tourist attraction . two adjoining houses were also demolished by the council and now building work has been going to replace the three bulldozed properties with two new ones . a croydon council spokesman confirmed the homes are near completion and the number 20 will not be used . hazell , who lied that tia spent the night at home before heading to a shopping centre in nearby croydon , was jailed for life in may last year . he pleaded not guilty before changing his plea to guilty on the fifth day of his trial at the old bailey . a croydon council spokesman confirmed the homes are near completion and the number 20 will not be used .