it may be another 149 days until england begin their world cup campaign against fiji at twickenham , but england assistant coach andy farrell can already feel the excitement building across the country . stuart lancaster’s side will take on the south sea islanders in the world cup curtain-raiser on september 18 at england hq in a tournament that will encompass 48 matches spread across 44 days of action . ‘ rugby is going to be the sport of the year with the world cup coming up , ’ said farrell . andy farrell says rugby union is going to be the sport of the year with the world cup coming up in england . ‘ it 's as though the tournament is going to start in a few weeks’ time . if it’s already like it is now , i think we 'll never have seen anything like it come world cup time . the important thing on the back of that is obviously seizing the opportunity for the legacy after it . ‘ i 've absolutely no doubt that this is going to be the biggest world cup ever . you go to places like gloucester or exeter ; you see the buzz around the place because they know it 's coming . it 's going to be fantastic . ’ england came within six points of claiming the rbs 6 nations following their pulsating 55-35 victory against france on the final day of the championship – as ireland secured a second successive title on points difference . it was the fourth consecutive time that england had finished second in the championship , but farrell saw plenty of positives with international rookies like jonathan joseph , anthony watson and george ford impressing throughout while established campaigners such as ben youngs and billy vunipola looked rejuvenated . ‘ coming into the world cup , we 're in a great place , ’ farrell explained . ‘ there were a few injuries before the six nations and people got their opportunity . a lot of people took those opportunities . we 're fortunate now that when we pick a 31-man squad ; all these guys will have had some experience at international level . ‘ not just experience , but in pressure situations like the french game for example . we’re certainly going to have a squad full of people that can certainly cope in this environment . ’ the england assistant coach says england are in great shape ahead of the tournament this summer . england will begin their preparations for the tournament with a two-week training camp at pennyhill park in early july . the squad will then embark on a trip to colorado in texas for a fortnight of high-intensity training at high-altitude before returning for three warm-up games against france ( twice ) and ireland prior to the tournament . england must name a 31-man world cup squad by august 31 and farrell admits that some tough selection calls lay ahead . ‘ the first train-on squad , we could pick up to 50 players . there 'll be good players disappointed that they 've not got into that squad ! ‘ imagine taking it down to 31 - there 's going to be a lot of players , good players , missing out on what is dream playing in a home world cup so it 's a big thing for us selection because you 've got to get it right… it 's so important . ‘ we 're together for at least three months before the competition starts which will hopefully be seven weeks long for us so it 's a hell of a long time together so we have to make sure that we break it up . ’ it doesn’t get any easier once the tournament begins as england will look to qualify from a group that also contains test heavyweights australia and wales . england missed out on the six nations title despite an impressive victory against france . farrell ( right ) says stuart lancaster ( left ) has some tough decisions to make in terms of selection . home advantage may prove decisive and farrell cites the twickenham factor as a major fillip for his side ahead of the tournament . ‘ obviously , twickenham 's our home . it 's a bit of a fortress for us . we play very well here . the crowd always gets behind us . they are the 16th man . we 've been fortunate over the last three years . you ca n't actually nail your hat on which was the best atmosphere now because there 's been so many of them . ‘ the new zealand game , all the welsh games , the irish games or the last game here ( against france ) - they 're all pretty special . following their meetings with fiji , australia and wales at twickenham , england will play their final pool a game against minnows uruguay at the etihad stadium in manchester . and farrell , who was born and bred in wigan , is thrilled that england are venturing out of the capital during the tournament . ‘ it 's going to be great for us to get up north because there 's a lot of northerners in our side anyway , ’ farrell added . ‘ it 'll be great to get back to our roots and show the people of manchester what it 's about as well . we want to feel the buzz around the whole country behind us not just people down here . ’ farrel says the home crowd will be vital at twickenham at the world cup . andy farrell was representing england rugby at an event hosted by qbe , the business insurance specialist and official insurance partner of england rugby . to make a nomination and enter the qbe my coach head to qberugby.com .