as the world spotlight shines on a german courtroom in the trial of the ' auschwitz bookkeeper ' oskar groening , hidden in the shadows are the forgotten women who served as guards at hitler’s death camps . now , seven decades on and in the twilight of their lives , these former ss guards who ruled the human slaughterhouse auschwitz with an iron fist will go to their graves having escaped justice . of the 3,700 women who served at nazi death camps , just three were investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder . scroll down for video . no justice : charlotte s , left , now 94 , was an ss guard in the nazi death camps ravensbrück and auschwitz , according to stasi records , while gisela s , is pictured right in her card index of concentration camp guards . culpable : there were 3,700 women who served in the nazi death camps during the second world war - but only three have been investigated by prosecutors in germany for their roles as accomplices to mass murder . and , in a crushing blow to the millions of jews murdered at nazi death camps across europe , they are all deemed too ill or infirm to ever be punished . those ' merciless ' women who traded femininity , motherhood and marriage to wed themselves to the dark side of hitler 's third reich include charlotte s . a guard at the notoriously brutal women’s concentration camp of ravensbrueck , in northern germany , she was remembered by survivors as a feared woman who beat prisoners and unleashed on them her alsatian dog . a fanatical nazi , the dog handler patrolled the camp with her alsatian she had trained to bite at the inmates ' genitals . she was transferred to auschwitz where she and her teeth-baring dog were feared by the prisoners kept as slaves and worked in the sweatshop factories around the camp . one female prisoner after the war testified : ' there was a woman there with a kindly smile that masked a hideous nature . she was ramrod straight and had a snarling dog that was indoctrinated to hate the prisoners . ' we would be forced to stand stock still for hours and if anyone moved in the cold or the heat , the dog was unleashed . many people did not survive the maulings . ' brutal : the women patrolling the death camps were just as bad as their male counterparts . pictured : female overseers at bergen-belsen , having been taken prisoner by the british in april 1945 . tortured : prisoners look out from behind a barbed wire enclosure at the dachau concentration camp - where 41,500 died - in germany in 1945 . they and their relatives look likely to never get the justice they deserve . survivors : french prisoners pictured when the nazi concentration camp of dachau , near munich , was liberated by allied troops at the end of april 1945 . many of the nazi guards got away with their crimes by claiming they were just following orders . she began an affair with an ss man while serving at the camp and was discharged from the service in 1943 when she fell pregnant . after the war , in saxony-anhalt , which was behind the iron curtain , the communist authorities tried her for her wartime role and she was sentenced to 15 months in jail for ' mistreatment of and thefts from prisoners in her charge ' . now 94 , she still lives in the state and refuses to speak about her terrible past . nevertheless , unlike 93-year-old groening , a former ss sergeant being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder , charlotte s has been told there is no case for her to answer . another to get off scot free is gisela s , a 'hard-faced ' woman who worked in the feared ss under her maiden name of demming . she was a harsh disciplinarian who beat prisoners as punishment for petty rule infractions . gisela was also in charge of the standing cells - small , dark rooms where up to 15 people at a time were crammed into . it was not uncommon for her to leave prisoners in these rooms for days on end , causing the death of some or all of those confined . demming formed a romantic relationship with ss dr franz bernhard lucas but she abruptly ended it when he criticised the hideous experiments on prisoners carried out by notorious ' angel of death ' dr josef mengele on inmates . she was a true believer in the nazi racial policies that decreed jews , gypsies and slavs were ' lesser races ' who deserved nothing else . she appeared at the auschwitz trial of former guards and overseers in frankfurt in the 1960s - but escaped jail . and now prosecutors say she is also too old and frail to be tried in court . court : ss sergeant oskar groening , known as ' the bookkeeper of auschwitz ' , pictured during the war and today . he is charged with complicity in the killing of 300,000 jews at the camp . groening , pictured , told the court that he is ' morally responsible ' for the mass slaughter even though he did not participate personally in any violence . trial : people like auschwitz survivor eva pusztai-fahidi , left , from budapest and her 23-years-old granddaughter luca hartai , have traveled from all over the world to witness one of the few prosecutions held . possibly most frightening of all is gertrud elli senff , who revelled in the power she yielded to play ' god ' in choosing who should live and who should be sent to the auschwitz gas chambers . now 92 , she was formerly an ss guard at majdanek in lublin , poland , where an estimated 235,000 people were murdered during ww2 . prosecutors have traced her ss identity card . the card , bearing the number 312 , has been authenticated , which proves she was there . it carries the inscription : ' the holder is authorised to bear arms ' - meaning she was a pay-grade above ordinary guards usually only sanctioned to carrying a ' schlagstock ' - a ' beating stick . ' after service in majdanek she was sent to auschwitz , where she was based at birkenau - the gas chambers complex where 1.1million prisoners were exterminated . before the camp fell to the russians she was shipped back to germany and escaped justice at the end of the war . but officials at the ludwigsburg authority have , it is understood , testimony from several now deceased prisoners that she was a ' cruel ' and ' merciless ' guard who beat them with leather whips and who was present at the infamous railway ramp where daily ' selections ' were made about who should live - and who was to be gassed . now wheelchair bound , she was tracked down by the german daily newspaper , bild . her daughter said : ‘ we know that my mother had something to do with auschwitz . we have tried to talk with her about it but her memory doesn’t really function any more . ’ a recent drive to find the last of the guards before they die of old age has seen posters put up around the country , and 30 arrests made in february of last year . and prosecutors have still to decide on his case and a handful of others , but few are convinced that justice will be done . to many , particularly jews persecuted ruthlessly by the nazis , this is all a case of ' too little , too late ' . according to historian andreas eichmüller , of the 6,500 members of the ss who served in auschwitz and survived the war , only 29 were convicted in west germany and reunified germany , while about 20 were convicted in east germany . efforts were no doubt hampered originally by the judiciary , police and civil service which were , in the post-war years , full of former nazis . vicious : another was accused of making as many as 15 people stand for days on end in a tiny cell , a punishment which left people dead - but she will never be brought before the court to answer to the law . getting away with it : of the 6,500 members of the ss who served in auschwitz and survived the war , only 29 were convicted in west germany and reunified germany , while about 20 were convicted in east germany . ' unfortunately , very few people who committed the crimes had to pay for them , ' said efraim zuroff , the simon wiesenthal centre 's top nazi hunter . he added : ' the passage of time in no way diminishes the crimes ... . it 's only a shame that this kind of legal reasoning was not applied previously , because it would have led to many , many more cases of people who definitely deserved to be brought to justice . ' kurt schrimm , the head of germany’s special prosecutor’s office , which is responsible for investigating nazi era war crimes , who has worked to locate the remaining ss criminals and bringing them to justice 1986 . ' we owe it to the victims and to their families , '' he said . `` i want to do my job well for as long as it takes . the dead and the families of the dead deserve nothing less than to see justice done . '