france today voted to punish anyone who ' incites ' people to become dangerously thin with prison and huge fines . in a drastic step which will be studied closely in britain , mps particularly highlighted the irresponsibility of fashion websites which encourage women to keep their weight as low as possible . now these ‘pro-anorexia’ sites will face a year in prison and a fine equivalent to just over £7,000 . deputies in the national assembly in paris voted through the amendment to a law on public health and it is expected to be rubber-stamped by the senate . scroll down for video . unhealthy : french mps have voted to punish anyone who ' incites ' people to become dangerously thin with a year in prison and fines of up to £7,000 weeks after rejecting a ban on super-skinny models . it singled out those who ' provoke people to excessive thinness by encouraging prolonged dietary restrictions that could expose them to a danger of death , or directly impair their health . ' around 40,000 people suffer from anorexia in france , the vast majority women and teenage girls . maud olivier and catherine coutelle , the mps who proposed the law , said in a joint statement that ' certain sites known as pro-ana can push people into a vicious circle of anorexia and authorities can not do anything about it . ' they said the new law was not designed to threaten ' freedom of expression on the internet ' , but was a long overdue health reform . anorexia has one of the highest mortality rates of a psychiatric disorder and is extremely difficult to treat . in march , mps in france rejected a proposal that would have seen ultra-slim models banned from the fashion runways . however , the mp behind the planned law has vowed the fight is not over . at the time , olivier veran said : ' i believe that models should eat well and look after their health . french socialist politician olivier veran ( pictured ) has vowed to continue the fight to ban ultra-thin models from the catwalk in france . ' this is an important message to young women who see these models as an aesthetic example ' . he also proposed a new law that punish the ' glorification of anorexia ' , especially online . france 's national union of modelling agencies ( synam ) , has complained that new laws could harm the competitiveness of french modelling . a synam statement read : ' french modelling agencies are in permanent competition with their european counterparts . as a result , a european approach is needed . ' the french legislation comes after countries including spain , italy and brazil have all clamped down on skinny models at catwalk shows . spain has barred models below a certain body mass index from the madrid fashion shows , while italy has insisted on health certificates for fashion show participants . and brazil is considering demands to ban underage , underweight models from its catwalks . medical experts around the world have warned against the dangers of ultra-skinny catwalk models , and images airbrushed to make girls look thinner , which they say encourage anorexia in girls as young as six . fashion guru giorgio armani said recently that the fashion industry had a duty to ' work together against anorexia ' . he added : `` the industry has to recognise the link between its preference for abnormally thin models and the growth in eating disorders among young women . ' french restaurants are to be banned from offering free fizzy drinks refills to customers . mps in the national assembly voted to back the measure , which is aimed at cutting down on obesity . the ban applies to all fizzy drinks sold in places open to the public , whether they are fast food chains , bars , cafés or conventional restaurants . the amendment to a health bill written by udi mp arnaud richard reads : ‘ it is the role of the law to fix a framework to protect the population against commercial competition which aims to make something free to entice customers and encourage them to consume unhealthy products excessively . ’ it has won the backing of health minister marisol touraine , and public health campaigners worried about increasing obesity in france . ms touraine said : ‘ this habit is common in other countries and it is increasingly taking hold in france . ' free refills are the norm in most american restaurants , and were were introduced by quick , one of france’s most popular fast-food chains , last year . customers are given an empty cup with their food and they are then free to serve themselves from the soda fountains . kentucky fried chicken restaurants also introduced the marketing ploy . 