nigel farage suffered a fresh blow today after a poll of key marginal seats revealed voters were deserting ukip in droves and returning to labour and the tories . in 10 battleground constituencies polled by the tory peer lord ashcroft , ukip 's vote has fallen in nine . support for mr farage 's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others . scroll down for video . in 10 battleground constituencies polled by the tory peer lord ashcroft , ukip 's vote has fallen in nine of them . support for mr farage 's party has more than halved in two seats and by more than a third in most of the others . the revelation comes after a leaked poll revealed mr farage is on course to lose his own parliamentary election battle in ukip 's heartland in kent . the ukip leader has seen his support in thanet south collapse from a 12 point lead over the tories . he is now sitting in second place in the kent constituency , 1 per cent below his conservative rival craig mackinlay and only just ahead of labour . today 's polling also mirrors nationwide polls which show that ukip 's support has fallen by 25 per cent in the last six months alone . in november last year 18 per cent of voters said they were planning to vote for ukip – but this has since fallen to less than 12.5 per cent , with polling experts now predicting that it could drop below 10 per cent by next month . ukip 's dramatic collapse in support has not , however , led to a surge in support for the tories . according to lord ashcroft 's poll of 10 marginal constituencies today , the tories are set to lose four seats to labour but cling on in five . a tenth seat is too close to call between the two main westminster parties . the four seats labour are set to gain according to lord ashcroft are harrow east , hove , morecambe & linsdale and stockton south . according to lord ashcroft 's poll of 10 marginal constituencies today , the tories are set to lose four seats to labour but cling on to at least five . the results suggest labour has strengthened its position since lord ashcroft polled the same constituencies last year , when the party was only picking up three seats from the tories . the one seat which switched since last time is harrow east in west london where a small tory lead has turned a four-point advantage for labour . but if the general election was held tomorrow , the tories would hold on to five of the 10 marginal seats it won in 2010 – pendle , blackpool north & cleveleys , loughborough , kingswood and gloucester . comic al murray , also known as the pub landlord , arrived at thanet district council offices in margate , kent , today to hand in his nomination papers as he stands in the south thanet seat against ukip leader nigel farage . with the race in thanet south going down to the wire , any votes the comic takes from the main candidates could prove costly . lord ashcroft has one constituency – pudsey – where labour and the tories are tied . but the real shift in the seats , according to the tory peer 's polling , is the huge squeeze on ukip 's vote . lord ashcroft said : ' the most notable movement across the board in this round of polling was a move towards the two main parties at the expense of ukip . ' in this group of ten seats , the ukip share had fallen significantly – by up to ten points – in nine of the ten seats polled . ' in only one seat did i find the lead had switched between parties – harrow east , where a three-point conservative lead in december had become a four-point lead for labour . ' the star of ukip 's latest election poster has admitted he is not sure he is even going to vote for the party . tony rutherford , 59 , features on nigel farage 's party 's new poster highlighting the impact of eu laws on coastal communities . the poster , which was launched by the ukip leader in grimsby , reads : ' gutted . tony 's business has been ripped apart by the eu . ' nigel farage unveiled ukip 's latest campaign poster in support of the fishing industry during campaigning in grimsby today . the party has vowed to ' reclaim our territorial fishing waters , restore our fishing fleet and introduce sustainable fishing practices ' , as well as withdrawing from the common fisheries policy . mr rutherford , who started working full-time in the industry aged 15 , is managing director of bideford fisheries in bideford , north devon . his business has been badly hit and the quota , which has been blamed for bringing the industry in north devon to the brink of collapse when skate and ray fishing was halted in october . he praised the work of both conservative and ukip politicians locally in north devon but said he had not decided who he would support on may 7 - wishing he had two votes . mr rutherford , a third generation fisherman , said : ' what has been done to uk waters is totally disgusting with the amount of fish that is taken by europe . ' mr rutherford insisted he was supportive of any politician who campaigned to ' get our waters back ' - blaming the eu for the decline of his industry in the uk . he said : ' it 's not political . i 'd support any mp who agrees that we should have our uk waters back under our own control . ' mr rutherford said he had not met mr farage but praised him as a ' normal working man ' , who likes a drink and a smoke . but he praised the work of conservative candidate geoffrey cox , who is standing for re-election in torridge and west devon . he said : ' the local people for ukip and the conservatives have done so much for the fishing industry . it 's a pity i do n't have two votes . it will be a very tough choice . '