diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the fact there are no english clubs left in europe as he prepares atletico madrid for their champions league quarter-final second leg . the are no premier league clubs in the last eight of the competition after chelsea , arsenal and manchester city were eliminated at the last 16 stage , while everton were dumped out of the europa league in the previous round . and simeone , who takes his side to the bernabeu to face local rivals real madrid on wednesday , believes the failure of english clubs in europe this season should kick the country 's top-flight into gear . atletico madrid boss diego simeone has admitted his surprise at the plight of english clubs in europe . chelsea 's players look dejected during their costly draw at home to paris saint-germain last month . barcelona 's luis suarez beats joe hart during his side 's 2-1 win against manchester city at the etihad . click here to read simeone 's column in full . in an exclusive column for goal.com , simeone wrote : ' i am surprised there are no english clubs left in the champions league - english football has enormous potential with its footballers and also its financial clout . ' the fact that there is no english team left in the last eight of the champions league or in the europa league is a wake-up call for the premier league to look at why it is that , despite their great economic power and with all the many great footballers playing in england , chelsea are so far ahead of everyone else and why they have no teams left in europe . ' despite his shock at the plight of premier league clubs in the champions league this term , simeone believes that spain is still home to the two best teams in europe . la liga leaders barcelona are on the verge of reaching the semi-finals after a 3-1 win at paris saint-germain last week , while real have home advantage against atletico following a 0-0 draw at the vicente calderon . arsenal 's mesut ozil sits on the turf after his side 's last 16 champions league exit at the hands of monaco . simeone believes his side will face one of europe 's top two teams when they take on real madrid . beating barca to the title last season was harder than winning the champions league , according to simeone . simeone added : ' i believe there are many great players in the premier league and the financial conditions allow a number of teams to bring in top talents . that said , the spanish league still has the two best teams : real madrid and barcelona . ' so for us at atletico , we are competing against two teams with the obligation of winning the champions league . at the very least , madrid and barcelona are among the last eight in europe every season and usually the last four , so for atletico to win la liga last season was a tremendous achievement . ' atletico will fancy their chances in wednesday 's second leg after stopping carlo ancelotti 's side from scoring a potentially vital away goal in last week 's opener . the hosts will be without the injured trio of karim benzema , gareth bale and luka modric , while marcelo is suspended after being booked in the first leg . atletico madrid and real madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final . gareth bale will miss wednesday 's second leg after picking up an injury against malaga on saturday . 