a 20-year-old british tourist has claimed she was molested by a taxi driver in jaipur , who has now been arrested ( pictured posed by model ) . a taxi driver in india has been arrested after being accused of molesting a british tourist . the driver , known as salim , is alleged to have assaulted the tourist in jaipur on friday evening . the man , from todabhim in karauli district of rajasthan , is accused of assaulting the 20-year-old woman and is being held in custody . a spokesman for rajasthan police said they had taken statements from the woman and her friend , india times reported . ' we have arrested taxi driver salim on a complaint filed by a british tourist on early saturday . ' said the man . ' he was arrested under section 354 of ipc ( indian penal code ) . he was sent to judicial custody , ' his arrest follows a number of incidents reported to have taken place in india against tourists and locals , which have led to widespread protests . on february 8 a japanese tourist filed a complaint accusing a tout of raping her in dudu , around 60km away from jaipur . the woman had been on a tour when the man allegedly approached her and offered his service as a guide . in march a 75-year-old indian nun was gang raped by a group of eight robbers when she confronted them after they broke in to the convent of jesus and mary school in west bengal state 's nadia district . there is a heightened sensitivity to the issue of sexual assault in india at the moment after officials last month banned india 's daughter , a documentary about the gang rape and murder of an indian student in delhi . officials said the documentary would cause further disorder if it was shown , following a number of protests and incidents of vigilante justice in the country . the documentary explained the brutal rape and murder of 23-year-old student jyoti singh , who was attacked on a bus when she returned home from the cinema . recent attacks in india have resulted in street protests with many calling for more protection for women . one of the six men convicted of the attack , bus driver mukesh singh , was interviewed in prison and told researchers that had jyoti not fought back she would not have been killed . her death led to protests throughout india and outraged the world . jyoti singh pandey , a physiotherapy student , was gang raped as she travelled on a bus . the 23-year-old suffered in hospital for 13 days from her injuries before she died . vinay sharma , 20 , akshay thakur , 28 , pawan gupta , 19 , and mukesh singh , 26 , were all sentenced to death for her rape . ram singh , co-accused and widely considered the leader of the group , was found dead in his cell . a minor also found guilty was sentenced to three years in a reformatory institution . her death sparked angry protests in india and internationally about misogyny in the country . the attention forced judges to prioritise the case and the lawyer 's association in saket reportedly refused to defend the perpetrators . last month an angry mob were seen on video footage beating a man to death in the street who was accused of raping and murdering an 11-year-old girl . video footage has emerged of the brutal prolonged attack on the 18-year-old , which was watched by a jeering 1,000-strong crowd in nagaland in eastern india . ibo cha was said to have been beaten for an hour before he died of his injuries . the footage was shot in september last year after the girl 's body was found in woodland , enraging locals . but it only came to light after earlier this year alleged rapist syed sarif khan was kidnapped from prison and dragged through the streets of the same area . he was then stripped naked and beaten to death . he was accused but not convicted of raping a 19-year-old female student multiple times . later nagaland government said he was innocent .    