an alleged fraudster has been accused of posing as oprah winfrey , executives from her tv network , former obama aide reggie love and madonna 's manager in an attempt to trick people into giving him jobs , clothes , free food and jewelry worth $ 2.4million . justin jackson , a florida man , has been carrying out the bizarre schemes in the hope of cashing in on the freebies , or winning himself a job in luxurious hotels , according to court documents . jackson is being sued by oprah 's tv network as well as love - the college basketball star who went on to be the president 's personal assistant . ' con man ' : justin jackson , right , has been accused of pretending to be a host of celebrity-linked characters in order to score freebies and jobs . angel agarrat , left , is also named in a florida lawsuit attempting to get the pair to stop posing as other people . legal papers filed in a south florida federal court describe jackson waging an eight-year trail of deceit in which he variously posed as oprah herself , oprah 's nephew , love , an executive at the oprah winfrey network ( own ) , and managers of madonna and johnny depp . the earliest fraud , the papers said , saw jackson trick a new york city jeweler into lending him items worth $ 2.4million by pretending to be madonna 's manager . he contacted a store in july 2007 and said she needed the lavish items for a photoshoot , the papers said . when he got the items , he reportedly sold them to another jeweler and fled . the court papers say he was convicted for grand theft over the ruse , but later dreamed up new celebrity-linked schemes . the latest claims say jackson pretended to be oprah and her representatives in the hope of getting more freebies - and even posed as the famous talk show host to recommend him for jobs . he allegedly sent letters on forged own stationery to five different hotel groups with locations in florida , recommending himself for work at the locations . ' impersonator ' : jackson ( right ) is accused of sending messages purporting to be former obama aide reggie love ( left ) , whom he said worked for oprah . the right-hand photograph , court papers claim , was emailed from an email account allegedly belonging to johnny depp 's manager , asking for tickets to see oprah . the papers claim some of the notes purportedly to be directly from oprah , while others claimed to be from love , who was signed off as the star 's ' executive assistant and personal aide ' . also named in the claims was angel agarrat , whom lawyers claim was also involved in the deception , and was subject of some of the bogus letters of recommendation for jobs . in one of the exchanges , jackson allegedly suggested that if he and agarrat were to be given work at the hotels , oprah would make a personal appearance there . one letter even claimed jackson was oprah 's nephew . love has never worked for oprah . other schemes allegedly saw jackson write to four different jewelry companies , as well as a clothe retailer , to get free goods allegedly meant for oprah . scheme : according to the claims , jackson signed some emails off as oprah , left , and others as scott garner , an executive at the oprah winfrey network . the claims date from around september 2013 to the end of 2014 . the documents also say jackson has a history of pretending to be love , and had tried in 2010 to trade off love 's own name to get free designer clothes , handbags and cheesecake factory vouchers . in a final case , jackson . own , love and scott garner , an executive at oprah 's company whose name was used , filed a joint suit against jackson and agarrat this week . it accuses the two of invasion of privacy , misappropriation of names , infringing trademarks and conspiracy . the documents ask that a judge files an injunction to stop the two using any of the false names , and also stakes a claim for financial damages . although no figures are specified , arguments in the court papers imply that the figure will be at least $ 75,000 . 