ever felt constrained by the lamp in your living room or bedroom ? wished you could place it on the other side of the room , but not had the plug socket needed ? well , your mood-lighting dreams are about to come true . philips has unveiled its latest foray into smart lighting which , thanks to its wireless and rechargeable features , can be moved wherever you want in your home . the dome-like hue go can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device via the philips hue app or any app developed for the lamp . scroll down for video . bowl of sunshine : the lamp uses a rechargeable battery and offers three hours of continuous light . when connected to the ' bridge ' , hue go can also be synced to music for a disco effect , as well as to television programmes , films and video games to create more of an atmosphere depending on the mood . the bridge is what links the app to the hi-tech bulbs . linked to wi-fi , it can connect up to 50 bulbs at a time . the bridge also connects a system to the wider world . with it a user can control lights remotely to ward off burglars , for example . mood lighting : the button has seven preset light settings : warm white light , cool daylight , and what philips describe as ' five natural dynamic effects ' that enhance moments such as meditation ( pictured ) . wakey wakey ! the dome-shaped lamp can also be used as a sleep aid and an alarm clock . it gradually dims or increases light intensity to gently encourage sleep or waking . the bowl-shaped lamp uses a rechargeable li-ion battery and offers up to three hours of continuous light after a 90-minute charge . rechargeable non–replaceable li-ion battery . up to 3 hours of light after a 90-minute charge . all shades of white , from warm to cold colour temperatures . 16 million colors . 5 dynamic effects : cozy candle , sunday coffee , meditation , enchanted forest , and night adventure . each dynamic effect has its own mix of colours to set the right mood . will cost $ 100 when it goes on sale in june . uk prices have not yet been announced . it comes with seven preset light settings , including ' warm white light ' , ' cool daylight ' and what philips describe as ' five natural dynamic effects ' . owners can also pick their favorite colour via a ' colour loop ' function . philips has patented the natural dynamic effects which include ' cozy candle ' , ' enchanted forest ' and ' night adventure ' . the company claims that each dynamic effect has its own mix of hues to set the right mood and enhance a moment . perhaps more usefully , the lamp can also be used as a sleep aid and an alarm clock . it gradually dims or increases light intensity to gently encourage sleep or waking . the light will be on sale in the us from june and cost $ 100 . it has gone on sale in the uk and is available at john lewis and amazon for £79.99 .  the bridge ( pictured ) links the app to the hi-tech bulbs . linked to wi-fi via a router , it connects up to 50 bulbs . spooky : when connected to the bridge , hue go can also be synced to music for a disco effect , as well as to television programmes , films and video games to create more of an atmosphere depending on the mood . the dome-like lamp can be controlled wirelessly from any ios or android device via the philips hue app ( pictured ) or any third party app developed for the hue . 