a man who killed his partner and her three young children sent pictures of the bodies to the children 's biological father as a ' birthday gift ' before killing himself in the grisly murder-suicide . latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , saskatchewan , in canada , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , were discovered wednesday . steve o’shaughnessy , 23 , was found dead just hours later after taking his own life in prince albert . o'shaughnessy had taken the six-month-old daughter he and gosling shared following the murders . police found the infant unharmed when they discovered o'shaughnessy 's body . latasha gosling , 27 , and her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , ( above ) were murdered early wednesday by gosling 's partner steve o'shaughnessy . o’shaughnessy , 23 , was found dead just hours later after taking his own life . police found the six-month-old baby daughter he shared with gosling alive and unharmed . gosling 's cousin tim funk said o'shaughnessy sent the photos in a text message to the children 's father , jason gosling , the day before his birthday . o'shaughnessy sent photos of the bodies in a text message to the children 's father jason gosling the day before his birthday . ' he sent them to him as a birthday gift , ' funk told the national post . latasha gosling was separated from her husband but not divorced , and jason gosling would often visit his three children at the trailer latasha shared with o'shaughnessy . according to latasha 's parents , o'shaughnessy became increasingly worried that his partner would leave him and return to her husband . they said o'shaughnessy had been seen yelling at latasha and her children and was known to lock them inside the trailer when he had to leave the house . latasha 's parents told the national post that they have since learned o'shaughnessy recently told her , ' if i ca n't have you , latasha , no one will ' . randy gross , latasha 's father , believes his daughter had tried to leave o'shaughnessy . neighbors said they heard yelling and screaming from the partners ' trailer earlier this week and saw police arrive late at night . one friend of latasha 's said the young mother had in fact ended her relationship with o'shaughnessy this week . latasha gosling was separated from her husband but not divorced , and jason gosling would often visit his three children at the trailer latasha shared with o'shaughnessy . according to latasha 's parents , o'shaughnessy became increasingly worried that his partner would leave him and return to her husband . amanda henderson , who met latasha through a facebook group for separated and divorced parents , told huffington post canada her friend broke up with o'shaughnessy because he cheated on her . latasha 's family referred to o'shaughnessy as a ' monster ' but said they are praying for his family . selina siwy , o'shaughnessy 's sister , wrote in a social media post that the family has been trying to get him ' help for years ' and they thought ' he was in the clear ' . ' we loved him then and we love him now , ' she wrote . latasha 's family hope the tragic story will inspire other women to not ' hestitate ' . ' for all victims ... get help fast . stay safe , ' said randy gross . a gofundme page to pay for the gosling family 's funeral costs and the surviving infant girl has since raised more than $ 50,000 . they said o'shaughnessy had been seen yelling at latasha and her children and was known to lock them inside the trailer when he had to leave the house . latasha and three of her children were murdered in their tisdale , saskatchewan home ( pictured ) .