this spot in colorado 's vail valley is so picturesque that a family stopped at nothing to build their home here - even if it meant shelling out $ 1 million just on the driveway . the italian-inspired mansion , which has incredible 360-degree views across the mountains , has now gone on the market for a tidy $ 29.5 million . homeowner dick rothkopf , a former toy company chief , chose the location for the estate in 2008 because his family enjoyed hiking in the nearby hills . but the property is so remote that it took two years , a team of engineers and $ 1 million to build the 1.5-mile driveway from the roadway to its front door , the wall street journal reported . incredible : this italian-inspired mansion in the mountains of vail , colorado has gone on sale for $ 29.5 million . stunning : the home , which was built in 2008 , is made from materials brought over from the homeowner 's trips to italy . spacious : inside the 13,000-square-foot home is a spacious gourmet kitchen , which is perfect for entertaining guests . opulent : the entire property has eight bedrooms and eight full bathrooms over two buildings , as well as an outdoor barn . european : the luxurious home is known as ' il podere ' - which means ' family homestead ' in the tuscan region . no details were spared at the 17,000-square-foot estate itself , either . the home , which is known as ' il podere ' - meaning ' family homestead ' - was built on 230 acres of land using materials collected during the rothkopfs ' trips to italy . it features a main residence with seven bedrooms , seven full bathrooms , three half bathrooms , an elevator and a gourmet kitchen across 13,000 square foot . there 's also a billiard room , a gym , an indoor basketball court and a home theater . outside is a pool with a spa and sauna , a pool house , a two-car garage and a tennis court , as well as a lake , a pond , a stream and stunning views . comfortable : a massive fireplace in a living room offers comfortable nights in for humans and pets alike . hidden : beneath arches and down walkways are recreation rooms for both children and adults . airy : large windows and terraces give terrific views across the vail valley in colorado . beautiful : as well as an office , the main home has seven bedrooms and seven full bathrooms . fully equipped : a large gym can also be found at the home , as well as a spa and a sauna . luxury : there is a movie theater inside the home , as well as a billiard room and an indoor basketball court . serene : the home is 25 minutes from vail 's ski slopes and less than two hours from aspen . picturesque : the family who built the property chose this spot in vail because they enjoyed hiking there . there is also a 2,000-square-foot caretaker 's house , with one bedroom and one-and-a-half bathrooms , while a separate barn also houses a loft and a bathroom . and if the home itself does n't offer enough entertainment , it 's just 25 minutes from vail 's ski slopes , an hour and 45 minutes from aspen and two hours from denver . the listing with douglas elliman calls the estate ' breathtakingly beautiful , tranquil , pristine ' . the family is leaving to build a home in sonoma , california but plans to buy a smaller place in vail so they can still make use of its slopes . large : as well as a separate building for a caretaker , the estate also has a barn with a loft and a bathroom . determined : its current owners were intent on living at the location so built a $ 1 million to the house . vistas : a swimming pool and terrace area gives unobstructed views across the valley . restful : there is also a spa and a sauna at the home , as well as a separate one-bedroom caretaker 's house . great outdoors : the estate , which also has a stream and pond , stretches across nearly 17,000 square foot . secluded : the driveway , which is a mile and a half long , took a team of engineers and two years to build . incline : the lengthy driveway also takes visitors up 700ft towards the sprawling estate .