nhs worker stacey tipler embezzled nearly £650,000 from a cancer hospital . pictured during her trial at southwark crown court last summer . an nhs worker who conned a hospital out of more than half a million pounds earmarked for life-saving cancer drugs has been ordered to pay back just £28,737 . stacey tipler , 33 , used her job to steal £642,000 from the royal marsden nhs trust which she spent on designer shopping sprees , mortgage payments and her planned wedding . but she and partner scott chaplin , 34 , who was the ringleader of the plot , were caught and both jailed last summer . at southwark crown court today , judge anthony leonard qc said tipler had made £54,852 from the scheme . at the proceeds of crime hearing , he ordered her to repay £28,737.90 within six months or spend another 18 months in jail . she 's already serving four years . chaplin claimed he ' made nothing ' from the scam but was ordered to repay £115,000 form the the £310,000 the judge said he made . judge leonard said : ' in my judgement it must have been the two people who received the majority of the proceeds of the fraud were this defendant and his common law wife ms tipler . ' for several months after december 2011 , she substituted account numbers of pharmaceutical firms who were due payment with the details of men recruited by her partner and the ringleader of the plot , 34-year-old scott chaplin . he was jailed for five-and-a-half years after being found guilty of the same offence and one count of conspiracy to money launder . passing sentence in july last year , judge leonard said that while chaplin from carshalton in surrey was the ' main instigator ' , tipler was ' invaluable ' to the scam , which he said could have been ' catastrophic ' for the hospital 's patients . he told her : ' it could only have been you who could have come up with the sophisticated and ingenious methods to ensure that your fraud went undetected . ' i am satisfied that it was not you who had the idea to defraud the hospital . it is my judgment that on your own this fraud would not have been committed . ' that said , once the idea was there , the position of trust you held made you invaluable in achieving the fraud . ' the skill which you showed in trying to ensure the fraud would go undiscovered was very great and very dishonest . it was a very clever but dishonest fraud . ' the judge accepted that the crime was hatched by scott chaplin , 34 , right , but said the position of trust tipler held was invaluable in the fraud . pictured outside southwark crown court during trial last summer . some of the money taken from the hospital was recovered but it was left £310,000 out of pocket . it was also ordered that part of the money tipler is to pay back go towards compensating the hospital . the royal marsden is a prominent hospital for cancer care , with past patients including the reality tv star jade goody and the actress susannah york . later chaplin , dressed in a short-sleeved blue and white striped shirt , stepped into the witness box and insisted he ' did n't make nothing ' from the hospital fraud . judge leonard said : ' the defendant maintains that he received nothing from the fraud that required his wife to act , as the jury found , to act fraudulently in her role as an accountant for the royal marsden hospital . ' tipler 's defence was that she acted under duress and that was rejected by the jury and indeed i reject it too . ' royal marsden hospital , a specialist in cancer care . it 's one of the places that benefitted from cancer drugs that the funds tipler stole were intended to pay for . the trust was left £310,000 out of pocket by the scam . he added that the couple must have seen the majority of the proceeds . judge leonard refused to accept his account and ordered him to repay £115,000 from the £310,857 he defrauded within six months or face two more years in jail . money of varying amounts was passed to the accounts of adrian horan , 43 , clinton woollery , 36 , thomas quinlan , 27 , russell baker , 33 , and william flynn , 38 . woollery was ordered to repay just £3,062 despite netting £59,525 from the scam . he will face just six weeks in jail if he does not pay the money within four months . fourth defendant flynn will return to southwark crown court at a later date for his hearing . tipler and chaplin were convicted of conspiracy to defraud and horan pleaded guilty to the same charge . horan , from sutton ; woollery , from carshalton ; baker , from worcester park ; quinlan , from banstead ; harriott , from sutton and william flynn , from wallington , surrey ; admitted converting criminal property . 