a queensland man was shocked when he discovered his delivery from five kilometres away had been on 2000km journey . the man , who only gave his name as chris ordered some computer equipment be delivered from griffith university at nathan in brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart . the tracking information of his delivery detailed its three-day , two-state odyssey . chris said australia post had not been in touch to apologise for the delay . the package was sent almost 2000kms away to chullora in new south wales , after it was picked up in nathan , queensland . the package was picked up from the sender in nathan , queensland , on monday , april 20 at 12:26pm . it was then sent 934kms to an australia post facility in chullora , nsw , to be processed , and arrived on tuesday , april 21 , at 1:19pm . the next day it was sent all the way back to queensland , and was processed at a facility in underwood on wednesday , april 22 , at 6:35pm . the package finally made it to sunnybank on thursday , april 23 , at 10:02am . chris , 20 , ordered some computer equipment be delivered from griffith university at nathan in brisbane’s south to a parcel locker at sunnybank- located less than five kilometres apart . ' there 's just no common sense , ' chris , 20 , told daily mail australia . he also said he had problems with deliveries in the past , he ' following up on the whereabouts of a package/complain about a driver not attempting a delivery used to be a monthly occurrence ' . ' we have grown so accustomed to having australia post as the only viable option that they 've settled for incompetence , ' chris said . he said australia post had not contacted him to apologise for the delay . he also suggested introducing penalties to help improve the quality of service . the delivery information shows the journey a queensland man 's package was sent on . ' we have grown so accustomed to having australia post as the only viable option that they 've settled for incompetence , ' chris said . 