no footballer has ever been late for kick-off because he was tied up negotiating a new contract . so , from the start , raheem sterling’s explanation for the end of his conversations with liverpool did not stand up . it isn’t the talks that are the distraction . it is the thinking . no player is sat in an office haggling over image rights , only to check his watch at 3.30pm and bolt out of the door . a player may feel uncertainty about his future . his brain may whirl over where he will play next season . liverpool ? arsenal ? abroad ? yet postponing the process to the end of the season doesn’t solve that issue . if anything , it makes it worse . if sterling wanted to stop thinking right now , he could sign his new deal or tell liverpool to come back in a year . he has , after all , got more than two seasons left on his existing arrangement . raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . sterling ( right ) has confirmed that he rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool . the 20-year-old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday giving his reasons for his decision . so all sterling did , the day his advisers ended negotiations until may at the earliest , was complicate his affairs . it is not as if he will be able to forget about the decision in the coming weeks , particularly as his stance appears to have damaged his relationship with liverpool’s supporters . without doubt , they were dissatisfied with his attitude even before this week’s ill-conceived bbc interview . as liverpool’s hopes of a champions league place next season became increasingly remote with the home defeat against manchester united , sterling bore the brunt of the dissent . in truth , his performance was little worse than any of his team-mates that day - but he is the one who is seen as disloyal , as rejecting at the first opportunity the club and manager that have best developed his game . liverpool and brendan rodgers have done well by sterling . they made him a key player in last season’s title near miss , got him to the world cup . he owes them a little more respect than has been displayed in recent weeks . he owes them enough to know it is downright rude to talk of being flattered by arsenal just days before the teams meet . liverpool are entitled to think it is equally flattering for a club of its stature to offer a salary worth more than £5million annually . apparently not . sterling ( left ) shakes hands with liverpool manager brendan rodgers during training on thursday . sterling has played in various positions this season under rodgers - including as a striker and at wing back . among the reasons advanced for sterling’s coldness towards a long-term commitment at liverpool has been rodgers’s recent decision to play him at right wing back . this has been a result of injuries and suspensions , rather than a long-term strategy - but it does raise wider questions regarding the mindset of english players , and why many might find their pathway blocked . would a young player brought up through ajax’s system , for instance , be so affronted by this temporary change ? why is it the english in particular that see football in straight lines ? sterling has played as a centre forward , a no 10 , a wide midfielder and now a wing back . isn’t this the versatility that we envy in the best foreign teams ? isn’t this an education ? why is it that england produces pigeon-holed full backs or midfielders , and not footballers ? shouldn’t a player - certainly one who wishes to command in excess of £100,000 a week - be able to fill in anywhere ? indeed , shouldn’t he welcome that endorsement from his manager ? arsenal progressed to the 2006 champions league final at a time when ashley cole was injured . in his place through the knockout stages , home and away against real madrid , juventus and villarreal , was the 22-year-old french midfielder mathieu flamini . he hadn’t played full back in his entire professional career , he said . but he never complained , and arsenal didn’t concede in any of his six matches . midfielder mathieu flamini ( right ) was used a full back in arsenal 's run to the 2006 champions league final . flamini isn’t a creative in sterling’s mould - but then right wing back isn’t the same as left back , either . sterling is still operating as a winger when liverpool attack . flamini , a central midfielder , was used strictly as a defender . it wasn’t as if arsene wenger was gung-ho in those games : three ended goalless , two in 1-0 victories . flamini performed with exceptional discipline . one imagines that midfielder emre can didn’t sign for liverpool expecting to be part of a back three . rodgers first used him as a defender this season against burnley in december , and he has remained there ever since . can is german , though , the product of a more intellectually vibrant football culture . world cup-winning captain philipp lahm eagerly switched between holding midfield and full back . midfield lynchpin bastian schweinsteiger began his career as a right winger , while thomas muller can play centre forward , support striker , attacking midfielder and winger . every player will have a favourite position but in england these desires become entrenched . even the most gifted , such as steven gerrard , never seemed entirely at ease with his versatility . maybe sterling should spend his time thinking less about his contract and more about the type of footballer he wishes to be ; maybe about the type of footballer who can demand more than £100,000 a week . because that player goes wherever his team needs him — and that makes him worth the coin . sterling 's liverpool team-mate emre can ( centre ) has been used mainly in defence , despite being a midfielder .