royal dutch shell plc said it has filed a complaint in federal court in alaska seeking an order to remove greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil rig in the pacific ocean bound for the arctic on monday in a protest against arctic drilling . the environmental group said in a statement its team would occupy the underside of the main deck of the polar pioneer , which is under contract to shell , and plans to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to arctic drilling . the group said the activists would not interfere with the vessel 's navigation . scroll down for video . on the rig : greenpeace activists scale the polar pioneer drill rig in the pacific ocean . map : the activists boarded the rig just 750 miles northwest of hawaii as it makes its journey to the arctic . at dawn on monday , the six , from the usa , germany , new zealand , australia , sweden and austria , sped towards the polar pioneer in inflatable boats launched from the greenpeace ship esperanza . climbers : all greenpeace activists aboard the rig are experienced climbers and say they do n't plan to interfere with the ship 's course . ' we 're here to highlight that in less than 100 days shell is going to the arctic to drill for oil , ' 32-year-old johno smith , one of the six to board the blue marlin , the ship carrying the rig , said in the statement . ' shell 's actions are exploiting the melting ice to increase a man-made disaster . climate change is real , ' he added . shell said in an emailed statement that it has met with groups against oil drilling off alaska 's shores and ' respect their views ' but condemned the boarding . ' we can confirm that protesters from greenpeace have illegally boarded the polar pioneer , under contract to shell , jeopardizing not only the safety of the crew on board , but the protesters themselves , ' shell said . the move comes just days after the u.s . interior department upheld a 2008 lease sale in the chukchi sea off alaska , moving shell a step closer to returning to oil and gas exploration in the arctic since it suffered mishaps in the region in 2012 . the people vs shell : the activists hope they will draw media attention to oil drilling in the arctic . reveal a list : greenpeace activists scale the polar pioneer drill rig in the pacific ocean to unfurl a banner with the names of millions of people opposed to arctic drilling . long haul : the activists used ropes and climbing equipment to scale the 38,000-tonne platform . many environmentalists oppose offshore energy exploration in the arctic , saying that once production begins any oil spill would be extremely difficult to clean up . oil industry interests say the arctic will be important to the united states ' energy security in coming decades when output from shale formations is expected to wane . images published by greenpeace showed the activists using climbing gear to move from an inflatable boat onto the blue marlin heavy-lift vessel towing the pioneer , one of two drill rigs heading to the region , as it cruised some 750 miles ( 1,207 km ) northwest of hawaii . the six activists planned to camp on the 38,000-tonne polar pioneer platform , which they boarded using inflatable boats from the greenpeace vessel ' esperanza . ' tweeting from the rig : aliyah field tweeted she 'd love some coffee but that the sunrise over the pacific is gorgeous even from the side of the oil rig . many names : aliyah maybe referring to the list of names the activists will hang showing all the people who are opposed to oil drilling in the arctic . the six -- from the united states , germany , new zealand , australia , sweden and austria -- have supplies for several days and can communicate with the outside world , greenpeace said . ' we made it ! we 're on shell 's platform . and we 're not alone . everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power ! ' tweeted one of the six , aliyah field . johno smith from new zealand added : ' we 're here to highlight that in less than 100 days shell is going to the arctic to drill for oil . ' this pristine environment needs protecting for future generations and all life that will call it home . but instead shell 's actions are exploiting the melting ice to increase a man-made disaster . ' a shell spokeswoman , kelly op de weegh , blasted the action . ' we can confirm that protestors from greenpeace have illegally boarded the ' polar pioneer , ' under contract to shell , jeopardizing not only the safety of the crew on board , but the protestors themselves , ' she said on monday . she added : ' shell has met with organizations and individuals who oppose energy exploration offshore alaska . we respect their views and value the dialogue . ' we will not , however , condone the illegal tactics employed by greenpeace . nor will we allow these stunts to distract from preparations underway to execute a safe and responsible exploration program , ' she said in a statement .