a photographer has described the horror of being left almost completely blind in one eye by her contact lens . lucy garrod , now 27 , developed an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion , caused by a bacterial infection which grew under her right lens . miss garrod had been wearing contact lenses since she was 15 with no problems , but woke up one day with an itchy and irritable right eye . lucy garrod , 27 , was left partially blind in her right eye after bacteria began growing underneath her contact lens , causing an ulcer known as a corneal abrasion . miss garrod had worn contact lenses for 12 years with no problem , but woke up one morning feeling as though her eye was ' the size of a golf ball ' . miss garrod feared she would not be able to carry on with her photography degree due to going partially blind in one eye . but she learned to take photographs with her left eye and passed with first class honours . she said it felt like it had swollen to the size of a golf ball , and rushed to see her gp , who prescribed drops . a few days later her eye was still swollen and bloodshot so she went to hospital , where tests revealed the corneal abrasion . doctors said the ulcer was growing on the surface of her eye , millimetres away from permanently blinding her . she spent a week in hospital , where medics broke the news that she was still partially blind . as a result , she feared she would not be able to complete the last year of her photography degree . determined not to give up , she taught herself how to take photographs with her left eye , and passed her degree with first class honours . fortunately , laser eye surgery was later able to restore her sight . miss garrod , a freelance photographer living in london , said : ' that day i 'd put my lenses in late that morning , but by 4pm my eye was aching . ' it was itchy and usually if you rub it , it was okay . ' but that day i had a sharp shooting pain , the worst i 'd ever experienced . ' two hours later i took my lenses out and removed my make-up , thinking it might be irritating my eye , but there was no relief . corneal abrasions are a small scratch on the cornea , the clear window at the front of the eye . they are generally a result of injury to the surface of the eye . common causes include a fingernail scratching the eye , walking into something , and getting grit in the eye , particularly if the eye is then rubbed . it can also be caused by certain eye conditions , including trachoma , a bacterial infection . injuries can also be caused by contact lens being put in and removed from the eye . abrasions are very painful because there are many nerves that supply the cornea . the pain gets better as your eye heals , but this can take between 24 and 48 hours . if the abrasion involves the central part of your cornea , your vision could also be temporarily affected . apart from the pain , your eye might be watery , red and sensitive to light . if your eye becomes increasingly red or painful after treatment or your sight becomes much more blurred , see an eye doctor again or contact the hospital . source : moorfields eye hospital . ' i could close my eye and thought that might take the pain away but it did n't and straining gave me a headache . ' i was awake most of the night . ' the next morning miss garrod , who is originally from jersey , looked in the mirror and found her eye was swollen . she said : ' it felt like size of a golf ball . ' my gp said i could have conjunctivitis but i 'd had it before . ' it made my eye itchy but this felt worse , painful . ' she was given eye drops , which she used for a couple of days until the pain got worse and she went to beckenham hospital , where she was given cream to soothe her eyes . however , just two days later her eye was so bloodshot she went back to hospital . tests showed she had a corneal abrasion , an ulcer on her eye , caused by bacteria getting under her lens . because her eye was so sensitive she spent a week in a dark room , a nurse coming in every half an hour , 24 hours a day , to give her eyes drops . ' the pain was under control but i was so bored , ' she recalled . next , doctors broke the news that she had lost sight in her right eye , due to the ulcer 's position . she said : ' the good news was if the ulcer had been millimetres over i would have lost my sight completely . ' as it was slightly off centre , i would be left partially sighted in that eye . ' but i 'd got used to that . my vision had been blurred since my eye first itched . ' miss garrod was terrified she might not be able to complete the second and third years of her photography degree at bournemouth university . after she was discharged from hospital she had to learn to use her left eye to take pictures . previously she had used her right eye to do this , but she could n't now she was partially sighted in that eye . she was told she would not be able to have laser surgery to fix it as it required cutting a flap in the lens , which was not strong enough for the procedure and would tear . miss garrod was forced to spend a week in hospital where nurses put drops in her eye every half an hour for 24 hours . fortunately , years later she had laser eye surgery to restore the sight in her eye . miss garrod struggled with her photography course as she was partially blinded in one eye . she says her friend bex ( left ) helped he take notes and assisted her on shoots . a specialist then suggested she could ' piggy back ' her lenses , to improve her sight in that eye . it meant wearing a hard lens directly on her eye as a softer one would sink in to the ulcer , then putting a soft lens on top of that . miss garrod said : ' i 'd have to get used to wearing two lenses so i said , `` i 'll just wear glasses . '' for the next month miss garrod continued to use the drops and creams she had been given , to help her eye heal . she said : ' my eye was uncomfortable and still watering . ' i struggled with my uni course and had to teach myself how to use my left eye to take photos as my right one was blurry . ' my tutor said i should take a year out but i refused and stuck it out . ' my best friend , who was on my course , helped me take notes and assisted me with photo shoots . without her i would n't have got through it . ' then my dad found a specialist who suggested a stronger hard lens to improve my sight . ' it meant miss garrod could complete her degree and gain a first class honours . she wore the hard lenses for the next few years . however the sight in her right eye was still limited and the lenses started to become irritating and uncomfortable . then , she was referred to the private london vision clinic , and told that in fact she could have laser surgery to renew and improve her sight in both eyes . she said : ' as i 'd been told before i would n't be able to have laser treatment , i thought they would n't be able to help . ' but miss garrod had surgery on both eyes , to improve her left eye so she would n't have to wear glasses or lenses . miss garrod wore glasses as a young girl ( pictured ) but had worn contact lenses ever since she was 15 with no problems , until she developed the corneal abrasion that left her partially blind . next , ultrasound was used to guide a laser to remove the scarred area of her right eye , while preserving the clear tissue underneath , restoring her sight in that eye . she said : ' the surgery was painless and took only a few days to heal . i was nervous but it was over in a minute and i did n't feel a thing . ' having an infection was rubbish . ' you do n't want these things to happen . ' but if it had n't , there 's no way i would have got to the clinic , where the staff were great . ' after i took out my lenses that day i threw them away but if i 'd kept them i could have sent them off to find out what the bacteria was and how it caused my infection . ' i find it hard to understand how a contact lens could have damaged my eye so badly . ' i did everything right but still almost lost my sight . ' rising numbers of young people are suffering potentially devastating eye infections due to a lack of knowledge of the risks of contact lenses , say experts . opticians advise adhering to the basic hygiene rules below , in order to protect the eyes from infection , injury and disease : for more information and contact lens advice , visit the british contact lens association ( bcla ) website . 