a pennsylvania woman said she and her sister-in-law were beaten by a group of teenagers all because she told them to quiet down during a movie . cindy santamaria-williams , of stroudsburg , pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket following the alleged attack on easter sunday . santamaria-williams tearfully told wpxi that she shushed three girls in the dark theater during fast and furious 7 because they were cursing loudly . scroll down for video . battered : cindy santamaria-williams , of stroudsburg , pennsylvania is covered in bruises and has a broken eye socket after she was allegedly attacked at a movie theater by three teenage girls . santamaria-williams claims the unidentified teens waited for her outside the theater where they pummeled her . santamaria-williams said they declared , ' when one swings , we all swing . ' ' they immediately jumped on me and knocked me to the ground , punched me in the face , ' williams said . police are on the hunt for the teenagers and said that they will face assault charges if caught . police said they are using mall surveillance to try and identify the attackers . santamaria-williams said she would remember the girls ' faces without difficulty . bruised : santamaria-williams says she was knocked down to the ground outside of a movie theater on easter sunday and is begging police to find her attackers . ' they were in my face . their face is in my head . if i see them again or in a line up , i know exactly who they are , ' santamaria-williams said . santamaria 's sister-in-law was also injured but she has not been identified and the extent of her injuries is unknown at this time . police expressed their condolences and said they are committed to finding the suspects . ‘ when you go to the movies , you do n't need to be at risk to have your family endangered , and we 're talking about even easter sunday , you know , to come out and be engaged in this , ’ said stroud area regional police chief william parrish . the theater : police are looking at surveillance footage from this theater in stroudsburg , pennsylvania where a woman was allegedly beaten after going to see fast and furious 7 . 