with just 28 days to go before polling day , labour and the tories remain neck and neck . the latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent , pointing to another hung parliament on may 7 . but while voters are saying one thing in public , britain 's bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private – with punters placing a flood of cash on the tories . scroll down for video . while voters are saying one thing in public , britain 's bookies are seeing a completely different picture in private – with punters placing a flood of cash on the tories . twice as many bets on who will win the most seats have been placed on the conservatives than labour , mailonline can reveal . one bookie alone has taken five bets for more than £10,000 on david cameron 's party to emerge with the most seats – with not a single bet of this size on ed miliband 's labour . the betting market echoes polls which have revealed that people expect mr cameron to remain prime minister – even if they are not planning to vote for the tories themselves . with the election going down to the wire , bookies have seen a flood of political bets . gambling industry experts told mailonline this year 's general election to be the first in history with more than £100million placed on its outcome – three times the amount staked in 2010 . the bookies paddy power said they are expecting the election to be the biggest non sporting market in its history – topping the market on the next pope after benedict 's retirement and the flood of bets on the royal baby in july 2013 . so far it has seen twice as much staked on the general election this year than at the same point last time . the largest bet placed with paddy power was a £50,000 punt on a hung parliament which was made at the end of march with odds of just 1/5 . the lucky punter would scoop £10,000 if neither party won a majority . overall , the betting market is pointing to another hung parliament but with the tories as the largest party . the latest polls have the two main parties locked on around 35 per cent , pointing to another hung parliament on may 7 . 3/1 ed miliband to be photographed eating another bacon butty . 16/1 david cameron to get the average supermarket price of a pint of milk wrong by 10p or more . 10/1 eric pickles to be photographed visiting more than five chippies . 20/1 royal baby to be born on general election day . while most of the bets have been placed on who will be the biggest party , there have also been a host of left-field punts . more than 100 bets have been placed on ukip becoming the largest party in the house of commons – at odds of 100/1 . if either party were to pull off the shock feat , the bookies would be forced to pay out more than £100,000 . overall , the betting market is pointing to another hung parliament but with the tories as the clear largest party . the betting suggests the tories will win 285 sears , twelve ahead of labour on 273 - with the lib dems finishing with just 25 mps , ukip 4 and the snp 42 . despite the lib dems ' struggles , mr clegg is still expected to stay on as the party 's leader at the end of the year – with 80 per cent of bets on his future backing him to stay in place . the snp , meanwhile , are being backed to triumph in scotland – scooping 43 seats – while ukip are only expected to win in four constituencies . betting at another bookmaker coral paints a similar picture . a spokesman for the bookmaker said the bets it had taken suggested that that the conservatives will win 285 seats , with labour finishing on 264 . coral is forecasting 45 seats for snp , 27 for the liberal democrats and 7 for ukip . coral 's simon clare said : ' this promises to be the most open , exciting and unpredictable general election in history but we are putting our necks , and our odds , on the line with this coral election forecast and are confident that it will prove a reliable guide to the outcome on 7th may . ' ladbrokes ' forecast meanwhile shows the conservatives ahead of labour by just four seats . the map forecasts a total win of 278 for the tories compared to 274 for labour , with the snp on 41 ahead of 30 for the lib dems and 3 for ukip .