he is known as the ‘ accidental billionaire’ who co-founded his company in an extremely modest apartment above a sex shop at the age of 22 , but mike cannon-brookes has proved just how far he has come by splashing out on a sought-after property in sydney’s east . the 35-year-old it entrepreneur is australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40 – although he shares the title with his business partner scott farquhar after they established software company atlassian 12 years ago . they are now joint ceos and equal partners to the company , which is worth a reported $ 3.5 billion . cannon-brookes , now a married father , is reportedly the mystery buyer who spent $ 12 million to make a stunning 1918 centennial park mansion their home , according to domain . scroll down for video . mike cannon-brookes will have the option of working in the incredible library , which also doubles as a home office . the room has stunning wall to ceiling shelves on all four walls , as well as a beautiful window above the work bench . of course , there is also an elaborate chandelier . upon entering the home the visitor is greeted with incredible high ceiling , wide hallways and decorative archways . attention to detail is intricate with chandeliers , polished floorboards and heritage woodwork etchings . the climate controlled wine cellar with wall-to-wall wine racks and an abundance of shelving is a dream for any wine connoisseur . despite his incredible success , the brilliant entrepreneur is incredibly down-to-earth , dedicated to hard work and is still renowned for always wearing his trademark fashion item - a cap . he will share the home with his wife , annie todd , the designer behind fashion label house of cannon . they have a young family together . on thursday , todd held her first ever runway show as part of mercedes benz’s fashion week australia in sydney . the incredible property , ‘braelin’ on lang road in sydney’s east was only listed for two weeks before it was removed from the mcgrath real estate website . the property was originally designed by architect donald esplin for former lord mayor of sydney sir allen taylor . it still has many of the beautiful classic touches , although it has been renovated to include immaculate modern feature and , of course , top of the range it gadgets . 35-year-old it entrepreneur mike cannon-brookes has lucrative property in sydney’s east in a hush . ‘ braelin is an architecturally redesigned masterpiece displaying an effortless blend of original period details and luxurious contemporary inclusions , ’ mcgrath’s agent ben collier wrote on the listing . the kitchen has been constructed with stunning hermes marble and state-of-the-art appliances , with a contrast between the dark toned wood and sparkling white benches . the charming atrium courtyard overlooks the pool and is set in the pristine gardens - perfect for entertaining in the sunshine . the outdoor setting is perfect for alfresco dining , set away from the house in the peaceful garden setting and overlooking the pool . the immaculate five bedroom property is perfect a young , successful couple with a growing family who want the perfect balance of comfort , practicality and luxury . the property boasts a salt water pool and incredible manicured gardens – perfect for a little children to explore and to offer the family privacy in their perfect retreat . entry to the house is through a beautiful winding footpath , lined by trees with stunning red blooms and lush yet perfectly manicured gardens . the stunning residence is just metres from 101 acre of parkland at centennial park , on the edge of the city and a short drive to bondi beach . the five-bedroom home also has its own self-contained unit . the home has a breathtaking long corridor with classic archway details and high ceilings . the kitchen has been constructed with stunning hermes marble and state-of-the-art appliances , with a contrast between the dark toned wood and sparkling white benches . the home is light and airy with absolute attention to detail . wood is prominent throughout the home with a polished , warm feel . the rumpus room in the separate unit overlooks the pool and is completely self-contained - a fun , relaxing retreat . the charming atrium courtyard overlooks the pool and is set in the pristine gardens - perfect for entertaining in the sunshine . the meticulously decorated bedrooms are beautifully finished with polished floorboards , high ceilings and tasteful chandeliers . the masterbedroom is a stunning retreat with a luxurious walk in wardrobe which functions as a full dressing room . the ensuite has a striking purple feature wall , spacious shower lining the wall and a stand alone bathtub . the climate controlled wine cellar with wall-to-wall wine racks and an abundance of shelving is a dream for any wine connoisseur . entry to the homeis through a winding footpath , lined by trees with stunning red blooms and lush yet perfectly manicured gardens . the masterbedroom is a stunning retreat with a luxurious walk in wardrobe which functions as a full dressing room . cannon-brookes grew up in the us , taiwan , hong kong and england before finishing his schooling at cranbrook in sydney’s east - not far from his new home in the exclusive suburb of centennial park . he and his partner , faquahar , are known as the accidental billionaires as they founded software company atlassian 13 years ago with the aim of making the graduate starting salary of $ 48,000 without the inconvenience of an employer . instead , they found considerably more success than first planned and became self-made billionaires by the age of 34 . cannon-brookes grew up in the us , taiwan , hong kong and england before finishing his schooling at cranbrook in sydney’s east . they debuted on the brw’s young rich list of the richest australians aged 40 and under in 2007 . they debuted independently of each other on the rich 200 list in 2013 with $ 250 million each . despite his incredible success , the brilliant entrepreneur is incredibly down-to-earth , dedicated to hard work and is still renowned for always wearing his trademark fashion item - a cap . he and his partner , faquahar , are known as the accidental billionaires as they founded software company atlassian 13 years ago with the aim of making the graduate starting salary of $ 48,000 without the inconvenience of an employer . despite his incredible success , the brilliant entrepreneur is incredibly down-to-earth , dedicated to hard work and is still renowned for always wearing his trademark fashion item - a cap . the 35-year-old it entrepreneur is australia’s equal richest self-made billionaire under 40 – although he shares the title with his business partner scott farquhar after they established software company atlassian 12 years ago .