a mother has revealed her addiction to alcohol has cost the nhs more than £100,000 . julie merner 's heavy drinking has resulted in her being admitted to hospital 13 times in the last six years . in january , following her latest admission , the 39-year-old vowed to quit the habit , which has ravaged her liver , causing her to suffer severe cirrhosis . ' i know if i carry on , i will end up dead - they say one more drop will kill me , ' said the mother-of-three , who has been left with ' luminous ' jaundiced skin . not a drop of alcohol has passed ms merner 's lips since january - marking her longest spell of abstinence . scroll down for video . julie merner , 39 , has revealed her alcoholism has cost the nhs £100,000 . in the last six years , the mother-of-three , who suffers severe liver cirrhosis , has been admitted to hospital 13 times . but the damage to her health is severe . she can barely manage to speak as she struggles for breath . and her stomach regularly bloats with liquid , which is no longer being processed by her liver . regularly , up to 18 litres of fluid has to be drained away via a tube . admitting she only has herself to blame , ms merner added she does not feel any shame in needing treatment . ' i do n't see it as a waste of money , they are helping with a problem i have - an addiction , ' she said . ms merner , from bootle , merseyside , hopes her story will push the government and society to do more to prevent britain 's killer drinking epidemic . taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems , and that figure is set to rise . in the last 20 years , the number of alcohol-related deaths has doubled . while smoking , drug-taking and obesity are increasingly frowned upon , drinking is still socially acceptable , ms merner highlighted . after her latest hospital stay in january , ms merner vowed to quit her habit , and has n't touched a drop of alcohol since - her longest spell of abstinence . taxpayers pay up £3.5 billion a year to treat alcohol-related problems , and that figure is set to rise . in the last 20 years , the number of alcohol-related deaths has doubled . at the peak of her addiction , ms merner was drinking a bottle of vodka a day . more than 6 standard drinks per day for men , and 4 standard drinks for women , is known to cause harm . long term effects of alcohol on the liver include impaired liver functioning , severe pain , inflammation ( hepatitis ) and cirrhosis . research published late last month revealed that binge drinking is costing britain a staggering £4.9bn every year - or £550,000 an hour . this is because it triggers , for example , a 45 per cent increase in arrests and a 17 per cent rise in road accidents , economists from bath university calculated . the figures also took into account a & e admissions , police time and court cases . but marco francesconi , head of the department of economics at the university of essex , explained his calculations had n't included costs associated with absenteeism , lost employment , reduced productivity , and long-term health problems . the report came shortly after the head of the nhs warned binge drinking fuelled by cheap alcohol is having a ' huge impact ' on health services . chief executive simon stevens said the government needed to deal with the ' overuse ' of alcohol urgently as it is creating problems for over-stretched a & e units . the most recent nhs figures show that more than one million patients are being admitted to hospital for alcohol-related illness and injuries every year – twice as many as a decade ago . she said : ' people are n't as aware of the risks as they should be and alcohol is too cheap . help for alcoholism is n't advertised anywhere . ' ms merner began drinking heavily 10 years ago . after splitting up with her partner , the father of her then toddler , she was forced to stay with her brother because she was unable to find a home of her own . her two older children , now 20 and 16 , stayed with their father . ' it was one or two drinks at night at first . a couple of vodkas helped me sleep , ' ms merner recalled . ' then it was half a bottle , then a full bottle ... and then i started drinking when i woke up . ' six years ago , she started to have withdrawal effects when she did n't have a drink . ' i felt sick , i 'd be shaking and sweating . i realised i had a problem , ' she said . ms merner went to her doctor , and was referred to an nhs rehab clinic . but , six weeks after leaving , she slipped back into her habit , having one drink . soon she back to drinking a litre of vodka a day . ' i ended up at the clinic nine or 10 times , ' she admitted . by this time , ms merner had been diagnosed with cirrhosis . her most dangerous collapse was in 2013 . ' i was n't found for three days , ' she said . ' i was in a coma for 12 days . my kids were told i would n't see it through the night . ' the pattern continued until last december . once again she fell unconscious for three days after drinking and was in hospital for four weeks . but this time something clicked , and the mother-of-three vowed never to drink again . ' i know if i carry on i will end up dead - and i do n't want to die , ' she insisted . but her liver will never repair itself . in the meantime , she lives a painful existence and has to take 11 pills a day . ' people say to me `` just do n't have a drink '' , if it was that easy , do n't you think i 'd have done that rather than put myself by the pearly gates ? ' she said , fighting back tears . ' but i 'm so grateful for what the hospital has done . i owe everything to them . ' at the height of her addiction , ms merner , who still has to visit hospital once a week , was drinking a bottle of vodka every day . she has been warned another drop of alcohol could kill her . ms merner is seen weekly at the aintree university teaching hospital , by specialist nurse jenny pearson . the 30-year-old nurse chose the specialism after losing her father and sister to alcoholism . she agreed society needs to change , urging the government to take steps to address the growing epidemic . ' i have definitely seen an increase in numbers of patients , ' she said . ' this is an epidemic . ' every day we see 20 to 30 people in varying stages of liver disease , and oral cancer . ' alcohol is practically poured down our throats . ' watch daytime tv and they cook lunch with glasses of wine . sporting events are sponsored by alcohol . it 's no surprise people develop problems . ' ms merner 's story is featured in benefits and bypasses : the billion pound patients , tonight on channel 5 at 9pm .