kevin pietersen has lashed out at graham gooch for commenting on his attempted england comeback . gooch appeared on bbc radio five live on sunday morning and took a broadly supportive stance of pietersen , who has re-signed for surrey in an attempt to stage an unlikely test return . gooch , the former england captain who also worked as the national side 's batting coach until last year , went as far as saying pietersen had ' wiped the floor with the ecb ' in the lengthy pr battle since his sacking in 2014 . kevin pietersen has lashed out at graham gooch for commenting on his attempted england comeback . gooch ( above ) went as far as saying pietersen had ' wiped the floor with the ecb ' in the lengthy pr battle since his sacking in 2014 . the 34-year-old pietersen wants to end his england absence that started after the 2013-14 ashes whitewash . but pietersen appeared to take exception to gooch 's suggestion that a test series victory in the west indies this month would take the 34-year-old 's name off the agenda . he retweeted a bbc online article and then posted a brief but pointed attack on gooch , relating to his captaincy on the 1982 rebel tour of apartheid-era south africa . it read : ' graham gooch - you captained a rebel tour of sa , got banned & then returned to the england team . i do n't think i 've done anything as bad ! ' earlier , pietersen had suggested his first practice session of the season could be streamed live to fans . kevin pietersen will step up his attempts to earn an england recall when he starts batting on monday . pietersen ( right ) rejoined surrey after incoming ecb chairman colin graves said domestic form would help . pietersen has indicated that his campaign will start with a three-day warm-up against oxford mccu on april 12 and he is due to return to the nets on monday . he announced that to his 2.3 million twitter followers and raised the prospect of using the social network 's new broadcast app , periscope , to showcase his session in real time . he wrote : ' starting to bat tomorrow ... might @ periscopeco it , so all of you can watch it live & see how i get on . should i ? £comeback ' . quite how pietersen 's '£comeback ' will pan out in the long term is unclear . incoming ecb chairman colin graves advised that signing for a domestic side would help pietersen 's cause . incoming ecb chairman colin graves has offered just enough encouragement for him to believe he could once again wear the three lions - despite a year of bitter recriminations and one dazzlingly indiscreet autobiography . his decision to hit the county trail , so long a bete noire in his career , at least offers the platform for him to nudge public opinion and the selectors from close quarters . but when england flew to the west indies on thursday ahead of the forthcoming test series , the messages were thoroughly mixed . controversial batsman pietersen and current england coach peter moores have a fractious relationship . captain alastair cook , who was not given a glittering write-up in pietersen 's book , largely absolved himself from the decision-making process , insisting it would be taken by graves , managing director of england cricket paul downton and chief executive tom harrison . coach peter moores was less ambiguous . moores was sacked from his first stint in charge in 2008 , partially at the behest of pietersen , whose intervention also cost him the captaincy . he was then belittled as a nagging ' woodpecker ' in the batsman 's memoir and reconciliation between the two men would appear a stretch . asked at gatwick about the situation , moores said : ' from my point of view , kevin is n't on the radar . ' he would , therefore , seem an unlikely viewer of pietersen 's periscope net session . 