she 's done a very good job at keeping her personal life under wraps for many years . but on monday stana katic left a big cat out of the bag - she has married longtime boyfriend , business consultant kris brkljac , who she is hardly ever seen with in public . the walk down the aisle took place on the same weekend as the castle star 's 37th birthday . scroll down for video . married ! stana katic and business consultant kris brkljac , spotted at the 2012 elton john academy awards viewing party in la in february 2012 , wed in croatia over the weekend . it 's official : soon after they said ' i do , ' the two shared this image of their wedding rings . the couple married ' in a private family monastery on the dalmatian coast , ' the actress 's rep told people . the dalmatian coast is in croatia , where her parents are from . the star grew up in canada . soon after they said ' i do , ' the two shared a black-and-white image of their wedding rings . she is off the market : the 37-year-old actress at the independent spirit awards in february . shop chloe resort on matchesfashion.com . visit site . chloe is at it again with their floaty , bohemian red carpet ready couture they do so well . this time it comes in a substantial black silken sheath with a smear of colorful embroidery outlined in a soft fringe . stana katic nailed it with her simple sandals and gold bangle that brings out all the brighter elements of this dress . nobody knows effortless more than chloe and this selection from the 2015 resort collection is the perfect choice for someone who wants to make a statement without all the fuss and polish . as if the dress ' exotic embroidery alone was n't enough for us to raid the savings account , pockets certainly are and with that goes all our summer vacation fund . it 's worth it though . for similar selections , look through our links below . sprio maxi on revolveclothing.com . visit site . kensie maxi now at zappos.com . visit site . plus size black maxi with embroidery from dhstyles.com . visit site . scarf print crepe de chine maxi at nordstrom . visit site . she was often rumoured to be dating her castle co-star nathan fillion , who her character married on the show . but the couple were never an item , according to stanic . her last instagram post was not about her wedding , however , but about her show castle , which wrapped production on season seven recently . it is not known if the cop series will get an eighth season . katic told tv line she would be fine with the show ending if it needed to . ' if the character is complete , if there is nowhere else to go creatively , then i think it 's better to stop when you 're on top , ' the beauty said . ' so for me it 's about art over finance , and as long as we 're creating something that is compelling and that has somewhere to go , then we 're good to go . ' a big success : the actress ( center ) with ( left ) nathan fillion on a march 30 episode of castle . on twitter she has made it seem like the end is near : ' proud of all we 've accomplished . grateful 4 being part of the ride . ' the season seven finale of castle airs may 11 . stana got her first big break in the james bond film , 2008 's quantum of solace . the for lovers only star has been shooting the romance the tourist with marco bonini and brett dalton , not to be confused with the angelina jolie and johnny depp movie of the same name . her tv wedding : stana and nathan in their wedding scene from castle : the two were often rumoured to be romantically linked , but they were only together in that way on-screen . off camera : the canadian beauty with her her tv half at the paley center in 2012 .