franck ribery says he has no chance of playing against borussia dortmund this week after failing to recover from injury , and admits he ' ca n't even run ' . the bayern munich winger limped off against shakhtar donetsk after picking up an injury at the beginning of last month , in a game where bayern also lost fellow winger arjen robben . but ribery is hopeful he could be back for the german cup quarter-finals against bayer leverkusen in midweek . french ace franck ribery celebrates his champions league goal against shakhtar donetsk . bayern munich winger ribery is tackled by braunschweig 's defender benjamin kessel . ' at the start of the week it was bad and i could not do anything , ' the winger told goal . only on wednesday was i able to ride a bike again . this injury came at a terrible time , i was just getting in form . now i have had to stop for three weeks . ' the problem was i started to train again after the shakhtar match too soon ; that was a mistake . there are many important matches coming and i hope i can help the team . ' ' i have no chance [ of playing against dortmund ] , ' he added . ' i ca n't even run . i tried last week and was in pain immediately . this situation is difficult , but i have to be at 100 per cent first . this is important , looking at the upcoming challenges . ' ribery celebrates scoring with bayern munich boss pep guardiola and belgian defender daniel van buyten . ribery and karim benzema during the international friendly match between france and paraguay . ' the next days will show what the chances are [ of playing against leverkusen ] . the important thing is to start running again without pain . only then am i able to work with more intensity and work with the team again . i need time , but we do n't have it . i must be patient . ' we have two big matches ahead of us . dortmund know how to win against us and the cup match in leverkusen is even more important . two good results would be good heading into the champions league . we need to have confidence and we must not underestimate porto . ' 