a group of technologically-challenged senior citizens are left completely and utterly befuddled by popular messaging app snapchat after attempting to use it for the first time , in order to send the perfect selfie . in the latest video from the elders react series on thefinebros youtube channel , the clueless men and women are given their first introduction to snapchat with hilarious - and mixed – results , all of which are caught on camera . and while many of them say they understand the appeal of the social media app , which allows users to share photos that will disappear within 10 seconds , they still ca n't really wrap their heads around the point of it . ' i 'm not into all this , ' a woman named darlene says of that app . ' this is yet another play on this `` tweet '' thing that 's happening . ' scroll down for video . not a fan : don ( pictured ) struggles to take a selfie in the latest elders react video , in which he and other senior citizens learn about the photo messaging app snapchat . before being given some quick instruction about what to do with the app , many of the elders admit that they have no idea what snapchat is - never mind how to use it . ' i just found out about yelp , ' darlene says with exacerbation . meanwhile , another confused woman named vera calls the app ' snapchess ' . but before the group can start sending pictures , they are given cell phones so they can learn how to snap their own selfies - which proves to be an almost-insurmountable task in itself . ' i do n't know how to use an iphone , ' catherine says with a laugh before they get started . when vera realizes that the app involves photos , she is disappointed . ' oh , it 's pictures , ' she says . ' i hate pictures . ' after they take turns learning how to flip the phone 's camera around , they start snapping away , but most of them are quick to voice their displeasure with their photos . feeling nostalgic : liz ca n't wrap her head around the idea that the photos on snapchat disappear . ' would n't you want to save it ? ' she asks . ' oh god that is a gross selfie , ' yehuda , father of the fine brothers , the creators of the channel , exclaims , while catherine asks : ' can i have a better picture ? that is an awful picture . ' they soon move on to captioning their own photos , which presents its own set of issues , as the seniors struggle with typing their messages . ' i just want to say : `` it 's me , '' ' don explains with frustration . ' it looks like it says : `` light me . '' ' but almost all of them enjoy the feature that allows them to color on their photos . ' i always wanted to know what i looked like with a mustache on , ' liz says with delight as she adds purple facial hair to her selfie . after they upload their photos to the app , alex asks : ' who would care ? ' perfect users : rhoda notes that politicians should get on the app because of all of their ' sexting ' and ' nude pictures ' . what fun : rhoda can be seeing drawing a purple bow on her selfie . most of the elders enjoy using this snapchat feature . meanwhile , johnny has no idea that snapchat is reportedly worth $ 19 billion . ' this is definitely going to catch on with kids , ' he says of the technology . the revelation that snapchat is considered disposable social media because their photos will soon disappear soon leaves the group divided . ' why would you do that ? ' liz asks . ' would n't you want to save it for the memory ? ' ' oh , that is so stupid , ' darlene adds , however catherine notes that the feature is ' pretty neat ' . and rhoda quickly thinks of a group of people who would benefit from this app . ' all that sexting and texting and nude pictures and all that , politicians should get onto this thing , ' she notes . no thank you : darline ( pictured ) is completely unimpressed with snapchat , calling it ' stupid ' . parental supervision : alex ( pictured ) says she would never let her daughter have a cell phone during sleepovers at her house because of this app . although don is not convinced that the pictures will completely disappear , explaining : ' nothing is gone forever - not on this stuff . ' darlene remains unimpressed after she learns that there are ways for users to save the pictures against the sender 's wishes . ' well , then what the heck are we talking about , ' she says with frustration . the elders then go on to discuss the controversy surrounding teens who are using the app to send inappropriate pictures . ' do n't send the picture in the first place if it 's anything that is going to [ include ] your little naked a** , ' rhoda advises . and alex says she would refuse to allow her daughter to have cell phones during sleepovers at her house . ' no pictures of girls in their underwear are going to leave this house , ' she says .