obese children in one chinese school are being helped to get back into shape by special gym lessons - called ' kung fu panda ' classes . around 50 obese pupils at jianxin primary school , in china 's eastern zhejiang province , are put through their paces by instructors every day after school to help them lose weight . the kung fu panda classes were set up after a survey showed that 5 per cent of its 858 students were obese , with one 11-year-old pupil weighing in at 180lbs , reports the people 's daily online . around 50 obese children from jianxin primary school , in eastern china , are being sent to special kung fu panda classes in order to help them lose weight . teachers set up the lessons after a survey revealed 5 per cent of the school 's 800 pupils were obese , including one 11-year-old who weighs 180lbs . while some of the exercises may appear grueling , instructors say they are focused on making fitness fun , and also work with parents to help control the pupils ' weights . despite some grueling-looking exercises appearing in these pictures , the school insists that the classes focus on making fitness fun . the lessons are named after the dreamworks film of the same name , in which an overweight panda becomes a kung fu master . school principal yan xue told reporters from urban express newspaper : ' when a child is obese there are serious negative health consequences . ' the child could also develop a lack of self-confidence as well as the possibility of being socially excluded . ' diabetes and high blood pressure are also risks therefore the issue of obesity must be tackled at an early stage . ' the school says teachers have been asked to keep an eye on their students ' weights , and inform parents if they start to pile on the pounds . the school 's headmaster said he wanted to tackle the issue of obesity to stop the children developing health problems in later life , and becoming socially isolated . the kung fu panda classes , which inspectors say are aimed at making fitness fun , are named after a dreamworks film of the same name in which an overweight panda becomes a kung fu master . teachers at the school have also been told to monitor each child 's weight , and will report back to their parents if they start piling on the pounds . class instructor wang tao added : 'children’s exercise classes are different to adults . we do not want to make the children afraid or hate coming to the lessons . ' we foster a relaxed atmosphere where the children can enjoy themselves so even if they are a bit noisy we won’t stop them . ' after just 3 weeks of kung fu panda classes there have been a number of students who have seen visible differences in their physiques take place , this is also the result of our close cooperation with the families . ' he added that since setting the classes up they have become extremely popular , including with the senior girls . one of the fitness instructors said that , since setting up the classes , they have even become popular with children of a healthy weight , especially the older girls . pupils complete star jumps during a kung fu panda fitness class at a school in eastern china . the school has also enlisted the help of a nutritionist to help the pupils maintain a healthy weight . principle yan added : ' this is an important stage of a child’s development and we are giving them the best nutritional advice from a scientific perspective which will help them control their weight but also not affect their physical development . ' we ask parents to list their weekly food they give their children and our nutritionist will give individual advice on their choices . ' the classes have been so successful that they are now going to be used as a model for other schools throughout the city . according to the world health organisation , obesity in china is a major problem , with rates of the illness reaching 20 per cent in some cities . obesity rates in china have shot up dramatically in a generation as most of the country was in the grip of a famine just 50 years ago .