former paramedic crsity collins had admitted that she used ice while driving and treating patients in an effort to raise awareness about the damaging drug . a former ice addict , who worked as a paramedic while high on the drug , has made her story public in an attempt to raise awareness of the illegal substance and the lack of support available for its victims . crsity collins was using crystal meth every day and spending up to $ 500 a week to keep up her drug habit . the 30-year-old , who took herself to the emergency room six times while suffering drug induced psychosis , has slammed health services for failing to offer her support despite claiming on numerous occasions that bugs were eating her eyes . ' because i was awake all the time i had a staph infection , but i actually believed i might have bugs in my eyes and when i went to hospital , i was having drug-induced psychosis , i would say i had mites in my eyes or fleas or bugs , ' ms collins told daily mail australia . ' not once was i ever asked `` are you on meth or taking drugs or are you having a drug induced psychosis '' or `` should we get a social worker or a psych assessment '' . ' i do n't know if they were trying to protect me because i was in the ambulance service , but either way they should n't have been protecting me because firstly , i was dealing with people and patients and secondly , like anyone else i deserve the best treatment and care . ' i should have never been allowed to be released so many times without a psych consultation or councillor . ' the 30-year-old said she was never offered support despite checking herself into the emergency room on six occasions ( right ) while claiming that she had bugs in her eyes ( left ) . ' i should have never been allowed to be released so many times without a psych consultation or councillor , ' she said . ms collins , whose addiction was fuelled by her post traumatic stress disorder and a borderline personality disorder , first began using illegal drugs recreationally , and first tried meth , while living in darwin . however her habit ironically escalated when she attempted to escape the city an its ' party scene ' by moving back to launceston in tasmania , where she rekindled a relationship with an ex-boyfriend who was part of ' the same sort of scene ' . ' i did n't have any friends that were n't using drugs . everyone had it around . pills were n't easy to come across in launceston , it was always speed and then ice took over , ' ms collins said . ' it made me feel like superwoman - i could do anything and run on barely any sleep , so it became something i was using on a very frequent basis . ' you could be on top of everything even while lacking sleep - long night shifts , day shifts , i could study for hours when i came home , dinner would be done , the house would be clean - and it became a way to cope with these mental illnesses that i did n't know i had . ' ms collins has now been clean for nine months after seeking help from the department of veterans affairs . she said that it was when she and her now ex-boyfriend broke up that she became a daily user of the drug , even when driving and treating patients as an ambulance worker , but that none of her colleagues appeared to notice . ' i never felt affected . i never had any close calls where i could have put someone in danger . i was always very good at my job , very on the ball with patient care , and that why i was never suspected , ' ms collins said . ' when i look back , i find it absolutely disgraceful . i could have had psychosis at any stage or changed my awareness or sense of judgement - it 's such an unpredictable drug . ' i 'd hate to know that anyone i know was being taken care of by someone that is hungover or on any form of drug that would alter their sense of awareness , let alone ice . ' but it was n't until i started taking lots of sick days because my eyes were flaring-up form being awake all the time that anyone noticed something was wrong , and even then it was like they were more worried that i would n't have any leave left rather than that my health was deteriorating . ' sores from obsessive picking : she said that traking the drug used to make her feel ' like superwoman ' . ms collins has now been clean for more than nine months after finding free help with the department of veterans affairs , which she was directed to by pure chance after being arrested . ' i was on my way to a dealer 's house and got pulled over . my car was raided and they found drugs and when then let me out on bail to appear at court , a police officer who was a reservist said `` you need to get yourself together '' and told me to see veterans affairs , ' she said . unlike at the single out-patient facility in launceston , which was run by nurses and social workers but had no councillors , ms collins found intensive help that assessed the root of her drug addiction and uncovered her mental health problems . she now has effective strategies in place with her councillor to deal with her borderline personality disorder and anxiety , which used to lead her to take drugs as a coping mechanism , as well as the post-traumatic stress disorder she acquired while working in iraq as a medic for six months . ' you could be on top of everything even while lacking sleep - long night shifts , day shifts , i could study for hours when i came home , dinner would be done , the house would be clean - and it became a way to cope with these mental illnesses that i did n't know i had , ' ms collins said . ' i was partially stressed [ while in iraq ] because i was the only female in that group , so i did n't want to make mistakes and i wanted to fit in with the men , ' she said . ' then there was the constant artillery and bombings we 'd get in the compound… it did n't feel like it affected me there , but when i came back i would hear loud bands and instantly hide or duck for cover . i 'd be constantly looking for bombs on the side of the roads , it was a habit there and when i got home i could n't get out of it . ' she is not living with her family who provide her with emotional and finical support after she left her job and isolated herself from damaging social groups , and is actively looking for her next line of work . ms collins wants to use her story to raise awareness about the ' epidemic of ice users ' in tasmania , where she said middle and higher class users were very common . ' in tasmania there is becoming an epidemic of ice users and ice related crime , so if it can help even just a few people , then i 'm more than happy to share my story , ' she said . ' it 's not just the lower socio-economic groups in society that we should concentrate on , it 's happening everywhere - the drug does n't discriminate and it 's happening in the higher class and the middle classes . you need to have money to use it . ' there 's no drug testing in people that we hold in high regards , like paramedics , police and firies - pilots have to have drug tests and paramedics should be made to have these tests too . '