the body of a missing university of minnesota student has been pulled from the mississippi river five days after she plunged from a bridge during a night out , medical examiners have said . jennifer houle , 22 , vanished from a bar in minneapolis in the early hours of friday and was later captured on surveillance footage as she walked alone on the 10th avenue bridge . authorities have not said whether she fell or jumped from the bridge , which is 110ft above the river . following days of searches , a body was recovered on wednesday . the medical examiner 's office identified the body as houle 's on thursday . loss : a body believed to belong to jennifer houle ( pictured left , and left with a friend ) has been found in the mississippi river in minneapolis after she was last seen on a nearby bridge early on friday morning . she died of freshwater drowning the medical examiner 's office said in a press release , according to the star tribune . ' we want to thank law enforcement , all the hennepin county sheriff 's [ deputies ] , the minneapolis police ... and all the compassion they 've shown to us , ' john houle told the star tribune . ' they 've done such an amazing job keeping us informed about the investigation . we sincerely appreciate their tireless efforts to figure out what happened to jennifer and to bring her home to us . ' houle was last seen inside a dinkytown bar , blarney pub and grill , between 1am and 2am on friday , police said . her friend brooke laven told kstp that they had gone bar-hopping on thursday evening but that while they were out , they ran into one of houle 's ex-boyfriends . discovery : teams of rescuers are pictured on monday as they searched the mississippi river in an effort to recover houle 's body . it was found on wednesday - five days after she vanished . last seen : police said video evidence showed she entered the mississippi river from this bridge on 10th avenue , which is just several blocks from the bar . it is not yet clear whether she fell or jumped . ' that kind of set off some emotions , ' laven told kstp . she said she had become separated from houle in the bar and was unable to find her . laven said that houle 's purse and phone were found in the street near her apartment just a few blocks from the bar at 3am on friday , suggesting she had tried to walk home . but police told dailymail.com that they believe she had already entered the water by the time the purse was found . ' we extend our deepest condolences to the houle family and all of jennifer 's many friends , ' the police said in a statement . houle studied management at the university of minnesota-twin cities and was a phi beta phi sorority member and part of the women in business group on campus . on tuesday evening , more than a thousand friends and well-wishers - many dressed in purple , houle 's favorite color - paid tribute to the student at a vigil at the university of minnesota . missed : fellow students gathered for a vigil for houle at stillwater area high school on sunday . loved : friends have remembered her as a fun , bubbly student who ' had such a great impact on so many ' . scene : houle and a friend had been drinking at this bar before she vanished between 1am and 2am friday . speaking to the minnesota daily , student madie eckstrom , one of houle 's friends from high school , recalled her ' infectious smile and bubbly laugh ' . ' she had such a great impact on so many people , ' eckstrom said . the family was overwhelmed by the show of support , her father said . ' jennifer would have been pleased to see the outpouring for her , ' he told the star tribune . ' as a family , we certainly feel that love from the community . ' he said that they also plan to have a ceremony to celebrate her life on april 12 at the university . university vice provost danita brown young said counseling is available for the university of minnesota community . ' we are deeply saddened to learn of the news about jennifer houle , ' the university of minnesota said in a statement . ' our thoughts are with her family , friends , classmates , and sorority sisters . '