a conservative building in scotland has been sprayed with graffiti by ‘nationalists’ , a tory councillor claimed . a swastika and the word ' scum ' were sprayed in white paint on the window of the offices in aberdeen last night . a ' q ' was also added to the blue front door , which some people said stands for quisling - a person who collaborates with an enemy . conservative headquarters in scotland have been sprayed with graffiti by ‘nationalists’ , a tory councillor has claimed . ross thomson , a scottish conservative councillor , posted images of the graffiti on twitter just before lunch . he wrote : ' our party office has been targeted by vandals , showing the ugly face of nationalism . ' he added that the party was ' really upset ' and said it just wanted people to engage in democratic debate , the press and journal reported . ' it shows there is an element of society out there that can’t accept the referendum result , ' he said . reports suggest labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals with a white ' q ' added to its black door . it is not known if it was done by the same people . it comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced in the run up to the scottish referendum . ross thomson , a scottish conservative councillor , posted images of the graffiti on twitter just before lunch today . it comes six months after buildings and polling stations were defaced in the run up to the scottish referendum . a polling station in dumbarton was sprayed with a threatening ' vote yes or else ' message to no voters in september . a polling station in dumbarton was sprayed with a threatening ' vote yes or else ' message to no voters . the graffiti was removed within hours by decorators - but no supporters branded it ' threatening and intimidating ' . a no thanks banner in a farmer’s field similarly had ' scum ' plastered on it and was also covered with yes stickers . meanwhile a yes campaign banner was chopped down in killin while another was vandalised in balmaha . police scotland is investigating . a spokesman said : ' sometime between 5pm and 7am obscene words and symbols were painted on the windows . '