a plus-size model who once earned up to £2,000 a day has found herself out of work after dropping three dress sizes . rebecca exton-russell , 37 , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including marks & spencer , qvc and dove . but the derby-based model was secretly ' repulsed ' by her body , so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost just over two stone in two months - going down from 14 stone to just below 12 stone . transformed : rebecca exton-russell , 37 , pictured before ( left ) and after ( right ) her weight loss , was formally a size 18 and posed in campaigns for major brands including marks & spencer , qvc and dove . rebecca lost a further stone herself after she left no 1 boot camp in norfolk - a reality tv star favourite - dropping to 11 stone , and slipping into size 12 outfits . ' i really do n't mind losing all the work i once had at all because i am so much happier as a slimmer person , ' she says . indeed , getting the toned stomach she had always craved meant her work completely dried up . rebecca was now was too slim to fit into any of the outfits her clients expected her to wear . ' i realised that i had lost all this weight but i effectively made myself redundant from my job as a model , ' she said . ' i did n't mind because although i was always happy to smile for the cameras , i was desperately unhappy as a size 18 . ' i had very little self-esteem and had lost all my confidence . my body repulsed me . i knew that i needed to turn around my life and properly get in shape . the derby-based model , pictured in a plus-size campaign ( left ) and as she is today ( right ) , was secretly ' repulsed ' by her body , so she checked into a military-style fitness camp and lost three stone . before she lost the weight , rebecca , seen in her plus-size prime , scored a number of high profile campaigns , which could earn as much as £2,000 for a day 's shoot as a size 16 or size 18 . impressive results : in spite of this , she knew she would never be happy unless she got into shape once and for all , so she checked into no 1 boot camp . ' now i have the body that i always wanted , i hope to get work as a slimmer model . ' for years rebecca , who is single , was happy to cash in on her fuller figure by working as a plus-size model . she did a number of high profile campaigns which could earn as much as £2,000 for a day 's shoot as a size 16 or size 18 . rebecca appeared in promotions for high street names like ikea , perfect pizza and butlins , who were keen to target customers of all sizes . but despite her success as a model , rebecca had been battling her weight for years , fluctuating between 13 and 14 stone . she would often lose weight by following fad diets , but as quickly as she dropped the pounds they would pile back on , which was always good news for her modelling career . in spite of this , rebecca knew she would never be happy unless she got into shape once and for all , so she checked into no 1 boot camp . rebecca was stunned when she lost 10lbs in her first week at boot camp ( pictured ) . ' that was all the encouragement i needed , ' she remarked . ' all the pain i was going through was worth it . the trainers were very strict but very supportive and motivating ' . farewell : rebecca , pictured before she lost the weight , left boot camp and knew immediately that she would never be able to return to her job as plus-size model . made in chelsea stars spencer matthews and binky felstead both lost a stone in a week at the same camp , and rebecca was at no 1 with james ' arg ' argent from the only way is essex , who slimmed down after going through a spell in rehab . ' james was a lovely guy who mucked in with the rest of us and had no airs or graces , ' she said . ' it 's no surprise that he has lost so much weight because he was prepared to really knuckle down and get in shape . ' as for herself , rebecca was stunned when she lost 10lb in her first week . ' that was all the encouragement i needed , ' she remarked . ' all the pain i was going through was worth it . the trainers were very strict but very supportive and motivating . ' rebecca left the camp and knew immediately that she would never be able to return to her job as plus-size model . ' i tried to carry on for a bit but it was never going to be work , ' she said . ' all the dresses i was being asked to model were way too big for me . they were hanging off me and i knew that chapter in my life had come to end . ' now rebecca has set up her own jewellery and gift business , rebecca louise , which she runs online and in pop-up shops across the uk . she is launching a new jewellery collection soon which is inscribed with the same self-belief quotes she feels helped her through her own tough times . ' my weight still fluctuates a bit , ' rebecca admits . ' i like to allow myself treats and nights out from time to time , but when i put on three pounds , i know it 's time to stop and knuckle down . ' worth it : rachel , who has kept the weight off , now runs a jewellery business and still hopes to find work as a slimmer model in the future . 