when you 're a barbie girl in an instagram world , life in plastic is n't just fantastic - it also gets you more than 730,000 followers . since barbie 's style instagram account launched last august , swarms of fashion lovers have become fans of her ' official style feed ' , watching as the mattel icon models an impressive collection of barbie clothes that even includes pieces by top designers . racked recently got the behind-the-scenes scoop on all the outfit changes , international trips , and vip invites that go into producing the doll 's hugely popular page . pretty popular : barbie 's style-centric instagram account , @ barbiestyle , is painstakingly planned - and now has three quarters of a million followers . wow-worthy wardrobe : barbie has ' thousands ' of pieces , most of which are one-of-a-kind and made especially for her instagram account by the brand 's director of design . the idea for barbie 's fashion-focused instagram page came to be when barbie 's vice president of design , kim culmone , realized that in addition to the official @ barbie account - which promotes the brand 's products - the doll could also be presented in a more editorial way , taking inspiration from fashion magazines . the page for @ barbiestyle , she told racked , tells the story of barbie 's role in pop culture today as a ' contemporary girl with an aspirational lifestyle ' . unlike the main barbie account that targets children and parents , @ barbiestyle aims to attract trendy twentysomethings - so instead of mermaid and princess costumes , followers get fashion-forward outfits ' firmly rooted in reality ' . along with barbie director of design robert best and zlatan zukanovic , the account 's creative and photography lead , ms. culmone soon grew @ barbiestyle to have even more fans than the original @ barbie page , which has 434,000 followers . chic at coachella : barbie travels to buzzed-about events like coachella , pictured here , with friends , ken , and sometimes even her dog . fashion week regular : the @ barbiestyle account captioned this photo in front of the london eye : ' just landed in london ... the best way to cure jet lag ? hit the city for the sights and fresh air ! ' total jetsetter : the account 's creators really pose barbie in front of famous landmarks - not pictures or green screens - including notre-dame , left , and la belle epoque restaurant , right , in paris . but @ barbiestyle does n't just have more followers than @ barbie - this doll also has a much more glamorous life , juggling trips to paris with shopping sprees rather than multiple careers as an astronaut , pastry chef , and lifeguard . she also has an entourage to take her wherever she goes . some combination of ms. culmone , mr. best , and mr. zukanovic travel to each location that barbie visits , including london , paris , and new york for fashion week , california for coachella , and miami , florida for art basel . once she arrives , barbie gets the star treatment : mr. best creates almost every one-of-a-kind piece barbie wears and uses a professional camera , not a smartphone , to take the shots . ' she travels with an entire wardrobe , ' ms. culmone said . ' thousands of accessories ! ken and her friends and her puppy come too - she does have an entourage . ' mr. best added : ' we pretend she’s a little person going to do all these things , so we think , `` how would she do them ? what would she wear ? what would her point of view be ? '' if barbie’s like our celebrity and we’re her team , you don’t want her to falter ! ' party hopping : this photo of barbie in a glamorous gown was captioned : ' kicking off this # goldenglobes weekend at the # wmagshootingstars event . thanks for having me @ wmag & @ hugoboss ! [ sic ] ' moschino model : @ barbiestyle caption this photo : 'it’s @ moschino mania ! a few of my favorite looks from the spring/summer 2015 collection by @ itsjeremyscott [ sic ] . ' trendy toy : @ barbiestyle ' called in a professional ' when rachel zoe appeared on the doll 's account , left ; @ barbiestyle also posts photos of only clothing an accessories , like this lookalike dior bag , right . the trio even has a pr firm , kcd , to organize event invitations and requests to dress barbie . ' you have the same kind of conversations you would have if this were a celebrity , ' said mr. zukanovic . one notable designer to style barbie is moschino 's jeremy scott . in fact , his spring/summer 2015 collection included a range of barbie-inspired outfits , and he has dressed the doll for several photos on the @ barbiestyle instagram account . karl lagerfeld , rachel zoe , and fashion blogger chiara ferragni have also appeared on the page . ' it brightens people 's days because it 's so silly and it’s so fun and it’s so different from anything you see out there , ' mr. zukanovic said .