note to all managers : if you’re top striker is misfiring , have a word with tim sherwood . he obviously knows the secret of getting them back among the goals . sherwood , albeit for a short period of time , revived emmanuel adebayor’s flagging tottenham career last season ; now he’s replicating the achievement with christian benteke . christian benteke heads aston villa into the lead against tottenham in the 35th minute of the game . benteke celebrates the goal that gave tim sherwood 's team the advantage at the end of the first half . benteke continued his fine form for villa from tuesday , where he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with qpr . benteke ( second left ) is mobbed by his villa team-mates after scoring the opening goal against tottenham . benteke points to the sky as he led the villa attack against tottenham in the premier league . his success in rejuvenating benteke , who has scored six goals in eight games , will be viewed as , perhaps , sherwood’s most vital contribution if aston villa win their premier league survival battle . ‘it’s about strikers applying themselves , ’ said the villa boss , fresh from his side’s victory over former club tottenham . ‘ like ade , when i gave ade an opportunity to come back into the group at spurs , he had to earn the right and he did that by the way he trained . christian’s no different . tottenham ( 4-2-3-1 ) : vorm 6 ; chriches 4.5 ( yedlin 79min ) , dier 6 , fazio 6.5 , rose 6.5 ; mason 6.5 , bentaleb 6.5 ; townsend 5.5 ( lamela 79 ) , eriksen 6 , chadli 5.5 ( soldado 62 , 5 ) ; kane 6.5 . subs not used : paulinho , friedel , stambouli , davies . booked : rose , bentaleb , lamela . aston villa ( 4-3-3 ) : guzan 7.5 ; bacuna 7.5 , clark 6 ( baker 18 , 7.5 ) , vlaar 8 , richardson 7 ; sanchez 7 , cleverley 7 , delph 8 ; agbonlahor 7 ( cole 70 , 6.5 ) , benteke 8.5 , grealish 7 ( weimann 63 , 6.5 ) . subs not used : okore , n’zogbia , given , lowton . booked : richardson , benteke . sent off : sanchez . scorer : benteke 35 . man of the match : christian benteke . referee : lee probert 7 . stat : since sherwood took over at villa striker christan benteke is the premier league’s top goalscorer . ‘ i think christian was on the back of being dropped i think when arrived . ‘i’ve had chats with him , told him what i think of him and how everyone in europe seemed to want him a year ago , and that doesn’t just vanish . ‘ so let’s get him back firing , let’s get him back training properly , and scoring goals . ’ indeed , similar patterns are emerging from sherwood’s spell as manager at white hart lane last season and his current job in the midlands . in addition to turning adebayor and benteke back into premier league forces he’s brought his fearless approach to blooding youth players with him to villa park . where would the careers of tottenham pair harry kane and nabil bentaleb be without sherwood’s guidance last season ? and we saw further evidence of the manager’s youth-minded attitude as he handed jack grealish , 19 , only his second villa start at a white hart lane on saturday . not only that but playing the teenager in the influential no 10 role . villa manager sherwood was visibly ecstatic at recording the win and getting three points upon the final whistle . sherwood said : ‘we’ve got good young players coming through at villa . jack grealish has been given his senior debut and rushian [ hepburn-murphy ] , 16 years of age , is another . ‘ jack played in a position where you need maturity but i don’t think he’s fazed . i really mean that . ‘ if i thought he was going to be a gamble i wouldn’t have done it , but jack’s got real ability , you can see that . sherwood handed 19-year-old jack grealish ( left ) only his second villa start at a white hart lane on saturday . ‘he’s got a big future at this football club . he’s certainly at the right place . ‘ so if you’re a young kid coming through , you’re not going anywhere else . you go to tottenham or come to villa . ‘they’re the two massive football clubs but you’ve got two managers who are going to give them an opportunity . ’ villa’s win virtually ended spurs chances of qualifying for the champions league . emmanuel adebayor ( left ) was rejuvenated in front of goal following the arrival of sherwood last season . and when asked whether he’d want another campaign of playing in the europa league manager mauricio pochettino provided an uncommitted answer . ‘ how would we deal with the europa league again ? it’s difficult . it has been a very long season . when you do a whole season playing thursday-sunday maybe you arrive at the end at very difficult level , ’ said the argentine . ‘it’s not easy playing in the europa league . when you are a young squad and you make the biggest effort during the season maybe you arrive , not physically , but mentally in a very difficult moment at the end of the season . ’