a young father who died in a paragliding accident on monday afternoon posted pictures of his view from the sky just hours before he lost control of his powered paramotor . kyle wittstock , 22 , posted photos from the air with the caption ' guess where i am ? ' , showing the beach and water far below his dangling feet . the paraglider was swept into a garage door of a house on linksman street in yanchep , perth , by a strong wind at approximately 3.30pm on monday afternoon . kyle wittstock , 22 , died on monday afternoon after his paraglider crashed into a garage door . mr wittstock was taken to joondalup hospital by emergency services and was pronounced dead shortly after arrival , reported 9news . the 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter , who he referred to as his ' little lion cub ' in facebook posts . ' so lucky to have a family like mine ! ! ! i appreciate it a lot ... my two girls life could n't be any better , ' mr wittstock posted earlier in the year , along with several photos of his new daughter and the slogan ' family is everything ' . he also posted several pictures of himself in february in the air with his new paramotor . ' had an awesome flight today with my new wing about time i took it out ! ! found my 2nd lover haha , ' he posted , shortly before posting a photo of his ' view for this wonderful day ! ! ! blessed ! ' . the 22-year-old left behind a fiance and a nine-week-old daughter . family and friends were quick to post their condolences and memories of mr wittstock . ' i am going to miss you my buddy there was n't one day we never laughed together thank you for spending a lot of your life with me , ' one friend wrote of mr wittstock . friends and family were quick to express their grief and shock over mr wittstock 's accident , with some unsure whether the footage they had seen on the news was his glider . ' a bit random but just watching the news.. you all good ? ? ' posted one friend . ' have you seen the news dude , hope you ok up there ! ' said another . a woman identifying herself as mr wittstock 's sister confirmed that her brother had died and asked for the support of their loved ones . ' kyle has been involved in an accident and has passed away . keep us in your thoughts and prayers . we are all in shock , ' she wrote . mr wittstock posted several photos of himself with his newborn daughter and called her his ' lion cub ' . ' i am going to miss you my buddy there was n't one day we never laughed together thank you for spending a lot of your life with me , ' posted one friend . she later uploaded a collage of images of her and mr wittstock , along with the tag ' rip brother ' . ' far too soon for this to happen . i wished and wished , prayed it was n't you but my pray was n't answered . i love you man ! ! rest in peace ! ! ' said one of mr wittstock 's friends . ' i am going to miss you my buddy there was n't one day we never laughed together thank you for spending a lot of your life with me , ' said another . perth mx , a local motorcycling company , paid tribute to the 22-year-old , who was revealed as an avid motorcross rider . ' perth mx really saddened by the news today , rip kyle wittstock a great fun guy at motocross , always there to say hello , ' the post read . ' top and tough little mx-er in juniors , and just a great fella . at perthmx our thoughts are with kyle 's friends and family at this time and also with his little daughter . rest in peace kyle ' . mr wittstock also posted several pictures of himself in february in the air with his new paramotor .