nick abendanon was perhaps the only happy englishman at stade marcel michelin on saturday night and , after leading northampton a merry dance , he revealed faint but lingering world cup hopes . clermont auvergne’s former bath full back ran amok as the premiership champions were thrashed 37-5 — scoring one try from long range and having a crucial hand in two others , to claim the man-of-the-match award . abendanon won the last of his two caps for england back in 2007 , but he was still on the coaches’ radar until his move across the channel last summer and , after a supreme display of elusive running , he admitted he has not given up on the slim possibility of a test recall . nick abendanon breaks clear to score for clermont in their thrashing of northampton on saturday . the english full back was man of the match for the third time against premiership opposition this year . the 28-year-old is theoretically out of contention as an exile abroad , but he invoked the ‘ exceptional circumstances’ clause in the rfu selection policy as he said : ‘i’d love to get a call from stuart ( lancaster ) over the summer , but i’m not counting on it because they’ve got that rule in place . ‘ i understood the reasons for the rule , and in my heart i knew that when i came to france my england career was probably over . but the world cup . . . special dispensation . . . if clermont continue the way they are , i stay injury-free and i keep playing some good rugby , then maybe it’s a possibility in the same way that people have been talking about steffon ( armitage ) . ’ abendanon crosses in his starring performance for the french side in the european champions cup . a world cup dispensation has been discussed for toulon 's english flanker steffon armitage . they have the squad to do anything , based on their efforts on saturday night , when the saints were brutally swept aside . visiting captain dylan hartley said : ‘ they steamrollered us and just kept going . ’ his fellow england forward , tom wood , vented his frustration on twitter , saying : ‘ thanks to clermont for inviting us to their open training-session today . we’ve left our non-contact bibs in the changing-rooms . humbled . ’ northampton captain dylan hartley ( second right ) leads the saints off the field after their convincing defeat . meanwhile anthony watson believes it is only a matter of time before bath’s attacking intent delivers silverware after their 18-15 european champions cup quarter-final loss to leinster in dublin . mike ford’s men produced an impressive second-half comeback to leave the three-time champions hanging on by a thread at the end with full back watson and fly-half george ford especially impressive . ‘ if anything , the way we played against leinster adds more confidence because i thought there were times when we showed all we can do , ’ watson said . ‘ i think the way we have been playing this year has been a revelation to be a part of and i have really enjoyed playing for this club . ’ 