a man who complained of headaches found they were caused by an infestation of maggots - which had inadvertently saved him from a deadly infection . vietnamese labourer pham quang lanh , 28 , had a metal plate inserted over his skull after being struck by an iron bar on a building site . but the botched operation caused his head to become swollen with a potentially deadly infection . fearing he could n't afford any further medical treatment , mr lanh hoped the resulting headaches would eventually subside . it was only when he asked family to look at the wound that they noticed a dozen maggots crawling under the skin and they took him to the hanoi 's viet duc hospital . grim discovery : vietnamese labourer pham quang lanh shows the wound in his head where a maggot infestation had taken hold following a botched operation to repair an earlier head injury with a metal plate . dr nguyen duc anh , a neurosurgeon at the hospital , said : ' when his scar swelled a year ago , he did not go to hospital because of financial reasons . ' in fact , the reason that it was swollen was because it was infected and eventually some tissue had died , leaving him with the festering injury . ' when we took him into surgery , we discovered several maggots which were removed . ' we then needed to carry out a full operation to remove the maggots that had managed to go deeper . ' but he said the infestation had actually saved mr lanh 's life by eating the infected tissue . he said : ' this sort of fly infestation is extremely rare especially in the skull . ' i found eight references to it in medical literature worldwide and in every case the other patients died . ' in this man 's case , however , the maggots had not gone on to eat any of his brain because of the metal plate . ' they actually may have kept him alive by eating the dead tissue that might otherwise have made the infection spread more quickly and killed him . ' lifesavers : doctors say the maggots ( above ) ate diseased tissue that could have caused a fatal infection . the use of maggots to cleanse wounds is well known as they can remove necrotic tissue and also disinfect the wound . mr lanh suffered his initial head injury while working as a labourer in malaysia . after surgery to insert a titanium plate , the wound appeared to heal well , although he did suffer headaches occasionally . he said : ' it was mostly ok until a year ago when i noticed it was swollen and sore to touch . ' i did n't want to go to hospital again because i hoped it would heal on its own and even now three years later i 'm still paying the bill back for the last operation . ' i just could n't afford another medical bill . '