the uk is to open its first three proton beam therapy centres after cancer-stricken five-year-old ashya king made a miracle recovery after receiving the treatment . cardiff-based proton partners international ltd , is to open the treatment centres , which will be available to nhs cancer patients , in cardiff , london and northumberland by 2017 , with the first in the welsh capital being operational by next year . the announcement comes just weeks after the parents of brain cancer sufferer ashya told of how he was given the 'all-clear ' after receiving proton bean therapy at a centre in prague . scroll down for video . five-year-old ashya king , pictured in october , who suffered from brain cancer but has recently been given the all-clear after receiving proton beam therapy . three centres in the uk in cardiff , london and northumberland , are set to open offering proton beam therapy , which ashya , pictured , received . both brett and naghmeh king sparked an international manhunt last year after taking their son out of hospital in southampton , without doctors ' consent . mr and mrs king had wanted their son to have the cutting-edge therapy instead of conventional chemotherapy and radiotherapy . fearing that ashya would be taken away from them and given the treatment , the family fled to spain before travelling to the czech republic to the proton therapy centre . now , a group called proton partners international has now been formed in the uk following discussions between professor sir chris evans , the life sciences entrepreneur and uk life sciences and healthcare investors . they have committed almost £100million equity finance into the company . professor gordon mcvie , senior consultant at the european institute of oncology , has been appointed chairman of the group , and professor karol sikora has agreed to become chief medical adviser to the company , alongside a range of renowned cancer and healthcare experts . ashya , with his parents brett and naghmeh . the kings defiantly fled to spain in a bid to get ashya to the proton therapy centre in prague and protect him from the devastating side effects of nhs treatment . professor mcvie said : ' this is an exciting and important development of the provision of cancer treatment in the uk . as things stand , patients who benefit from this treatment have to go abroad for treatment , often at great expense to the nhs . ' the creation of these centres will go a long way to ensuring the very best of treatment is available in the uk . ' while sir chris added : ' we are delighted that the uk 's first centre will be based in cardiff and wales life sciences investment fund is proud to support this breakthrough . while conventional radiotherapy uses high energy beams of radiation to destroy cancerous cells , often damaging surrounding tissue , proton beam therapy aims radiation directly at the tumour . because it is so highly targeted it means it can avoid healthy tissue , particularly tissues and organs behind the tumour . while radiotherapy can lead to side effects such as nausea and can sometimes disrupt how some organs function , proton beam therapy has a lower risk of side effects . this means it is effective for treating cancer that affects critical areas , such as brain cancer . however , cancer research uk estimates that only one in 100 people would be suitable for proton beam therapy and there are also concerns that the long-term impact of the nascent procedure is not yet known . the only proton beam facility currently in operation is at the clatterbridge centre for cancer nhs foundation trust in the wirral , merseyside , which delivers ' low energy ' therapy for rare cancers around the eye . the nhs currently pays for those deemed appropriate for proton beam therapy to go to the united states for treatment . they must be assessed by a panel who may decide patients are not suitable if there is unlikely to be a clinical benefit from the treatment . more than 400 patients have been sent abroad since 2008 - most of these children - at an average cost of £100,000 per patient . ' there are more than 150,000 people treated for cancer each year in the uk and the demand for treatment is growing . ' it is anticipated that nhs demand for proton beam therapy abroad will reach 1,500 patients by 2017 . proton partners will be able to play a leading part in helping meet demand in the uk as of next year . ' in addition to state of the art proton partners ' treatment services , the cardiff centre will provide conventional radiotherapy , chemotherapy and supportive care . proton beam therapy is a highly-targeted type of radiotherapy that can treat hard-to-reach cancers , such as spinal tumours , with a lower risk of damaging the surrounding tissue and causing side effects . the government has announced that it is to create two nhs proton beam therapy units which will open in 2018 . the kings faced every parent 's worst nightmare when their young son was diagnosed with an aggressive brain tumour after suffering a series of mystery symptoms . but the family 's own research into his condition led them to question the need for normal nhs radiotherapy - which would risk massive damage to healthy brain tissue and lead to lifelong disabilities . and despite threats to revoke their parental rights unless they went along with the therapy , the kings defiantly fled to spain in a bid to get ashya to the proton therapy centre in prague and protect him from the devastating side effects of nhs treatment . they were arrested by european authorities and banned from seeing their sick son , with a high court judge only approving the move to prague after they had been released . when he finally arrived at the centre in september last year , ashya was so sick he was unable to move and had to be fed by tubes . but in october , he was pictured smiling and waving to cameras , thrilled at the prospect of returning to the family holiday home in malaga , spain , and finishing his treatment there with his parents and older brother naveed . since then , he has continued to make encouraging progress and is enjoying a more normal life . however , despite the treatment and his recovery , ashya 's parents say they fear their children will be taken into care if they return to the uk , his grandmother said last month .