a british couple face being stranded in spain for at least three months after their baby boy was born 12 weeks prematurely during a family holiday . karla hornby said she thought she was going to die when she gave birth to baby freddie , weighing just 2lbs , by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in benidorm with her partner jordan jackson . the couple have now been told they will have to stay in spain for at least three months while freddie builds up his strength . but mr jackson , 21 , a soldier in the army 's royal logistics corps , who has served in afghanistan , is meant to report back for service tomorrow . stranded : karla hornby and jordan jackson are facing the prospect of spending three months in spain while their baby boy freddie builds up his strength . ms hornby also has a daughter charlie , seven ( pictured ) . premature : freddie weighed just 2lbs after being born by emergency caesarean section while on holiday in benidorm . his mother has spoken of her surprise after suddenly going into labour 12 weeks prematurely . the pair had travelled to the spanish resort for a final relaxing break before ms hornby was due to give birth in three months ' time . ms hornby , who is already a mum to seven-year-old charlie , had been cleared to fly by medical staff but was given a surprise when she suddenly went into labour . the 29-year-old said : ' on saturday we were relaxing by the pool when my waters suddenly broke - i was in complete and utter shock . ' she was taken to hospital , where doctors found that she was already 2cm dilated and transferred her to a bigger hospital . ' jordan was n't allowed in the ambulance with me and the staff did n't speak any english so i had no idea what was going on - my contractions were getting stronger , ' ms hornby added . costly trip : freddie 's family from bolton , greater manchester , have so far been able to use insurance to pay for medical costs but they are now facing the prospect of supporting themselves in spain for three months . shocked : ms hornby thought she was going to die when she gave birth three months prematurely . ' in hospital i was bleeding heavily - it was the scariest thing that has ever happened to me . ' i had one big contraction and bled heavily , so they rushed me to theatre - i was shaking and i could n't breathe , i thought i was going to die . ' an emergency c-section was performed but the couple were n't able to see freddie until the following evening . she said : ' i could n't stop crying , i was so relieved that he was ok but he just looked so small - i was desperate to pick him up . ' the family from bolton , greater manchester , have been able to use insurance to pay for medical costs but have already had to pay £1,000 for a hotel . they are now facing the prospect of supporting themselves in spain for at least three months as freddie gains the strength needed to fly home . their family and friends are doing everything they can to raise money to help and a funding website has already raised more than £900 . mr jackson 's mother , vickie cunliffe , said : ' it has been so frightening for everyone - we are just trying to think of as many ways as possible to raise money to help them . ' ms hornby 's best friend lisa johnston said : ' we just want as many people as possible to get in touch and do what they can to help them survive over there . ' to donate to the funding page , visit www.gofundme.com/st3kxfk . katie amos , 30 , with her fiancé lee johnston , 29 , and their son dax . the couple 's baby boy arrived unexpectedly after ms amos went into labour prematurely while the pair were sightseeing in new york . the case of little freddie is not the first time a premature baby born abroad has left a couple stranded . earlier this year fellow british couple katie amos , 30 , and fiancé lee johnston , 29 , got stuck in new york with a £130,000 medical bill after their baby son was born 11 weeks prematurely while they were on a four-day getaway . the couple welcomed son dax unexpectedly after ms amos went into labour while sightseeing in the big apple . the pair , whose son weighed just 3lbs , were told by doctors the newborn was not able to fly back to the family home in burgh-le-marsh , lincolnshire , until march . american doctors said the pair 's medical bills would reach £130,000 ( $ 200,000 ) , leaving the couple stranded overseas with limited clothes and money .