leeds rhinos have sent full back zak hardaker on an anger management course after a student was left with two black eyes and bruising during a violent incident in february . hardaker was at the centre of a police assault probe into an attack on a 22-year-old man at student flats in leeds , but was not charged with any offence . leeds issued a lengthy statement outlining hardaker 's punishment , which will also see him forfeit one month 's salary to be donated to a local charity and do up to 20 hours a week of voluntary work for the club 's foundation for the duration of his contract . hardaker and team-mate elliot minchella both paid £200 in compensation and wrote a letter of apology to a 22-year-old man following a police investigation but leeds said hardaker 's punishment is far stronger ' given his previous misconduct ' . leeds rhinos have sent full back zak hardaker ( centre with the ball ) on an anger management course . the one-cap england international received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year and was also fined by england for breaching team discipline during the 2013 world cup . the statement from leeds read : ' the club has accepted his apology for his actions , however , given his previous misconduct , zak has realised that it is his actions rather than his words that must now show his intentions to put these events behind him . ' it went on : ' we have passed the point of telling him what he has to do , however , for the first time zak has admitted to us and , more importantly to himself , that he has an issue with aspects of his lifestyle which he wants to improve . ' we have listened to what he has committed to do for himself and we will support him . ' minchella received a written warning and a fine of 50 per cent of his monthly salary , while team-mates rob mulhern , josh walters and ash handley were fined and issued verbal warnings . police said the student received two black eyes and a bruised neck during the incident . hardaker received a five-match ban and a fine for a homophobic comment made last year . leeds rhinos have today issued the following statement relating to an incident which happened in the city earlier this year that was brought into the public spotlight : ' the leeds rhinos players code of conduct prohibits players from visiting licensed premises after midnight without prior permission from me or the head coach . our investigation has revealed this regulation was breached by five players on a midweek evening before the start of this season . furthermore zak hardaker and elliot minchella were involved in an incident at a student accommodation building , which led to a police investigation and a written apology from both players to a student and a £200 compensation payment from hardaker and minchella . ' our internal investigation has now concluded . it has been an exhaustive process and we are always disappointed when players fall below the standards we expect of them and let everyone else down . the players themselves are embarrassed and very apologetic and i am sure it has been a lesson learned for all involved . ' rob mulhern , josh walters and ash handley have each received a fine and a verbal warning . elliot minchella has received a written warning and a fine of 50 % of his monthly salary . ' with regard to zak hardaker , the club has accepted his apology for his actions , however , given his previous misconduct , zak has realized that it is his actions rather than his words that must now show his intentions to put these events behind him . therefore , we have agreed the following actions : 1 ) zak will forfeit one months salary and this will be donated to support a local charity project . 2 ) he will enroll on a course for anger management . 3 ) zak will work as a volunteer for up to 20 hours a week for the duration of his rhinos contract to assist the leeds rhinos foundation and marketing department . ' zak is full of passion and enthusiasm and has many qualities that are to be admired in a young player but a small part of him has led to problems and this has to be addressed , not only for the image of the game but most importantly for zak’s own well being and his ability to fulfil his potential . we have passed the point of telling him what he has to do , however , for the first time zak has admitted to us and , more importantly to himself , that he has an issue with aspects of his lifestyle which he wants to improve . we have listened to what he has committed to do for himself and we will support him . '