police ignored the sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff . whistleblower tony brookes , a former detective who tried to investigate the abuse , said money was diverted away from protecting the children from rape , trafficking and beatings in order to pursue so-called ‘ priority crimes’ . the offences , which included car crime , were considered crucial for satisfying a target culture introduced by the last labour government . now it has emerged the same targets were also linked to performance-related pay for top officers at south yorkshire police . scroll down for video . police ignored the sexual abuse of hundreds of young girls because they were too busy chasing labour crime targets that would earn bonuses for senior staff ( picture posed by model ) . it meant that , while young girls suffered heinous abuse at the hands of sex gangs in sheffield and rotherham , top brass could have had a perverse incentive to instruct their staff to look elsewhere . the targets have been scrapped by the tories amid concern they were harming policing . tory parliamentary candidate michael ellis , a former member of the home affairs select committee , said : ‘labour’s grossly irresponsible obsession with targets led to a perverted sense of priorities whereby senior officers could get bonuses for prioritising car crime while hundreds of young girls were being abused with impunity . ’ the first details of the scandal emerged earlier this year when papers from south yorkshire police , relating to child abuse in sheffield , were leaked to the bbc . the documents and the testimony of former officers suggested the force failed to pursue a number of child sexual exploitation inquiries and ignored intelligence that girls as young as 12 were being raped . a copy of a document from the force’s intelligence database detailed more than 200 girls suspected of being sexually exploited . it listed more than 320 men accused of carrying out abuse , mainly between 2007 and 2010 . allegations included rapes , traffickings , child abduction and threats to scald girls by holding kettles of boiling water over them . the alleged victims were aged between 12 and 15 while their abusers included iraqi kurds , white british , black british , and men of pakistani heritage . the dossier by professor alexis jay ( pictured ) into the rotherham scandal described how south yorkshire police were ‘ more focused on dealing with offences such as burglary and vehicle crime’ than child abuse . in most cases , the files suggest there is no evidence police took any action . in 2007 , after an investigation led to two iraqi kurds being convicted of abuse , officers asked for resources to mount a much wider investigation in sheffield . mr brookes said he asked for £24,000 and was given £16,000 . but after spending only half that amount he was told the entire budget had gone . he says the other £8,000 was diverted to spend chasing ‘ district priorities , to investigate robbery , burglary and car crime’ . these priorities were tied to home office targets introduced by labour in 2002 . in rotherham , the dossier into the scandal there by professor alexis jay described how senior and middle managers at south yorkshire police were ‘ more focused on dealing with offences such as burglary and vehicle crime’ than tackling child abuse . at least 1,400 girls in the town were left to be abused by asian men between 1997 and 2013 because the authorities were also too scared to admit there was a race issue , according to her report published in september . a second report by government adviser louise casey concluded the establishment in rotherham ignored child sexual exploitation due to ‘ misplaced political correctness’ . and her majesty’s inspectorate of constabulary found senior south yorkshire officers prioritised burglary and car crime over victims of abuse . labour’s crime targets meant forces were aware that chief constables could get the sack if performance was repeatedly inadequate . the link to performance-related pay that has emerged meant senior officers could pocket bonuses worth thousands for catching criminals or reducing the incidence of so-called priority offences . this system has also been scrapped by the tories . south yorkshire police said : ‘ chief officer bonuses were ratified as part of a process overseen by police authorities . ’