paris st germain coach laurent blanc accepts his side face an almost impossible mission trying to turn around their champions league quarter-final against barcelona at the camp nou on tuesday . the ligue 1 champions were swept aside in their own stadium last week by a dominant barca led by a lethal luis suarez who grabbed a brace in the 3-1 defeat . they have zlatan ibrahimovic and marco verratti back from suspension for the second leg but thiago silva joins thiago motta among the injured and david luiz is also a fitness doubt . zlatan ibrahimovic will be available again when psg meet barcelona on tuesday , after missing the first leg . the psg players train on the nou camp pitch , ahead of a task their manager called ' practically impossible ' . ' we have to think that we have to score and i am sure that we will but we have only a small chance to go through , ' blanc told a news conference in barcelona on monday . ' we can not afford to concede goals and this here is practically impossible . ' ' all the teams that play here in europe concede at least one . they ( barca ) have attacking players with incredible talent , ' blanc added . marco verratti will also be fit having missed the defeat to barcelona in the first leg in paris . blanc was pessimistic about his side 's chances , but says they must play as if they have nothing to lose . he said that whatever fate awaits his team he will not make excuses about players missing . ' those who are not here were not fit for the game and i wish i could have had them but it is not possible and it is no point feeling sorry about it , ' said blanc . ' we have to show that we want to win , show that we are capable of doing it and give a better account of ourselves than in the first match . ' blanc has demanded that his psg side give a better account of themselves than they showed in the first leg . two goals from luis suarez have put the french champions in a commanding position at the half-way stage . ibrahimovic , currently serving a ban domestically for abusive comments to a referee , returns to the club where he played during the 2009-10 season and coach blanc hopes it will give him a lift . ' ibra likes these these kinds of games when there is nothing to lose , ' he said . ' he will help us and i am looking forward to seeing him play . ' he is very important for us and is training hard each day . he is in good form . ' 