concerns have been raised over a program which allows school students to gain entry to university without completing their final year certificate - and is only being offered to pupils at a prestigious sydney private school . tuition , sporting and curricula fees for scot 's college , one of sydney 's most prestigious schools , reportedly top $ 30,000 . the university of sydney is running a pilot of a 17-week bridging diploma for year 11 students at the elite school scot 's college , fairfax media reported , stirring fears among student groups and university staff that the program allows parents to ' buy ' their sons entry to the sandstone university . the program was devised by the university 's commercial arm , sydney learning , and students who completed the course successfully were guaranteed places in a number of undergraduate level courses , including bachelor degrees in health sciences , liberal arts and science , animal and veterinary bioscience , visual arts , music and oral health , or in a diploma of law . minutes of a university academic board meeting show staff were worried over how the course was being advertised to year 11 students ' as an alternative to completing the hsc ' , with ' concern noted about possible implications for the university 's reputation ' . eight scot 's students gained ' direct entry ' to the university after completing the program in 2014 , according to a letter sent to parents by principal dr ian lambert , while 166 students completing the hsc . rose steele , the president of the national union of students , told daily mail australia that while it was important there were alternative pathways available for students to gain entry to university , it was ' really concerning ' if this program was only open to students who could afford it . ' nus really believes education should be open to all and not just those who can afford it , ' ms steele said . sandstone halls : the university of sydney 's commercial arm , sydney learning , has run the pilot program with scot 's college . pictured above is the university 's clocktower and the eastern range of its main building precinct . scot 's college does not advertise their fees for tuition , sport and other curriculum activities , but in 2013 they were reported to be $ 30,900 per year . daily mail australia approached the university of sydney and scot 's college for comment on monday morning . dr lambert , the college 's chief , was quoted telling the sydney morning herald that the diploma was designed with students ' in the middle rank of learners ' in mind . do you know more ? daniel.piotrowski @ mailonline.com . scot 's college : dr lambert , the college 's chief , was quoted telling the sydney morning herald that the diploma was designed with students ' in the middle rank of learners ' in mind .      