whatever you call them , it 's always something of a surprise when a game between the biggest and best teams in any country actually turns out to be a footballing classic . real madrid and barcelona attract viewers , but the cynicism on the pitch can drown out the quality in el clasico . borussia dortmund are not consistently good enough to make der klassiker a regular spectacle . english football 's closest equivalent , liverpool taking on manchester united , is now merely a battle for the top four . but , on easter sunday , marseille and paris st germain played out a game that not only had a huge bearing on the ligue 1 title race , but also easily lived up to it 's billing as le classique . paris st germain players celebrate their win in the dressing room after the game , after twice coming from behind to beat rivals marseille . andre-pierre gignac gets up above marquinhos to power home the opening goal for marseille after half an hour . blaise matuidi is congratulated by his team-mates after bringing psg level with a superb curling effort from the edge of the box . gignac fires home his second goal past salvatore sirigu after a mistake from marco veratti gave him a clear run on goal , to make it 2-1 . marquinhos jumps for joy after slamming the ball into the roof of the net to make it 2-2 after zlatan ibrahimovic 's mis-hit free kick . ibrahimovic put pressure on jeremy morel to force an own goal just two minutes later , as psg went ahead for the first time in the game . marseille : mandanda , romao , fanni , morel , lemina , dja djédjé , mendy , payet , thauvin ( ocampos 63 mins ) , gignac ( batshuayi 71 ) , ayew ( alessandrini 72 ) . subs not used : aloe , n'koulou , samba , tuiloma . goals : gignac 30 , 43 . booked : romao , fanni , ayew , gignac . psg : sirigu , marquinhos , thiago silva , david luiz ( van der wiel 34 ) , maxwell , verratti , motta , matuidi , pastore ( rabiot 82 ) , ibrahimovic , cavani ( lavezzi 59 ) , subs not used : douchez , cabaye , bahebeck , digne . goals : matuidi 35 marquinhos 49 , morel og 51 . booked : veratti , pastore . in the end it was psg who ran out winners , but they twice had to come from behind to see off their fierce rivals in a game that had passion , quality , and goals aplenty . the game was decided by a 130-second burst soon after the half-time break , in which the visitors came from 2-1 down to go 3-2 ahead , with zlatan ibrahimovic , predictably , involved in both goals , though not perhaps , in the way that would be expected . first the swedish star slipped as he struck a free kick at goal , only to see his nothing effort land at the feet of brazilian defender marquinhos , who slammed the ball into the roof of the net from close range . just two minutes later ibrahimovic might have been on hand to tap home javier pastore 's low cross , but in the end his presence was enough to force defender jeremy morel to divert it past his own goalkeeper . it felt harsh on marseille , who were the better side for large periods , but they were let down by defensive frailties and an inability to really punhish the psg backline . despite the hosts dominance of possession , the champions could easily have won this by three or four goals , such were their chances . ibrahimovic had several excellent opportunities , the last of which saw steve mandanda pull off a remarkable save , while pastore should have scored at least once , and mandanda also did well to deny matuidi late on . all of that without considering the chances the visitors missed before falling behind in the first half , with ibrahimovic denied a penalty following a clumsy tackle by morel , pastore firing wide when clean through , and the woefully out of form edinson cavani scuffing a volley straight at the keeper after being picked out by a beautiful chipped pass . zlatan ibrahimovic ( left ) challenges for the ball against jeremy morel in the crucial top of the table clash in ligue 1 on easter sunday . dimitri payet gets a shot away under pressure from marco veratti of psg in the stade veledrome as marseille looked to take home advantage . on the other hand it is difficult to remember salvatore sirigu making too many meaningful saves in the second half , although he did acrobatically tip a gignac header over the bar shortly before the break to deny the striker a hat-trick . with lyon having briefly gone top of the table by beating guingamp earlier in the weekend , it was a game both sides really needed to win to keep up their title challenges . the result puts laurent blanc 's men top of ligue 1 again , and is a serious dent to marseille 's hopes . it all looked so different at half time , when an andre-pierre gignac double had his side 2-1 up . the local-born hero first rose above marquinhos at the back post to head past sirigu on the half-hour , before slotting past the italian shortly before half time to restore the lead . both goals had an element of fortune , with gignac climbing all over his defender to convert dimitri payet 's cross , and marco veratti gifting him possession through on goal for the second , but nonetheless he took both well . in between was the pick of the goals , a stunner from blaise matuidi , who cut inside beautifully , before curling in from the edge of the box , via the fingertips of mandanda and the inside of the post . psg 's win was marred only by an injury to david luiz , withdrawn in the first half with what looked like a hamstring pull . but a win over their fierce rivals , and the return to the table 's summit , will soften that blow . david luiz is brought down , and the brazilian defender was forced off soon after with a hamstring injury which looked serious . marseille took the lead twice in the first half , but on both occasions they were unable to stay ahead for too long . gignac celebrates his second goal , and the marseille striker was only denied his hat-trick by an acrobatic save from sirigu . ibrahimovic looks on unimpressed during a difficult first half for the french champions , but his side kept responding to going behind . marquihos wheels away after scoring his goal , which made the score 2-2 early in the second half , and changed the momentum of the game . the fiery atmosphere bubbled over late on , as ezequiel lavezzi was targeted with missiles and laser pointers while trying to take a corner . the home fans produced a passionate atmosphere in the cauldron of the veledrome as they pursued the french title against their rivals . 