travel to the tropics today and you’ll experience balmy annual mean temperatures of 30°c ( 85°f ) . but travel there 2.4 billion years ago , and it’s likely you would have been subjected to arctic-like temperatures of -40°c ( -40°f ) . this so-called ‘ snowball earth’ theory suggests that our planet was once entirely frozen over - and it could have implications for finding life on other frozen worlds like europa and enceladus . a university of cologne scientist led research proposing a new theory . it suggests temperatures at earth 's equator were -40°c ( -40°f ) 2.4 billion years ago ( artist 's illustration shown ) . the reasons why the whole planet was frozen are not understood . but it could have implications for finding life on frozen moons like europa . the research , led by dr daniel herwartz from the university of cologne , was published in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . it suggests that the entire earth was subjected to a ‘ deep freeze’ , with the oceans turning into ice 1,000ft ( 300 metres ) thick . this means that , were life to survive at the time , it would likely have had to remain in the water deep underground , below this icy crust . on other worlds in the solar system such as europa , we see a similar icy crust - and are fairly confident that it , too , has a liquid ocean underground . a frozen world , similar to earth , that is circling just one of a pair of stars could improve the chances of finding alien life . the planet , located 3,000 light years away , is twice as massive as earth and almost exactly the same distance from its parent star as the earth is from the sun . named ogle-2013-blg-0341lbb , the planet’s host star shines 400 times less brightly than the sun . it has been described as the real-life version of ice planet hoth featured in star wars sequel the empire strikes back . but astronomers from ohio state university pointed out that the same planet orbiting a sun-like star would be in the ' habitable zone ' where conditions are potentially suitable for liquid surface water and life . and based on this latest ' snowball earth ' , it could suggest there are many more planets that resemble ours 2.4 billion years ago . ' these events are fascinating . we had times where we really had a completely frozen earth , ’ dr herwartz told discovery news . ‘ if you go now to tropical regions and you imagine thick glaciers and all the oceans frozen , it’s crazy i think , but it appears to be that this has happened . ’ this theory can also help explain a period in earth’s history known as the great oxygen transition , 2.2 billion years ago . here , oxygen levels began to rapidly rise from 0.0001 per cent of present levels to the 21 per cent of the atmosphere we see today . rapid melting across the entirety of earth could have given rise to these increased levels of oxygen in the atmosphere . evidence for this latest theory comes from oxygen isotopes studied in rocks in china and russia . the exact causes for why the entire earth seemingly froze over are not clear , though . speaking to mailonline , dr herwatz said before 2.4 billion years ago , the climate of our earth was ‘normal’ - similar to the climate we have today . and he said a drop in co2 levels was likely the cause of earth turning into a snowball . ' when co2 drops ice caps grow large , ’ he explained . ‘ because ice is white , a lot of the incoming sunlight is reflected back to space and so large ice caps cause the earth to cool even further . ‘ climate modelling suggests that at a certain critical point , the earth freezes over completely . ‘ then , so much sunlight is reflected back to space ( causing such a strong cooling effect ) that the earth becomes a snowball . ’ the research , led by dr daniel herwartz from the university of cologne , was published in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences . it suggests that the entire earth was subjected to a ‘ deep freeze’ , with the oceans turning into ice 1,000ft ( 300 metres ) thick ( stock image shown ) . it may have been that increased glaciation at the poles produced an opposite ‘ greenhouse effect’ , with the added ice reflecting more of the sun’s light and making the planet ever-more cool , allowing the ice to spread . volcanic eruptions - or even a supervolcano - could also have reduced the amount of light reaching earth , allowing temperatures to drop . it appears that volcanic activity was ultimately responsible for helping earth breaking free of its icy grip , though , increasing global temperatures . in fact , dr herwatz said the amount of melting probably caused earth to go through a ‘ supergreenhouse period’ . the ‘ snowball earth’ theory is not set in stone , though - some have instead suggested it may have been more of a slushball . in other words , parts of the planet may have been encased in ice , but open seawater would still have existed in some locations , such as near the equator . in earth 's past the continents were much closer together , and by 1.1 billion years ago they had formed a supercontinent known as rodinia ( left ) . some moons in the solar system such as enceladus ( right ) are covered in ice today , but believed to have oceans beneath their surface . whether such an event could happen again , though , does not look likely . dr herwatz noted that 2.4 million years ago , the sun was not as strong as it is today , allowing the process to take place . but a second snowball-like even 600 to 700 million years ago , which wasn’t quite as severe , occurred when the sun was almost as strong as it is today . ‘ so i don’t know why it should not happen again , ’ he said . ‘ all you need is an extension of ice caps to a certain threshold level . ‘ [ but ] considering the man made input of co2 into our atmosphere we are currently heading in another direction , hence a snowball earth climate is currently very unlikely . ’