barely out of nappies , this five-year-old boy was not the most likely candidate to take on six heavily armed troops . but that did not stop the palestinian youngster , dressed in full combat gear , from attempting to pelt israeli police with stones during violent clashes on the west bank . the bemused officers , equipped with helmets and body armour , calmly watched as the child launched his own assault before racing away . the incident raised fears that palestinian children are being encouraged to mimic and glorify violence . david and goliath battle : a five-year-old palestinian boy pelted the israeli police with stones as violence erupted during a rally in the northern west bank . the dark-haired child , dressed in combat gear , raced back to safety after launching a series of missiles at around six heavily armed officers . the boy 's stone attack came as violence erupted on the northern west bank during annual demonstrations to mark palestinian prisoners day . soldiers used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd after more than 100 palestinians rallied near israel 's separation barrier in the village of bilin , with some throwing stones . at least one protester was believed to have been injured as violence flared on the streets . prisoners day is marked every year in solidarity with the more than 6,000 palestinians in israeli jails . ' we will not leave our prisoners in jail alone , ' rally organiser abdullah abu rahma said . ' we will defend their right to be released , because the majority of them have been arrested illegally by israeli forces . ' with israel having arrested some 800,000 palestinians in the occupied territories since 1967 - equivalent to 40 percent of the male population - almost every palestinian family has been affected . during the last round of us-backed peace talks in 2013 and 2014 , israel freed dozens of long-term inmates . but after the negotiations broke down , and following the kidnap and murder of three israeli teenagers in the west bank , israel arrested hundreds more . the current number of palestinian prisoners is the highest for at least five years , according to figures from rights groups . more than 100 protesters used catapults to fire rocks at the israeli forces after violence erupted during a rally to mark palestinian prisoners day . the israeli forces used tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse the crowd that had gathered near the west bank city of nablus . this protester 's face was left covered in blood after he was injured during the violent clashes on the street . heavily armed members of the israeli police force took on the protesters after they started throwing bricks and stones .  