behind the highly-publicized trial of murderer aaron hernandez has played out a painful and private feud between two sisters . hernandez 's fiancée , shayanna jenkins , 25 , sobbed and hugged the killer 's mom in the massachusetts court on wednesday as the jury returned a guilty verdict for first-degree murder , sending the ex-nfl star to prison for life with no chance of release . just feet away across the aisle in the packed courtroom , sat her 23-year-old sister , shaneah jenkins , the girlfriend of victim odin lloyd who hernandez executed with five bullets on june 17 , 2013 . the once-close sisters , who shared an apartment in their native bristol , connecticut , have not spoken since it became clear that hernandez had a role in lloyd 's brutal death . scroll down for video . happier times : sisters shaneah ( pictured left ) and shayanna jenkins ( right ) pictured in 2011 . the aaron hernandez murder trial has left them estranged . torn apart : shayanna jenkins ( pictured right ) and her younger sister shaneah ( left ) in their senior yearbook photo from 2007 at bristol central high school , connecticut . the two sisters were close until aaron hernandez 's murder of odin lloyd left them on opposite sides of a murder trial . the girlfriend of odin lloyd ( circled , bottom left ) dabbed her eyes with a tissue as she sat across the aisle from her estranged sister and hernandez 's fiancée , shayanna jenkins , who sobbed and hugged the former nfl player 's mother terri ( top right ) when the guilty verdict was announced . shayanna jenkins left the courtroom immediately after the guilty verdict on wednesday morning and was seen driving away in her car , eyes shielded by sunglasses . she did not wait to hear the victim impact statement of lloyd 's mother , ursula ward , who said that she had forgiven those who ' had a hand in my son 's murder both before and after ' . the mother also spoke of how her son odin introducing her to his girlfriend shaneah had been ' a gift ' in her life . shaneah did not speak before the court but placed a comforting hand on ms ward when she spoke to media outside . the jenkins sisters , who introduced the men , both attended the trial at times , sitting on opposite sides without exchanging a word , their rift on full display . shayanna sat behind hernandez , 25 , and could be seen joking with him , several times exchanging whispered ' i love yous ' when she attended . shaneah sat with lloyd 's family . before he was killed , she and lloyd , 27 , had made plans to move in together while she attended law school in boston . both sisters took the stand during the two-and-a-half-month murder trial in fall river , massachusetts . when shaneah took the stand against hernandez , her sister sat in the front row , supporting the former pats star and father of her two-year-old daughter , avielle . the sisters , for a time , took similar paths , according to shaneah 's testimony . the women grew up together in bristol , connecticut , and both attended bristol central high school . they have a 16-year-old younger sister . shayanna had an on-and-off relationship with hernandez that spanned the last two years of high school . when hernandez went off to florida to play football , shayanna went to community college . after hernandez was drafted by the patriots in 2010 , shayanna left college and moved with him to a massachusetts condo . hernandez 's mother , terri , ( right ) and fiancée , shayanna jenkins , ( left ) broke down in sobs and clutched at each other as each juror pronounced hernandez guilty on all charges on wednesday . victim odin lloyd 's girlfriend , shaneah jenkins , appeared overwhelmed on wednesday as hernandez was jailed for life . the murderer is her sister shayanna 's fiancé . aaron hernandez reacts after being found guilty of first-degree murder and other charges on wednesday . he was sentenced to life in prison without chance of parole in fall river , massachusetts . two years later , hernandez signed a $ 40 million contract and , that november , shayanna gave birth to a daughter , avielle janelle . the family moved into a mansion in north attleborough , not far from gillette stadium . shaneah , like her sister , enrolled in community college but later transferred to central connecticut state university . shayanna jenkins , pictured in her senior yearbook photo in 2007 . she began dating hernandez while she was at bristol central high school . she held down several jobs while majoring in criminology : at a home care company , for a law firm and at a comfort suites hotel in southington , connecticut . her older sister , who had also once worked there , helped her get the job . it was there that shaneah met lloyd , who was doing electrical work with a crew staying at the hotel , in january 2012 . by march , they were dating . they talked every day and after lloyd 's work in connecticut ended , their relationship deepened . lloyd and hernandez first met in august 2012 , when , for the younger sister 's birthday , hernandez got a skybox for a patriots game at gillette stadium . after that , the men saw each other a few times a month , shaneah told the court . she would stay with her sister and hernandez when she went to massachusetts to visit lloyd every couple of weeks . ' almost every time i went there , he was with me , ' shaneah testified . during those visits , while the sisters would hang out upstairs , go shopping or get their nails done , lloyd and hernandez would sometimes hole up in the basement ' man cave ' and smoke marijuana , often with other people , shaneah testified . a few times , the couples went to clubs together . by may 2013 , shaneah graduated college and had big plans : pursuing a law degree at new england school of law . she was moving to boston , she testified , and she and lloyd were planning to move in together . the next month , lloyd was dead . shaneah , now a second-year criminal law student , tearfully testified about getting the call from police in the middle of the night . she called her mother . her next call was to her older sister . after heading to see lloyd 's mother in boston , shaneah and her uncle drove to the home shayanna and hernandez shared . surveillance video played in court from inside the home showed shayanna giving her a long hug . as she watched the video play from her seat in the front row , shayanna put her hand on her forehead , then wiped away tears . but other parts of shaneah 's testimony seemed to agitate the older sister , who had her arms crossed and bounced her leg , occasionally emitting sighs as her sister spoke . ursula ward , mother of the victim , speaks to the media outside court on wednesday . her late son 's girlfriend , shaneah jenkins , ( second left ) gave her a comforting pat on the arm . hernandez 's fiancée , shayanna jenkins , fled the court on wednesday morning after aaron hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder . shayanna pulled out a notebook and began scribbling notes at a few points , including when shaneah insisted hernandez had checked in with her only once to see how she was doing in the days after lloyd was found dead . hernandez 's lawyer presented shaneah with her own grand jury testimony , when she said he had periodically asked if she was ok. shayanna then shared the notes with hernandez 's legal team . shayanna attended just one day of her sister 's testimony - when shaneah was cross-examined . during that time , the sisters did not make eye contact , except once . soon after she took the stand , the prosecutor asked if she saw her sister in the courtroom . shaneah at first said no , until shayanna craned her neck to make sure she was seen . hernandez had been in the way . then at the end of last month , it was shayanna 's turn to take the stand for the prosecution after she was granted immunity . prosecutors earlier accused jenkins of lying to a grand jury 29 times as it probed lloyd 's murder . shayanna jenkins , fiancee of the former patriots player , testified at his murder trial in march . she stuttered and said ' we 're estranged ' when asked about her relationship with her sister . shayanna jenkins ' younger sister , shaneah , cried in court as her sister testified about disposing of items from hernandez 's home after the murder . to her right is lloyd 's mother ursula . they accused her of getting rid of possible evidence on hernandez 's instructions - including the murder weapon , a .45 glock pistol . shaneah testified she saw her sister carry a garbage bag to the basement after getting calls and texts the morning after lloyd 's body was found . shayanna was seen on her own home surveillance cameras carrying a box from her basement and borrowing her sister 's car to take it away . she testified to the court that she had ' no memory ' of where she disposed of the box . the box , nor the murder weapon , has ever been found . her sister , shaneah jenkins , who was dating murder victim lloyd , left the court sobbing as she made that statement . shayanna , wearing her large diamond engagement ring on the stand , borrowed shaneah 's car to carry out the errand after the younger sister came to her home to grieve for her murdered boyfriend . she told the court that she believed it was the first time she had ever borrowed her sister 's vehicle . shayanna appeared unruffled by the intense scrutiny being placed on by the prosecution over her alleged lies to the grand jury . but when she was asked about her relationship with her younger sister , she paused and stuttered : ' we 're estranged . ' 