two teenage girls were savagely beaten by a crowd of people , including parents and other adults , in a new jersey park as onlookers videotaped the riot and encouraged the violence to continue . destiny cooke , 16 , and lajahia cooke , 17 , were brutally kicked , punched , stomped and shoved around by the mob , who can be heard laughing during the five-minute video filmed in trenton . lajahia said one girl ripped out her earring out before the girl 's mother threw a rock at her ear , leaving a gash that required 12 stitches . scroll down for video . sisters destiny cooke , 16 , and lajahia cooke , 17 , were brutally kicked , punched , stomped and shovedy a crowd of people , including grown adults and parents , in a park in trenton , new jersey . people can be heard laughing throughout the video and chanting ' they gettin ' busy ! ' or ' let her get her ! ' and destiny has been left with a bald spot after someone grabbed a chunk of her hair . throughout the video various people hold the girls down so that others can punch them over and over again . one guy can be heard gleefully screaming ' they gettin ' busy ! ' at one point , according to abc 7 , someone tries to break up the fight but an adult is determined to let it continue , screaming ' let her get her ! ' but perhaps the most disturbing part of the video is when , while destiny is on the ground , her skirt rides up and men proceed to laugh and take pictures , one even exclaiming ' somebody smack that ! ' destiny said she was play fighting with her friend at the park on a nice day during spring break last monday before the riot broke out . she said people saw her and her friend and got the wrong idea . they came back with a crowd of people who , she said , were looking for a fight . when lajahia tried to step in and help destiny , all hell broke loose . ' it just escalated from there , ' destiny told nj.com . ' just like a riot broke out , they just started hitting us . ' destiny said she called her mother and asked her to pick the girls , telling her there were ' grown women ' walking up to the sisters . that 's when then the 16-year-old first got hit , causing her to drop her phone . ' i just had to defend myself , ' she told my 9 nj . the girls said they saw multiple police cars at the park as they left . destiny said no one got out to offer the girls any help , even as destiny 's nose was bleeding . destiny ( pictured ) has been left with a bald spot after people pulled on her hair throughout the fight . lajahia said one girl ripped an earring out of her ear , and then the girl 's mother threw a rock at her ear , leaving a gash that required 12 stitches . ' they just stayed in their cars and just looked at us , ' destiny said . ' i just felt like we were out there by ourselves and there were people stomping us on our head , ' she told nj.com . ' nobody was out there trying to help us - nobody . ' according to police spokesman lt. stephen varn , patrol officers received a 911 call for a reported street fight . two patrol units arrived at the scene of the brawl and reported that no other police officers were needed . trenton mayor eric jackson released a statement saying he was angered ' by the lack of good samaritans who should have stepped forward to come to the aid of these victims ' . a park ranger has since been installed to monitor greg grant park . police captain eddie gonzalez called the video ' sickening ' and said the department had identified ' a number of individuals that were a part of this ' . ' we will take swift action with them very , very shortly , ' he said . ' warrants will be issued in the very near future . ' destiny said police just ' stayed in their cars ' and stared as she and her sister lajahia ( pictured ) left the park after being brutally beaten .