juventus moved 15 points clear of lazio atop serie a with a 2-0 win against them on saturday and the italian media were quick to lavish praise upon carlos tevez , who ' laid the eggs ' for their fourth straight league win . tevez drove juve into the lead in the 17th minute against lazio , who went into the game on the back of eight consecutive wins , and celebrated his strike by dancing like a chicken . defender leonardo bonucci added the second 11 minutes later , scoring from 18 yards as lazio 's defence backed off . carlos tevez leads the front pages of italy 's football coverage after leading juventus to victory over lazio . tevez scored the opening goal for juventus and celebrated by dancing like a chicken . tevez 's goal helped juventus establish a 15-point lead over lazio at the summit of serie a . la gazzetta sportiva said tevez was ' laying the eggs ' for juventus taking their fourth straight serie a title , while tuttosport praised the size of juve 's 15-point advantage , which could be lowered to 13 if roma beat atalanta on sunday . in spain , a goal in 50 seconds from luis suarez followed by a 93rd minute strike from lionel messi gave barcelona a hard-fought 2-0 victory over valencia at the nou camp . messi 's goal was his 400th for barcelona and sport described the victory as ' three golden points and nearer the title ' with their front page on sunday . barcelona stay in first place and keep their two-point lead over real madrid in la liga , who beat malaga 3-1 . mundo deportivo credited valencia for ' making things very difficult in the first half ' before barcelona rallied to record a ' momentous victory . ' mundo deportivo ( left ) and sport report on a significant victory for barcelona against valencia in la liga . paris saint-germain lead the french coverage after moving to the top of ligue 1 by beating nice 3-1 . in france , l'equipe lead with paris saint-germain hitting back after defeat to barcelona in midweek in the champions league by beating nice 3-1 . the victory put laurent blanc 's team at the top of ligue 1 by a point , but lyon can return to the summit by beating st. etienne on sunday . 