john terry warned arsenal that they will never win the barclays premier league by playing ‘tippy-tappy football’ . in a robust defence of chelsea’s recent tactics , the club’s captain admitted jose mourinho changed the way the league leaders approached games after christmas . mourinho 's team were booed off the pitch by home fans following their 0-0 draw at arsenal and left the field to chants of ' boring , boring chelsea ' . john terry has warned arsenal they will not win the league playing 'tippy-tappy football ' and need to adapt . chelsea 's veteran striker didier drogba celebrate a hard-fought point at the emirates . terry said : ‘ we are definitely not boring and if we do go on to win it , nobody’s going to remember the performances when perhaps it’s not been that exciting , but we 've dug deep where other teams haven’t and that is why they are so far behind us . ‘ possession is great , we could see that from the manchester united game last week . ‘ possession and tippy-tappy football’s great , but if you are not winning games you’re not going to win the league . ‘let’s not forget the first half of the season , up until christmas , we were the best side by far . ‘ the football we played with ( cesc ) fabregas and his assists , the goal at burnley by andre schurrle and goals after that . the play was different class . ‘ things then went against us and the manager being him , came up with the way to get us through games and that’s where he’s at his best . terry was one of the players of the match and was rightly praised by manager jose mourinho after the game . chelsea midfielder nemanja matic and goalkeeper thibaut courtois celebrate after the goalless draw . terry punches the air as the chelsea squad celebrate yet another step towards winning the premier league . the chelsea squad celebrate at the final whistle at the emirates following their hard-earned draw with arsenal . ‘ we were the best side up until christmas for sure and we have actually beaten the teams who have made things difficult for us . ' we are grinding out results , we have got the quality in the squad , so hopefully we can get over the line because we are very close . ' terry also admitted defending was an art after mourinho claimed his performance against arsenal on sunday was one of the finest of his career . eden hazard ( middle ) celebrates winning the pfa player of the year award with his chelsea team-mates . hazard and his chelsea team-mates celebrate as the belgian international scoops player of the year award . hazard was played as a false no 9 during the premier league clash with rivals arsenal at the emirates . a frustrated olivier giroud reacts as the chelsea defence refuses to be broken during their london derby . alexis sanchez doing his best to beat branislav ivanovic to the ball as arsenal tried to get behind chelsea . the chelsea defender 's reading of the game has always been one of his biggest strengths and he was at his best repelling arsenal 's attacks at the emirates . he added : ' it is an art . listen i totally respect him , he is a great manager , but from our point i am just delighted . ' i got on the end of a lot of crosses and cleared a few . you can feel when things are going well and stuff and definitely during the game i felt it was . santi cazorla is left frustrated as his side fail to break down a stubborn chelsea defence at the emirates . former arsenal captain cesc fabregas walks off the emirates stadium pitch as chelsea close in on the title . terry has warned arsene wenger that is side will not win the title playing 'tippy-tappy football ' . ' but to hear that from the likes of the manager , who stands there and assesses you day-in , day-out , is really nice . but i just have to keep on and keep going because it can go the other way . ' they are a really good side , especially going forward , so needed to be on it defensively , which we have been collectively . ' i just thought even in midfield , tracking back late on , you could see they were shattered a little bit , but everyone dug deep . ' meanwhile , hazard was given yet more reason to celebrate as he was awarded the pfa player of the year award on sunday night . team-mates terry , diego costa , nemanja matic , gary cahill and branislav ivanovic were also rewarded with a place in the pfa premier league team of the year . wenger looks on at the emirates as his side yet again fail to get one over on mourinho 's chelsea .