as every celebrity and fashionista knows , no look is complete without a statement bag . but for many stars , such as madonna who 's been showing off her mock croc ' dealer ' purse , that statement is becoming increasingly controversial , with clutches and handbags emblazoned with unsavoury slogans and pictures . and bad taste bags now seem to be everywhere , with designers incorporating weapons , naked women and even abandoned babies into their ranges . femail takes a look at the worst offenders in the luggage department . madonna 's new handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug related slogan , after the pop legend shared a picture of her new luggage with her fans on instagram on sunday . madonna 's new black crocodile handbag has caused a stir for its seemingly drug-related slogan , the word ' dealer ' spelled out in bling diamond lettering . sharing the snap of her new bag on instagram on sunday , the pop legend wrote , ' dealers choice ! my favorite new handbag by mawi ! ' , which she followed by dice , gun and love heart emoticons , plus the hash tag # rebelheart . known for pushing the boundaries , madonna 's latest luggage comes from east london designer mawi keivom , who specialises in bejeweled luxury accessories . though the bag appears to be a hermes kelly , the customisation is bound to be seen as inappropriate by many and follows closely on madonna 's other opinion-splitting move - kissing drake live on stage . never far from a controversial fashion trend , rihanna carried not one , but two gun themed bags while out for dinner in santa monica last autumn . the singer also has a gun tattoo on her torso . rihanna is a woman after madonna 's heart and last autumn was spotted carrying not one but two gun-themed bags while out for dinner in santa monica . she carried a black leather saint laurent clutch with white line drawings of various weapons , while her black leather cross-body bag was in the shape of a gun holster . the singer seems to have a thing for the deadly weapon and even has a revolver tattoo under her right armpit . however , rihanna doesn't draw the line at just guns and in 2013 , she was spotted carrying two clutches embroidered with cannabis leaves . she has also rocked a vivienne westwood bag decorated with appliqued neon mock crock leather cut in the shape of a penis . the singer does n't draw the line at just guns either . in 2013 rihanna was spotted carrying a black clutch bag decorated with a cannabis leaf . rihanna saw the humour in the clutch bag gifted to her by british designer vivienne westwood in 2013 ( left ) ; and the barbardos singer has never made any effort to hide her love of cannabis ( right ) . rumer willis , meanwhile , has previously jumped on the gun-bag bandwagon with a black leather ' guardian angel ' bag by vlieger and vandam . the tote is decorated with a full moulded outline of a handgun , intended to give the impression that the accessory contains the deadly weapon . the brand also has a knife version of the same style of bag , and a slightly less aggressive handcuff design . daughter of bruce willis and demi moore , rumer willis has also landed herself at the centre of the handbag controversy , with this ' guardian angel ' bag by designer label vlieger and vandam . the brand also has a knife version of the same style of bag , and a slightly less aggressive handcuff design . but when it comes to eyebrow-raising accessories , rihanna and madonna are mere amateurs compared with artist grayson perry , who designed his own brown leather bag in the shape of a scrotal sac on one side , and a bottom on the other . in december 2013 channel 4 's liberty of london behind-the-scenes documentary focused on the item , which was conceived by the artist and realised by leather craftsman andy bates . the one-of-a-kind bag also includes a leather ' appendage ' which is completed by a small gold bell supplied by perry himself . bates said : ' it took months to construct the bag . ' firstly i had to carve a wooden former and then soak hand-dyed , bark-tanned calfskin in water so that it became malleable and could be moulded around the oaken testicles , a technique which is centuries old . ' upholstery nails had been driven in so that the details of the `` pimples '' could be brought out . ' the two halves of the bag were shaped then hand-stitched together using waxed , linen thread . ' finally , a bell , which had been supplied by grayson himself , was added to the end of the appendage and given a ceremonial and celebratory jingle of completion . ' grayson perry 's scrotal sack handbag is designed to look exactly like it 's real-life inspiration . the fully functioning handbag even has a carefully placed ' flower ' on the reverse , to symbolise another key body area . us designer james piatt has made his name by making controversial accessories , including his peacemaker design , made with a knuckleduster handle . priced from $ 89 to $ 169 , the website reads : ' in an age when it is difficult to avoid terror take charge of the streets and look fashionable with a peacekeeper handbag . ' piatt 's collection also features the foundling bag , up to $ 539 , which features a stylised representation of a crying baby kicking arms and legs in the air , was inspired by ' an infant that has been deserted ' . a variety of charms are available to buy for the bag , including an airplane , a pack of cigarettes and an open window , in a reference to the kidnapping of charles lindbergh 's baby and michael jackson 's dangling of his son prince outside a berlin window . ' in an age when it is difficult to avoid terror take charge of the streets and look fashionable with a peacekeeper™ handbag , ' says american designer james piatt . piatt 's collection also features the foundling bag , inspired by ' an infant that has been deserted , ' and for which you can buy various charms including an airplane , a pack of cigarettes and an open window . yet on of the most outrageous mistakes came from high street brand zara , which sold a canvas hold-all with images of flowers , animals - and a swastika . while in hinduism , buddhism and jainism the symbol signifies auspiciousness and well-being , this meaning was not apparent to customers who could n't overlook its strong association with nazi germany . zara was quick to retract the bag , releasing a statement saying that it had been designed by an external supplier , and that nobody had noticed the finer details of its decoration . in 2007 spanish fashion chain zara was forced to retract this handbag design which featured swastika details . chanel 's dubai audience branded this handbag as rude , offensive and gimmicky , claiming that karl lagerfeld was wrong to showcase the petrol can shaped bag in his collection inspired by the emirate . meanwhile , though chanel designer karl lagerfeld often courts controversy , he was caught unawares by the negative reactions to his oil can handbag . designed for his cruise 2014/15 chanel show in dubai , and said to be inspired by the culture of the emirates , many criticised his offering as rude , offensive and gimmicky . while some saw past the cliche stereotyping , others were quick to note how disappointed they were that lagerfeld had chosen to represent their identity in such a way . but he 's not the first person to give a classic bag a controversial twist . in december 2013 , kanye west commissioned an artist to paint a bizarre scene featuring nude women and mane in monster masks an iconic hermes birkin bag . though deemed an eyesore by many , opinion had softened by time kim debuted her second defaced hermes bag , this time handpainted by daughter north west last november . iconic handbag collectors were appalled to see kanye west 's 2013 christmas gift to kim kardashian - a hermes birkin bag ' defaced ' with a painting kanye commissioned from an artist . kim also owns a second hand painted hermes handbag which was met with softer opinion , after it was revealed the bag was decorated by kim 's daughter north west . another bag that has gone down in the controversial hall of shame is a canvas tote bag sold by doeclothes on amazon that says ' mommy drinks because you are bad . ' luggage designers are the only ones getting in on the act - label companies are too . a luggage sticker created by two male designers from vancouver caused uproar when it was released , displaying a traumatised woman bound and gagged , seemingly in your suitcase . sold on thecheeky.com , the $ 7.50 stickers were all meant to look as though the suitcase had been torn open to reveal illicit contents such as stacks of cash , bags of cocaine or sex toys . the canadian government was unimpressed , however , and the stickers were made unavailable to canadian consumers . right : slogan bags regularly push the limits of dark humour , much like this canvas tote bag sold by doeclothes on amazon . left : a luggage sticker created by two male designers from vancouver , which displays a traumatised woman bound and gagged , seemingly in your suitcase .