 on wednesday , sportsmail revealed for the first time how popular each premier league club is around the globe according to twitter followers . arsenal came out on top globally with 5.68million followers ahead of chelsea ( 5.49m ) and manchester united ( 4.87m ) . but one country was missing : china – where the government outlaws twitter as they seek to keep control of information and the media . manchester united have over eight million followers on weibo , almost double that of twitter . manchester city also have over eight million weibo followers compared to 2.4million on twitter . guangzhou evergrande taobao are third on the list of clubs in the world with most weibo followers . in twitter’s place is a microblogging site called weibo which has an incredible 27.2m premier league fans – just one million short of the total number of premier league fans on the whole of twitter worldwide . so , do chinese fans follow the same patterns at the rest of the world ? well it is a story of one city in china , with the manchester clubs accumulating 17,193,721 followers . united have 8,872,812 weibo followers compared with 4,870,000 on twitter , while city have 8,320,909 compared with just 2,420,000 . barcelona have 5.4million followers on weibo , the fourth most of any club in the world . arsenal have 3.6million followers on weibo compared to 5.6 million on twitter . united’s support in china is no surprise as they have solid support across asia on twitter , but city punch well above their weight in china compared with the rest of the continent . somewhat surprisingly tottenham are the only other club premier league club to have more followers in china than on twitter – 1,367,140 compared with 1,090,000 . elsewhere , everton’s support is very much in the infancy with just 527 of the 275m weibo users following roberto martinez’s side . of the 10 premier league clubs active on weibo , six – united , city , arsenal , chelsea , liverpool and tottenham , feature in the top 20 most followed clubs in china . the manchester clubs are first and second , with guangzhou evergrande taobao – managed by fabio cannavaro – third and barcelona fourth . chelsea are 11th on the list of clubs with most followers on the chinese microblogging site . liverpool have 2.3million followers on chinese site weibo compared to 4.2million on twitter . bayern munich are 13th , real madrid are way down in 18th – with 81,303 less followers than tottenham – and paris saint germain in 20th . and such is the popularity of the premier league , michael owen has a staggering 3,074,148 followers on the site - which would put him 10th in the top 20 clubs list . with the popularity of football rapidly increasingly in china – in december 2014 the china’s president made football compulsory for children and added it to the national curriculum – expect premier league clubs to intensify their effort to grab a slice of this lucrative market . sportquake provided the data and their founder matt house said : ' with its thrilling brand of football , the premier league delivers mass engagement for fans in markets all over the world . we can say with confidence that more premier league teams will be active on weibo next season . ' as always , football and the premier league is leading the way with new technologies , but we expect follower figures on both twitter and weibo to balance out to reflect fan bases as the platforms mature . '