a headteacher who allegedly used his school email to set up a threesome with a prostitute who he wanted to spank while she was dressed as a schoolgirl , has resigned from his post . david nicholson , 48 , sent the woman explicit messages saying he was ' keen ' on her dressing up like a pupil and was ' looking forward to putting you over my knee ' , it is claimed . the married father-of-four has not returned to the costello school in basingstoke , hampshire , since the correspondence came to light last month , and has now left the school . married father-of-four david nicholson is accused of sending messages to a prostitute about spanking her when she is dressed up in school uniform using his official school email . mr nicholson , from great bedwyn , wiltshire , is still under investigation by ofstead after claims he used his official school email address to contact an £150-an-hour escort through an adult website and arrange a meeting with her and another woman . the sun newspaper published the messages between mr nicholson and the escort , which showed her telling him she liked dressing up as a schoolgirl and being spanked . the cambridge graduate then allegedly responded : ' i love this and would be keen , ' adding that he he was ' looking forward to putting u over my knee ' ( sic ) . mr nicholson , is said to have organised a liaison in a hotel room on a night when he was due to be working away from home , which was then cancelled , according to the paper . in a statement today , mr nicholson said : ' as i am sure you will understand , the recent press coverage has been highly distressing . resigned : mr nicholson started as headteacher at the costello school in basingstoke in september last year . ' although i have been very grateful for the many messages of support and understanding , i have to put both the interests of my family and the school community first . ' it is therefore , with huge regret and disappointment that i have taken the very difficult decision to resign as headteacher of the costello school . accused : mr nicholson allegedly used his school email to send messages to prostitutes . ' i have been very privileged to have served as headteacher of the school and proud of the opportunities i have set up . i wish all at the school every good fortune in the future . ' having previously worked as a head teacher at a school in chippenham , wiltshire , mr nicholson , moved to the costello school , which counts liz hurley among its alumni , last september , mr nicholson , who lives with his wife of 15 years karina , 43 , a local councillor , and describe himself as a ''husband and father ' on his twitter account is also training to be an ofsted inspector . carol bode , the school 's chair of governors , said that there are no concerns relating to the safeguarding of pupils at the school and confirmed that the board has accepted mr nicholson 's resignation . ' in the time david was with us , he worked tirelessly for the school and always with our students best interests at heart providing the school with clear leadership and direction and maintaining a tireless focus on their educational progress . ' we wish him well for the future . the governing body 's commitment remains to our students , staff and local communities . ' she added : ' please be assured that for the school it is ' business as usual ' and that our total focus is on our students , their learning and progress . ' the school is in the capable hands of mr leigh adams , acting head teacher and his senior leadership team , and all staff and students have responded magnificently over recent weeks . ' 