a germanwings passenger has revealed how a pilot on a recent flight calmed fliers ' nerves before takeoff by leaving the cockpit to give a speech so they could all look him in the eye . hugh roche kelly , who was flying from berlin to paris yesterday morning , posted the account on his twitter profile of how the pilot managed to dispel the ' tense vibe ' by his actions . data from the second black box recorder on germanwings flight 4u9525 today confirmed co-pilot andreas lubitz deliberately flew the airbus a320 into the side of a mountain into the french alps , killing 150 people . scroll down for video . a germanwings airbus a320 much like the one which crashed in the french alps , killing 150 people . a passenger on one of the company 's flights from berlin to paris has praised the pilot for calming nerves . hugh roche kelly posted on his twitter account how impressed he was with the pilot 's pre-flight speech . andreas lubitz , the germanwings co-pilot who deliberately brought down flight 4u9525 last week . nerves were calmed on mr kelly 's flight as he took the time to say a few words in three different languages , saying he was thankful passengers were still prepared to fly with the company . mr kelly 's post said : ' there was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal . ' once i was actually onboard , and looked at the crew door , it was all too easy to imagine how horrific the time before that crash would have been . ' i was thinking about what kind of a response a company should make to something like this . do you ask everyone to carry on as normal , with utmost professionalism and a stiff upper lip ? ' then , our pilot came out and made almost his normal pre flight speech , except he did so standing in the front row . ' he spoke about how it was a difficult and strange time for him and for all the cabin crew , how they still all love doing their job , and how they 're thankful that they still have passengers coming onto their planes . ' mostly though , he said he just wanted to come out and stand in front of everyone and let all the passengers on his flight have a moment of eye contact with him , and for us to meet him and for him to meet us . ' mr kelly 's post said : ' there was a tense vibe - the crew were on edge and some passengers were definitely more nervous than normal ' . lubitz was responsible for the worst air disaster in europe in recent history , as both black box flight recorders have no confirmed . french gendarmes get ready to visit the crash site of the german airbus a320 as part of the search operation in seyne-les-alpes . the first black box voice recorder from the germanwings flight that was recovered last week revealed andreas lubitz deliberately crashed the plane . the second has now confirmed he intended to crash it . relatives of the victims of the germanwings flight 4u9525 crash on tuesday put down flowers at the memorial in le vernet , south-eastern france . mr kelly added that the pilot 's efforts had made him feel ' enormous respect for him ' , adding ' anyone listening could tell it was a difficult thing to do - to stand in front of 150 more-nervous-than-they-really-needed-to-be people and say `` everything 's going to be fine , because i am going to look after it '' . ' so , well done that man . ' the aviator 's impressive efforts came just days after it emerged how fellow germanwings pilot frank woiton hugged each individual passenger as they boarded a plane preparing to retrace the route taken by ill-fated flight 4u9525 just two days after it crashed . woiton , 48 , told german newspaper bild how he received a huge round of applause after he delivered an emotional speech before takeoff on the flight between barcelona and dusselforf . wreckage : rescue workers and investigators pictured at the crash site of the germanwings airbus a320 in the alps . french emergency rescue services work at the crash site of the germanwings plane where 150 people died . french emergency rescue services are pictured here sifting through the wreckage of the crashed plane . the pilot , who once flew with killer airman lubitz , told passengers : ' you can rely on the fact that i want to sit this evening with my family at the dinner table . ' french air accident investigators said today the 27-year-old used the automatic pilot to put the plane into a descent and repeatedly adjusted the controls to speed up the aircraft . the revelation adds further weight to evidence from the cockpit voice recorder that lubitz acted deliberately when he crashed the airbus a320 into the french alps at 430mph . a judicial source working alongside marseille prosecutor brice robin said the information confirmed their worst fears . the second black box , which was found charred and crumpled at the crash site yesterday , measures data such as speed , altitude and pilot action and was an ' indispensable element ' in the investigation , said the source . the bea air accident agency said in a statement that investigators have so far only obtained initial readings from the device and were continuing to extract data . rescue workers examine wreckage at the site of the germanwings airbus a320 crash in the french alps .