a father faces felony charges for bring home an injured eight-inch alligator for his son to nurse back to health . after finding the alligator being attacked by a bird , kevin gill , from naples , florida , told wbbh that he thought his 13-year-old son could care for the reptile while learning about gators . but when collier county deputies were serving a search warrant on the family 's home for an unrelated issue , they came across the baby gator - and told gill it was illegal . scroll down for video . arrest : kevin gill , pictured in a mug shot , left , was arrested after deputies found he had a small alligator inside his florida home . he had found the injured gator and given it to his son , right , to nurse back to health . ' i had no clue , ' gill , 45 , told wbbh . ' it was n't like i was out collecting alligators . i was trying to save an alligator and nurse it back to health and we were going to take it over to the conservancy ... ' i did n't think it was a big deal since there 's millions of them and they took them off the endangered species list . ' but after the deputies found the gator , which the family kept in a tank , they took gill to jail . the case is being handled by florida 's fish and wildlife commission . it is a felony in florida to keep an alligator without a license , regardless of its size . illegal : to keep an alligator of any size in florida , you need to apply for a license ( stock picture ) . home : the alligator was kept in this tank in the family 's naples home after they found it outside . stunned : gill said he never knew keeping an alligator - especially such a small one - was illegal . anyone who wants to own an alligator must ' demonstrate 1 year and 1,000 hours of substantial practical experience in the handling , husbandry and care of alligators or other crocodilian species ' before applying for a license , according to the wildlife commission . gill said he was shocked to discover the laws . ' everybody that i 've talked to was amazed i was arrested for something like that , ' he said . see below for video . 