nigel farage today accused the snp of being ' openly racist ' , blaming alex salmond for fuelling resentment . the ukip leader said anti-english sentiment in scotland was now the ' biggest ' form of racism in the uk . h‎e said mr salmond had made the problem worse and said it was wrong that ukip is called racist . scroll down for video . nigel farage , pictured today giving a speech in harrogate , said the snp was ' openly racist ' , accusing alex salmond ( right ) of fuelling resentment . speaking during a visit to hartlepool , mr farage said : ''the biggest racism i have seen in british politics is happening north of the border where some of the anti-english hatred is reaching a truly astonishing level . 't‎he snp are openly racist . the anti-english hostility and the kind of language that is used about and towards english people is totally extraordinary . ' if my supporters behaved in the way that some of those pro-independence supporters behaved in the referendum i 'd have been painted out to be the worst person that had been seen for 70 years in british politics . ' asked if being anti-english was the same as being racist , mr farage said : ' when i say that i do n't think we should have an open door to poland , latvia and lithuania i 'm accused of being racist and yet when it 's the scots being rude about the english you do n't think it is . ' the fact is ukip is a non-racist non-sectarian political party and we 've got more members of black and ethnic minority standing for us than the green party or the liberal democrats . we 're an all embracing party . ' mr farage addressed supporters at the grand hotel , in hartlepool , as he stepped up his election push in the north of england . nigel farage has said he is ' astonished ' by how little clothing women in newcastle wear on a night out . the ukip leader said it showed that people in the north east are ' particularly tough ' . during a visit to hartlepool , he said : ' the last time i went out in newcastle was about 18 months ago and i think it was february or march and i think it was completely astonished to see how little clothing people wear in this part of the world . ' there were girls with platform shoes like that , dresses here , blokes in t-shirts and i can only conclude that although we are all from the same country you are particularly tough up here . ' mr farage accused the former scottish first minister of not doing enough to counter the problem . he said : ' i think the one i blame is alex salmond . when i was attacked by a group of thugs in the street in edinburgh with the most extraordinary anti-english sentiments being shouted , when salmond was asked whether he condemned that ‎behaviour he did n't . ' i think it is ironic that all the talk about extremism within british politics is pointed towards ukip when there are others who are far more guilty . ' asked if nicola sturgeon was also to blame , mr farage added : ' she has n't done anything to stop it , but i have n't heard her say anything to encourage it.‎ ' but snp msp humza yousaf hit back at the ukip leader 's ' politics of fear and intolerance ' . he said : ' these disgraceful comments - which are n't just offensive to the snp , but to the majority of people in scotland on current polls - show exactly why the people of scotland reject ukip . ' nigel farage 's politics of fear and intolerance have been exposed in this campaign , and he has still not apologised for david coburn mep comparing me to a convicted terrorist merely because i am a muslim . ' the snp have been clear that we will be a positive voice for people across the uk - and with progressive policies such as ending austerity to invest in public services and our nhs , we can bring real change north and south of the border . ' all ukip have to offer is nasty rhetoric . ' mr farage said both nicola sturgeon and mr salmond had failed to act to quell resentment between the english and scots . mr farage also dismissed a claim from labour 's shadow business secretary chuka umunna that ukip is infected with the ' virus of racism ' . he said mr umunna , who he labelled ' the high priest of the liberal metropolitan elite ' , had made the comment because labour is ' running scared ' of ukip . hartlepool , which has been held by labour since it was formed in 1974 , is ukip 's main target seat in the north east at the general election . in 2010 , ukip took just seven per cent of the vote and labour 's iain wright retained the seat with a 5,509 majority . he replaced peter mandelson as the mp in a by-election in 2004 after the labour grandee stood down to become a european commissioner . mr farage 's hopes for electoral victory in hartlepool come after the town elected a man dressed as a monkey as its mayor in 2002 . stuart drummond stood as 'h'angus the monkey ' , hartlepool united fc 's mascot , as a publicity stunt with the slogan , ' free bananas for schoolchildren ' . he was re-elected in 2005 and 2009 before voters in the town backed a referendum to scrap the paid post in 2012 . hartlepool 's residents are famously said to have hanged a monkey during the napoleonic wars because they thought it was a french spy .