disgraced former virginia gov . bob mcdonnell made his final written plea to a federal appeals court wednesday , arguing that the favors he did for a wealthy businessman were routine courtesies and not part of a bribery scheme . the onetime rising republican star made the argument in a 54-page brief in the 4th u.s . circuit court of appeals . a three-judge panel of the court will conduct a hearing on his appeal of his public corruption convictions on may 12 . scroll down for videos . former virginia gov . bob mcdonnell fought back tears outside a federal court building after he was sentenced for selling the influence of his office to the ceo of a dietary supplements company . mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in federal prison for public corruption . mcdonnell and his wife , maureen , were convicted in a joint trial in september of accepting more than $ 165,000 in gifts and loans from former star scientific inc. ceo jonnie williams in exchange for promoting his company 's nutritional supplements . bob mcdonnell was sentenced to two years in prison and his wife to one year and one day , but they remain free while they pursue separate appeals . ' governor mcdonnell never promised anything and never did anything besides extend to williams the sorts of routine courtesies elected officials throughout the country extend to donors and benefactors every day , ' mcdonnell 's lawyers wrote in the latest filing . they were responding to the government 's brief urging the court to uphold the criminal convictions . former first lady maureen mcdonnell , left , was sentenced to a year and a day . star scientific ceo jonnie williams testified under an immunity deal , admitting that he paid the governor with lavish perks in exchange for helping him secure university backing for his ' miracle cure ' anatabloc product . prosecutors had written in a 93-page submission to the court that mcdonnell 's actions fit the definition of ' official acts ' even better than those taken by former louisiana rep. william jefferson , who is serving 13 years in prison for taking bribes in exchange for using his influence to broker business deals with government leaders in africa . jefferson was famously caught with $ 100,000 in bribe money hidden in his freezer . ' here , defendant directed his action toward subordinate state employees within the branch of government that he controlled as governor , ' they wrote , while in the jefferson case ' a congressman took action through meetings , letters , and the like directed at other government agencies or foreign governments . ' one of mcdonnell 's chief claims on appeal is that the favors he did for williams did not amount to ' official acts ' covered by federal bribery law . in the new filing , he argues that a meeting mcdonnell arranged for williams with an administration official was ' innocuous ' and that there was nothing special about an event at the executive mansion to launch star 's signature product , the anti-inflammatory anatabloc . ' governor mcdonnell arrived late , made neutral comments , and left . he never asked anyone to do anything for williams , ' the brief says . star scientific , the maker of anatabloc , the anti-inflammatory supplement at the center of the mcdonnell trial , halted sales of the product in august 2014 . worse than the freezer bribes ? prosecutors argue mcdonnell 's behavior was a better fit with bribery laws than that of convicted former congressman william jefferson , who his $ 100,000 of his bribe cash in his freezer . mcdonnell argues that in addition to mischaracterizing such events as ' official acts , ' the government incorrectly suggested that mcdonnell kept his staff in the dark about most of williams ' gifts . among the gifts were almost $ 20,000 worth of designer clothing and accessories for maureen mcdonnell , vacations , golf outings and $ 15,000 for a daughter 's wedding . the former governor also renewed claims that the judge improperly denied separate trials for bob and maureen mcdonnell and that he failed to adequately question jurors about pretrial news coverage . williams , who was seeking state-financed research on anatabloc while lavishing the mcdonnells with gifts and loans , testified under immunity for the prosecution .