rangers have promised to probe claims mike ashley has grabbed control of the club 's badges . reports emerged on social media on thursday afternoon suggesting the newcastle united owner was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks - including the ' ready ' badge and mascot broxi bear . the sports direct tycoon had been given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5million loan handed to the previous gers board in january . rangers have promised to probe claims mike ashley has grabbed control of the club 's badges . reports emerged suggesting the newcastle owner was now the official owner of the light blues trademarks . but now dave king 's new regime have promised a speedy investigation after documents appeared on the government-run intellectual property office ( ipo ) website showing the club 's trademarks were now controlled by sportsdirect.com retail ltd . in a statement a club spokesman said : ' the board is currently conducting a review of all contractual documentation but this particular issue has become a matter of urgency . ' news that ashley has seized hold of more treasured assets will worry the ibrox faithful . the londoner is already vastly unpopular after grabbing hold of a 75 per cent share of the club 's retail income with his loan deal . dave king 's new regime have promised a speedy investigation into the claims surrounding ashley . the ipo site confirm the transfer from rangers football club ltd to sports direct was fully assigned on march 25 - less than three weeks after former chief executive and ashley ally derek llambias and finance director barry leach , a former sports direct executive , were removed at a general meeting called by king . yet interim chairman paul murray announced two days later that the new board had held ' no discussions with mike ashley or sports direct ' . rangers announced last week that if they gain promotion to the premiership , they will have to pay newcastle £500,000 as part of the deal which saw five magpies youngsters move to ibrox on loan . ashley was given security over the icons and logos as part of the £5m loan handed to the previous board .