it may look like a misshapen disk of metal , but this coin is one of the oldest ever to be found in britain . the tiny copper coin , which is smaller than a penny , dates from the iron age almost 2,300 years ago and suggests there were links between the south west of england and the mediterranean . it was found in silt after the river avon burst its banks between bristol and bath . the tiny copper coin , which is smaller than a penny , dates from the iron age almost 2,300 years ago and suggests there were links between the south west of england and the mediterranean . on one side there is a horse’s head , while the other bears the image of the goddess tanit , the chief deity of carthage . experts have dated the coin to between 300 bc and 264 bc and say it came from the western mediterranean - probably sardinia or ancient carthage . the find suggests that the village of saltford , where it was found , was on a major trade route long before roman times . on one side of the coin there the image of the goddess tanit , the chief deity of carthage , ( pictured left ) while on the reverse is a horse’s head , pictured right . the find suggests that the village of saltford ( shown on the map with a red marker ) , where the coin was found , was on a major trade route long before roman times . it is believed there was a ford in the area , which made it the only place to cross the river avon at the time . one side of the coin shows an image of the carthaginian goddess tanit , suggesting links between the south west and the mediterranean . the coin is thought to be the oldest dateable evidence of human activity found in saltford and the west of england . it suggests iron age links between the mediterranean and the bristol channel , which the river avon flows into around 15 miles ( 24km ) away . professor david mattingly , an archaeologist and roman historian at the university of leicester said : ‘it’s really interesting to have a carthaginian coin in britain . ‘ suppose that coin was deposited close to its minting - at the time , there were no coins being used in britain . it would have been quite alien to people . ‘ we are very sure that horses were important at the time so that may have invoked a lot of interest back then . it’s a very interesting find . ’ phil harding of the saltford environment group , said that the coin’s significant because it is one of the oldest coins ever to be found in england . ‘ only eight of these have ever been found , always on ancient trade routes , ’ he said . ‘ we can’t believe it . we thought we would be writing the history of saltford from the roman times to now . ‘ but now we have to go back to the iron age . it’s absolutely fantastic . ’ last july a hoard of roman and late iron age coins were found in a cave in dovedale in the peak district , where they had lain undisturbed for 2,000 years . it was the first time that coins from the two separated groups have been found buried together . archaeologists discovered 26 coins , including three roman coins which pre-date the invasion of britain in 43 ad , and 20 other gold and silver pieces which are late iron age and thought to belong to the corieltavi tribe . last july a hoard of roman and late iron age coins ( pictured ) were found in a cave in dovedale in the peak district , where they had lain undisturbed for 2,000 years . national trust archaeologist rachael hall said whoever owned the cache was probably a wealthy and influential figure . ' the coins would suggest a serious amount of wealth and power of the individual who owned them . ‘ coins were used more as a symbol of power and status during the late iron age , rather than for buying and selling staple foods and supplies . ‘ ... the situation of the cave can’t be ignored either . could it have been a sacred place to the late iron age peoples that was taboo to enter in everyday life , making it a safe place that would ensure that person’s valuables were protected ? '