my , my . at waterloo napoleon did surrender . so go the opening lyrics to abba 's eurovision winner . but it seems the message has n't got through to the majority of us . research has revealed that three out of four people have little or no knowledge about the battle of waterloo . only just over half ( 53 per cent ) know the duke of wellington led the british forces , while one in seven believe that it was the french who were victorious in 1815 . veeker 's rendering of the battle between wellington 's anglo-dutch army and the french : forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they did n't know who led british forces against france in the battle . the survey , by the national army museum ahead of the 200th anniversary on june 18 , also showed that young people are more likely to associate waterloo with the london railway station or the abba song than the actual battle – with one in eight of those aged 18-24 saying they 'd never heard of it . forty-seven per cent of 2,070 adults polled said they did n't know , or they thought the man in charge was either sir francis drake , sir winston churchill , king arthur or even harry potter 's wizardry mentor albus dumbledore . more than a quarter of all the people polled ( 28 per cent ) have no idea who won the battle of waterloo , while one in seven ( 14 per cent ) wrongly believe the french were victorious over the british . two-thirds ( 67 per cent ) are unaware that june 18th this year is the bicentenary of waterloo . now the national army museum , together with waterloo 200 - the organisation approved by the government to support the anniversary - and other cultural organisations , are planning a series of events to bring waterloo to life . janice murray , director-general at the national army museum , said : ' despite the battle of waterloo being an iconic moment in british history , uk public awareness is dramatically low . ' the national army museum is seeking to bridge this knowledge gap through the creation of a series of innovative pop-up events and regional exhibitions around the country making the dramatic story of the battle accessible for all . ' abba at the 1974 eurovision song contest : young people are more likely to associate waterloo the abba song than the actual battle . young people were also likely to associate the battle with the london station , with one in eight of those aged 18-24 saying they 'd never heard of the battle . the battle of waterloo took place on june 18th , 1815 , when british and prussian forces , under the command of duke of wellington , halted the advance of french army in belgium . the bloody battle claimed the lives of 65,000 of the 200,000 men that took part , and saw the defeat of napoleon , ending his reign as emperor of france and ushering in a period of peace following years of war in europe . the national army museum , based in chelsea , west london , is currently closed for redevelopment . it is due to reopen next year . 