an editor for a los angeles-based fashion website has opened up about going from a super skinny size two to a ‘healthy’ size ten , in a new article about body acceptance . being obsessed about having the perfect body is not exclusive to those working in fashion , but it is an industry that encourages it , and meghan blalock , managing editor of popular style website who what wear , is the first to admit that things can get carried away . in a new article published on her website , the 29-year-old editor reveals what her changing sizes taught her about being comfortable in her own skin and how being thinner did not equal being happier - though she admits that this is only something she has recently started coming to terms with . strike a pose : meghan blalock , pictured at a marchesa shoot in 2014 , when she ‘ squeezed into’ a small size six dress , has opened up about her battle with body image . blogger extraordinaire : meghan wrote the article for the website who what wear , where she works as a managing editor . ' i was teased for being fat starting around seven or eight years old , ' she writes . ' of course , i was far from actually being fat , but i think the cruelty of my peers ended up having a long-term impact that i am just overcoming . ' in her confessional , meghan describes being every different size from a two to a ten , explaining that her smallest form was achieved after losing 25 pounds as a teenager when she ' made it my mission to show up to my freshman year looking fitter and better than ever ' . she met that goal by going on a restriction diet and ' exercising like crazy all summer ' . stepping into the school on the first day back to a windfall of compliments , meghan admits that she felt ' amazing ' , but also reveals that the ' high ' she gained from being thin led her down a path to ' an actual addiction ' . ever-changing : the 29-year-old , pictured when she was somewhere between a size four and a size six , says she has been ' pretty much every size you can imagine ' . ' eventually , i ended up somewhere around 110 pounds , and i stopped menstruating , ' she writes . ' my “ rock bottom , ” as they say , came when , at 15 years old , i found myself in my parents ' bathroom , sobbing because i had overshot my calorie limit for the day , and was pondering vomiting it all up . ' that turning point put meghan on the journey to accepting her body . and while it was a long time before she truly achieved that state , she now confesses that she knows the times in her life when she was at her skinniest , were also the periods when she was the most unhappy . ' the times when i have been thin , when i looked really , really great in every single photo , are the times when i have been the most miserable on the inside , ' she says . ' when i’ve been my skinniest , i’ve been my unhappiest : meghan says she is much more happy since she let go of trying to be extra thin . a healthy size eight : meghan , pictured in november 2014 , is now a yoga addict and more comfortable in her skin than she 's ever been . while meghan claims to believe not all size two women are miserable , she adds that it is ' simply not my natural state ' , and usually stemmed from issues like stress and eating disorders . today , meghan says she is a healthy size eight , regularly does yoga and tries to ' feel nothing but positive feelings ' when looking in the mirror . she admits that it 's a battle to truly feel that way , but she rounds up her article on the advice that she has learned : ' it simply does not matter what size you are . ' what matters is your internal state—your happiness , contentment , and joy—and that your body is healthy , ' she says . ' obviously , this is much easier said than done , but take it from a woman who has seen some success at trying not to care : it’s possible , and what you experience on the other side is a whole new level of freedom . '