it may come as a surprise to some - particularly arsene wenger and pep guardiola - but jose mourinho has revealed how sir alex ferguson inspired him to try to be a gracious manager . the chelsea boss said in a wide-ranging interview with the telegraph that the legendary manchester united manager showed him ' two faces ' during their first competitive meeting in 2004 - the first one of a steely rival and the second one of a sporting loser . mourinho had just made his first impression on the champions league by knocking out united with unfancied porto . the portuguese sprinted down the touchline at old trafford in an unforgettable celebration of porto 's last-gasp goal that sealed qualification and a seismic shock . sir alex ferguson and jose mourinho formed a firm friendship despite being fierce rivals . fergie 's manchester united were stunned by mourinho 's porto in the champions league in 2004 . mourinho sprinted down the touchline in celebration at porto 's last-gasp goal that sealed qualification . ' that was when i felt the two faces of such a big man , ' said mourinho . ' the first face was the competitor , the man that tried everything to win . and after that i found the man with principles , with the respect for the opponent , with the fair play – i found these two faces in that period , and that was very important for me . ' in my culture , the portuguese and the latin culture , we don’t have that culture of the second face ; we are in football to win and when we don’t there is not a second face most of the time . but when we beat united in the champions league i got that beautiful face of a manager which i try to have myself . i try . ' mourinho has attracted controversy like no other manager in the modern game . his many spats with wenger have seen him form a bitter rivalry with the arsenal boss , with mourinho 's accusation in 2005 that the frenchman is like ' a voyeur ' perhaps being the moment their relationship hit an all-time low , from which it has never recovered . mourinho claims to have learned respect from ferguson , but he has had many spats with arsene wenger . he also had a frosty relationship with pep guardiola when the pair were rival managers in spain . the 52-year-old , who looks set to claim his third barclays premier league title with chelsea this season , also formed a spiteful relationship with guardiola while the pair duelled for honours in spain . arguably mourinho 's lowest moment came in gouging the eye of guardiola 's assistant , tito vilanova , in the closing stages of a spanish super cup defeat for real madrid against barcelona . after the match he referred to ' pito ' vilanova - using the spanish slang for penis . a less surprising mourinho revelation is that he has no close friends in english football . ' some , we like each other and have some communication , but i can not say so close , ' he said . 