retiring ap mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown on saturday if he can secure mounts . there had been speculation that the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey would end his career after riding in the ap mccoy celebration chase , in which he definitely partners mr mole , or the feature bet365 gold cup . but there is now a good chance his final mount as a professional jockey will come in the handicap hurdle run at 5.35 . ap mccoy has confirmed he will ride to the final race at sandown on saturday if he can secure mounts . mccoy 's boss , jp mcmanus , has jonjo o'neill-trained box office in the race while o'neill also has entered champagne present . both would be appropriately named last ever rides for the peerless champion . mccoy told racemail : ' i will not stop . i will ride anything jp runs and , after that , any rides offered . but it wo n't be until friday morning until everything is sorted out . ' john ferguson-trained aqalim , a winner at cheltenham last week , looks another prospective mount for mccoy in the listed select hurdle . with top weight on his own now bound for next week 's punchestown festival and paul nicholls-trained rocky creek , the next highest rated , still not certain to run , there remains a chance the weight of o'neill-trained lost legend will rise sufficiently for mccoy to ride him in the bet365 gold cup . mccoy receives a kiss from wife chanelle mccoy after winning the ryanair chase on uxizandre , alternatives are nicky henderson 's 2013 cheltenham gold cup winner bobs worth , confirmed an intended starter along with stablemate and celebration chase entry springter sacre , yesterday . but their regular rider , broken leg victim barry geraghty , still retains hope he may return in time . sam twiston-davies has been confirmed as riding nicholls-trained unioniste in the bet365 gold cup . a sell-out crowd is expected on saturday with 18,000 at sandown . only 500 tickets remain for sale . the soon-to-be-crowned 20-time champion jockey is set to retire at sandown racecourse on saturday . sandown are also putting on a free train to esher for those showing their admittance ticket . it leaves waterloo at 11.02 . meanwhile , passionate arsenal fan mccoy has revealed family commitments will keep him away from the top of the table clash between his team and chelsea on sunday . but he added : ' i have a kind invitation from the chairman to attend any home game before the end of the season . ' mccoy pushes parlour games into second during his final trip to aintree racecourse as a jockey .