a high school student who allegedly forced a special-needs classmate to drink urine was also involved in the bullying of a bus monitor three years ago . in a 2012 video that was viewed millions of times online , grandmother karen huff klein , 71 , tried to ignore the boys calling her fat , ugly and poor but was seen wiping away her tears . now one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused , along with two others , of forcing a special-needs student to drink urine from a toilet while holding his crotch at greece athena high school in upstate new york . the bullying was videotaped and posted on snapchat , whec reported . scroll down for video . tormented : bus monitor karen huff klein , 71 , was tormented by middle school students in greece , new york in a difficult-to-watch 10-minute video in 2012 . she can be seen wiping away her tears in the footage . now , one of the students involved in this verbal attack has been accused of bullying a student with special needs . mrs klein , 71 , ( pictured this week ) said that the middle-schoolers who verbally attacker her ' did n't learn any lessons ' on hearing news of one of the student 's alleged bullying this week . when she was informed of the bullying incident , mrs klein told whec this week : ' they didn’t learn any lessons from the other ordeal . i don’t think they ever will . ' she also said of the alleged attack : ' why did you [ alleged bullies ] do that , what possessed you to be so mean ? ' and now with this , it is really obscene what they did , and it 's like it 's progressing rather that regressing . ' greece athena high school was reportedly investigating the bullying internally after the snapchat video was reported by other students . whec reported that the alleged attack could be a matter for family court but because the students were minors it would not reach criminal court . daily mail online was awaiting comment on friday from school officials . the students involved in the bullying have not been identified for privacy reasons . one student involved in the recent bullying had three years ago verbally attacked mrs klein when he was a 7th-grader . the sickening video , which was uploaded to youtube by a concerned third party , saw an outpouring of support for the elderly woman and she received donations of around $ 700,000 . at one point , mrs klein turns to the teens and says with arms folded : ‘ unless you have something nice to say , don’t say anything at all . ' one of the kids responded : ‘ shut the f*** up , ’ and then asked why there is water on her face . ‘ are you sweating ? ’ the student asked . ‘ no , i’m crying , ’ mrs klein said . the video showed the teenagers getting more and more crude . at one point , a student said : ‘you’re so ugly , your kids should kill themselves . ’ greece athena high school in upstate new york ( pictured ) is reportedly investigating a sickening bullying incident involving a special needs student . one of mrs klein 's sons had committed suicide around a decade before , msnbc.com reported . at the six-and-a-half minute mark , a student said : ‘ if i stabbed you in the stomach , my knife would f***** go through like butter , because it’s all f***** lard . ’ after the bullying was made public , the students responsible apologized to mrs klein . she responded : ' i want ( the kids ) to make sure they never do this again to anybody . i would like them to be kept off the bus for a year , and be forbidden to play any sports , at least for a year . ' she added : ' they each try outdo the other . i don’t think they ever picked on the other kids… just me . '  