a young irish rugby star escaped serious injury when his home was targeted by a gunman who fired multiple bullets through his windows . adam mcburney , who has been capped for the ireland under-20s and recently played in their six nations campaign , was not at his home in cromkill in county antrim , northern ireland when it was targeted on easter sunday . shocked neighbours said he could have been killed if he was in the property , after bullets tore through the windows and ended up embedded in the kitchen and bathroom walls . adam mcburney , who has been capped for the ireland under-20s ( left ) , was not at home when a gunman fired multiple bullets through the windows of his property in county antrim , northern ireland ( right ) on sunday . mr mcburney , who lives at the home with his brother shane , 20 , and is deemed a bright prospect for irish rugby , is said to have returned to the house following the attack but is yet to speak about the incident . photographs from the scene today show at least 12 bullet holes still visible in a living room window of the property , which is situated on a small housing estate alongside just seven other homes . police service of northern ireland said a number of shots were fired at the windows of the unoccupied house at 2.20am on sunday . detectives are now appealing for witnesses and said the incident had ' criminal elements ' . officers also said a red honda accord car , which is believed to have been involved in the incident , was found burnt-out in a nearby road shortly after the attack . chief inspector natalie wilson said : ' this type of attack is totally unacceptable and there is no place for this type of activity in a civilised society . i know that the vast majority of people in ballymena do not support those responsible . ' i want to reassure the ballymena community that we are determined to tackle these criminal elements and as such we are committing additional resources over the next few nights . ' we will not accept this type of behaviour and i would ask for community support and information as we work to identify those responsible . ' police are appealing for witnesses to the incident which occurred when the house was unoccupied in the early hours of easter sunday . investigators ' markings showed at least 12 bullets hit one window of the house . mr mcburney , who lives at the home on a quiet residental street in county antrim with his brother shane , 20 , is deemed a bright prospect for irish rugby and played in ireland u20 's game vs france u20 's ( pictured above ) . one neighbour , who wished to remain anonymous , described the incident as ' very worrying ' . he told belfast live : ' it is fortunate the boys were not at home when these shots were fired into the living room because with that amount of shots flying about we very well could be talking about the death of one or two brothers , one of whom is one of the best young rugby stars in ireland . ' adam mcburney is deemed one of the best young rugby stars in ireland and there are hopes he will play internationally . the young player grew up playing for his local club ballymena , and has also been associated with randalstown rfc . he has since gone on to represent ulster and ireland and has been capped for the ireland under-20s – playing recently against italy and france in their six nations campaign . he is also actively involved with the belfast met rugby academy- which blends intense professional rugby training with academic courses . alongside rugby , mcburney works at tullyglass house hotel - an imposing country residence set in its own grounds on the outskirts of ballymena . another neighbour , marie mckeown , 77 , added : ' i heard the bangs and at first i did n't realise what it was . it woke me up . ' this is a very quiet area . i would be a light sleeper and i heard bang , bang , bang . i was shocked when i heard this happening . i hope it quietens down . ' following the attack , police cordoned off part of the housing estate and increased patrols in the area . it is believed , from the bullet casings found at the scene , that a nine-mm type weapon was fired with twelve rounds hitting the living room window and its frame . a further two strike marks were visible on the wall above the window . bullets lodged in the kitchen and in the bathroom walls suggest that anyone who might have been in either room at the time of the shooting would most likely have been killed or suffered serious injury . mr mcburney , who played for his local rugby club ballymena before going on to represent ulster and ireland , inherited the property with his brother when their mother heather died in december 2013 . anyone with information about the incident should contact police on 101 or crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .