queen letizia comforted the grieving families of some of the victims of the germanwings plane crash at a poignant memorial service in barcelona today . letizia , along with her husband king felipe met with the relatives of some of the spaniards who died in the crash in the french alps last month . the flight , which was en-route from barcelona to dusseldorf , had 144 passengers and six crew members on board , including 50 spaniards . scroll down for video . spain 's queen letizia comforts one of the relatives of one of the victims of the germanwings plane crash , which saw 150 people killed . queen letizia met with the families during a memorial service in barcelona today to remember the 50 spanish victims who died . queen letizia was joined by her husband king felipe , who also embraced families , as they remembered those who lost their lives in the crash . the spanish queen shakes hands with some of the students who had hosted german teenagers who died in the crash in the french alps , while travelling back to dusseldorf . today at barcelona 's landmark sagrada familia basilica , letizia shook hands and even embraced the families of some of those who died . she also met with students who had hosted 16 pupils from germany , who had been visiting spain and were travelling back to dusseldorf on board the ill-fated flight . dressed in black and looking sombre , letizia and king felipe also prayed for the victims during the service , which began with a recitation of ' let the earth praise the lord ' in several languages . the memorial service , which took the form of a catholic mass , was led by lluís martínez sistach , the current archbishop of catalonia . both queen letizia and king felipe looked sombre as they entered barcelona 's landmark sagrada familia basilica and greeted the archbishop of barcelona lluis martinez sistach , right . also joining the royal couple were the catalonia regional president artur mas and his wife elena and spanish prime minister mariano rajoy . however , at the request of some of the families , other christian , jewish and muslim religious leaders were present for the service in the enormous church designed by antoni gaudi . also joining them was the spanish prime minister mariano rajoy , while 1,000 people gathered outside the world heritage site to listen to the memorial service . germanwings flight 9525 crashed into the french alps on march 26 , when co-pilot andreas lubitz locked the captain out of the aircraft 's cockpit . he then put the flight on a descent path , that sent it smashing into a mountain . the memorial service took the form of a catholic mass inside the enormous church in the spanish city designed by antoni gaudi . as well as the cathedral being full inside , more than 1,000 people gathered outside the landmark basilica to listen to the service . the spanish king and queen lower their heads to pray and reflect for the victims of the germanwings crash at a memorial service today . aviation industry doctors have since demanded that german pilots undergo more extensive medical checks , while several airlines worldwide have changed rules to require two crew in cockpits at all times . lufthansa - the parent company of germanwings - cancelled its 60th anniversary celebrations set for this month . a similar memorial for victims of the crash was held in cologne earlier this month , which was attended by the victims ' families and german chancellor angela merkel . 