christy turlington burns may be about to run her fourth marathon in as many years , but the former supermodel insists that childbirth was by far her toughest challenge yet . the former supermodel , who 's gearing up for the london marathon on 26 april , told red magazine that giving birth has been her toughest physical challenge . and christy , who suffered a potentially life-threatening complication shortly after the delivery of her daughter grace , now 11 , said today she 's feeling ' stronger and healthier ' than ever . scroll down for video . fitness fanatic : christy turlington , pictured last month training for the upcoming london marathon , says that after experiencing a tricky childbirth , ' anything ' seemed possible , including three marathons to date . christy - who is mother to daughter grace and son finn , eight , with her husband of 11 years edward burns , 47 - had just given birth to grace in 2003 when she was struck with a post-partum haemorrhage , causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall . she suffered massive blood loss and was forced to undergo a painful procedure whereby the doctors manually tore her placenta free without pain relief - an experience that could easily have killed her had she not been in such good hands . ‘ i actually feel stronger and healthier than ever , ' she says . ' giving birth was probably the most empowering thing i’ve ever done physically . i was like , now i can do anything . i can run a marathon… i can run three marathons ! ’ her experience inspired her to launch every mother counts in 2010 . ' i guess my own experience of childbirth was the epiphany , ’ she says of her decision to launch every mother counts in 2010 , an organisation dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world . getting better with age : the 46-year-old mother-of-two , pictured in 2013 with her kids finn , eight , and grace , 11 , insists she 's feeling ' stronger and healthier ' than ever . good cause : christy , pictured training her first marathon in 2011 , launched every mother counts in 2010 , an organization dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safe for mothers around the world . dedicated : according to the brunette stunner , 98 per cent of pregnancy-related deaths in the developing world are preventable - a statistic she 's determined to change . she said : ‘ what i realised was actually how lucky i had been that so many women don’t even get to choose when they become pregnant . ' ' they don’t get to choose whether they will be medicated , or have a natural birth . this is just how it is , and it’s not an ideal way to bring life into the world , i don’t think . ’ according to the brunette stunner , 98 per cent of pregnancy-related deaths in the developing world are preventable . but , as she points out , the u.s. is one of the eight countries worldwide where maternal deaths are on the rise . christy , who became famous alongside cindy crawford , naomi campbell and linda evangelista in the era of the supermodels , now runs marathons in aid of every mother counts . she said she is determined to strengthen the ' sisterhood ' between mothers around the world , wherever the happen to be . last month , the former face of calvin klein was unveiled as the celebrity face of apple watch . she appeared in a promotional video to promote the gadget 's fitness software , in which she is shown training for a half marathon in africa , in order to highlight apple 's partnership with every mother counts . trauma : christy , pictured with her husband edward burns , 47 , had just given birth to grace in 2010 when she was struck with a postpartum haemorrhage , causing her placenta to become embedded in her uterus wall .  