a muslim cleric has issued a fatwa ordering a woman to agree to sex with her husband even if they are on the back of a camel , as he denounces the idea of marital rape as ' made up by european people ' . perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria claims that , according to the prophet mohammed , a wife can only refuse her husband sex if she is menstruating , sick or just given birth . her right to say no , he asserted , was lost the moment her father handed her to her new husband . outrageous : perak mufti tan sri harussani zakaria said women should never say no to their husbands - and claimed marital rape was ' made up ' by europeans , so there was no need for muslims to take any notice . zakaria told malay mail online : ' even the prophet says even when they 're riding on the back of the camel , when the husband asks her , she must give . ' so there 's no such thing as rape in marriage . this is made by european people , why should we follow ? ' unsurprisingly , his religious edict and outrageous comments have horrified many in his home country of malaysia and beyond . writing in malaysiakini.com , joshua teh , an advocacy officer at the women’s centre for change in penang , said : ' have we not provided excuses for rapists long enough ? ' we need to recognise that women , both married and not married , have the right over their own bodies , and that includes the right to reject sex . ' to turn a blind eye to that right is to reduce the woman’s dignity as a person and to further normalise the prevalence of sexual crimes in our society . ' disgusted : his claim that women could n't even say no if they were on a camel has horrified many in the mainly muslim country , where an estimated 3,000 women a year are raped . however , another mufti has said sex between a married couple must take place in a ' harmonious situation so as not to hurt each other ' - which means rape is not possible . what 's more , dr mohd asri zainul abidin - known as ' dr maz ' - has said a man is not allowed to refuse sex with his wife , nor is he allowed to stop without ' getting consensus from his wife for fear that she did not have time to enjoy ' .