liam plunkett has set his sights on the west indies batting line-up and is ready to ' rough them up ' with pace . the 29-year-old england seamer is back in test contention in the caribbean after his comeback last summer was cut short by injury . he managed 18 wickets in four tests prior to that , playing a big part for an england side often criticised for going easy on the speed gun . liam plunkett wants to use his pace to lead england to victory in the test series against west indies . plunkett returned to the england fold last summer in test series against sri lanka and india . plunkett has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in yorkshire 's pre-season trip to abu dhabi . a minor ankle complaint during yorkshire 's pre-season trip to abu dhabi proved to be nothing more than a brief setback and he is now looking to make a name for himself in a part of the world that is famous for its quick men . ' i 'm trying to be the fastest ( bowler on the pitch ) . i train hard at it and i feel that 's why i stand out from the rest , ' he said ahead of monday 's two-day warm-up against a st kitts & nevis invitation xi . ' i feel like i 'm adaptable but you might need those little patches in the game - where it 's a bit dead and there 's good batters - to try and rough them up a bit . ' that 's why i 'm in the team , because i do bowl fast . ' i 'm not a bowler who runs up and just hits line and length all day , i want to do something , i want to ruffle batsmen up . if that 's what i 'm asked to do , i 'm happy to do that . ' with james anderson and stuart broad likely to retain new ball duties for the first test in antigua on april 13 , plunkett is fighting for a place with barbados-born chris jordan and the uncapped mark wood . there is a case to be made for both his rivals , jordan being more familiar with conditions in his homeland and wood an unknown quantity to the opposition , but plunkett relishes the scrap . ' it 's a good unit , a good bunch of lads and we 're all working hard . there 's massive competition , ' he said . ' it 's up to me to bowl well in practice and in the warm-up games and get the chance to play in the first test . ' you do n't want to just get in easily . you want to feel like you 've earned your place and outbowled the other guys . you want to be the best bowler . ' last summer i felt the best i had in my career , i felt good with the ball , i felt confident . plunkett is fighting for a start in the england test side with chris jordan and mark wood . plunkett ( second left ) could feature in a warm-up game for england that begins on monday . ' i felt i was in a situation where i could win games for england . it did n't quite happen but i bowled nicely . ' then i got the injury , went away this winter with the lions and i feel good again . i got some wickets and some good rhythm so it would be good to play that first test . ' england plan to play a standard xi man fixture on monday , with their selection likely to provide a clear insight into their preferred test side . 