we 've had an ale made from yeast grown in beard hair , a beer that features barley from the international space station , and a 67.5 per cent alcohol brew that comes with a warning tag . and while the craft beer revolution has seen connoisseurs knock back their interesting ales and small batch brews , news of the latest offering might put off even the biggest of fans . promising to make the hardiest of stomachs turn before even a sip is supped , this new craft beer will be brewed from human sewage . recycling gone too far ? us alcohol regulators have approved plans for beer brewed from human waste . production of the beer has been approved by alcohol regulators in oregon , us , and will be made from waste gathered by sewage treatment firm clean water services . the company will treat the effluent before handing it over to microbrewers who will turn it into a tasty tipple . according to a 50-page report which was handed to alcohol regulators , the sewage would pose ' very low human health risk ' and would be treated to ' very high standards ' . there will only be ten barrels of beer made and it wo n't be available in shops but there is talk of mass production if the drink proves popular . in the report , robert baumgartner , an assistant director at clean water services , told regulators it was designed to ' raise awareness of the reusable nature of all water ' . ' by highlighting craft beer , a product oregon is known for around the world , the project will seek to engage ... people everywhere in a conversation about water , ' he continued . the scheme , which is backed by the oregon brewers guld and oregen brew crew , is proving to be highly unpopular with state residents . according to the mirror , resident dorothy shoemaker said : ' the water meets drinking water requirements , but does it smell and taste good ? ' elizabeth graser-lindset added : ' there is plenty of clean water in oregon . ' let 's let the ground do the purifying as water sinks a hundred or more feet to the water table . ' do n't use recycled water in alcoholic beverages . ' 1 . snake venom beer brewed by brewmeister 's brewery armageddon which contains 67.5 per cent alcohol . the beer comes with a warning tag telling you not to drink too much and costs $ 80 ( £54 ) a bottle . 2 . brewdog 's end of history - a special limited edition belgian blonde ale - is a 50 per cent abv which sold for $ 765 ( £510 ) a bottle . there were only 12 bottles made , and each was encased in a taxidermied body of a weasel or squirrel . 3 . sapporo space barley made with barley that was on the international space station and sold for $ 100 ( £68 ) for a six pack . 4 . starting them young , hello kitty beers - which were aimed at the younger market - have half the alcohol of a budweiser and come in fruity flavours such as passion fruit , banana and peace . 5 . rogue ale 's the beard beer is made from yeast grown in the beard of the company 's master brewer , john maier .