philipp lahm has given former bayern munich team-mate owen hargreaves an insight into the meticulous approach of manager pep guardiola ahead of the club 's champions league quarter-final tie against porto . the world cup winner was speaking to the bt sport pundit as part of a special documentary ' inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves ' which airs saturday at 10pm on bt sport 1 . ' his tactical understanding is incredible , ' lahm explained . ' he always gives our team solutions to playing the opposition . video - scroll down to see a preview from ' inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves ' . bayern munich man philipp lahm ( left ) talks to former team-mate owen hargreaves about his career so far . lahm ( right ) and hargreaves played together at bayern when hargreaves was at the club from 2000-2007 . the former bayern midfielder speaks with karl-heinz rummenigge , the bayern chairman . lahm lifts the world cup with germany ( left ) and praised his bayern manager pep guardiola ( right ) . ' he prepares for every opposition completely differently . how flexible our team has become , with a back 3 , back 4 or back 5 . ' lahm dissected the differences in approach between guardiola and his predecessor , jupp heynckes , who masterminded a bayern treble in 2013 before retiring from coaching . ' with heynckes in 2013 , in the big games we played quite defensive on the counter attack . everybody worked together as a group , we invested a lot of energy in the games , ' lahm said . ' now under pep it 's more tactical and we have more possession but not like previously when we had a lot of possession but we did n't have any clear scoring opportunities . ' the goal is to go forward and create scoring opportunities . to press very high . to win the ball back very quickly . but to do that you need a clear plan and the daily work on the pitch . ' at the age of 31 , lahm is one of the most decorated and accomplished players in modern football . he already has six bundesliga winners medals , with a seventh seeming certain to follow with munich ten points ahead of wolfsburg with six games remaining . aside from a two-year loan spell at stuttgart , lahm has spent his entire career at bayern but confessed to hargreaves that he did not ever anticipate the success he has had . jupp heynckes led bayern to a treble in 2013 before retiring from coaching , and was succeeded by guardiola . lahm celebrates winning the bundesliga ( left ) and the champions league in 2013 . ' i came at 12 in 1995 and everything 's a dream , ' lahm said . ' it 's a dream to become german champion , to become a german national player but that it all happened , german champion , champions league winner , captain of the club , to play for the national team , it 's not something that you can plan . ' maybe eventually it becomes a goal but at the beginning , that 's what it is , just a dream . ' for me this is my home . i 'm born in munich , i grew up here , i 've been at bayern munich since i was 12 years old besides the two years in stuttgart . ' i might have won the champions ' league earlier with another club but the value of winning the champions league with my club is much more valuable . ' lahm has demonstrated a versatility both for germany and bayern that points to a heightened understanding of the game . he has played at right-back , left-back and as a defensive midfielder with club and country , leading to many earmarking him as a future bayern manager . the idea is not one lahm , who is contracted at the club until 2018 , rejects but he is still focused on attaining more titles with as a player , starting wednesday at porto . lahm ( left ) has played at munich his whole career but had a two-year loan spell at stuttgart . lahm ( right ) is currently gearing up to take on porto in the champions league quarter-final on wednesday . lahm ( right ) also spoke to hargreaves about his career where he has won many trophies and become captain . ' it 's nice that people talk about me in other positions at the club , ' lahm admitted . ' i 've got another three years at the club , let 's wait and see what happens then . ' of course i can imagine myself staying here after i 've finished playing , that goes without question . ' the former bayern midfielder hargreaves talks to insiders at the german club in the programme , including karl-heinz rummenigge , lahm and xabi alonso and looks back at his own time there . watch ' inside bayern munich with owen hargreaves ' on bt sport 1 this saturday at 10pm . 