chaos broke out this afternoon at an airport in kathmandu as hundreds of indian nationals fought to return home to safety following the devastating earthquake in nepal . as rescue efforts continued throughout the nepalese capital , more than 1,000 passengers joined a haphazard 1km-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city . despite plummeting temperatures and rain , crowds had started to form outside tribhuwan international airport as darkness fell on saturday night . scroll down for video . indian nationals fight for positions in the queue outside tribhuwan international airport as they try to return home following the 7.8-magnitude earthquake in nepal . as rescue efforts continued throughout the nepalese capital , more than 1,000 passengers formed a one kilometre-long queue outside the nearby airport in a desperate attempt to flee the stricken city . despite the plummeting temperatures and rain , crowds had started to form outside the building late last night . even more passengers flocked to the airport this morning , including families huddled together beneath blankets . many visitors had already booked return journeys but had crowded outside the airport in the hope of boarding the next available flight back to india . others had been left stranded after some flights out of the capital city were cancelled . as the departure lounges grew busier , security guards were unable to control the sheer number of passengers vying for a coveted place in the queue . the airport 's parking lot was converted into a makeshift waiting area to accommodate travellers . mohammad pervez , one of the passengers outside the airport , told ndtv : ' there is no water here or food . i have been sitting with my wife and child since early morning . we just want to get back home to india now . ' lu hee , who was playing cards with friends in the waiting area , said : ' i had come only two days ago . but now , i want to head back to my home in tibet . a tourist sits with scores of other passengers who are trying to get a flight out of kathmandu in the aftermath of the quake . crowds formed in the departure lounges as passengers waited for information . many people had booked flights for later in the day but were hopeful on leaving the country on an earlier flight . but she added : ' i do n't mind waiting here . at least i am thankful for being alive . ' the earthquake , which struck on saturday , came at a busy time of year , with an estimated 300,000 foreign tourists in the country . the economy of nepal , a nation of 27.8 million people , relies heavily on tourism , principally trekking and himalayan mountain climbing . the death toll has already hit 2,500 people , with the historic city kathmandu - and all its famous sites - now reduced to rubble . the tribhuvan international airport in kathmandu had been briefly shut down yesterday due to a powerful aftershock from the 7.9 magnitude quake . according to reports , the impact was so great that planes had to turn around mid-flight . the airport in kathmandu was briefly shut down due to a powerful aftershock from the 7.9 magnitude quake . today , indian soldiers arrived with supplies to tribhuwan international airport following the quake . india 's budget spicejet said it was forced to recall its plane to new delhi after the air traffic control centre at kathmandu 's airport was evacuated . meanwhile , two air india flights - carrying 135 and 45 passengers - were also turned back after the evacuation on the ground , according to the press trust of india news agency . the indian air force evacuated several hundred stranded tourists but commercial flights were resumed just one hour later . the temporary shutdown highlights the difficulty facing nepal 's authorities , who are struggling to rescue and treat thousands of people in the capital . as well as killing more than 2,000 people nationwide , the quake toppled whole buildings and ripped apart roads and other infrastructure , cutting off electricity and communication networks .