don mclean ( pictured ) is responsible american pie , the lyrics of which have been puzzled over for decades . there has never been a popular song quite like it . for more than 40 years , its lyrics have been an enigma wrapped in an eight-and-a-half minute long rock ' n ' roll puzzle . argued over by generations of geeky fans , deciphered and re-deciphered by code-breaking rock nerds and considered to be poetic reflections on mid-20th century u.s. social history by even groovier academics , it 's called american pie . and this week its lyrics , hand-written in 1971 by a young folk singer called don mclean , were sold at auction in new york for more than $ 1 million . that 's a lot of money for 18 sheets of paper , albeit with a lost seventh verse . but , to be honest , i rather think that whoever bought them got a bargain . because , in this age , when song lyrics have all but become meaningless , american pie illustrates , in a series of images , metaphors and allusions , just what can be done within the frame of a melodically straightforward pop song . it 's also a paean to education . mclean loves words , he says , ' almost as much as life ' . that may be a slight overstatement , but it shows . of course , like all poets , mclean did n't give us a key to the riddle of what his song was about when he released his multi-million-selling single . that would have spoiled it . ' it means i 'll never have to work again , ' he would joke about how much money the song had made him , leaving us to work out for ourselves what the ' sad news on the doorstep ' was exactly , and why he ' could n't take one more step ' when he read it . that was the easy part , of course , for anyone of my and his generation who learned about the death in a plane crash in 1959 of one of the first great singer-songwriters of rock , buddy holly , when we read about it in the morning newspaper . as mclean sings , it was truly ' the day the music died ' . i was on a ribble bus going to school in lancashire , peering over the shoulder of the man in front of me when i saw the headline . mclean , according to his song , anyway , was 14 and delivering papers in the rather smart new york suburb of new rochelle where he grew up . it was a strange , wistful opening for a pop song , but then , as the beat kicked in , the lyrics began to portray the innocence of god-fearing , teenage high school in fifties america . listing pop song titles like the book of love and a white sports coat and a pink carnation , and dances in the gym where the worst that could happen would be that the girl you fancied was dancing with some other guy , it painted a picture of what by 1971 was already a bygone time . then , in between every verse , would come that cryptic chorus about driving his ' chevy to the levee but the levee was dry ' . for years , i thought that was something to do with the raised earthworks — levees — that run along the banks of the mississippi in new orleans , until i discovered that a ' levee ' can also mean a party . so the parties that kids would attend in the non-threatening fifties would always have been dry — that is , without alcohol . yes , same in britain . on the surface , it might seem that american pie — especially the first half , which was the section mainly played on the radio because the record was far too long to be played in full — was just a misty-eyed lament for an untroubled mom and apple pie american youth . but , suddenly , the mood changed as mclean — jaundiced almost , and certainly disappointed — looked around late-sixties america and saw how the ' jester in a coat he borrowed from james dean ' ( thought to mean bob dylan in his leather jacket ) stole the king 's ' thorny crown ' . or , as you and i might say , knocked elvis presley off his top-notch perch . almost everything is seen through youth icons . in the line ' while lenin read a book on marx ' , was he teasingly criticising john lennon for appearing to be espousing marxist revolutionary theory in his solo songs ? i think he might have been . and was ' helter skelter in a summer swelter ' a reference to the murders of actress sharon tate and friends by the ' charles manson family ' in los angeles in the summer of 1969 ? it has to be . in an absurd defence , murderer manson maintained that he had interpreted the beatles innocuous lyrics in their song helter skelter as instructions to go out and kill . manson is still in jail . even after all these years , much of american pie is still opaque . was the reference to the byrds ' record eight miles high a comment on the carpet-bombing by u.s. jets in vietnam ? only mclean knows — and he is n't saying . when asked to give a few hints as to the meaning of the lyrics for this week 's auction catalogue , he simply said that ' the song was not a parlour game ' , but ' an indescribable photograph of america that i tried to capture in words and music ' . and metaphor , he might have added , as , in my interpretation of the lyrics , a game of american football becomes a student demonstration , probably at kent state university , over america 's military extension of the vietnam war to cambodia , to the music of the beatles ' sergeant pepper 's lonely hearts club band album . to this day , songwriter don mclean has refused to divulge what the lyrics of american pie refer to . ' the half-time air was sweet-perfume ' , which probably means that everybody was smoking pot , and wanting to have a nice , quiet time , when the demo was broken up violently by the ohio national guard , who shot four students dead . then there 's the question of mick jagger . is he ' jack be nimble , jack be quick , jack flash sat on a candlestick ' ? maybe . but there is confusion because it is n't the beatles ' famous last u.s. show at candlestick park , san francisco , that mclean is singing about , but the rolling stones ' performance at nearby altamont in 1969 . at that concert , the stones performed sympathy for the devil and then watched helplessly as , before them in the crowd , hell 's angels beat a man to death . ' and as i watched him on the stage , my hands were clenched in fists of rage , ' go the lyrics of american pie . ' no angel born in hell , could break that satan 's spell . ' dancing to rock ' n ' roll was never meant to get like this , he seems to be saying . i 'm not sure that if i were mick jagger , i 'd want to hear that sung about myself . although mclean said before the auction of his song 's lyrics that the pages would ' divulge everything there is to divulge ' about this ' mystical trip into my past ' , they clearly do n't . but the material does cast some light on how the song changed before he recorded it . originally , he had intended a positive ending , suggesting an extra verse that the music he once loved would be reborn in happier times . but in the end he settled for the more worldly-wise : ' the three men i admire the most , the father , son and the holy ghost / they caught the last train for the coast / the day the music died . ' a bleak ending , yes , but apart from the reference to the holy trinity , is there also perhaps a nod here to john f. kennedy , robert kennedy and martin luther king , whose assassinations occurred in the sixties ? again , mclean is n't saying . what he does do , however , is give excellent advice to songwriters who are just starting out : ' immerse yourself in beautiful music and beautiful lyrics and think about every word you say in a song . ' were the lyrics ' the father , son and the holy ghost ' a nod to john f. kennedy ( left ) , robert kennedy and martin luther king ( right ) , whose assassinations occurred in the sixties ? it seems so obvious , does n't it ? but then you turn on the radio and realise that , with just a few exceptions , an appreciation of good music and lyrics has played little part in the education of so many of today 's songwriters . as mclean showed , the right word can mean so much . most people will probably think of 69-year-old don mclean as a one-hit wonder — now living in semi-retirement , and no doubt the lap of luxury , with his wife in maine . and he certainly was n't able to ever better american pie . but at around the same time , he also wrote two other pop classics . vincent , about vincent van gogh 's painting the starry night , as well as and i love you so . this week 's buyer of the lyrics of american pie unfortunately prefers to remain anonymous , and that suggests to me that 's he 's a billionaire who wants to frame them and stick them on his study wall . i 'd far rather they had been bought by an university so students of u.s. literature and social history could spend another 40-odd years poring over them , and discussing what can be done with a popular song , and how america was , as it says in the lyrics , a ' long , long time ago ' .