liverpool intend to speak to jon flanagan about a new contract at the end of the season with the defender 's deal set to expire this summer . the full back was a revelation at anfield last season as liverpool came tantalisingly close to winning their first title since 1990 . so good was flanagan 's form that he nearly forced himself into england 's world cup squad . he was named on roy hodgson 's standby list and was widely seen as the future for club and country at right back . jon flanagan will speak to liverpool about a new contract in the summer . liverpool manager brendan rodgers is keen to keep flanagan at liverpool . but the 22-year-old has become something of a forgotten man with a knee injury keeping him out of action all season as his contract has ticked down . the injury , sustained just before the start of the season , was not thought to be serious at the time but flanagan has not played a minute of first-team football in 11 months . he has been back in training now for a while now but is thought to be some way away from being ready for first-team action - though he did play 31 minutes of the recent steven gerrard v jamie carragher all-star game at anfield . flanagan suffered a knee injury and has become a forgotten man this season . flanagan impressed so much last season that he forced his way into the england squad . liverpool manager brendan rodgers is a big fan of the liverpudlian , who is a popular member of the squad and has been on the club 's books since the age of 11 . and with gerrard departing this summer liverpool would be loathed to let another local lad leave , especially with glen johnson 's expected departure leaving a gap to fill at full back . both parties are confident an agreement can be reached and that the player can get his career back on track after a year to forget . rodgers said recently : ' hopefully flano 's contract will be sorted out . he is working his way back to fitness and when that happens i am sure the contract will get sorted . he is a big part of the future here . ' 