disgraced dj dave lee travis ( pictured arriving at court in 2013 ) has claimed that his indecent assault trials ' financially ruined ' him , but he will still receive £4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court . disgraced dj dave lee travis has claimed that his indecent assault trials ' financially ruined ' him , but he will still receive £4,000 from the taxpayer to pay for his taxis to court . the 69-year-old was convicted of indecently assaulting a woman behind the scenes at the mrs merton show and was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment , suspended for two years . at a costs application hearing today , the former radio presenter was told he would be awarded travel and hotel fees for his time on trial . travis 's conviction came after lengthy legal proceedings which saw him cleared of 12 counts of indecent assault following a trial in february last year . after the jury was unable to decide on verdicts on an additional count of indecent assault and one count of sexual assault , the crown prosecution service announced that the dj , real name david griffin , would face a retrial . it also added one more count of indecent assault - the offence of which he was eventually convicted of in september . travis was cleared of the indecent assault on which he was retried , and after a second jury were unable to reach a verdict on the sexual assault charge , judge anthony leonard qc directed a not-guilty verdict . today travis was told he will be awarded more than £4,000 for taxi fares to and from court , as well as a further £630 for hotel stays while he was on trial . the costs will come out of the public purse . stephen vullo qc , representing the disgraced dj , made a defendant’s costs application at southwark crown court , saying the criminal proceedings against his client had left him ' financially ruined ' . ' in effect , it means that all of the allegations from trial one were found in his favour , ' mr vullo said . ' in reality , as difficult as it might be for the prosecution , they called a number of complainants in the first trial who we say were proven to be liars , and some of the evidence called in the first trial was extremely weak on paper . ' mr vullo said that since the second trial he had been acting pro bono on travis 's behalf . he added : ' he has no money left whatsoever . he is now below zero . he lives in a house owned by his wife ... he has been financially devastated by this . ' mr vullo applied to the court for travel and accommodation costs , saying that travis had racked up a bill of £4,456 in taxi fares to travel daily from his home in aylesbury , buckinghamshire , to court during the trials . he also claimed £630 in hotel accommodation , and £246 for travel to legal conferences , asking for a total of £5,332 towards travis 's costs . at a costs application hearing today , the former radio presenter ( pictured outside court ) , 69 , was awarded travel and hotel fees for when he was on trial . prosecutor joshua munro opposed the application , stating that the costs were not ' reasonable ' expenses for the taxpayer to fund . travel costs : £4,121.80 . the total equivalent of a return day train fare from aylesbury to marylebone ( £61.40 ) , plus £50 each day for taxis , on each of the 37 days he was in court . in reality travis took taxis instead of the train . hotel accommodation : £630 . costs he will not be awarded . extra travel costs : £334.20 . the judge did not award travis the full travel costs applied for . travel to legal conferences : £246 . magistrates ' court costs : £21,161.54 . judge leonard ruled that travis was only entitled to the costs of a daily return train ticket from aylesbury to marylebone - worth £61.40 - as well as £50 a day for reasonable taxi costs from the station . the judge allowed the hotel costs . judge leonard said : ' the trip from aylesbury by train costs £61.40 , day return , not allowing for the reduction with a monthly or weekly season ticket . ' referring to travis 's back problems , he added : ' his infirmity was such that the benefit from the train to get up from his seat rather than remain in it is something that could only have been achieved on a train , not a car . ' the judge added he did not have the power to award defence costs of £21,161.54 for magistrates ' court hearings . the defence estimate that travis travelled to court on 37 days , meaning he is entitled to a total £4,121.80 in fares . today travis ( pictured in a taxi outside court ) was awarded more than £4,000 for taxi fares to and from court , as well as a further £630 for hotel stays while he was on trial . before travis 's retrial began , mr vullo revealed that the dj was forced to sell his £1.1million home in buckinghamshire to pay for legal costs . at travis 's sentencing , the court heard that he had spent in the region of £350,000 defending both trials and had not worked since his arrest . in september last year , travis was sentenced to three months ' imprisonment , suspended for two years . his trial heard that the former top of the pops presenter got a ' weird sexual thrill ' when he indecently assaulted the woman , who is now a successful tv personality , in 1995 . he cornered her in the corridor of a bbc television studio where she was smoking , and commented on her ' poor little lungs ' before squeezing her breasts for 10 to 15 seconds . travis was first arrested in october 2012 under operation yewtree , scotland yard 's investigation into historic sexual abuse in the wake of allegations against the late dj jimmy savile .