north charleston police are facing growing accusations that killer cop michael slager would have got away with a cover up had a bystander video not emerged - as questions emerge over his colleagues ' conduct after the shooting . seven of slager 's fellow cops responded to his call forback-up after the shooting - as handcuffed walter scott lay dead or dying with five bullet wounds to the back . but the fact that his wounds were to the back do not feature in subsequent accounts of the shooting given to the media , or in the force 's incident report filed after the shooting . officers also told an internal report that they gave scott cpr , but the video only shows them checking his pulse and standing over his body . one officer is also present when slager picks up an object - allegedly his taser - and puts it near scott 's body . scroll down for video . questions : officer clarence haberdashem searches walter scott 's handcuffed body in the immediate aftermath of the shooting . he later told colleagues that he administered cpr . scott 's father said of the incident : ' it would have never come to light [ had video not emerged ] . they would have swept it under the rug , like they did with many others . ' slager 's former attorney had initially claimed that the officer fired on scott during a struggle for his taser and had felt threatened . ' when confronted , officer slager reached for his taser — as trained by the department — and then a struggle ensued , ' david aylor said . ' the driver tried to overpower officer slager in an effort to take his taser . [ he ] felt threatened and reached for his department-issued firearm and fired his weapon . ' on wednesday north charleston mayor keith sumney refused to answer a question on slager 's fellow officers ' culpability , saying it would be addressed in the south carolina law enforcement division [ sled ] investigation . there are also questions over discrepancies between responding officers ' version of events in an internal incident report and what the witness video shows . it is not known what accounts those officers gave to the subsequent sled investigation . the video of the shooting shows officer clarence haberdasham was the first to arrive on scene as scott lay handcuffed on the ground . as haberdasham arrives , slager runs back to position where he fired the fatal shots and appears to retrieve a dark object - claimed to be his taser - and places it next to scott 's body . haberdasham dons a pair of blue gloves , checks scott 's pulse , goes through his pockets and speaks on his radio and then walks away . radio records show that an officer reported that scott had gunshot wounds to the chest and right side and was ' unresponsive ' . he later added that the vicitm had wounds to the back . both slager and haberdasham stand over scott 's body , which remains handcuffed and face down . the same officer 's account of events as reported in the ncpd incident report obtained by buzzfeed is two sentences . the second reads : ' i attempted to render aid to the victim by applying pressure to the gunshot wounds and directing the best route for ems and fire to get to the victim faster . ' aftermath : officer slager is pictured standing over walter scott and feeling for a pulse after he put the man 's fallen body in handcuffs . according to police reports , officers performed cpr on the 50-year-old father - but the cop was not filmed giving any medical assistance .  police version . police officer michael slager said in a statement earlier this week that his encounter with walter scott began at around 9.30am on saturday . he said he pulled scott 's mercedes over as a routine traffic stop for a broken brake light . he said scott then ran away into a vacant grassy lot where , at some point during the chase , the victim confronts slager . the officer then tried to use his taser to subdue scott , but claims the suspect grabbed the stun gun during the struggle , according to the statement . according to police reports , slager fired the stun gun , but it did not stop scott . at that point , the officer fired at scott several times because he ' felt threatened , ' slager 's statement said . he added that his actions were in line with procedure . police then said slager reported on his radio moments after the struggle : ' shots fired and the subject is down . he took my taser . ' his department said the officers then performed cpr and delivered first aid to the victim . what the video shows . slager 's account has been called into question after the video appears to show him shooting scott in the back . the footage begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after slager fires his taser . wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from scott 's body . as scott turns to run , slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back . the video shows slager handcuffing scott 's lifeless body . footage then appears to show slager jogging back to the point where the taser fell to the ground , bringing it over to scott 's body around 30 feet away and dropping it next to him . it is only after two-and-a-half minutes that slager is seen placing his hand on scott 's neck in an apparent attempt to check his pulse . a black colleague then arrives and puts on blue medical gloves before handling the body , but is not seen performing first aid . they are joined by a third officer , who also does not appear to tend to the victim . the report is signed off by sergeant james gann . he states : ' i arrived on scene and observed that officer haberdasham was administering first aid to the driver . i exited my vehicle and assisted officer haberdasham with first aid and cpr to the driver . ' he says they continued to give cpr until ems arrived and scott was pronounced dead . there is no evidence in feidin santana 's video that scott received cpr . a second video of the scene shows two other police officers arriving at the scene and getting out a medical kit . but they do not give cpr . six other officers ' version of what happened after the shooting is recorded in the incident report . they were : r. terrell , j bariss , m cooper , r killin , b williams , and sgt webb . they all say that they heard slager 's call for help and arrived at the scene later . gann says the crime scene was handed over to sled , who then concluded their crime scene investigation that day . edward bryant iii , president of the north charleston naacp , also told the los angeles times that he suspects north charleston cops have covered up other shootings . he said ; ' this incident fits a pattern of abuse that has gone on for years . there is a code of conduct to cover their behinds . we call it code blue . ' marc moria , president of the president of the national urban league , told the washington post : ' but for this video , this would have been another coverup , another fabrication , another lie told by a police officer when the police officer was clearly in the wrong . ' the discrepancies were also discussed on msnbc 's morning joe this morning . host joe scarborough said : ' that cop is two feet away when he dropped the taser next to the dead body . i 'm sorry , what cop is okay with that ? ' mika brzezinski added : ' there should be more charges ' . after officer michael slager was charged with murder on tuesday and terminated from the north charleston police on wednesday , his department released his personnel file . some 100 pages including his job application , training records , firearm test scores and work appraisals were published online . among the details were that slager had graduated from lenape high school in medford , n.j , in 2001 and was a waiter at an italian restaurant before he joined the u.s. coast guard in 2003 . he spent six years with the coast guard working as a mechanic and engineer and then became involved in security on board vessels . he was hired by the north charleston police department in december 2009 and attended the south carolina criminal justice academy for a nine-week training course . major florence mccants told yahoo news that slager ' did n't create any issues nor was he an award winner in any of the categories ' . slager also took course in first-aid and use of a taser , according to his personnel records .