it 's a brave politician indeed who is willing to expose their own battle with their squeezed middle for the cameras . as the election gets underway the gloves have come off between the main parties , and for three frontbenchers the tops have come off as well . tory health minister dan poulter , lib dem minister tom brake and labour frontbencher gavin shuker imposed strict cuts on their calories and put themselves at the mercy of a personal trainer for men 's health magazine . scroll down for video . health minister dan poulter saw his weight fell from 105kg to 102.5kg , losing two inches off his 35in waist . his body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent . cooped up in the department of health , he admitted it is difficult to practice what he preaches on keeping healthy . skipping breakfast , grabbing lunch on the go and late nights in parliament 's bars and restaurants can take its toll on mps when they arrive in westminster . after five years of the coalition government , the three mps agreed to take part in the feature for the men 's health magazine , which is better known for its front covers of rippling muscles and toned six packs . each was given strict orders to eat more healthily , do more exercise and take better care of their bodies . there was the inevitable unflattering ' before ' photo shoot , followed by a full-length portrait to show off their new physique . mr poulter , a gp first elected in 2010 , could be expected to already know what it takes to stay healthy . but cooped up in the department of health , he admitted it is difficult to practice what he preaches . ' i have an erratic diary , working 15-hour days , so it does require real dedication to get gym sessions in ' , he said . his personal trainer stephen white put him on a regime of fat-burning intervals and muscle-building resistance training . he said : ' dan really struggled at first because of his back – we focused on loosening and developing it to pull his shoulders back and correct his terrible posture . ' in the end mr poulter 's weight fell from 105kg to 102.5kg , losing two inches off his 35in waist . his body fat fell from 24 per cent to 18 per cent , and he boasted of feeling ' fitter , stronger , more awake and motivated in my work ' . lib dem deputy commons leader tom brake was told to build his upper-body strength and after six weeks of training could swim the 750m of the sprint distance triathlon without reverting to breast stroke . as deputy leader of the commons , mr brake 's job involved a lot of sitting on the green leather benches listening to debates . the lib dem mp and keen marathon runner could have been forgiven for thinking he was fit . but after casting an eye over his ' before ' physique , personal trainer daniel marshall declared : ' tom neglected every muscle from the waist up . ' the 52-year-old was told to build his upper-body strength and after six weeks of training could swim the 750m of the sprint distance triathlon without reverting to breast stroke . he lost only a kilo of his 83.5kg starting weight , but his chest size grew from 38in to 48 in , while he lost an inch from his waist . mr brake said : ' i used to think going to the gym was a waste of time , and that you were much better off going for a run . not anymore . ' labour mp gavin shuker embarked on an intense weight loss regime , forced to shun carbs and alcohol when being wined and dined in westminster . labour mp gavin shuker was elected as mp for luton south in 2010 , after incumbent margaret moran was forced out over her expenses . a shadow international development minister , he says that he succumbed to the ' parliamentary stone ' - the extra 14 pounds new mps put on in their first year after arriving in westminster . in fact he went even further , and put on three stone within 12 months . men 's health rather unkindly remarked : ' the fact that the shadow minister hadn’t done any exercise since his school days compounded the problem – the only internationally perceptible development being around his waistline . ' the only internationally perceptible development being around his waistline . ' he embarked on an intense weight loss regime , forced to shun carbs and alcohol when being wined and dined in westminster . 'i’m sure at one point an mp’s life was all big boozy lunches and champagne dinner receptions , ' he said . ' the reality now is that if you eat lunch at all , it’ll be out of a box at your desk , like most people . ' surprisingly , he was told to eat more , not less , but make it healthy . the 33-year-old had got into the habit of not eating during the day and gorging at night . for the first time in decades he started eating porridge for breakfast . in the end he managed to lose more than 10kg , taking him down to 85kg . his waist slimmed down from 44in to 37in , while his biceps expanded from 32cm to 35cm . the magazine suggested the spectacle of three mps naked from the waist up could inspire its readers to get fit themselves . it said : ' if they can juggle work and fitness , you sure as hell can too . it may not be easy , but then in this age of austerity , the biggest cuts never are . ' 