neil redfearn is considering his position as manager of leeds united after the club suspended his assistant steve thompson on thursday . leeds took two months to appoint thompson but he was told in a letter from director of football nicola salerno yesterday morning that he was be suspended until the end of the season effectively ending his time at elland road after 105 days . thompson is understood to have been told that he will be suspended until his contract expires at the end of the season . he has also been informed that an option to renew his deal will not be taken up by the club . leeds united assistant manager steve thompson ( left ) has been suspended by the club . thompson 's suspension has left manager neil redfearn considering his future at elland road . a club statement read : ' the director of football nicola salerno , has today ( april 2 ) suspended the assistant coach steve thompson from his duties at the club . this is an internal matter and the club will make no further comment on this internal issue . ' redfearn , the club 's third coach of the season , took training before attending a delayed press conference and said : 'it’s become difficult for me . it’s not ideal timing . it’s not helped . i’ve got to have a good think about my future now . it undermines everything . we have put things together me and steve . before it was a no brainer for me to stay on , not so much now . ' i love this club , i was brought up on leeds united but this situation is a difficult one for me . ' thommo was informed this morning through a letter . he’s been suspended - for what , i don’t know . you’d have to find that out from the club . i don’t understand why he has been suspended . i’m bitterly disappointed . it’s a difficult one for me to take , i can’t think for one minute why someone who has been part of this success has been sacked . ' me and steve were the ideal partnership , he’s been great for me and i’m bitterly disappointed that he’s not here . ' redfearn’s contract is also up at the end of the season and club president massimo cellino is suspended until may 3 . sol bamba heads home in a recent win for the whites at fulham 's craven cottage . leeds sit 13th in the championship table but were unbeaten in march and take on blackburn rovers on saturday . it is also understood that redfearn is under pressure not to select top scorer mirco antenucci who will trigger a bonus clause in his contract should he score two more goals . thompson is taking advice from the lma while salerno 's own position is thought to be open to review at the end of the season .