richard hammond has ruled out returning to top gear , becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show as he vowed : ' i wo n't quit my mates ' . in yet another major blow to the bbc , the presenter took to twitter to reveal he would not be returning to the hugely-popular series . the announcement came as the show 's former executive producer andy wilman launched a scathing attack on ' meddling bbc executives ' in a top gear magazine editorial , published today . yesterday , mr wilman , who is a childhood friend of clarkson , sensationally quit the corporation - fuelling speculation that the team is gearing up to launch a similar show with a rival broadcaster . the men were also seen holding talks at clarkson 's west london home , in their first public appearance since the presenter was axed from the show over a ' fracas ' with a producer . later last night , clarkson was seen enjoying a drink with friends in a west london pub . scroll down for video . richard hammond ( pictured meeting his former co-stars yesterday ) has ruled out returning to top gear , becoming the final presenter to leave the motoring show . hammond took to twitter to announce that he would not ' quit my mates ' jeremy clarkson and james may . jeremy clarkson was seen out for a drink with friends last night , stopping at pub in west london after meeting with former top gear co-presenters richard hammond and james may , as well as producer andy wilman . clarkson ( seen enjoying a drink with a group yesterday evening ) and mr wilman were put under pressure to hire a female presenter in 2002 by the bbc , the producer said . mr wilman ( pictured with clarkson , hammond and may yesterday ) has launched a scathing attack on the ' meddling ' bbc just a day after he quit the show . following the spate of high-profile announcements , hammond today broke his silence , tweeting : ' to be clear amidst all this talk of us ' quitting ' or not : there 's nothing for me to ' quit ' . not about to quit my mates anyway . ' top gear magazine , which is owned by bbc worldwide , today published an editorial by mr wilman , in which the producer branded the decision to sack clarkson a ' tragedy ' . he said : ‘ [ the bbc ] hasn’t just lost a man who can hold viewers’ attention in front of a camera , it’s lost a journalist who could use the discipline of print training to focus on what mattered and what didn’t , it’s lost an editorial genius who could look at an existing structure and then smash it up and reshape it in a blaze of light bulb moments’ . he said chiefs at the corporation also originally vetoed hiring may , claiming the three were all ‘middle-class public-schoolish blokes of a similar age’ . the astonishing feature ends speculation as to the reasons behind mr wilman 's decision to quit the bbc - which was announced by corporation bosses yesterday evening . mr wilman also criticised attempts by the bbc to second-guess decisions about top gear 's return in 2002 despite not being interested in the show’s subject matter . he said : ‘ the bbc grown-ups were adamant a woman should be in the line-up . ' now , i 'm a big , big fan of the beeb , but , my god , do they stretch your patience when they start “ applying their marketing logic” , or to use another word , meddling . clarkson - who is a childhood friend of mr wilman - and his friends appeared to be reading something in the pub . night out : clarkson ( pictured at the pub last night ) was sacked from the bbc after his ' fracas ' with top gear producer oisin tymon . mr wilman , who is a childhood friend of clarkson ( pictured with hammond and may yesterday ) , also branded the bbc’s decision to sack the presenter a ‘tragedy’ . mr wilman said the bbc originally vetoed having clarkson , hammond ( pictured shaking hands yesterday ) and may as the top gear line-up . ‘ their theory behind a female presenter was that if you want women to watch something , you need women presenting it . ' the problem was that most of the grown-ups in the bbc management did n't care about the car world , and basically there 's this weird logic whereby the less their interest is in the subject , the greater their compulsion becomes to meddle . ’ mr wilman sensationally resigned from the bbc yesterday , following a meeting with the three former presenters at clarkson 's flat in west london . it means he is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel , in what would be a nightmare scenario for the corporation . clarkson , who presented the original top gear series up until 2001 , and mr wilman auditioned a series of women for the role but eventually refused to compromise on their vision of their programme . the producer said : ‘ [ we ] had already started to realise that bloke banter was going to become an important part of the show’ . they pitched the new-look programme to jane root , then head of bbc2 , as a ‘ journey into that massive black hole that is the male brain’ , complete with all-male presenting line up . root , who now runs an independent production company , said she had no problem with the lack of a woman , which mr wilman said displays ‘ a classic case of bbc management playing their favourite game of second guess the person in the bigger office . ’ even after winning this battle , the pair faced further problems trying to hire the team they wanted . the bbc said the clarkson , 55 , hammond , 45 , and may , 52 , were ‘ a bit cheese and cheese’ , meaning they were too similar in age and background . bosses blocked may’s appointment , instead opting for jason dawe , who mr wilman points out ‘ was fairly middle-class and of a similar age’ . he was replaced by may the following series . mr wilman , a childhood friend of clarkson ( pictured meeting yesterday ) , said the bbc pressured the pair to hire a female presenter . clarkson , hammond and may could reunite with wilman to start a new motoring show on a different channel . the producer ( left ) said there was also a dispute over whether the stig ( right ) should be named the gimp , but this was with with racing driver perry mccarthy . the original idea was to call him ‘ the gimp’ after the sex slave character in film pulp fiction but mr wilman revealed that mccarthy , who was the first person to take on the mantle of the stig , insisted on this being changed . yesterday , may ruled out returning to top gear without clarkson , insisting it would be ' lame ' with a new presenter in place of his sacked co-host . the 52-year-old said the bbc would be ‘stupid’ to try a version of the programme with ' a surrogate jeremy ' , hammond and himself - adding that the idea was a ‘non-starter’ . his comments mean that if the show does return next year , it will likely be with an entirely new presenting team . both may and hammond saw their contracts finish last month . may told the guardian : ‘ me and hammond with a surrogate jeremy is a non-starter , it just wouldn’t work . that would be lame , or “awks” as young people say . ‘ it has to be the three of us . you can’t just put a surrogate jeremy in and expect it to carry on . it would be forced . i don’t believe they would be stupid enough to try that . ‘ it doesn’t mean i won’t go back - we may all go back in the future . it might just be we have a break from it . i don’t know . it would be a bloody tough call to do top gear without jeremy . ’ former x factor host dermot o'leary , model jodie kidd and great british bake off host sue perkins have all been named as possible replacements for clarkson . speaking after the meeting yesterday , may said he had just been ' having a pint ' with his co-stars and mr wilman , adding that he still did n't know what he would do in the future . while the three presenters have all now left top gear , they will still reunite for their live stadium tour later this year - now called clarkson , hammond & may live . a bbc spokeswoman said : ' these comments from andy wilman were made in an article published last week before his resignation . furthermore , the comments refer to events more than a decade ago . ' dermot o'leary ( 6/4 ) bookmakers’ favourite o'leary , 41 , is currently being lined up to host a different prime-time bbc one motoring show - after ending his eight-year stint as host of itv 's the x factor last month . philip glenister ( 11/4 ) car enthusiast glenister , 52 , known for playing a politically-incorrect police detective in tv series life on mars , is presenting the second series of for the love of cars on channel 4 . jodie kidd ( 5/1 ) the 36-year-old model owns a number of cars , co-presents the classic car show on channel 5 and achieved one of the fastest lap times as a top gear ' star in a reasonably-priced car ' . guy martin ( 13/2 ) the 33-year-old motorcycle star made channel 4 programme speed , and said last month : ' i don’t want to try and be the man who replaced jeremy clarkson , but never say never . ' favourites : presenter dermot o'leary , actor philip glenister , model jodie kidd and motorcyclist guy martin . chris evans ( 8/1 ) bbc radio 2 host evans , 49 , another well-known car enthusiast , has been tipped as a favourite - but told listeners last month that claims he would replace clarkson were ' absolute nonsense ' . sue perkins ( 10/1 ) great british bake off host sue perkins , 45 , was named as the favourite a fortnight ago , but this prompted a barrage of abusive tweets from ‘ blokes wishing me dead’ , which saw her quit twitter . stephen fry ( 14/1 ) qi presenter stephen fry , 57 , has appeared on top gear twice - but has been repeatedly prosecuted for speeding and managed to crash and write off the reasonably-priced car . steve coogan ( 14/1 ) a tongue-in-cheek petition signed by more than 34,000 people is calling on the bbc to hire fictional broadcaster alan partridge - played by 49-year-old coogan - as the new presenter . fifth to eight : chris evans , sue perkins , stephen fry and steve coogan are also said to be in the running . odds supplied by bookmaker paddy power .