mark selby fell victim of the crucible curse and a rookie scot with pots of class as anthony mcgill pulled off a monumental betfred world championship shock . qualifier mcgill exuded calm assurance as he saw off the defending champion 13-9 to book a quarter-final place , never appearing overawed by the match or the gradual position of control he developed over the course of friday . this is mcgill 's first world championship and it had already been one to remember before he crossed cues with selby , having beaten his fellow glaswegian and sometime practice partner stephen maguire 10-9 in the opening round , finishing with a century . anthony mcgill celebrates beating mark selby during day seven of the betfred world championships . sinking selby made it even more special , and now the sky is the limit for the 24-year-old , who has been quietly earmarked for greatness by those who know him best . former crucible semi-finalist alan mcmanus , a close friend and a steady hand on mcgill 's shoulder , has tipped the former junior pot black runner-up to take the trophy in sheffield one day , and ronnie o'sullivan said there would be no worthier champion because of his dedication . in 2005 , shaun murphy came through qualifying and went on to lift the title . tantalisingly murphy could be next in line for mcgill , a slender , shy man with a short ginger crop and a contagious giggle he often breaks into around the table . selby , the jester from leicester , found little to laugh about during their contest . like murphy 10 years ago , mcgill was a 150/1 outsider with bookmakers before the tournament began . mcgill was the architect of selby 's demise , but the famous curse , which has at the very least become a factor lodged in the back of every first-time champion 's mind , will be cited too . selby ( left ) congratulates mcgill on his victory during day seven of the betfred world championships . no maiden winner of the world championship in sheffield has returned a year later to retain the trophy , with selby becoming the 16th man to falter , joining a list that includes greats of the game such as steve davis , stephen hendry and o'sullivan . a steady opening session on thursday had seen he and mcgill reach 4-4 , but the scot stretched 10-6 clear by lunch on friday after firing breaks of 56 , 125 and 54 , and there was no flinching from the outsider when play resumed in the evening . they shared the opening two frames , before 87 from mcgill took him 12-7 clear , inflicting a mortal blow to selby 's prospects . mcgill sets his sights on the white has he plays his way to victory against selby at the crucible . when selby edged the next he at least had the thinking time the subsequent interval allowed , knowing he needed a further five frames without reply to extend his defence . he re-emerged with a break of 101 to make it 12-9 and keep mcgill waiting . but not for long . after a safety battle , mcgill potted a terrific red to the middle pocket and was away on a victory charge , firing in a brilliant 82 before selby offered a warm handshake . mcgill said : ' i 'm just ecstatic . to beat the world champion at the crucible , i just ca n't believe it . 'no-one expected me to win . i was n't expecting myself to win , i was just hoping to put up a decent fight and try my best . selby 's facial expressions say iy all as he crashes out of the world championship at the crucible . ' i knew if i gave everything my mind would have been at ease whatever the result . ' to beat mark 13-9 is just a dream . i knew it was n't over even when it went 12-7 . he 's not world champion for nothing . ' time and time again mark selby comes back at people , and better players than me . ' it seems like every time i win a game it 's the biggest win of my career . fingers crossed it keeps happening . ' mcgill will be careful not to let his mind drift beyond a last-eight clash with murphy or joe perry , who begin their second-round clash on sunday . snooker player selby in action against anthony mcgill during day seven of the betfred world championships . ' i 've knocked out the world champion , so you think whoever knocks him out could ( win the title ) - but i do n't know , ' mcgill said . ' it 's going all right but i 'm not winning enough frames in one visit . there 's a few areas i need to brush up on before i start thinking about those things . ' i do n't think people will be fearing me . ' i 'm probably a good draw in the quarter-finals of the world championship to be honest . i 'll just go out and try my best . ' some players might let the attention get to their head but not me . ' mcgill takes a shot on his way to victory against selby at the crucible in sheffield .