the grandmother of a virginia teen missing since march 2 came out swinging sunday at authorities who she says have been ' doing nothing ' to bring the girl home . katherine hadsell says she 's eager for police in norfolk to give ' more insight into what they 're actually doing ' to find 18-year-old college student anjelica hadsell . the longwood university student was home for spring break when she vanished . police just this past week focused their search on a pond near carrsville after getting a new tip that her cell phone may be below its surface . scroll down for video . concerned ? katherine hadsell says police are n't doing enough to find 18-year-old aj , who 's been missing for a month . further , she says her son - aj 's stepfather wesley hadsell - was arrested unjustly as he took it upon himself to investigate the crime by breaking into a norfolk area home . police are searching a pond near carrsville , virginia , in an attempt to find the cell phone of anjelica ' aj ' hadsell , a longwood university freshman who was last seen on march 2 . meanwhile , the family says they 've been left in the dark about how , exactly , police were led to the pond in the first place . and hadsell 's stepfather has found himself the focus of area police after he was caught allegedly breaking into a home two weeks after anjelica 's disappearance , an act his mother katherine says was out of fatherly concern . katherine hadsell told abc news her son wesley had heard his stepdaughter could be inside the home . ' as any father would , if you hear that your daughter may or may not be in a house or being held or some of her belongings or at a location , any father is going to try and find out , ' katherine hadsell said . hadsell had not been named a suspect as he awaited a hearing on six charges including four charges of obstructing justice , one charge of possessing ammunition after a felony and one charge of breaking and entering . local resident steve hines over the weekend said that divers were searching the outer edges of the pond for the longwood university freshman 's phone , which sent strange text messages to her mother shortly after her disappearance . aj hadsell ( left ) was last seen driving near her parents ' home in norfolk and her stepfather wesley hadsell ( right ) was taken into custody late last month after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours . the teenager was last seen when she was home for spring break driving near her home in norfolk , roughly 40 miles from the pond searched friday , according to 13 news now . hines said that police showed him a picture and asked him if he had seen a white van for quality plumbing . he said that he had seen the vehicle , which belongs to a company where hadsell 's stepfather wesley works , driving along the rural road . he had been working in nearby franklin , virginia , around the time of the disappearance . the stepfather of the teenager , 36 , was taken into police custody late last month amid claims that he knows who has taken his daughter . he was arrested on march 21 after being interrogated by police for more than 15 hours . he said he broke into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter against her will . wesley hadsell , left , has admitted breaking into the home of the person that he believes took his daughter aj , right , against her will . the stepfather has a criminal record including dropped rape and kidnapping charges . residents of carrsville reported a white plumbing van for the company wesley hadsell works for driving suspiciously around the pond . ' i could n't sit a minute away from where my daughter may have been , ' he told wavy.com . wesley has admitted to spending roughly 18 minutes inside the home , where he says he searched for evidence by going through the trash and searching under the carpet . he said he even punched the family dog out of anger . while searching the property aj 's stepfather claims that he discovered her jacket . ' i found my daughter 's jacket in his couch rolled up behind the cushion , ' he said . ' i was just trying to make the evidence come to light . it 's not like i had the jacket , i did n't plant the jacket , i did n't know anything about that . it was the fact of the overwhelming information that led me there . ' officially police have said that they are not ruling out foul play and they have no suspects . during a search of wesley 's hotel room police found 72 rounds of nine-millimeter ammunition . he has aroused local suspicions on social media in part because he has a lengthy felony criminal record . in 2005 his ex-wife went missing for several days and he was reportedly arrested after allegedly kidnapping her and driving her across multiple states . charges of rape , kidnapping , assault and domestic violence were later dropped . police have not ruled out foul play in the disappearance of the longwood university freshman , which has lasted for more than a month . police spent over 12 hours combing a large , remote wooded area in coastal chesapeake following a tip that some of aj 's clothing had being found on the side of the road late last month . he also served 54 months in prison for a bank robbery in fredericksburg , virginia , according to wtkr . now he says that he is a changed man . wesley and his wife were estranged when he was arrested , but it is not clear what their relationship was at the time of the disappearance . jennifer busby , aj 's mother , said she received text messages from her daughter 's phone shortly after he disappearance but was not sure that the person sending them was actually the missing girl . wesley hadsell was denied bond and the judge said the he was trying to impede the investigation into his stepdaughter 's disappearance , according to the virginian-pilot . he admitted to increasing cocaine use , but said that he just wants to see his daughter home . a neighbor reported seeing aj driving ' with purpose ' and then saw a white four-door vehicle following about a minute behind her . they say hadsell was followed by a white four-door compact car less than one minute later , and that another neighbor spotted a similar white car in the family 's driveway around the same time . aj 's family and friends discovered items of her clothing two weeks ago near the side of the road in a remote wooded area in coastal chesapeake . four items were found that belonged to her . aj is described as standing at 5 feet 6 inches tall and weighing 120 pounds . 