polls yesterday suggested the election will be too close to call – with the tories narrowly ahead in two , while another showed labour edging in front . the news came as an american pollster – who predicted the results of the 2008 us presidential election almost exactly – concluded that both main parties will struggle to cobble together any kind of workable majority . the latest icm poll for the guardian had the tories ahead on 34 per cent – down five points from a week ago . labour were down one point on 32 per cent . nate silver , who correctly predicted the winner in 49 of 50 us states in 2008 , believes that neither labour or the tories will be unable to get enough support together for a majority government . meanwhile a new populus poll found labour unchanged on 34 per cent , while the tories were down one , on 32 per cent . in a third poll , lord ashcroft found a tory lead of four points – with the party on 34 per cent compared to labour 's 30 per cent . pollster nate silver , who correctly called the winner in 49 of 50 us states in 2008 , yesterday predicted a hung parliament after may 7 with the tories winning 283 seats and labour 274 . this means that both david cameron and ed miliband could find it almost impossible to secure enough support from other parties for a working majority – let alone rule on their own . paddy power said mr miliband is now more likely than mr cameron to be prime minister after the election . mr silver said labour , who have ruled out a formal coalition with the snp , would also be short of a majority even with the help of the scottish nationalists , whom he expects to gain 42 seats . mr silver said that even if the tories join forces with the lib dems – who he believes will win 27 seats – they would still be 13 short of the 323 mps needed for a majority . with ukip expected to have only one mp in the projection , nigel farage would not be able to offer much help – and even with the support of eight democratic unionist party mps from northern ireland , mr cameron could not achieve a majority . mr silver said labour , which has ruled out a formal coalition with the snp , would also be short of a majority even with the help of the scottish nationalists , who he predicted will gain 42 seats . that would give mr miliband 316 seats – seven short of a majority . he would then have to try to gain support from smaller parties such as plaid cymru , the greens and northern ireland 's sdlp – but as they are projected to win only six seats between them , labour would still be one short of the necessary 323 . 