a romantic boyfriend gave his partner the surprise of her life when he asked her to marry him by hiring a giant billboard at the side of a road she passes on her way to work . paul bakewell , 35 , from walsall , west mids , secretly designed a poster which he then had emblazoned on the 20ft-tall advertising hoarding and covered over . the dad-of-one arranged for his partner tara barber , 32 , to be driven past the billboard by her boss who pretended they were going to a business meeting on friday morning . scroll down for video . paul bakewell , 35 , proposed to partner tara barber , 32 , by asking her to marry him using a giant billboard on the a34 , in walsall , west mids . hairdresser tara ( pictured left ) , was shocked when her car pulled up to the billboard and her partner , gas fitter paul ( pictured right ) got down on one knee . ' tara , you 've changed my life . will you marry me ? ' : the billboard was 20ft-tall and 30ft-wide and also featured pictures of the couple . but the pretty hairdresser was left speechless when the car stopped at the 30ft-wide poster on the side of the a34 in walsall , west mids . the billboard featured pictures of the couple and the words : ' tara you 've changed my life . will you marry me ? ' romantic paul - who had arranged for friends and family to hide on the other side of the road - then went down on one knee and proposed to tara , who said yes . gas fitter paul , who lives with tara in walsall , said he did n't sleep for two days because of nerves from planning the big surprise . paul left the house at 4am on friday to help put the poster on the giant billboard - telling tara he had been called out to an emergency gas leak . surprise ! unsuspecting tara baker ( pictured right ) , was driven to the billboard by her boss ( pictured left ) , and was shocked by the scene in front of her . drive-through proposal ! a big crowd of family members and friends had gathered on a green opposite the billboard to watch the proposal , and cheered and tooted horns after paul got down on one knee . it 's a yes ! tara barber , 32 , admitted that it was a well-kept secret and that she had no idea . he added : ' it was definitely the scariest thing i have ever done in my life . i was putting myself out there in front of so many people but i was confident she would say yes . ' i have never been so nervous in my life planning this . it was completely nerve-wracking , i had n't slept for two days before friday . ' i had been to ask her dad first to do it the traditional way and her family said she would say yes . ' i 'm from just down the road and i know tara drives this way into work in walsall every day so i arranged for her boss to drive her there pretending they had a meeting . ' when she arrived she was so shocked and i think more nervous than me when she realised what was happening . ' she did n't have a clue . i thought it would be something special to make a grand gesture . ' the 20ft-tall 30ft-wide billboard featured images of the couple from their relationship . the billboard was positioned on the side of major road , the a34 in walsall , west mids , a route that tara regularly takes to work . ' i wanted to do something different . anyone can propose at a table at a restaurant or at home but i wanted it to be something she would remember . ' mother-of-one tara , who has a son carrick , six , from a previous relationship , added : ' i was totally clueless , it was the best kept secret . ' my boss pulled over and i thought there had been a car accident because there were so many people by the side of the road . ' then she started crying and i saw the billboard and my legs just went to jelly , i could n't feel them at all . ' i had no hesitation to saying yes . it was incredible , we 'll never forget this . ' it was the best day of my life and i am glad he did a grand gesture . ' the 35-year-old gas fitter from walsall had wanted to do something different to ask his partner to marry him . paul left the house at 4am on friday to help put the poster on the giant billboard - telling tara he had been called out to an emergency gas leak . when he originally planned the proposal , he was disappointed to find out that the advertising space had been bought up for several years by homeserve . but fortunately , the company agreed to let him use the advertising space . a big crowd of family members and friends who had gathered on a green opposite the billboard to watch the proposal cheered and tooted horns after paul got down on one knee and an emotional tara said yes . the advertising space had originally bought been by a company called homeserve but they agreed to let paul use the space . the happy family : newly-engaged couple , paul and tara , are pictured with their children from previous relationships , ellie ( paul 's daughter - pictured left ) and carrick , ( tara 's son - pictured middle ) . paul , who has a daughter ellie , 11 , from a previous relationship , added : ' i knew there was a billboard and i started looking into how i could pay to take out a poster two weeks ago . ' but when i inquired i found homeserve had bought the space so i approached them . ' they were completely brilliant and designed the poster and worked with me to arrange the day . '