raheem sterling has hinted that his long-term future remains at liverpool after revealing that he dreams of hearing anfield sing his name . sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week contract offer , although he insists it has nothing to do with money and he will reassess at the end of the season . the 20-year-old , who has been linked with a number of europe 's top clubs , has now revealed that he 'd love his very own chant from the liverpool faithful . raheem sterling ( left ) has revealed that he hopes liverpool fans create a chant for him . sterling is stalling on a new £100,000-a-week offer although he insists it has nothing to do with money . sterling told sunday times magazine : ' my ambition is to have my own song from the kop . last season i loved the song for luis suarez — [ steven ] gerrard and [ philippe ] coutinho have good ones too . ' of course , when the crowd’s with you , there’s nothing better . ' sterling will be hoping to help liverpool to a crucial premier league victory against newcastle united on monday evening as brendan rodgers ' side look to close the gap to fourth-place manchester city . sterling made his liverpool debut in a premier league defeat against wigan in 2012 . sterling ( second right ) models liverpool 's new kit alongside ( l-r ) adam lallana , daniel sturridge , jordan henderson and philippe coutinho last week as the new strip was revealed . the former queens park rangers youngster also revealed how a visit to anfield as a starstruck 15-year-old convinced him that a career on merseyside was the right move . he added : ' i was 15 when i signed to liverpool’s youth team , and i have to admit i was starstruck . the first time i saw stevie [ gerrard ] i thought he was a fake ! i couldn’t believe he was real and not a waxwork . ' by the time i was 14 , i had trials lined up at arsenal , chelsea and fulham , but my liverpool trial at anfield came first , and when i saw the stadium and the training ground , i thought : “ right , i’m not leaving here until i’ve signed . ' reds boss brendan rodgers will be hoping sterling decides to stay at anfield next season .