child protection services have again seized the two ' free range ' children of a mother and father whose unusual approach to parenting has become a national debate . danielle and alexander meitiv , both scientists in maryland , made headlines just before christmas when police found rafi , 10 and dvora , six , wandering the sidewalk on their own . on sunday , a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home . the children were picked up by police , who say they followed protocol by turning them over to cps . meanwhile , mrs meitiv tells fox 5 dc that cps workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe . picked up again : the meitivs say they were left to panic for hours by cps workers after their children -- who they raise with a so-called 'free-range ' approach -- were picked up by police for the second time in two months while walking down the street alone . taught a lesson ? the meitivs say their kids dvora and rafi went missing starting around 6pm . they were not reunited with them until 10:30 . what 's more , the elder child , rafi , insists the scariest part of the hours-long ordeal was being picked up by police . ‘ they kept the kids for hours , ’ a shaken danielle meitiv told fox 5 after being reunited with them . ‘it’s 10:30 at night . they’ve been missing since 6 o’clock…somebody called 911 and the police called cps and they decided to bring the kids here and they didn’t call us . ’ according to mrs. meitiv , the children were expected home no later than 6:30 . when 6:30 came and went , they became frantic . they would not receive a call from cps until 8pm . even then , they say they were n't reunited with their children or even told where they were for hours . in the interim , rafi tells fox 5 that initially he believed the responding police officer was simply offering them a lift . rafi said : ‘ the policeman said “we’ll give you a ride home” when we were like two blocks away . and two and a half hours later , after sitting in the car two and a half hours , he said “i’ll bring you home” and , instead , he brought us here . ’ ' besides the policeman pulling up ... no ' : asked if he was scared during the hours-long ordeal sunday , 10-year-old rafi admitted he was , but not because he 'd been left alone with his sister . seized : officials seized six-year-old dvora ( left , far left ) and 10-year-old rafi ( left , blue hat ) on sunday in a maryland park . their parents danielle and alexander meitiv are pictured , right , going to confront cps officials . free-range parenting is the name given to a style of raising kids in opposition to so-called ' helicopter parenting ' . ' helicopter parents ' are named for their habit of hovering over their offspring , micro-managing their lives in an attempt to keep them safe . however critics believe this creates under-confident , over-reliant children , while also causing the parents stress . free-range parents advocate a more hands-off approach , where children are allowed to go out and experience the world on their own . instead of constantly monitoring activities to make sure children are safe , the emphasis is put on adults assessing risk ahead of time , and equipping children with the skills to deal with danger themselves . ' here ' was child protective services , rafi said . and as he and his sister sat waiting to go home , their parents say ' upper management ' at cps was involved in keeping that from happening . only at 10:30pm did mrs. meitiv say she was reunited with her children and only after promising not to let them off the leash . ‘ they made us sign a safety plan that says we will not leave them attended at all until they follow up , ' and i’m not gon na risk my kids being snatched again like this by cps . ' when questioned , the meitivs say they believe in a so-called 'free-range ' approach to parenting , which encourages independence from infancy . in march , the cps found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone . it meant the agency would start a file on the family 's activities and whereabouts for at least five years . the meitivs hit back at the ruling , insisting they would continue to bring up their own children as they see fit - whatever the consequences . unsubstantiated child neglect is not a criminal charge , but is in most cases a prelude to such charges . it usually comes when the cps has deemed parents to have neglected their children , but has insufficient information or witnesses to press charges or take action . parenting style : the meitivs believe in giving children an unusual amount of independence from a young age . this seemingly arbitrary ability to place a family under investigation and rule against them has left the meitivs , who both work as scientists , furious . in march , danielle meitiv told the washington post they were planning to appeal the decision . ' we don’t feel it was appropriate for an investigation to start , much less conclude that we are responsible for some form of child neglect , ' she told the post . ' what will happen next time ? ' she said . ' we don’t know if we will get caught in this kafkaesque loop again . ' on december 20 , police in silver spring picked up rafi and dvora walking home on a saturday afternoon from the park after a member of the public reported it . the meitivs told police they often let their children walk on their own and that the kids knew the area well . the cps sent the meitivs a letter on february 20 informing them their investigation had been closed and told the washington post they would not be commenting on the process . outraged , danielle meitiv said she does not see why it is wrong to give her children independence . ' we 're just doing what our parents did . it was considered perfectly normal just one generation ago , ' she said on today in january . guarantees : as part of their free-range parenting philosophy , the meitivs make sure their children carry these badges in case someone worries and asks while they are out on the street . defiant : danielle and alexander have said that they will continue to bring up their children as they see fit . meitiv admits that the walk back from the park was longer than her two kids had taken before , but says she was n't worried because they have been on several shorter walks together with no issues . ' well i 've walked home from school before . not with my sister , but i 've done it alone , ' 10-year-old rafi said . ' we walked around the block a lot and we walk home from another park which is just around the block . the meitivs describe themselves as 'free-range parents ' who encourage their two children to take journeys without supervision in order to build confidence and teach them about the outside world . both parents are highly educated . alexander meitiv is a research fellow at national institutes of health and danielle is an oceanographer . usually they have the kids carry around a card that reads ' i 'm not lost . i 'm a free range kid ' but they left them behind that day when they went to the park that was a bit further away from their house . asked what the cps would do the next time they are called , they said they would simply follow procedure . what 's wrong ? danielle meitiv ( right ) appeared on the today show in january with her 10-year-old son rafi ( center ) and 6-year-old daughter dvora about a month after child protective services launched an investigation because she let the two walk home from a park alone . parenting choice : mrs meitiv ( pictured ) says she and husband alexander often let their children rafi , 10 , and dvora , 6 , walk alone to teach them about the world . ' if we get a call from law enforcement or from a citizen , we are required to investigate . our goal is the safety of children , always , ' said paula tolson , spokeswoman for the maryland department of human resources to the washington post . the free range parenting trend was first popularized in 2008 by new york journalist lenore skenazy , in a piece entitled why i let my 9-year-old ride the subway alone . she was railing against helicopter parenting and speaking to the washington post said that she was appalled by the ruling against the meitivs . ' the go-to narrative in the last 20 or 30 years for parents was , `` take your eyes off your kid for even a second and he’ll be snatched . '' what the meitiv case did was pivot the story to : `` give your kid one second of freedom and the government will arrest you . `` ’ . speaking about her horror at the decision , danielle meitiv said she turned to her husband and felt humiliated . ' i was kind of horrified , ' she said . ' you try as a parent to do what’s right . parents try so hard . even though i know they are wrong , it’s a painful judgment . ' journey : on december 20 , the brother and sister were walking about a mile home from this park when a citizen called 911 after seeing the two without their parents . 