andrew hennells , pictured , posted a message on facebook admitting his plans to rob a tesco supermarket 15 minutes before holding up staff . a man who boasted about plans for an armed robbery on facebook minutes before he threatened staff in tesco has been jailed for four years . andrew hennells posted details of his plan to the social networking site - stating he was ' doing . tesco . over ' at 7.25pm on february 13 . a quarter of an hour later , norfolk police were alerted by a member of the public to a man brandishing a knife demanding cash from staff working at the supermarket giant 's king 's lynn branch . hennells fled the scene before police arrived , but he was quickly arrested in a nearby pub with £410 in stolen cash . norfolk crown court heard that officers also recovered a knife . last month , the 31-year-old , of gaywood , king 's lynn , admitted robbery and carrying a knife as an offence . sentencing him to four years in prison for armed robbery today , judge anthony bate said hennells posed a ' high risk of serious harm to the public ' . the court heard how armed police were deployed after the alarm was raised . hennells had escaped after stealing a car belonging to a retired couple who had stopped to use a cashpoint . but officers tracked him down in a nearby pub , finding him carrying a knife and £410 in stolen cash . another count of robbery relating to the car-jacking was left to lie on file , norfolk police said . outside court , sgt pete jessop , from king 's lynn cid , said that the facebook confession made it easier to prove the case . hennells posted this message only 15 minutes before threatening staff at tesco 's in king 's lynn . a member of the public alerted police to a man threatening a member of staff in the store ( pictured ) . hennells , 31 , was then found by police in a nearby pub , with £410 in cash on his person . speaking after the first hearing , sgt jessop had said : ' we have not got to the bottom of why he posted the pictures and words on facebook , or why he did the job in the first place . ' it was bizarre and an unusual set of circumstances . ' while the message and pictures on facebook did not solve the case , it did confirm what we already knew . hennells held up staff at the tesco store in king 's lynn , pictured on friday , february 13 . ' but the thing that made it easier and quicker for us to solve the case was the assistance from the public . ' however , the quickness does not take away from its seriousness or how traumatic it was for the victims of the robbery . ' hennells made a series of other posts to facebook in the hours before the robbery , including a picture of a large knife , and sharing a bare knuckles gypsies ' ' the hardest man in ireland ' video . 