the queensland government has called a government decision to deport a single-mother and her son ' cold and heartless ' . townsville nurse maria sevilla and her son , tyrone , will be forced out of the country within 28 days , after ms sevilla 's appeal to the immigration department was unsuccessful . the single-mum initially had her visa application rejected because her son 's autism would be a ' burden on the australian health system ' , according to the immigration department . scroll down for video . tyrone ( pictured ) and his mother maria sevilla have had their visa application rejected and are facing deportation back to the philippines . after ms sevilla 's appeal was unsuccessful , her and her son will be deported within 28 days . ms sevilla said she did not want to be a burden , and was working in australia in an effort to give her son the best possible ' future ' . queensland disabilities minister coralee o'rourke called it a ' cold , heartless decision ' by the federal government . ' i call on them to reverse the decision , ' she said , according to the abc . ms sevilla said she hoped immigration minister peter dutton would exercise his ministerial power and allow them to stay . ' it 's like , i 'm pleading for our life , for tyrone 's future , ' she said . a spokeswoman for minister dutton said the migration review tribunal had reviewed the case and affirmed the original decision . ' most visas for australia require applicants to meet the health requirements set out in australian migration law , ' the spokeswoman said . ' the health requirements are an objective assessment to determine whether the care of an individual during their stay in australia would likely result in significant costs on the australian community . ' the visa was refused because the child did not meet the health requirement . ' ms sevilla , a single mum and nurse in the queensland town of townsville , has lived in australia with her son since 2007 . she says it is the only place he knows , and he only knows english . maria sevilla has lived in australia since 2007 , when she arrived in the queensland town of townsville - a single mother wanting to become a nurse , in the hope of finding a better life for herself and for her baby . her son was diagnosed with autism at the age of two , six months after they arrived in australia . ms sevilla told daily mail australia the new life in australia ' changed everything ' for her and her son , and she was able to fulfill her ' dream ' of working as a nurse . it was not possible for ms sevilla to work as a nurse in the philippines , where she said university is only possible for 'well-off families ' . ' coming here and becoming a nurse has given me assurance for our future and a sense of fulfilment , ' she said . ms sevilla also rejected claims her son will be a burden on the country . ' all of it could be taken away because the government thinks that children with autism are going to be more of a cost to australian society than a benefit – but that 's just not true , ' she said . ms sevilla has made a petition and is appealing the decision to send herself and her son back to the philippines - a place where she has no family and no network of support . ' everything is here for us . my work , our family , our home is here , tyrone 's school . ' ms sevilla 's application for a skilled-region visa subclass 489 has been rejected by the department of immigration and border protection due to tyrone 's autism . the rejection letter states that tyrone ' has a severe autism spectrum disorder , a condition that is likely to be permanent in nature ' . it stated that he would likely need special education services , state disability services , commonwealth disability services and residential care services . ' tyrone would be likely to result in a significant cost to the australian community in the areas of health care , ' the rejection letter said . a spokeswoman for then-immigration minister scott morrison released a statement about the initial rejection . ' the visa was refused because the child did not meet the health requirement , ' the spokeswoman said . ' the applicant was advised of her options for independent review of the decision . people can only seek ministerial intervention once a refusal decision has been upheld at merits review ' . tyrone is a ' very cheeky , happy little boy ' who is thriving at his specialised school in townsville . before appealing the decision , ms sevilla said she had received heartwarming support from many australians . ' i have received so many messages from mums of children with autism ; it 's very prevalent in australia , ' ms sevilla said . ' as a mother of a child with autism , i know it is n't a disease you have to cure , but one you have to manage . ' tyrone is a happy child with full of life attitude and can lighten the mood of a room with his presence . ' the idea that he ca n't contribute because of his condition is just wrong . people with autism can be excellent at a whole range of things ; he just needs to be given a chance . ' ms sevilla is sad , not angry , that the immigration department does not understand autism , and says that her son deserves a chance . due to tyrone 's autism , even minor changes to their routines troubles him , meaning having their deportation would cause enormous issues for the little boy . ' tyrone notices any change to his routine . even if i drive him a different route to school , he 'll notice and react with a tantrum . but once you calm him down he 's fine . ' but if we 're asked to go back to the philippines , we 'd have to start from scratch . tyrone only knows english . he only knows life in australia . ' ms sevilla lives with her brother and his wife , with her mother only fifteen minutes away - or as ms sevilla explains it ' just a phone call away ' . they are a crucial support for her and adored by tyrone . ms sevilla says there is no support for them in tyrone , compared to australia , where her beloved mother , brother , sister-in-law , aunty , uncle and cousins live . tyrone is very happy with them , and are a crucial support for ms sevilla , which includes caring for tyrone when ms sevilla is on night shift . ' i have found a better life for my family in australia with my close family . my mother , stepfather and tyrone 's uncle and aunty are so important for tyrone and i . ' they are a big help , as any single mum would understand . ' ms sevilla ( pictured second from the left , in pink ) and her son tyrone ( centre , in blue cap ) say they have ' never felt lonely ' in australia , despite their challenges , because of all the support they have been given . ms sevilla says that through all her challenges , australia has been a safe , caring place for her and her son . ' i have a lot of support from the community . i have my family . i have never felt alone . ' to sign the petition to keep maria sevilla and her son tyrone in australia , click the link here .