a grieving father was arrested on sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in georgia where his teenage daughter had died just three weeks ago . cecily hamilton , 16 , and her friend taylor swing , 18 , died on march 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in white county and into the water below . shannon hamilton , who had grown fustrated waiting for the local authorites to act , was arrested by deputies on gene nix road on sunday . scroll down for video . shannon hamilton was arrested on sunday attempting to build a barricade on a bridge in georgia where his 16-year-old daughter had died . cecily hamilton , right , and her friend taylor swing , left , died on march 15 when their car plunged off the bridge in white county and into the water below . ' every day that goes by is another day that we 're risking a life that goes into that creek , ' he told ajc.com . hamilton , together with friends and family members , had traveled to the bridge to errect a temporary barrier he had created to prevent cars from driving off the roadway . but before he could complete the work , hamilton was arrested by deputies . his 18-year-old son , kale , captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone and posted the footage on facebook . on monday hamilton told 11alive that he does n't condone breaking the law , but he has no regrets about attempting to prevent another tradegy . ' i pleaded with them to…put some concrete barriers up , some kind of temporary safety measure in place to prevent another father to have to walk across that bridge and identify their baby girl on the other side , ' hamilton said . hamilton 's son captured the moment his father was charged with interference with government property on his cell phone and posted the footage on facebook . since the teens ' deaths , more than 3,000 people have signed a change.org petition calling for safety features on the bridge . since the teens ' deaths , more than 3,000 people have signed a change.org petition calling for safety features on the bridge . two weeks ago white county commissioners approved a motion to add guardrails , but there is no exact timetable for when the construction will begin . ' we 've talked to our engineers and they recommended that we do a permanent fix and not something temporary , ' said white county manager mike melton . he is confident that construction will start in the next week or two , but hamilton says it is n't quick enough . ' i think to not have something in place immediately by the end of the day , or a week ago , two weeks ago , or the day after this happened , i think that 's disgusting . i think that 's disrespectful and i think that 's reckless disregard , ' hamilton said . the district attorney has stated that he will keep in mind what hamilton has had to endure when it comes time for sentencing . 