ephedra foeminea ( pictured ) waits for the full moon to bloom and produces a sugary droplet to attract pollinating insects . it may not turn into a bloodthirsty beast in the moonlight , but a peculiar plant does rely on the lunar cycle to survive . called ephedra foeminea , the plant waits for the full moon to ' bloom ' and is the only plant species so far that’s known to behave in this way . at night , the non-flowering relative of conifers secretes tiny droplets of sugary fluid to attract pollinating insects . they ooze from the plant’s female organs where seeds are produced . when a nocturnal butterfly or insect lands on one of the tasty transparent orbs at night , the pollen it’s carrying is used to fertilise the seed . researchers from stockholm university noticed the droplets at the same time of the year having conducted four years of research , new scientist reported . when they went to study the plants in macedonia , greece and dalmatia in croatia in 2013 , they were baffled as to why the orbs were not there , but after abandoning their field work to get some dinner , noticed that there was no moon this time . they checked data to see whether the creation of the globules coincided with the full moon and were shocked to find they did . researcher catarina rydin said : ‘ it all fitted , and all we had to do was wait for 2014 's full moon in july to see if that was what the plants were waiting for , and it absolutely was . ’ the study , published in biology letters , says : ‘ the exact timing of pollination in e. foeminea varied considerably from year to year , but was correlated with the full moon of july . ’ the study , published in biology letters , says : ‘ the exact timing of pollination in e. foeminea varied considerably from year to year , but was correlated with the full moon of july . ’ a stock image showing the phases of the moon is pictured . dung beetles use polarised moonlight to navigate in straight lines while moving dung . badgers tend to raise their leg to urinate at full moon , to mark their territory before mating , livescience reported . corals release huge amounts of sperm and eggs at full moon . by synchronising spawning , they increase the chances of eggs being fertilised . while lions hunt most effectively at night , they sometimes kill during the day when there 's a full moon . pets injure themselves more when the moon is full , although there is no reason why . a study found a 28 per cent increase in dog visits to the vets and 23 per cent increase for cats . ‘ to our astonishment , even cones that appeared too young to be pollinated… secreted pollination drops from a pore-shaped micropylar opening during the peaking period at full moon . ‘ one to two weeks earlier , when the moon was new and in its first quarter , we observed the exact opposite ; drop secretion was weak to non-existent and pollinators were absent . ’ while the globules materialised on e. foeminea at full moon , the same was not true of a relative found in the area . it’s unknown how the plant ‘knows’ when it’s full moon , but they can detect different intensities of light during the phases of the moon as well as gravity , which they could potentially use to identify lunar phases . while e. foeminea may be the first plant to respond to the lunar cycle , numerous animals are known to experience behaviour changes at different times during the cycle . for example , dung beetles use polarised moonlight to navigate in straight lines while moving dung and crabs and seabirds are also said to use the moon to carry out daily activities . ephedra foeminea is the only known plant species to follow the lunar cycle , but dung beetles use polarised moonlight to navigate in straight lines while moving dung ( a stock image is shown ) and crabs and seabirds are also said to use the moon to carry out daily activities . ‘ correlation with the lunar cycle has been described regarding activity , reproduction , communication and navigation for a number of vertebrates and invertebrates , ’ the study says . ‘ even eyeless animals such as reef corals correlate their reproduction with the phases of the moon . ‘ therefore , it is not surprising that the moon can influence plants as well , e.g . as a consequence of plant–animal interactions . ’ dr rydin said : ‘ to the best of our knowledge , this is a first . ‘ at night , the many pollination drops glitter like diamonds in the full moonlight , a spectacular sight also for the human eye . ’