when gareth silk let his five friends plan a stag do , he might have imagined it would involve pranks , costumes and drinking - but denim hotpants and heels were far from his thoughts . little did he realise his friends from cwmbran , south wales , were inspired by the hilarious money supermarket advert , featuring a man dressed in shirt and jacket from the waist up and tight booty shorts and stilettos from the waist down . when the men in their matching outfits walked down the street in benidorm , spain , they earned cheers , clapping and even policemen driving past waved and laughed . david rowles snaps the gang , from left to right : steve harvey taylor , gareth edwards , michael groves , groom gareth silk and his father andrew silk . david rowles , 38 , who filmed the stag stunt , said : ‘ we were in our local pub planning the stag weekend . ‘ we decided that whatever the first advert was that came on the tv , that was what we were going to do . ’ the money supermarket advert featuring ' dave 's epic strut ' came on . david said : ' everyone thought it would be a head-turner . ’ the next step for the group was to buy some high heels , and david admitted the men asked their other halves for help in purchasing the right shoes . each of the men dress in high heels and the video maker noted that some of them were walking ' too well ' . michael groves channels dave 's ' epic strut ' from the original ad that quickly went viral . he added : ‘ a couple of them were walking a bit too well in their high heels . it looked like they had been practising . ’ wearing heels earned them blisters along with laughs and attention from the crowds . the group of six - which included the groom-to-be gareth silk and his stags gareth edwards , steven harvey taylor , michael groves , dad andrew silk and david rowles - descended on the promenade of the spanish resort on march 29 . david captured them strutting their stuff on his camera phone . they each wear suits from the waist up with braces over their shirts and denim hot pants and high heels from the waist down . in the video , the men mimic the advert , walking towards the camera in a line of five , with groom gareth in the middle , pulling a variety of humorous poses from the tv commercial . later in the video the stag do can be seen garnering much attention from locals , holiday goers and even the police . mr rowles said : ‘ the whole promenade was at a standstill . people were cheering and clapping and all different nationalities stood around to watch and take photos . ‘ a police car went past and i was trying to get them to beep their sirens . they waved and laughed – they were fine . ‘i’ve been on many stag weekends and this was probably one of the best . we couldn’t believe the attention . ' the stag do garnered a lot of attention from locals , other holiday goers and even the police . unfortunately for the group however , who wore their outfits from 1pm until 7pm , there were repercussions and the men each had sore feet to contend with for the rest of the trip . ‘ we joked before we left saying that someone was bound to break their ankle . luckily no one did , but they all got blisters , ’ said david . according to the filmmaker , the group have already made plans to go on a fishing trip to ireland in the near future . the original ad stars american michael van schoick , who has been forced to deny he 's had buttock implants , insisting his bottom is all natural . in the ad he struts and twerks to the pussycat dolls ' hit do n't cha .