a 116-year-old arkansas woman passed away on monday just six days after she was announced as the oldest living person in the world . last week gertrude weaver , who was already the oldest person in america , asked president barack obama to attend her birthday party on the fourth of july . the silver oaks health and rehabilitation center in camden , where weaver was a resident , confirmed her death and said they were ' devastated by her loss ' . scroll down for video . gertrude weaver , the world 's oldest person , died at 116 on monday in camden , arkansas . weaver passed away from complications due to pneumonia , according to katv . kathy langley , the center 's administrator , said weaver was enjoying the spotlight she received in the last week of her life , she told reuters . the staff read weaver the many news articles written about her after she became the oldest person in the world . weaver inherited the title last wednesday , after the death of 117-year-old misao okawa in japan , according to the los angeles-based gerontology research group . she attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking . ' i treat everyone the way i want to be treated , ' she told reporters . weaver , who received a letter from obama on her 116th birthday , said she wanted to meet the president at her birthday party because she voted for him twice . weaver attributed her long life to treating others well and eating her own cooking . while living at silver oaks , weaver exercised in her wheelchair three times a week and ate three meals a day at the facility 's dining room . weaver was born on july 4 , 1898 in arkansas . she was the daughter of sharecroppers and worked as a domestic helper . after retiring , she lived with her granddaughter . weaver moved to silver oaks in 2009 when her granddaughter had health problems , according to langley , who called her an ' absolutely amazing lady ' . weaver became the world 's oldest person on wednesday following the death of misao okawa in japan ( left ) who died at the age of 117 . american jeralean talley , 115 , ( right ) is now the world 's oldest person . weaver 's 93-year-old son visited her on a regular basis . jeralean talley , of detroit , is now the world 's oldest person , according to the gerontology research group . talley was born on may 23 , 1899 and will turn 116 next month . she bowled until she was 104 years old and never smoked or drank alcohol . the only surgery talley said she ever had was to get her tonsils removed , according to reuters . talley credits her long life to her faith . she lives with her daughter , thelma holloway .