moeen ali says he is ready to take on australia’s two left-arm mitchells in the ashes – and has overcome the problems he had against the short ball during his introduction to test cricket last summer . moeen is planning to join up with the england squad ahead of the second test in the caribbean , starting in grenada on april 21 – having recovered more quickly from a rib injury than anyone expected . and he intends to put to good use the experience gained during the world cup , where he averaged 38 with a strike-rate of 105 – one of the few glimmers of light in an otherwise benighted tournament for england . moeen ali will join up with england ahead of their second west indies test after recovering quicker than expected form a rib injury . moeen 's performance in the world cup was a glimmer of light in a disappointing tournament for england . when the ashes get going on july 8 australia will undoubtedly bombard moeen with bouncers after he found a variety of ways to get out to the short ball against sri lanka and india last year – with mitchell johnson and mitchell starc ready to unleash merry hell . but moeen , who was recently named one of wisden’s five cricketers of the year , said : ‘ it was something i was working on at the world cup in australia . and now i’ve tasted a bit of johnson and starc and these guys , i feel i’m much more ready than i was last year . it was good for me to see that i can handle that kind of bowling . ‘ i probably thought about the short ball too much in the end , and forgot about the rest of my batting . so i’ve learned from that now , and hopefully i won’t ever do that again . ’ moeen struggled with the short delivery against sri lanka and india ( pictured ) last year . and for those who have not yet erased from their memories johnson’s demolition job on england’s batsmen during the 5-0 ashes whitewash in 2013-14 , moeen has some cautionary words . ‘ i think starc is quicker than johnson , ’ he said . ‘ i think he’ll be more dangerous than him because of the swing . but let’s see what happens . i’ve only faced johnson once , and that was his first game back , so maybe he’s a bit quicker now . ’ moeen , who hopes to play for worcestershire against yorkshire on sunday in the opening round of county championship matches , wants to establish himself as the test team’s no 1 spinner . moeen says that he worked on facing short deliveries during the world cup earlier this year . nineteen wickets at 23 against india last summer was a good start . and he has been working on his doosra , which was briefly unveiled against sri lanka at headingley a year ago , but has remained under wraps during the icc’s recent purge against dodgy bowling actions . ‘ i feel like i’m bowling it quite well , ’ he said . ‘ it wasn’t right at the time , but now that i feel like i’ve got it right . but a lot of players got banned , so i’ve got to err on the careful side of things . i think in the future i’d definitely like to bowl it . ‘ i feel like i’m part of the team now . but i don’t take anything for granted . i still play every game like it’s my first and my last game . i’m looking forward to going out to the west indies and performing . ’ 