it has a reputation for being one of the sexiest brand 's in the world and has helped launched the careers of miranda kerr , rosie huntington-whiteley and alessandra ambrosio . so , when a woman is granted victoria 's secret angel wings , she 's deemed something special and the future begins to look pretty bright . the lingerie giant this week added ten new angels to its coveted roster and one lucky brit made the cut . so who is stella maxwell and how did she make the transition from diplomat 's daughter to one of the world 's sexiest women ? scroll down for video . stella maxwell , who is irish but now splits her time between los angeles and new york , was this week unveiled as one of ten new victoria 's secret angels . stella , 24 , was born to northern irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell , who worked as a diplomat . she was born in belgium and was raised there until she was 13 . in one of her many moves , her family relocated to canberra , australia , then wellington , new zealand thanks to her father 's job . the 5ft 9in beauty was discovered at otago university and started her modelling career . she has since gone on to land coveted campaigns for the likes of asos , alexander mcqueen , h & m , river island and urban outfitters , as well as vogue and elle editorials . stella was born to irish parents stella maynes and maurice maxwell , who worked as a diplomat , and has lived all over the world thanks to her father 's job . stella , left , on the pink carpet of the 2014 victoria 's secret fashion show in december 2014 in london and , right , on the vs runway in the world famous show . stella was born in belgium and was raised there until she was 13 before she moved around the world . speaking to v magazine about her career to date , she said : ' the vs show was such a big show for me and my career . it was really cool to be involved . it 's kind of wild to check out the scene . walking marc jacobs was pretty cool , too . and i always love walking for jeremy scott . ' the young model , who now splits her time between new york and los angeles , loves racket sports , hiking and travel . when she is n't keeping fit or modelling , she spends her time hanging out with best friend barbara palvin ( who was rumoured to be dating one direction 's niall horan ) , and global megastar , miley cyrus . stella and miley cyrus , left , travelled to las vegas together last month - and stella documented the trip , which included private planes and pool parties , on her instagram account . stella maxwell walks the runway at the jeremy scott fashion show , left , and poses in a shoot for victoria 's secret behind the scenes , right . stella , pictured backstage at the concept korea spring 2011 show , loves racket sports , hiking and travel . the pals travelled to las vegas together last month - and stella documented the trip , which included private planes and pool parties , on her instagram account . speaking to v magazine about the friendship , stella said : ' we met through mutual friends via instagram . it 's been a trip to hang out and see a little of their world . felt very organic and right . ' despite her high-profile friendships , the irish independent reports that stella 's favourite things are the ' simple ' ones in life , such as roadtrips with friends , vintage clothing and playing scrabble on her iphone . the young model , who has over 500k followers on instagram , told vogue : 'victoria’s secret - they are a privilege to work for ; they appreciate your beauty . i think they are one of the few companies that celebrate the girl for being the girl , they really use you as a brand and show you off . ' your personality counts for a lot and how you are to work with . once you get to know them , it gets really comfortable - after all , at the end of the day , you are in your underwear . ' the well-connected star is good friends with blurred lines model and gone girl actress emily ratajkowski . the young model told vogue : ' victoria 's secret - they are a privilege to work for ; they appreciate your beauty . i think they are one of the few companies that celebrate the girl for being the girl ' . 