three more political parties have vowed to teach lifesaving skills in schools , backing the mail on sunday’s campaign to add first aid to the curriculum . charities last night welcomed the move to create a new generation of lifesavers , saying it could prevent hundreds of deaths every year . previously , only the liberal democrats had promised to add the crucial lessons to the school curriculum . but last week labour , ukip and the green party added their support as they unveiled their election manifestos . three more political parties have backed the mail on sunday’s campaign to add first aid to the curriculum . it means the conservatives are the only major party not to make the same manifesto pledge . shadow health secretary andy burnham told the mail on sunday that the issue was ‘ close to his heart’ . he said : ‘ one of my constituents , a very fit 16-year-old called daniel young , collapsed and died on the football pitch ten years ago . it really touched me – as a parent , the trauma of losing a child in those circumstances is incomprehensible . ‘ our manifesto pledge is about making sure all children are taught basic cpr skills before leaving school . we want to empower a generation of children , and potentially save hundreds of lives . this is about community resilience and people looking after each other . ’ shadow health secretary andy burnham ( pictured left ) said the issue was ‘ close to his heart’ . the mail on sunday is campaigning to make sure all schools teach basic first-aid techniques . the skills can also be taught by older children to their younger peers . the campaign has support from schools minister david laws , teachers , doctors and leading charities . tory education secretary nicky morgan believes schools should not be forced to teach first-aid skills as part of an overcrowded curriculum . however , tory education secretary nicky morgan insists that while first-aid skills are important , schools should not be forced to teach them as part of an overcrowded curriculum . she will instead modernise sex education lessons to include advice on ‘ revenge porn’ and internet safety . st john ambulance has launched a ‘ promise portal’ to encourage all election candidates to register their support for the campaign . richard fernandez , the charity’s head of public affairs , said : ‘ we have been calling for first aid to be a compulsory part of the national curriculum , so that every child has the chance to learn to be a lifesaver . ' this is a policy that has had backing from individuals in all parties , but it has yet to become reality . ‘we’re delighted that labour , the liberal democrats , ukip and the greens have now adopted this policy and included it in their general election manifestos . ' we are continuing to call on all candidates from the other parties to give their individual support . ’ for more information , visit thepromise.sja.org.uk . 