pupils applying to cambridge university may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years . tutors are deciding whether to bring back the exams , which would be designed to select the exceptional applicants . the university said recent changes to the exams system made it more difficult to decide which students to admit . pupils applying to cambridge university may have to take an entrance test next year for the first time in almost 30 years . according to trade magazine schools week , documents presented to senior tutors say the university is ‘ being forced’ into changing its system of using as-levels to assess applicants . the paper says that gcses ‘ will not give us a reliable measure’ due to their ongoing reform and that ‘schools’ predictions of grades will be next to useless’ . at present , the university uses unified mark scheme ( ums ) scores calculated from students’ performance in their as-levels - which are known when they apply to university - to decide which applicants are invited to interview . but under coalition reforms planned to ‘ toughen up’ the qualifications , as exams will be optional for cohorts starting this september and scores will no longer contribute to the overall a-level . the labour party has pledged to halt the changes and retain as-levels . university departments have now been asked for their views on a ‘ main proposal’ to reintroduce the tests from the 2016-17 admissions round . under coalition reforms planned to ‘ toughen up’ the qualifications , as exams will be optional for cohorts starting this september . mike sewell , director of admissions for the cambridge colleges , said : ‘ in the light of the recent a-level reforms , the university is in the process of considering all options available so that we may continue meeting our goal of admitting the best and brightest students from all backgrounds . ’ oxford university already uses subject-specific aptitude tests . most of its admission tests are organised by the admissions testing service . the disclosure has been met with concern by school leaders , who said institutions with fewer resources may not be able to properly equip pupils for the tests . eddie playfair , principal of newham sixth form college , london , said : ‘there’s a danger students in smaller sixth forms don’t have the same resources and might lose out . ' it could be one more barrier in the way . '