the wedding of the year in scotland takes place on saturday when british no 1 and two-time grand slam champion andy murray marries kim sears , his girlfriend of almost 10 years , in his hometown of dunblane . murray and sears , both aged 27 , met when the pair were teenagers during the us open in 2005 . murray was playing in only his second grand slam tournament , while sears was travelling with her tennis coach father nigel . the couple got back together in 2010 following a brief split and after having to field constant questions over the years on when he would propose , their engagement was confirmed last november . andy murray kisses his new girlfriend kim sears in the crowd after winning his first atp world tour title in san jose in february 2006 . murray pictured walking alongside sears on the streets of london during the wimbledon championships in june 2006 . murray watches his brother jamie in action at london 's queen 's club in june 2007 alongside sears and mother judy ( left ) . murray watches his brother in action at wimbledon in 2007 alongside sears and carlos mier ( right ) , who will be one of murray 's three best men . murray and sears watching british boxer amir khan in action during a title fight at the excel arena in london in february 2008 . murray and sears attend the exhibition match held to mark the launch of the new wimbledon centre court roof in may 2009 . murray and sears attend a burberry fashion show alongside serena williams ( second left ) and sarah jessica parker ( left ) in september 2010 . murray was the best man for the wedding of his brother jamie ( right ) and wife alejandra ( second right ) at cromlix house in october 2010 . television viewers are well used to the sight of sears , pictured here at wimbledon in 2011 , showing her emotions during murray 's matches . murray looks dejected as he and sears wait for transport after the brit lost the wimbledon 2012 final to roger federer . there were happier moments just weeks later though as murray celebrates with sears after beating federer to win olympic gold in london . murray then won his first grand slam title at the us open in new york in september 2012 by beating novak djokovic in an epic final . murray and sears laugh with television host jimmy fallon before an appearance on the show following his us open victory . murray and sears pose for photographers as they arrive for a burberry fashion show during london fashion week in september 2012 . murray leans over to kiss sears after becoming the first british man in 77 years to win the men 's singles title at wimbledon in july 2013 . murray and sears pose with the famous trophy during the wimbledon champion 's dinner at a hotel in park lane later that evening . murray and sears stand outside buckingham palace in october 2013 after the british no 1 was awarded an obe by prince william . murray and sears outside dunblane high school after the local hero received the freedom of stirling at his former school in april 2014 . murray and sears watch golf as the couple stroll by the fairways of ridgewood country club in new jersey during the barclays in august 2014 . sears poked fun at the reaction to her foul-mouthed rant during the australian open this year by wearing this t-shirt for murray 's final .