former manchester city manager sven goran eriksson delivered a damning verdict on his old club , claiming they should be winning the premier league rather than battling to stay in the top four . city , whose current squad cost a total of £368million , host west ham on sunday but a champions league spot next year is still in doubt with just four points separating them and fifth place liverpool with six games to play . eriksson , who was the last manager at city before the club was taken over by abu dhabi billionaire sheikh mansour and his family , said they have underperformed given their financial clout . yaya toure wore a snood in training on thursday despite it being the hottest week of the year . city were beaten 4-2 by fierce rivals manchester united at old trafford last weekend . ‘ with the squad city have they should do better , ’ he said , ‘ i think they have the best players in the premier league , so they should be the best team , but they are not . they are out of the champions league again and it looks like they will not win the premier league this year . now they have to concentrate to finish in the top four . i do n't know what is going wrong but with the money they have spent they have to do better . i suppose it is not good enough . ’ almost £1billion has been spent in an attempt to turn city into a major force in europe since the mansour family took over in 2008 . they have twice won the premier league title since then and are current champions . but they are out of europe , lost in the fa cup to middlesborough and have lost their last two league games , a painful 4-2 derby defeat to manchester united and a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace . eriksson , who is currently managing one of china’s top teams shanghai sipg , said the owners will expect silverware every season . former england manager sven goran eriksson ( centre ) managed city in the 2007-08 season . ‘ for these rich clubs whose owners invest a huge amount of money , they expect to win every year , but only one team can win the title . it is difficult to tell whether the players or manager is at fault because they won the league last year with the same players . it is hard to know what has made the difference this year . but city have come a long way in the last ten years . the year before i was there they were almost relegated . now they have success and the fans should be happy . but expectations are high , and it is the same at chelsea . they want their team to win all the time . ’