a masked burglar stole vintage watches worth more than £200,000 from an antiques shop in a mission impossible-style raid by crawling along the floor to avoid setting off the infrared beams . the thief scaled a two-storey antique market before breaking into a rooftop vent and squeezing down a narrow shaft to reach the store . he picked three sets of locks and crawled on the floor ‘ like a snake’ to avoid triggering infrared security beams . ' like a snake ' : this cctv footage shows how a masked thief avoided infrared beams during a raid on a jewellers in hampstead , north london , by crawling around the shop in a ' mission impossible'-style heist . mission impossible : the burglar , who crawled around the shop on his front , spent just eight minutes in the luxury shop before fleeing with more than £200,000 worth of stock . wearing a dark hooded jacket , jeans and nike trainers , the burglar stole 124 rare timepieces before climbing back up the shaft and escaping in a waiting 4x4 . the eight-minute raid , which has been likened to a mission impossible film , took place at the vintage watch store in hampstead , north london , on saturday at about 9pm . although the thief was able to bypass alarms and evade several cctv cameras , he was captured on a camera hidden in the ceiling overlooking display cabinets . crawling : the man and an accomplice returned the following night to try a similar break-in but were disturbed and fled . the man and an accomplice returned the next evening , but fled empty-handed after neighbours heard them trying to smash through the reinforced vent and alerted police . they left behind ladders , a screwdriver and a balaclava , which are being analysed by police for dna evidence . the daring raid happened a week after the hatton garden heist where gems worth up to £60million were stolen by a professional gang who climbed down a lift shaft to reach the vault . antique : the thief stole 124 antique watches worth more than £200,000 in the heist on sunday night . gold : among the watches taken a 18-carat gold 1910 swedish royal presentation wedding pocket watch worth more than £12,000 . another 18-carat gold fusee verge , which has an estimated value of £9,000 , was also taken in the raid . simon drachman , who owns the hampstead jewellers , said the raid on his shop was also carried out by someone who knew what they were doing . the 53-year-old said : ‘ it was very much a mission impossible thing . he was extremely fit and managed to squeeze through a vent that is two feet high and wide . he cleaned up the counters and made sure everything was clear . ’ he added : ‘ these are rare watches and unique . they are not easy to find and he knew exactly what he wanted . ’ the crime took place at shortly before 11pm on sunday , april 12 at the vintage watch shop owned by simon drachman . the business is a two-storey antiques market on heath street , which the thief accessed via a rooftop vent . among the haul was an 18 carat gold goliath 8-day swedish royal presentation wedding pocket watch made in 1910 worth £12,500 ; an 18 carat gold fusee verge watch by thomas earnshaw of london worth £9,000 ; and a gold fusee liverpool massey 4 pocket watch made in 1824 , worth £8,000 . but mr drachman added : ‘ these watches can not go on the market for quite some time because there are only four or five key dealers , who all know each other . ’