fire department officials in texas have been arrested after their volunteer firefighter were charged with sexually assaulting a new male recruit with a chorizo sausage . five firefighters and one 's girlfriend , who is suspected of videoing the attack at emergency service district 6 volunteer fire department in waxahachie , were taken in to custody earlier this week on sexual assault charges . fire chief gavin satterfield , 31 , and assistant fire chief william ' billy ' getzendaner , 34 , were suspended by the department 's oversight board following the arrests on thursday for allegedly telling the victim to stay quiet . scroll down for video . volunteer fire chief gavin satterfield , 31 ( left ) , and assistant fire chief billy getzendaner , 34 ( right ) , are facing charges of tampering with a witness after allegedly telling a sexual assault victim to stay quiet . blake jerold tucker , 19 ( left ) was one of five men who allegedly held down the unidentified victim while brittany leanne parten , 23 , filmed volunteer firefighters sexually assault a new recruit with a chorizo sausage . the board may vote to suspend the entire department at a meeting on monday , according to nbc dfw . the victim came forward in late march to report the alleged attack , which he claims took place in january . in the recording , men can be heard ' yelling and laughing with excitement ' while the victim is held down and bent over a couch . the group first tries to use a broomstick to sexually assault him and then decides upon the sausage . satterfield and getzendaner held a closed-door meeting with everyone after the incident where they told the victim and perpetrators to delete the video and not to tell anyone , according to an arrest warrant . they said that the victim could have taken legal action against the firefighters , but told him ' but you 're not going to ' . the chiefs said that they saw the video and getzendaner said ' this is some funny s*** ' , the affidavit claims . preston peyrot , 19 ( left ) and keith edward wisakowsky , 26 ( right ) , were arrested monday and charged for the alleged assault which took place in january . lieutenant alec chase miller , 28 ( left ) and casey joe stafford , 30 ( right ) , were apparently trying to initiate a new recruit into their department . the recruit said that after the attack he crawled to the bathroom and vomited before showering off the smashed up sausage . his department colleagues then reportedly stole his clothes while he was bathing , forcing him to run naked to his car for shorts . satterfield and getzendaner face prison time of more than five years under texas state law if convicted of tampering with a witness . they were released on $ 40,000 bail each , according to the dallas morning news . ' we are very , very saddened by the fact that people that we have relied , this board has relied on , the people of this county and this district have relied on have been accused of something so heinous as what has happened , ' a spokesman for the emergency services district board said . satterfield 's attorney said that the affidavit does not show that his client committed any crimes . satterfield and getzendaner were released on $ 40,000 bail each . above , the emergency services district no . 6 volunteer fire department in waxahachie , where the alleged assault took place . the five men thought to have taken part in the act , ranging in age from 19 to 30 , were charged monday with aggravated sexual assault . twenty-six-year-old keith wisakowsky , 30-year-old casey stafford , 19-year-old preston peyrot , 28-year-old alec miller and 19-year-old blake tucker were all charged . brittany leanne parten , 23 , was charged with improper visual recording for using a cellphone to videotape the assault , an arrest warrant affidavit showed . ellis county judge carol bush said in a statement released to the waxahachie daily light newspaper that parten is not a firefighter with the department . at least one of the suspects is a lieutenant with the emergency services district no . 6 volunteer fire department in waxahachie . alec miller , 28 , posted a $ 75,000 bond and was released on tuesday from the ellis county jail . according to the department 's facebook page , miller was named the department 's 2014 officer of the year . neither the texas rangers , who are leading the investigation , nor the affidavit , give a motive for the assault . but ellis county district attorney patrick wilson said `` it was some sort of rite of initiation '' for a new recruit . the ellis county 's emergency services district no . 6 board voted to have the county fire marshal be placed in charge of services in the area , according to wfaa .