michael bisping is eyeing a long-awaited homecoming ahead of his fight against cb dollaway . the manchester middleweight takes on dollaway in montreal on saturday night bidding to avoid losing successive fights for the first time in his career . and assuming he does so , bisping is open to fighting again in glasgow this july , five years since he last fought in the uk . michael bisping gets up close to cb dolloway during the ufc 186 weigh-in at metropolis on friday . ‘ i know it’s a cliche but i feel like i’m in the best shape of my life . i’m ready to take on the world , and by world i mean cb dollaway , ’ he said . ‘ for me it’s just another day in the office . this is what i love to do , this is what i was put on this earth to do . ‘ make no mistake , i’m going to deliver for the fans in montreal . ‘he’s going to look for a takedown , i’m going to stop that takedown . ‘i’m in the best training situation of my life – if i had this type of training my entire career , i’d have been a world champion five years ago . i just have to prove to the world i’m still one of the best . i’ll beat cb , then i’ll beat someone else and then you’ll hear me start talking about that title shot again . ‘ i haven’t fought in the uk in five years . after this fight , if the ufc wants me to fight on the glasgow card i’ll do it . i’ll fight anywhere in the uk . i’m an englishman at heart and it’s been far too long since i’ve been able to fight in the uk . ’ bisping looks to get back to winning ways against dolloway in canada this weekend . bisping is coming off the back of a defeat by luke rockhold last november but still considers himself among the best in the world . ‘i’m expecting the best cb dollaway there is , and i expect him to be confident . but his courage will diminish as the fight goes on , and i will knock him out , ’ he added . ‘ cb dollaway is a very good athlete . he’s a great wrestler , he’s a mediocre striker – i’m by far a better striker . ‘i’ve never lost two fights back to back . i need to put a win streak together . but i still consider myself one of the best in the world . ‘ the last fight against rockhold , we clashed heads and i couldn’t see too well – he caught me with a head kick and that was it . ‘ i know i’ve had my setbacks , they’ve been well documented . there’s no shame in losing to the guys i’ve lost to ; they’re all guys who could be world champions . dana white called me after the luke rockhold fight and told me the reason i was losing fights is because i’m consistently fighting the best guys in the world – not everyone can say that . ‘i’m going to prove that i’m still one of the best in the world . ’ 