an explorer who plans to spend a year living inside a ball-shaped capsule on top of an iceberg is seeking funding for his daring project . italian alex bellini is to be subjected to the full force of the iceberg as it melts , cracks and even flips - while hopefully staying safe inside his small spherical cabin . the aim of the cabin fever-inducing stunt is to highlight how global warming will melt icebergs around the world and cause sea levels to rise . scroll down for video . italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg in greenland starting next year . he will live inside a contained ball ( artist 's illustration shown ) , with no means to escape for 12 months . the capsule will be 10ft ( three metres ) wide and could fit 10 people - but mr bellini will remove all of the seats apart from one , for himself . mr bellini , 36 , is seeking funding for his project , called adrift , which he hopes to begin in november 2016 . previous feats by the explorer include running more than 14,000 miles ( 22,500km ) , rowing more than 21,000 miles ( 34,000km ) and spending 560 days in isolation . he has rowed both the atlantic and pacific and insists he favours challenges where there is a perceived lack of control . the capsules , initially designed essentially as escape pods for areas at risk of tsunami , can hold from two to ten people and range in price from £8,000 to £13,500 ( $ 12,000 to $ 20,000 ) . four are currently in use in japan , while two are in the us . mr bellini will use one at the upper scale , 10ft ( three metres ) wide - although he’ll remove all the seats except one for himself . inside he’ll have exercise equipment , such as a stationary bike , in addition to supplies for the year such as food and water . but his latest venture represents a whole new challenge as he will have to deal with intense isolation and undergo serious psychological tests as he copes with being alone for 12 months . perched on top of an iceberg in north west greenland , he will be alone and unable to leave the capsule , leaving him vulnerable to whatever is in store - on the iceberg , or in his cabin . comparable feats of endurance , such as the solar impulse mission , have also seen people remain in isolation for days , but mr bellini will have to cope for a whole 365 by himself . in addition to his mental health , he 'll also workout on board to stay in good physical shape . a natural lighting system will maintain his circadian rhythm , while he 'll be writing to keep himself entertained - in addition to reading books on psychology . his goal is to see an iceberg ‘ in the last phase of its long life , ’ observing the changes that occur as it melts into the ocean . ' this adventure is about waiting for something to happen , ' mr bellini told outside online . ' but i knew since the beginning i needed to minimise the risk . ‘ an iceberg can flip over , and those events can be catastrophic . ' his mobile home will be designed by aeronautical engineer julian sharpe , founder of survival capsule , whose creations were originally intended to be used in disaster zones such as areas vulnerable to tsunamis . but the indestructible and lightweight design appealed to mr bellini , and he now plans to use one for his own project . the capsule is also buoyant , so if he somehow finds himself in the sea , he will be able to float until he is rescued . mr bellini ( pictured left ) , 36 , is currently seeking funding for his project , called adrift , which he hopes to begin in november 2016 near greenland ( right ) . his goal is to see an iceberg ‘ in the last phase of its long life , ’ observing the changes that occur as it melts into the ocean . one of the most intriguing features of the capsule is that the entire interior can be mounted on roller balls and rotate , even if the exterior is tossed and turned . on an iceberg , this might prove vital . as an iceberg melts , its centre of mass can change dramatically until , in a matter of seconds , the whole thing flips over . mr bellini’s plan is to place his capsule on top of an iceberg and stay there but , if the iceberg were to flip , he could quite suddenly find his capsule thrown into the air . if the interior was on roller balls , though , this could alleviate some of the sudden movements . he also plans to use sensors to detect tremors in the iceberg , suggesting it might be about to flip , so he can get himself into a safe bracing position . as an iceberg melts , its centre of mass can change dramatically ( stock image shown ) until , in a matter of seconds , the whole thing flips over . mr bellini’s plan is to place his capsule on top of an iceberg and stay there but , if the iceberg were to flip , he could quite suddenly find his capsule thrown into the air . the interior of the capsule may be placed on roller balls to alleviate some of the sudden movements if the iceberg flips , but mr bellini also plans to use sensors to detect tremors in the iceberg , suggesting it might be about to flip , so he can get himself into a safe bracing position . and as it melts , it’s also possible the capsule could fall down a crack , or find itself encased under thousands of tons of ice . in case he does become stuck somewhere , mr bellini will have a beacon on board so rescuers can locate him , while the capsule will also be equipped with wi-fi , a wind generator and solar panels . despite the hardships , mr bellini feels there is an important goal - bringing the issues of global warming and climate change to people’s attention . ‘ adrift has the purpose of raising awareness and bringing contribution to the long discussed global warming and climate change theories , inspire students all over the world with educational programmes and inspire to live more sustainably , ’ he said on his website . shown is a timeline of when mr bellini plans to begin the adventure , in november 2016 . ‘ adrift has the purpose of raising awarness and bringing contribution to the long discussed global warming and climate change theories , ’ he said on his website .