the girlfriend of a tv star 's son has posed in provocative images posted on social media in a bid to push the couple 's campaign to legalise marijuana . outrageous conceptual artist and son of television veteran terry willesee , jesse willesee , was arrested at sydney town hall for smoking weed at 4.20pm on monday as part of the 420 campaign . joining him on his cannabis crusade is his girlfriend jasmine dinjar who has posed topless in underwear printed with marijuana leaves and with fingernails painted with the cannabis sign . jesse 's controversial partner in crime also lights up a pipe in one of the confronting images and suggestively posies with a bong . jasmine dinjar has posted provocative images of her promoting the use of cannabis on instagram . marijuana leaves are emblazoned on jasmine 's underwear on her instagram account . on monday , jasmine started the day by posting a photo of her bare chest with her hands over her bare breasts showing off her long white fingernails with green marijuana leaves emblazoned across them . before joining jesse at his protest outside sydney town hall , jasmine put up another post of herself smoking a joint with the comment : ' sparking up before i go to support @ jessewillesee 420 protest happening at 4.20pm at sydney town hall today ! # weedisnotacrime . ' dressed in a suit and trainers , jesse walked to the top of sydney town hall steps and lit up a joint as a way of making a bold statement before he was arrested by police . after he was released he posted an image of the young couple happily walking off arm in arm under an umbrella . ' this is a photo of @ jasman420 and i leaving the protest yesterday just after i was released by police . yesterday was truly crazy and i could n't have done it without jasmine 's love and support ! ' jasmine ( left ) and jesse ( right ) are partners in crime to push their cause to legalise marijuana . jesse getting arrested for smoking weed at sydney town hall on monday . jasmine lit up in celebration of jesse 's ongoing campaign to legalise marijuana . jess is the son of tv veteran terry willesee . jasmine appeared to be very proud of her man 's feat and lit up a joint as part of their celebrations . ' weed kitty all lit up . exciting day my love @ jessewillesee got arrested for the cause and now we 're gon na celebrate . ' jesse was equally delighted with a video of the protest which was widely shared on social media . ' hilarious video of my protest yesterday has gone viral reaching over half a million views in under 24 hours . # weedisnotacrime . ' he posted . the passionate advocate , who started smoking pot at 23 years old to help cope with his attention deficient disorder , jesse pushed the campaign on social media with the hashtag # # weedisnotacrime . ' marijuana is not a crime and i 'm not a criminal but i was arrested at around 4:21 and charged with administering myself a prohibited substance , ' he posted on instagram . ' thank you to everyone who came down in the rain and showed their support . '420 has been relatively small in australia . but right now it 's hard to ignore it . # weedisnotacrime . ' jesse lit up a joint on monday as part of the 420 campaign which happens every year on april 20 at 4.20pm . some of jasmine 's images are extremely provocative to get her point across about cannabis . jasmine was delighted with jesse 's arrest at the pro-cannabis protest and backs him 100 per cent . the campaign is a universal celebration of cannabis with people smoking dope at exactly 4.20pm on april 20 every year . last year , jesse participated on a much wider scale protesting anti-marijuana laws by smoking weed outside six sydney police stations and parliament house . he started a facebook page inviting people to join him at sydney town hall at 4.20pm on monday . ' i will be sparking up to protest against the criminalisation of marijuana . take photos while i light up at 4.20pm and share via social media using the hashtag # weedisnotacrime , ' the post said . ' ***warning*** i am not asking anyone to bring weed or to join me smoking , just to join the protest . the police station is 100 metres away - leave your weed at home . '