it was the most hi-tech road trip ever attempted . delphi automotive has completed the longest automated drive in the us , travelling from san francisco to new york in the first coast-to-coast trip ever attempted by an automated vehicle . nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 99 percent of the drive in fully automated mode . scroll down for video . nearly 3,400 miles were covered with 90 percent of the drive in fully automated mode . the nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the district of columbia . along the way , the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles , construction zones , bridges , tunnels , aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions . the team collected nearly three terabytes of data—about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the library of congress . the drive was used by delphi engineers to research and collect information that will help further advance active safety technology – the most rapidly growing technology sector of the auto industry . the team collected nearly three terabytes of data—about 30 percent of all of the printed material in the library of congress . ' our vehicle performed remarkably well during this drive , exceeding our expectations , ' said jeff owens , delphi chief technology officer . ' the knowledge obtained from this trip will help optimize our existing active safety products and accelerate our future product development , which will allow us to deliver unsurpassed automotive grade technologies to our customers . ' the nine-day trip crossed 15 states and the district of columbia . along the way , the vehicle encountered complex driving situations such as traffic circles , construction zones , bridges , tunnels , aggressive drivers and a variety of weather conditions . delphi , one of the largest suppliers of automotive electronics and safety systems , is using the long journey in the audi crossover to acquire real-world data from a sophisticated array of cameras , radar and lidar - a laser mapping technology - as well as wireless connected-vehicle technology . the firm also wants to test and demonstrate its active safety systems , which are being developed with such suppliers as mobileye nv , an israeli maker of computer vision and collision avoidance systems , and software provider ottomatika , a spinout from carnegie mellon university 's self-driving car program . delphi 's demonstration underscores growing interest and investments by automakers and suppliers in self-driving cars , some of which could be production-ready by 2020 . jeff owens , delphi 's chief technology officer , sees the automated driver assistance systems in the audi as building blocks on the road to fully self-driving cars in the next decade . the delphi drivebegan march 22 near san francisco 's golden gate bridge , with plans to wind up in new york city just before the annual auto show opens there on april 3 . during the coast-to-coast journey in the audi , at least two delphi engineers will be aboard , including one behind the wheel . delphi , a former general motors co unit domiciled in the uk , will test such functions as traffic jam assist , automated highway pilot with lane change and automated parking and valet . all of those systems are expected to be introduced in production cars over the next two to three years . although automakers and suppliers will have such capability within the next five years , owens said , ' our view is that the driver is going to be in the seat for a long time ' in case of emergency situations that self-driving systems may not be equipped or programmed to handle . during the coast-to-coast journey in the audi , at least two delphi engineers will be aboard , including one behind the wheel . delphi , a former general motors co unit domiciled in the uk , will test such functions as traffic jam assist , automated highway pilot with lane change and automated parking and valet . all of those systems are expected to be introduced in production cars over the next two to three years . fully automated systems that may be phased in after 2020 could add about $ 5,000 to the cost of a car , estimates glen de vos , vice president of advanced and product engineering for delphi 's electronics and safety division . delphi is providing some of the components and technology , including vehicle-to-vehicle connectivity , for gm 's super cruise automated driving system , which will debut in 2016 on the new cadillac ct6 sedan . during the cross-country trek , the vehicle will be challenged under a variety of driving conditions from changing weather and terrain to potential road hazards -- things that could never truly be tested in a lab . ' delphi had great success testing its car in california and on the streets of las vegas , ' said owens . ' now it 's time to put our vehicle to the ultimate test by broadening the range of driving conditions . ' this drive will help us collect invaluable data in our quest to deliver the best automotive grade technologies on the market . '  