a man has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway during an eight-minute chase at a utah airport . the events unfolded during a routine traffic stop after airport police tried to stop the car with its bumper dragging . the chase then started on a public road near salt lake city international airport on monday at 3am . leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city was asked to hand over the keys to his car by police when he drove off , crashed through the fence lines and onto the tarmac area before crashing into another fence . leo greene , 39 , of salt lake city has been arrested after crashing through two fences and sprinting from police onto a runway at the salt lake city international airport on monday at 3am . he was arrested and now faces multiple charges including driving under the influence , fleeing and resisting arrest . greene is also being booked for property damage and driving onto the loading area of an airport , as well as driving with an open container and on a license revoked for an alcohol-related offense . on monday morning , leo told police he was looking for a place to change a flat tire , according to a police report . when they asked for his keys , he drove off and crashed into the two fences . greene then jumped out of the car and ran to a shed before he was forced to the ground and arrested . salt lake city international airport officials said no flights or passengers were affected because there was not airfield activity at the time . the fence damages are estimated at $ 4,500 . ' it does n't sound very nefarious , ' said dave korzep , the airport 's superintendent of operations . greene faces multiple charges including driving under the influence , fleeing and resisting arrest . he is also being booked for property damage and driving into the loading area of an airport with an open container and on a license revoked for an alcohol-related offense ( above northwest tarmac area of the airport ) . ' just a lack of common sense , driving under the influence , making wrong choices . ' officials said greene suffered minor injuries during the foot chase and was taken to a hospital . an associated press investigation this month found eight other security perimeter breaches at the airport in the last decade . none of the 268 security breaches at 31 major u.s. airports between january 2004 and january 2015 that were documented by the ap were terrorism-related . airports also say breaches are relatively rare , although intoxicated drivers crashing through barriers is not uncommon . the ap sought comment on the charges from greene , but he was still in police custody . it was not immediately clear whether he had an attorney .