authorities have released the name of a woman who was fatally shot when officers say she fired at them from the back of a patrol car in downtown atlanta . the fulton county medical examiner 's office identified the woman as 25-year-old alexia christian . the incident happened on thursday afternoon near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta . major darin schierbaum said police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw christian sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck . scroll down for video . christian was killed by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a cop car near the fulton county courthouse in downtown atlanta on thursday . at one point christian fired at least two shots at the officers , and they returned fire , critically wounding her . schierbaum said christian was taken into custody and placed in a patrol car . he said that at one point she fired at least two shots at the officers , and they returned fire , fatally wounding her . witnesses told ajc.com , people were startled by the gunfire near the downtown intersection of martin luther king jr. drive and pryor street . tressa madden , who was trying to cross the street at the time , said : ' we heard three shots . ' we heard three more shots and everybody ran back across the street . ' she said she saw an officer fire his weapon but could not see who it was aimed at . another witness , valencia riden said she heard several shots as she approached the intersection , but was n't sure where the shots were being fired . ' we just took off running , ' she said . first responders performed cpr before an ambulance arrived , reports channel 2 . she was taken to grady memorial hospital but died from her injuries . eyewitnesses said christian had been handcuffed and must have somehow got one hand free to fire a gun . schierbaum said it was unclear how she was able to fire a gun while in the patrol car and that police are investigating whether she had been handcuffed . photos from the scene show a pair of handcuffs on the trunk of the squad car . department spokesman greg lyon confirmed the two officers were n't injured . at a press conference last night , he said : ' atlanta police commanders wanted to release information as quickly as it could be confirmed . ' we owe it to the people we serve to be as transparent as we can in these types of situations . ' police are now looking for surveillance footage from the surrounding area . when probed for details , officials confirmed that both the woman and officers were african american . video taken just moments after the shooting shows officers pulling christian out of the back of the squad car after she was shot . officers inspect a .380-caliber semi-automatic pistol found at the scene of thursday 's fatal shooting near the underground atlanta precinct . police were investigating a call about a stolen car when the two officers saw the woman sitting inside the vehicle in a parking deck and took her into custody . a red wig appears to have been left on the ground .  