residents of a tiny missouri city say they have no idea why five of their six police officers and several other top officials resigned after their first black mayor was elected . tyrus byrd , 40 , was sworn into office in parma last week , but her election victory was overshadowed by the departure of the majority of the police force , the city attorney , clerk and water treatment supervisor . the officials all cited ' safety concerns ' in their resignation letters , the outgoing mayor says . there are 713 people living in the community and , according to the us census bureau , 57percent are white and 41percent are black . unwelcome change : tyrus byrd , who was sworn in as mayor last week , must find replacements for five of the city 's six police officers , the city attorney , the city clerk and the water treatment supervisor . mrs byrd , who was sworn in last wednesday , told daily mail online she still does n't know why the employees quit - though the outgoing mayor says they cited ' safety concerns ' in their resignations . mrs byrd , who was sworn in on wednesday , told the daily mail online on sunday that she is still not sure why the city employees quit . her father , former city board member simon wofford , insists his daughter has a good relationship with the police department . kfvs-tv broke the story last week . citizens rallied to mrs bryd 's side , saying that the town did n't even need as many officers as it had . ' i think it was pretty dirty the way they all quit without giving her a chance , but i do n't think they hurt the town with quitting because who needs six police for 740 people ? ' resident martha miller told kfvs . the run-down city , which is 175 miles south of st. louis in southeastern missouri , has suffered a spate of break-ins recently . despite the surge in crime and the comparatively large police force , residents told the tv station that they almost never saw cops patrolling the streets . mrs byrd told daily mail online that the election of the first african american mayor should be celebrated instead of focusing on the departures of city employees . randall ramsey , the outgoing mayor who has spent 36 years in the job , told the daily mail online he also has no idea why the group quit . tyrus byrd ( right ) was sworn into office in parma last week , but her election victory was overshadowed by the reported departure of the majority of the police force , the city 's attorney , clerk and water treatment supervisor . randall ramsey , ( pictured center with a past city board ) the outgoing mayor who has spent 36 years in the job over two terms , told the daily mail online he has no idea why the group quit . the new mayor 's father simon wofford ( far right ) , who was defeated in the election for his seat , says she had a good relationship with the force . he added that most of the officers are part time and work for other towns in the surrounding area . he told kfvs that the officers cited ' safety concerns ' when they resigned . barry aycock , who has served as an alderman , told the daily mail online the election and the consequences are the same as usual and he hardly sees the police out on patrol . he added there is little crime in the city , aside from a spate or burglaries in recent weeks . there are around 700 people living in the community ( broad street pictured ) and , according to a 2010 us census bureau , 57 per cent are white and 41 per cent are black .