another man was in the car with walter scott when he was pulled over for having a broken tail light on his mercedes , it has been revealed . police have not disclosed his identity and family do not know who he is , but a police report confirmed the man was detained with scott and put in the back of a police car , according to cnn . the man , who is not a relative , could be able to shed light on what happened between officer michael slager pulling the pair over - and the beginning of the bystander video which shows scott being shot dead . the 33-year-old patrolman has been charged with murder after 50-year-old walter scott was gunned down last saturday in north charleston , south carolina . it has also been revealed that the officer was allowed to stay with the force , despite being the subject of a complaint that alleged he used excessive force on an unarmed man . police are now reviewing the earlier case in light of the shooting of mr scott . patrolman michael slager calling colleagues on his radio after shooting dead the unarmed father-of-four walter scott . officer michael slager , pictured left in his police mugshot , has been charged with the murder of 50-year-old walter scott , right . eyewitness accounts said scott was involved in a brief scuffle on the ground with the officer who pulled his car over for having a broken tail light . mr scott can be seen being shot five times in the back as he ran away from the armed officer in video footage that was captured on a mobile phone at the scene . the incident started at 9.53am when officer slager radioed into his control saying that he was pulling over a grey coloured mercedes . minutes later he appears out of breath as he describes chasing a suspect on foot , who he says is black and wearing a green t-shirt . this is followed by a period of no contact from the patrolmen , despite colleagues en-route to assist asking for his location . slager then makes a further frantic call to dispatchers at 9.38am after firing eight shots at mr scott . ' shots fired . subject is down . he grabbed my taser , ' after shooting mr scott , slager can be heard telling his control : ' i need to secure my vehicle . ' a second officer , named as clarence habersham , then uses his radio to report that the victim has gunshot wounds to his chest , right side , and backside . slager , 33 , who is white , initially defended his actions , saying he feared for his life after he alleged mr scott had wrestled his taser from him during a scuffle . but four days later , anonymous cellphone footage emerged that contradicted his account of events . the video showed the officer firing eight shots at mr scott from around 20 feet away while he had his back turned and was fleeing . the officer draws his weapon as mr scott , 50 , breaks free and starts to flee from the scene . the officer fires off eight shots hitting the fleeing father in the back five times . mr scott collapses to his knees after being struck after shots were fired . slager then handcuff 's mr scott 's lifeless body before he allegedly appears to tamper with the scene . slager , 33 , initially claimed that he feared for his life after mr scott wrestled his taser from him in a scuffle . sagler then cuffed mr scott 's lifeless body and was seen dropping an object - possibly his service-issue taser - by his side . in the video filmed by feidin santana there appears to be no evidence of mr scott getting hold of the officer 's taser or using it against him . ' i remember the police [ officer ] had control of the situation , ' said mr santana . ' he had control of scott . and scott was trying just to get away from the taser . but like i said , he never used the taser against the cop . ' officer slager was charged with murder on tuesday and now could face the death penalty . today mario givens revealed how he made a complaint about slager in september 2013 and claimed the shooting of mr scott could have been prevented . he told how he was awoken before dawn in september 2013 by the patrolman , who was banging on the front door of his family home in north charleston . givens , who is also black , said he cracked open his door and asked the officer what he wanted . ' he said he wanted to come in , but did n't say why , ' said givens , now 33 . ' he never said who he was looking for . ' officer slager , 33 , can be seen on video holding an object - possibly his taser - after he shot dead walter scott . officer michael slager was caught on video tape on saturday picking up an object - possibly his taser - from where the confrontation started with walter scott and appearing to move it over to the father-of-four 's dead body . then , without warning , slager pushed in the door , he said . '`come outside or i 'll tase you , '' he recalled the officer saying as he burst in . ' i did n't want that to happen to me , so i raised my arms over my head , and when i did , he tased me in my stomach anyway . ' he said the pain from the stun gun was so intense that he dropped to the floor and began calling for his mother , who was also in the home . at that point , he said another police officer came into the house and they dragged him outside and threw him to the ground . he was handcuffed and put in the back of a squad car . though initially accused of resisting the officers , givens was later released without charge . angered by what happened , givens went downtown to police headquarters the following day and filed a formal complaint . he and his mother say several neighbors who witnessed what happened on the family 's front lawn also contacted the police , though they say officers refused to take their statements . asked about the 2013 incident , north charleston police spokesman spencer pryor said the department now plans to review the case to see if its decision to exonerate slager was correct . ' it could have been prevented , ' givens said of scott 's death . ' if they had just listened to me and investigated what happened that night , this man might be alive today . ' authorities refused to say on wednesday whether other police officers will be charged in the cover-up of an unarmed black father 's fatal shooting by a white cop . north charleston mayor keith summey would not answer questions on the involvement of other members of the force in the killing of walter scott , 50 . the 33-year-old patrolman , who is white , initially defended his actions , saying he feared for his life after scott wrestled his taser gun from him during a scuffle when he pulled him over for a broken brake light on saturday morning . north charleston mayor keith summey ( pictured left ) refused to say whether other officers were involved in the fatal shooting of unarmed black father , walter scott , on saturday . police chief eddie driggers avoided some questions but did say he had been sickened by video of his officer shooting the man dead . four days later , anonymous cellphone footage emerged and blew slager 's story wide open . the video showed the officer firing eight shots at scott , a father-of-four , from around 20 feet away while the man had his back turned and was fleeing . sagler then cuffed scott 's lifeless body and was seen dropping an object - possibly his service-issue taser - by his side . the cop was charged with murder on tuesday and could face the death penalty . during a chaotic press conference on wednesday , demonstrators grew angry after the mayor took over questions directed at police chief eddie driggers who stepped back from the podium . mayor summey refused to answer questions on other cops ' involvement , citing an independent investigation underway by the south carolina law enforcement division . slager was fired one day after his murder charge but his wife , who is eight months ' pregnant , will still receive insurance from the city until after her baby was born because it was the ' humane thing to do ' , the mayor said . this as the fbi and the justice department 's civil rights prosecutors announced on wednesday there would be a federal probe . chief driggers told the press conference that he was ' sickened ' by the video and had watched it only once . no other officers had seen what happened at the shooting scene , according to driggers . when asked why no one had performed cpr on scott , driggers then said he believed one cop had taken off scott 's shirt and tried to perform life-saving measures . driggers said that he had spoken to walter scott sr ' father to father ' during a visit to the grieving family 's home . 