a ' superhero ' scientist has ventured into one of the most radioactive places in the world - scaling missile defence system towers , getting bitten by ' radioactive ' ants and eating contaminated apples that have grown on trees close to chernobyl 's epicentre . anonymous scientist bionerd has attracted thousands of subscribers to her youtube channel for her visits into the chernobyl exclusion zone , the site of a devastating nuclear explosion 29 years ago on april 26 , 1986 , as she measures the high levels of radiation still lingering in the air . since the disaster the site has been closed off to the world , with ukrainian scientists agreeing that the area is n't habitable for humans for at least 20,000 years . despite this , the daredevil researcher claims she has exposed herself to more radiation swimming in the sea and visiting hospital - and says the most scared she 's felt during her six visits was getting dangerously close to a rabid fox and walking by abandoned , dilapidated buildings . scroll down for video . daring : bionerd uploaded this picture of her in the chernobyl power station control room on april 26 , exactly 29 years after the disaster . tasty : bionerd eats an apple that has grown in radiation-filled chernobyl , where humans are still not allowed to live due to the cancer risk - but she says she has exposed herself to more radiation going intohospital , and is more likely to develop cancer from swimming in the sea . high : bionerd free-climbing up the early warning missile detection system in chernobyl . the area was devastated by a huge nuclear explosion in 1986 , but that has n't stopped the scientist exploring into the no-go zone to film . speaking to mailonline bionerd wo n't give her real name – because ' nobody should adore a scientist , one should adore his or her work ' – but explains how she has come to ' love ' the disaster zone . ' at first it was just about the radiation , the contamination , measuring what was going on . by now , it 's for a love of the place ' , she said . ' nobody who has not seen this place is able to fully grasp this ; a lot of people will think it 's crazy . ' but if you 've been there and experienced the zone as it truly is - a time capsule - you will understand . timewarp : an abandoned experiment room in chernobyl , untouched since the destructive accident in 1986 . 31 people died in the immediate aftermath . abandoned : a derelict operating room in pripyat - the ' ground zero ' city when the nuclear reactor exploded . bionerd says visiting the abandoned site is like stepping back in time . damage : the broken pressure gauges from the nuclear power station 's control room after the nuclear reactor exploded 29 years ago . relaxed : bionerd at the foot of the duga-3 radar system - known as the russian woodpecker - in the heart of the chernobyl exclusion zone . ' time stopped the moment the reactor blew , and i do n't just mean the readings on the clocks ... and if you embrace it , you can understand the zone 's true meaning . ' the 29th anniversary of the disaster was marked on sunday , and it is still regarded as the worst nuclear power plant accident in history . thirty-one people died in the direct aftermath , but the long term effects of the population living close by are still being investigated . as well as conducting scientific experiments measuring the amount of radiation with her bright yellow geiger counter , bionerd 's videos also show the eeriness of the once thriving and busy area , now abandoned and inhospitable . yet despite the obvious dangers , bionerd says she has exposed herself to more radiation when going for a medical procedure in hospital - and is more likely to get skin cancer by swimming in the sea without wearing sunscreen . ' the received dose of radiation [ in chernobly ] was far too minor ' , she said . ' if anything , the medical procedures have exposed me to far greater amounts of radiation than chernobyl ever will , so if i was to have a ' radiation induced cancer ' , i probably got it at the emergency room . the chernobyl power plant after the disaster in 1986 . on april 26 . 1986 , a sudden power surge at the nuclear power plant in chernobyl , near the city of pripyat , led to a huge explosion of the reactor which cast highly radioactive particles into the air . the plume spread over wide areas of the then-soviet union and eastern europe , leading to some 350,400 people having to be evacuated and resettled from the most contaminated areas in belarus , ukraine and russia . the fight to contain the contamination led to more than half a million emergency workers exposing themselves to high doses of radiation , and cost 18 billion rubles . the deaths of 31 people - all reactor staff or emergency workers - were directly attributed to the disaster , while the chernobyl forum predicts the eventual death toll could reach 4,000 among those with a high level of radiation . the chernobyl exclusion zone was set up by the soviet military directly after the disaster and covers around 30km of the site , including the epi-centre of the blast . it is one of the most radioactively contaminated areas in the world - but there are still 197 ' samosley ' , or ' illegal residents ' of the area who refused to move out . tourism to the zone is growing , thanks in part to the popularity of video games including call of duty : modern warfare and s.t.a.l.k.e.r . source : wikipedia . relaxed : bionerd with her geiger counters measuring radiation in chernobyl . she has visited the site six times to film her experiments . radiation : bionerd 's array of geiger counters , which measure the amount of ionizing radiation in the air including alpha particles , beta particles and gamma rays . death trap : more dangerous than the radiation , bionerd says , are the derelict buildings on the brink of structural collapse . predator : the chernobyl exclusion zone has become popular with wildlife , including this rabies-ridden fox . ' it was very stupid of me to go swimming in the sea multiple times without re-applying sun protection , and i hope i wo n't have to pay for this ignorance one day . ' ' when necessary - which which was very few occasions - i was wearing gloves and/or a respirator and/or shoe protection so i do n't get contaminated ' , she added . ' i was extremely cautious about the buildings , as some of them have partially collapsed and are highly dangerous to enter . ' being buried by a collapsing wall is the true physical danger in the chernobyl exclusion zone . ' i was also carefully looking out for animals , especially as rabies is a big issue in any rural area in the ukraine - and thus , also in the chernobyl exclusion zone , which is a wildlife habitat more than anything else . ' her encounter with a rabid fox is one of the few times on bionerd 's youtube videos that you hear genuine panic in her voice , as the wild creature comes dangerously close to her car . reflecting on the impact that nuclear disasters such as chernobyl has had on the surrounding environment , bionerd said she does n't see it as an ' ideal ' energy source . ' in regard to stuff going really wrong , well , that rarely happens - in comparison to total running reactors versus time - and even if it does , it kills a lot less people in total than mining for coal or the smog resulting from emissions from coal plants . untouched : the operator console of the control room for the nuclear reactor in chernobyl . the site has barely been touched since the explosion . defiant : bionerd and her colleagues in nuclear reactors five and six over the potential reactor core - right in the heart of chernobyl ( see arrow ) . she says she wants a reliable energy source before shutting nuclear power plants . but after coal , it 's still the second-worst source of power because of all that waste that is produced . both the chemicals during separation and enrichment of uranium or spent fuel as well as the radioactive waste that results in the end of a fuel cycle are a huge issue . ' in theory , i 'd say ' research nuclear reactors : yes ! nuclear power as an energy source : no ! ' but there , look at me - on my computer , with the lights on , drinking some coffee i have just prepared using one kw of power . ' we should also look into means of producing cleaner energy , for example nuclear fusion . dangerous : the sealed-off chernobyl nuclear power plant , pictured in march 2015 . massive : bionerd at the foot of the detection system . she said she finds the attention to her videos ' quite awkward ' . ' but i can not demand that we shut off coal plants followed by nuclear power plants within the next ten years , as we need to have a true , reliable and sufficient alternative before that step . ' and while bionerd 's videos are rightly receiving praise from around the world due to their scientific content , many have flocked to praise bionerd 's punk style and good looks . how does she feel about that attention ? ' if somebody flatters me , it 's quite awkward - kind of like if you hand in a manuscript to a book your have put a lot of time and effort into while writing it , and the publisher then writes back to you and just says that you have an absolutely beautiful and marvellous handwriting . ' it 's not a bad thing , but it 's not really what you want to hear , either . ' to see more , visit bionerd 's youtube channel .