since parting ways with prince harry and the royal family last year , it appears that actress cressida bonas has done anything but sit around and mope . on the contrary , the invitations have flooded in . from fashion parties and music festivals , she 's been pictured living the kind of life that most 26-year-olds can only dream of . she 's bagged herself a modelling contract with mulberry , starred in a west end stage play and is now destined to act alongside dame judi dench . it seems she definitely does n't regret turning down the crown ? scroll down for video . cressida dated prince harry for two years , after being introduced to him in 2012 by princess eugenie . the pair split last april , despite rumours that they had secretly got engaged and planned to marry . mulberry buttercup dress delphinium broderie anglaise . shop it in blue here . visit site . to the golden globes party last year , cressida rocked this black mulberry dress , just days after she worked the exact same pick in white at the baftas . while the dresses were n't so suitable for the red-carpet dos mid-winter , we are loving them for the upcoming spring season teamed with gladiator flats or wedged sandals come night time . and it 's no wonder cressida was wearing so much mulberry after being named the new face of the brand . sadly the black number is n't available to buy , but if you click right , you can bag the dress in blue or white on mulberry 's website ( if they have your size left ) . if you 're out of luck and you 're more of a little black dress lady like cressida , see our fab halterneck options below to step into spring for a snip of the price . a.b.s . by allen schwartz black cutout halter dress ( now on sale for $ 99.99 ! ) at bluefly . visit site . michael michael kors metal neck halter dress at zappos . visit site . diane von furstenberg amelia lace halter dress ( now on sale for $ 199.20 ! ) at saks fifth avenue . visit site . isa arfen guipure long halter dress at moda operandi . visit site . in fact , the professionally-trained dancer , ski instructor , actress and model says she 's now having the time of her life . talking to the the times , cressida , cressie to her friends , revealed that not only is she happily single , but that she 's enjoying every minute of it . though she still maintains a close friendship with princess eugenie , cressida has broken free of the constraints that being part of the royal family could have put on her career . from a starring role in a six-week run of the play there 's a monster in the lake , to dancing her way through mulberry 's new spring/summer 2015 ad campaign video , cressie has cut loose . it 's thought the pressures of becoming part of the royal family put a strain on cressida 's relationship with harry . she has long dreamed of becoming an actress and wanted to pursue her career freely . cressida has maintained a close relationship with friend princess eugenie despite the split . calling herself a ' strong independent woman ' and a ' lion ' when it comes to protecting those that she loves , it seems we 're all about to see a new version of the once quiet cressida bonas . ' i hope the focus is becoming more about the skills i have , ' she said , referring to her time spent being known as little more than harry 's girl . the months leading up to her split from harry last spring saw rumours hit fever pitch that the pair would imminently announce plans to marry . ' i hope the focus is becoming more about the skills i have , ' said cressida of the shift she hopes will happen in terms of how the media and public see her now that 's she pursuing an acting career . of the rumours surrounding both herself and harry , cressida said , ' all that stuff is not real . it 's really important to remember that all it is is noise , noise that can be very loud at times ' . with a wedding thought to be on the way , the duchess of cambridge was even said to be helping shy cressie learn how to handle to the intensity of the royal spotlight . but the actress now dismisses all that as mere ' noise ' . ' all that stuff is not real . it 's really important to remember that all it is is noise , noise that can be very loud at times . ' since splitting with prince harry cressida has been more free to attend parties and music festivals like glastonbury ( pictured above ) with her friends , away from the intense media spotlight . fashionista : cressida attended the vip party to celebrate the v & a 's alexander mcqueen : savage beauty fashion exhibition . as rumours of prince harry and cressida 's engagement circulated , the duchess of cambridge was even said to be helping shy cressie learn how to handle to the intensity of the royal spotlight . what is n't just noise however , is that cressida may be on the brink of finding fame on the big screen . having grown up surrounded by a family of what she calls thespians and drama lovers , becoming an actress has long been cressie 's dream . now , after studying drama and dance , she 's bagged herself a role in upcoming film tulip fever , alongside judi dench , and supermodel-turned-actress cara delevingne . cressida is following in the footsteps of former mulberry model cara delevingne , after landing a role in upcoming film tulip fever alongside the supermodel and dame judi dench . film producer harvey weinstein is even championing her for a lustrous career as a result . ' people will see what a fantastic actress she is . it will be the first of many roles for her , ' he told mailonline . the movie boss ever praised cressida for not trying to use her fame to secure roles , saying : ‘ she is not taking advantage of any media profile . ’     