in the final weeks before the general election , party leaders are pulling out all the stops to attract voters - but not everyone is impressed . on wednesday , a six-year-old boulton schoolgirl made headlines when she was seen plopping her head down on her book in apparent boredom as david cameron tried to read with her . and the prime minister is n't the only politician guilty of causing kids to cringe ; ed miliband , ed balls and nick clegg have all been pictured sharing awkward moments with youngsters . scroll down for video . david cameron managed to thoroughly bore a schoolgirl while visiting a school in bolton on wednesday . the prime minister is n't the only politician who elicits funny reactions from kids . labour leader ed miliband has also had his fair share of awkward moments . shadow chancellor ed balls fails to impress a young girl and her doll as they play make-believe . in 2011 , labour leader ed miliband was pictured visiting a school , where he sat down on a pink sofa to chat with some young schoolgirls . but rather than engage with the children , ed was snapped awkwardly sipping tea from his cup as the girls watched him and rolled their eyes . shadow chancellor ed balls likely had the best intentions when he sat down to play make-believe with a primary school youngster and her doll . but the girl could n't hide her boredom in a picture from the meeting , resting her chin in her hand as she looked wearily away from him . it looks like this little boy could n't more exhausted by george osborne 's peppy demeanour . deputy prime minister nick clegg is just trying to be one of the kids - but he does n't quite fit in . snp leader nicola sturgeon looks a little out of her comfort zone as she tries her hand at video games . gordon brown looms rather scarily over a baby as she plays with toys . it seems the unrelenting enthusiasm of politicians is what annoys kids most . indeed , one little boy in a photo from a school visit appeared desperate for a nap as george osborne leaned over him , smiling brightly at the other pupils . and nick clegg did n't quite fit when he sat down at a table of school kids , who uniformly went about their business as he looked around at them , apparently trying to make friends . former prime minister gordon brown did n't have much luck either when he got down on all fours to talk to a baby . these kids look less than pleased to be hanging out with william hague . it looks as though the leader of the house of commons said something to upset this young artist . this young boy appears less than pleased to be holding hands with ed balls . it looks like michael howard has done something to seriously annoy the redheaded boy next to him . the scot looked like more of a looming giant than a friendly face , his dark business suit contrasting with the rainbow carpet and toys on the floor . william hague has been met with incredulity by children on multiple occasions . in one particularly funny photo , he is seen awkwardly looking over the shoulder of a student as her friend rolls her eyes , seemingly annoyed at his presence . in another , a boy looks downtrodden as the leader of the house of commons apparently scrutinises his drawing of a fox . boris johnson gives the thumbs-up at a school lunch as his fellow diners dutifully ignore him . tony blair sits in a corner near table of children as he awkwardly gestures with his sandwich in the air . a shocked girl gawps at david laws as he assesses the school lunch options . a flabbergasted ed balls looks as though he has never seen coloured markers before .