nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten , it can be revealed . ukip , which will today unveil its manifesto , has reduced the number of constituencies where it is concentrating resources as it loses ground in the polls . a party strategist said ' something extraordinary ' would now need to happen for it to win in places outside its target list . nigel farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats at the general election and is now targeting just ten . south thanet , kent ( majority : con 7,617 ) clacton , essex ( ukip 12,404 ) rochester & strood , kent ( ukip 2,920 ) thurrock , essex ( con 92 ) . great grimsby , lincs ( labour 714 ) . boston & skegness , lincs ( con 12,426 ) camborne & redruth , cornwall ( con 66 ) . dudley north , west midlands ( lab 649 ) . castle point , essex ( cons 7,632 ) heywood & middleton , greater manchester ( lab 617 ) . after ukip won the rochester and strood by-election last november and gained its second mp , mr farage said the party could go on to win ' dozens of seats ' in the election . but ukip campaign chiefs have now adopted a ' shotgun ' approach with a far fewer targets . mr farage will this morning launch the party 's manifesto in thurrock , essex . a ukip source said : ' it will be a broad and open offer to those on low and middle incomes . that 's something which no other party is doing . ' among the seats dropped from the list of hopefuls is folkestone and hythe , where candidate janice atkinson was replaced after allegations of fraudulent expenses claims . the target list includes south thanet , where mr farage is standing , along with clacton and rochester and strood , where douglas carswell and mark reckless won by-elections after defecting from the tories . the party also hopes to win in thurrock , a tight three-way marginal where the tories are defending a majority of just 92 . another focus is heywood and middleton , in greater manchester , where it narrowly lost a by-election to labour last october . ukip 's election co-ordinator chris bruni-lowe , who masterminded last year 's by-election wins , is organising campaigns in the ten targets . the party is helping write campaign literature , organising mailshots to voters and putting up billboards , while other candidates are mostly being left to their own devices . clacton , where tory defector douglas carswell ( left ) is standing for ukip , is one of the few seats the party still thinks he can win . ukip 's immigration spokesman has admitted that even the leadership of the party has been left confused by its policy on foreigners moving to britain . at an event last month steven woolfe said the deputy chairman suzanne evans , who has written ukip 's manifesto , did not understand the immigration policy even when he showed her diagrams to explain it . it is claimed that mr woolfe , who was speaking after a meeting in dudley , said : ' the problem is , even within my own party , my own deputy chairman , did n't seem to understand it herself despite the fact i actually put picture graphs . ' i put the numbers on and the point is people confuse immigration . immigration consists of loads of different numbers , the number of students , it 's asylum seekers , it 's family members . ' nigel farage was earlier this month accused of ' making up his policies as he goes along ' after he called for the number of arrivals to be limited at 50,000 a year , but at the same time claimed overall caps on net migration would be ' ludicrous ' . miss evans this morning said the manifesto would include an immigration limit of 50,000 skilled workers from around the world , adding she was ' proud ' of the policy . most pollsters suggest ukip is being squeezed , with an icm poll suggesting the party had slipped to 7 per cent on monday , while a poll by opinium at the weekend put the party on a two-year low . mr farage has maintained that the party is not losing support but appears to have changed his rhetoric , referring to the election as a ' springboard ' . in an interview at the weekend he suggested ukip supporters should vote tory in seats where the party has no chance of winning . a senior ukip source last night said mr farage could begin discussions with the tories about a post-election deal through 'back-channels ' before the polls close . mr farage ' is minded to do confidence-and-supply with whoever offers an eu referendum ' , he said . ukip 's manifesto will include a pledge to fund 6,000 jobs in the police , prison service and border agency for military veterans . and mr farage is today expected to pledge that his party would spend ' substantially ' more than nato 's target of 2 per cent of national income on defence . he has previously said that ukip would meet the target . the tories have refused to commit to the target beyond next year . in a bid to bolster faltering opinion poll ratings , mr farage said ukip was offering ' serious , fully costed policies' aimed at voters who ' believe ' in britain . an in/out referendum on britain 's eu membership ' as soon as possible ' , a five-year ban on unskilled migrants coming in to the uk and a points-based system for others are among other key pledges . with the party keen to broaden its appeal after a slip in support after surging to victory in last year 's european elections , the manifesto also offers boosts for first-time buyers , military veterans , small businesses and hospital patients . 