a space company owned by amazon.com founder jeff bezos has finished work on a rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship . called blue origin , the firm expects to begin flight tests this year . the so-called new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes about 62 miles ( 100 km ) above earth . scroll down for video . the new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys , and the firm is also developing an orbital craft , shown here . it will launch from blue origin 's west texas facility near van horn , texas , southeast of el paso . testing and development of the rocket engine , called be-3 , has been completed , the last major milestone before the liquid oxygen- and liquid hydrogen-fueled motor is attached to the new shepard capsule for flight , blue origin president rob meyerson told reporters on a conference call . privately owned blue origin has not started selling tickets for flights on new shepard or released pricing information . ' the engine is ready for flight ... and ready for other commercial users , ' meyerson said . he declined to be more specific about when new shepard would fly , except to say ' soon . ' the new shepard system will take astronauts to space on suborbital journeys . the new shepard vehicle includes a crew capsule carrying three or more astronauts atop a separate rocket-powered propulsion module , launched from the firm 's west texas launch site . following liftoff , the combined vehicles accelerate for approximately two and a half minutes . the propulsion module then shuts off its rocket engines and separates from the crew capsule . the propulsion module will finish its flight , descend to earth , and autonomously perform a rocket-powered vertical landing . the crew capsule will go on to coast to the edge of space , providing astronauts with a view to the curvature of the earth and the beauty of our planet . after descent and reentry into earth’s atmosphere , the crew capsule will land under parachutes near the launch site . in addition , the new shepard vehicle will provide opportunities for researchers to fly experiments into space and a microgravity environment . blue origin's orbital reusable booster system . the capsule will fly dozens of times unmanned before the test flights include pilots , meyerson added . when finished , the new shepard vehicle includes a crew capsule carrying three or more astronauts atop a separate rocket-powered propulsion module , launched from the firm 's west texas launch site . following liftoff , the combined vehicles accelerate for approximately two and a half minutes . the propulsion module then shuts off its rocket engines and separates from the crew capsule . the propulsion module will finish its flight , descend to earth , and autonomously perform a rocket-powered vertical landing . the crew capsule will go on to coast to the edge of space , providing astronauts with a view to the curvature of the earth and the beauty of our planet . after descent and reentry into earth’s atmosphere , the crew capsule will land under parachutes near the launch site . blue origin is among a handful of companies planning to offer commercial spaceflight services . new shepard is a suborbital system , like virgin galactic 's spaceshiptwo , a six-passenger , two-pilot spaceplane that is expected to resume test flights later this year following a fatal accident in mojave , california , on oct. 31 , 2014 . another company , privately owned xcor aerospace , is working on a two-seater spaceplane called lynx that also is slated to debut this year , founder and chief technology officer jeff greason said . other companies , including space exploration technologies , or spacex , and boeing , are skipping suborbital spaceflight and developing systems to carry people into orbit . blue origin intends to parlay its suborbital new shepard vehicle into an orbital launch system , expected to begin flying later this decade . that vehicle will be powered by a liquefied natural gas motor , called the be-4 , that is being developed with united launch alliance , a partnership of lockheed martin corp and boeing . the recently completed be-3 engine also will be modified to serve as an upper-stage motor to fly satellites into orbit , meyerson said .