i hope when you were sitting at home in front of your tellies looking forward to the latest instalment of the arsene vs jose show that you remembered all important thing : this classic managerial match-up is no capital club sprint , it’s a london derby marathon . and yes , it might well have been entertaining to see the pair - one dressed as a clown , say , and the other a superhero - having it out on the streets while crammy and brendan told us some fascinating facts about historical landmarks . perhaps they can do that next year ? this year , instead , once the actual race was run , all roads led to the emirates and a sky sports team all set to act as pacemaker for the afternoon . arsene wenger has a look in the direction of jose mourinho during the stalemate at the emirates . and , yes , of course they did bother to point out that there also happened to be an important game of football going on . one with the added factor of cesc fabregas happening to be the man in the middle , on a couple of levels . but surely there was never any doubt which two men were going to set the tone for what was about to come . having just made it sound like some kind of premier league mayweather vs pacquiao match up , in fact both bosses were far from being in a combative mood in their pre match interviews . jose was nigh on glowing about arsenal’s ‘ creative team ( with ) amazing , fantastic solutions . ’ while arsene said one of the important motivators for his team was ‘ to share positive emotions with our fans . ’ it sounded like someone had just broken out the joss sticks in the tunnel . perhaps a little more in-your-face were the pundits in the booth . here thierry ‘ as an arsenal man’ henry found himself getting mildly bad cop/bad copped by jamie carragher and graeme souness over the former gunners striker’s contention that ‘ it was kind of weird to see ( cesc fabregas ) in a blue shirt’ and that ‘ if i was the boss i would tried to buy him back . ’ but this really was just everyone jostling for position at the starting gun . the race was yet to be run . in the first half of the encounter , it was the penalty shouts that saw the director scrambling , to switch to gaffercam . the first image was a beauty , capturing both men together on the touchline after oscar and ospina had collided . oscar and david ospina collided with the chelsea man taken to hospital for a suspected concussion . in the foreground , mourinho dispensed with the pre-game purple prose and was using an entirely different vocabulary to berate the fourth official . while in the distance , wenger looked on with the benign countenance of a man who perhaps thought he’d got away with one ? each was then given their own live hero shot . jose was simply stoney-faced for his , by the time the camera had found him after the fabregas yellow for an adjudged dive . but arsene’s solo was much more dramatic . a handball shout against cahill rejected , the arsenal boss had by now donned one of his famous zip up coats and was captured in glorious slo-mo . his arms raised in the natural position for a man exclaiming ‘ how wasn’t that a handball ? ’ back in the studio at half time , thierry looked just as surprised as his old boss had , as he exclaimed ‘ two ? wow ! ’ when jamie carragher said he thought chelsea had a pair of good shouts from twelve yards . however , not for the first or last time he revealed his true colours when he admitted he thought there had indeed been one for the west london team . ‘ i was showing my arsenal side earlier’ , henry confessed . in his case , proverbially holding his hands up in the box . jamie carragher , thierry henry and graeme souness chew the fat after the final whistle . into the second half , and on co-commentary alan smith made the point very early that arsenal would be happy ‘ in their quest to finish second’ . and it became pretty clear pretty quickly that there were in fact two teams out there who’d take one point each . all of which meant the spotlights reserved for any arsene and jose fireworks were left dimmed throughout . we didn’t even get any awkward gaffer-on-gaffer action at the final whistle . instead , just the sight of mourinho disappearing down the tunnel with the draw tucked away inside his voluminous coat . and john terry securing the right to be last image in the show with his enthusiastic shadow-boxing celebration . indeed , by the time sky had tracked down both managers back in the tunnel , it had reverted to the pre-game chill out zone they had created before kick off . reporter patrick davidson’s attempt to get the chelsea manager to bite only proved that jose just wasn’t that hungry . ‘ i have no comment’ , he continued to reply , his face impassive throughout . instead , we got a maths lecture on the points position at the top of the table . and a description of john terry’s performance as ‘ from the moon . ’ mourinho patrols the touchline as the chelsea boss saw his side take another step toward the title . someone had clearly relit those joss sticks , because arsene too failed to take the bait when his head to head to jose was broached . ‘it’s not about me , it’s about my team and my club’ , he smiled , before deftly acknowledging an excellent chelsea side without also paying dues to his opposite number . so in the end , both men effectively breasted the tape together ( although they weren’t exactly holding hands in the process ) , finishing equal first in this particular one . something sky sports spotted early on was the deal , and very wisely chose not to try too hard to shoehorn in melodrama where none existed . and why should they ? after all , everyone will be back next year for more of the same . so what’s the rush ?