while most people are used to hiding chocolate eggs and enjoying dinner with family and friends , easter celebrations in parts of the world can take on a very different appearance . in southern germany , hundreds of people braved the snow for a traditional easter monday procession on horseback , while in slovakia women were doused with buckets of water as part of their weekend celebrations . a similar age-old tradition takes place in hungary , where after being sprinkled with water , the women give the men beautifully coloured eggs in return . scroll down for video . in southern germany , hundreds of horse riders and spectators braved the snow for their traditional easter monday procession . local residents of traustein , dressed in historical costumes , ride through the snow to get blessing for men and beast . the easter horseback parade , known as the georgiritt , is held in traustein , germany and dates back to the 18th century . also part of the celebration in south-east germany is a sabre dance , which symbolises the victory of spring over winter . held in traustein , germany , the easter horseback parade , known as the georgiritt , dates back to the 18th century . despite today 's heavy snow , the bavarian riders , clad in traditional costume , and some 400 horses , took off toward a church in nearby ettendorf to receive blessings . along with the procession , the town in germany 's south-eastern region also stages a sabre dance each year that is meant to symbolise the victory of spring over winter . meanwhile in male trakany , slovakia , more than 550 miles from traustein , men in the community celebrated easter monday by throwing buckets of water at women . in male trakany , slovakia , men throw buckets of water on women as part of the easter weekend celebrations . known as śmigus-dyngus , meaning wet monday , the celebration is held in several other central european countries , such as poland . in the village of cicarovce , men and boys take great delight in pouring water over the local women , clad in traditional clothing , as part of the weekend 's celebrations . other rituals are often included in the celebration , such as reciting verses and holding door-to-door processions . in some communities , the boys dress up as bears . known as śmigus-dyngus , meaning wet monday , the celebration is held in several central european countries , such as poland , the czech republic and hungary . this unusual tradition is almost on the brink of extinction , with only a few villages in slovakia still celebrating easter this way . in nyiregyhaza , hungary , a similar tradition occurs , with young men dressed in folk dress sprinkling water on the village 's local women . in hungary , the ritual is known as vízbeveto , or water plunge monday , and women present the men with coloured eggs in exchange . in nyiregyhaza - about 140 miles from budapest - the tradition takes place while members of the nyirseg dance group perform . unfortunately , the beautiful , yet strange tradition , which may date back to pagan times , is almost on the brink of extinction in slovakia , with only a few small villages still taking part . in nyiregyhaza , hungary - about 140 miles north-east of budapest - young men dressed in folk costumers pour water from buckets on young women while members of the nyirseg dance group perform . the ritual is known as vízbeveto , or water plunge monday , where boys throw water over girls and spank them with pussy willow branches on easter monday , and then the girls return the favour on easter tuesday . however , the several hundred years ' old tradition of the hungarian villages has evolved and now often sees young men sprinkle water on the women , who , in exchange , present the men with brightly coloured eggs on easter monday .