has this brilliant 79th masters got one final twist to reveal come the final round on sunday ? no-one would be surprised following the dramatic events of the third round , when the three biggest names in the sport combined with justin rose to throw the veritable kitchen sink at the cool 21 year old texan jordan spieth . the young american coped so adeptly he gave up just one shot of his five stroke halfway lead and will partner rose in the final round armed with a useful advantage . but there was just enough vulnerability shown in his finish to offer encouragement not only to rose but masters specialist phil mickelson , who will start five behind . spieth is the third player his age to take a healthy lead into the final round . it worked out perfectly for tiger woods in 1997 but not so well for rory mcilroy in 2011 , who collapsed under the pressure over the final nine holes . ‘ i think jordan will cope better than i did because he was in the final group last year , ’ said mcilroy . ‘ i certainly expect him to cope a lot better than i did . ’ jordan spieth carded a double bogey on the 17th but still set a new 54-hole scoring record at the masters . at 16 under par , spieth broke the record shared by ray floyd and tiger woods by a single shot . the other thing spieth has in his favour is that this is the fourth tournament in a row when he has been in the final group in the final round . he won one and finished runner-up in the other two . if he wins , he will go to number two in the world and the rivalry with rory that might dominate golf for the next decade will have begun . spieth looked to have taken the tournament beyond everyone else when he went seven strokes clear with just two holes to play . but while rose finished off with a staggering fifth birdie in his last six holes , spieth was running up his first double bogey of the tournament at the 17th . and at the last there was a horrible fanned approach that threatened to trim the lead to just three , before spieth conjured up a remarkable up and down to give him momentum heading into what promises to be another momentous masters sunday . plucky journeyman charley hoffman lies fourth while woods and mcilroy both shot 68 to be tied fifth and will play together on sunday . but at ten shots off the pace they are surely too far behind . as for rose , the 2013 us open champion has given himself the chance of seizing another major following his astonishing finish . pick of the quintet of birdies came at the par three 16th , where he holed a spectacular bunker shot . ‘ i think it’s important to be in the final group , it’s where you want to be , ’ said the 34 year old englishman . ‘ jordan is obviously playing some very special golf but i have definitely given myself an opportunity . ’ world no 1 rory mcilroy and 14-time major winner tiger woods were in a five-way tie for fifth . finally , the real mcilroy showed upon the par fives at augusta on saturday . what a day we had on saturday . it was as if rose and the big three in terms of charisma had come up with an unspoken pact and declared : ‘ ok , let’s see if this kid jordan is really destined for greatness . ’ for those who thought the runaway halfway leader had merely to turn up to claim the green jacket , we had mcilroy playing like the world number one and tiger confounding the sceptics with a bravura display that made you feel the last 12 months had all been a bad dream . there was the glorious sight of mickelson playing once more like he owns augusta . and then there was rose , who has had a lot of good days at augusta in his ten masters tournaments and now was enjoying one more . how would you like to see all that taking place in your rear view mirror , at this of all courses ? in short , for five simply incredible hours the roars were echoing all over this sacred property and for most of that time they were funnelling in spieth’s direction . this was undoubtedly as severe an examination as you could imagine for a third round . just as well , then , that the creed that has served him so well already during his phenomenal 18 months as a professional just happens to be : ’whenever the heat is on , ensure you focus just that little bit more . ’ and that , for the most part , is just what he did . only at the end did he look like stumbling , but that fabulous up and down at the last kept everything upbeat . tiger woods put on a vintage show , he was astonishing , electric , inspired and charismatic . woods ' girlfriend lindsey vonn showed her support during the third round on saturday . the previous 54 hole standard of 15 under was set by ray floyd in 1976 and woods in 1997 . but the youngest first round leader in masters history and the man who set a new low mark for 36 holes on friday had reached 16 under after a 70 . what made this so impressive was that , for the first time , a few errors crept into his previously immaculate game . during the round he would have three three putts and his first double . when things like this happen here it’s so easy for the mind to unravel but spieth kept his composure . at the par five second that peerless putting stroke rapped home another birdie putt and one more at the sixth . at the treacherous 9th he seemed to have left himself a difficult second shot , from a downhill lie to an elevated green . spieth knocked his approach to 6ft and holed that one as well to turn in 35 shots . in its own way , this was the equal of his spectacular bouts of scoring in the first two rounds . so it continued . the two stringent par fours to start the back nine were safely negotiated before his tee shot to the par three 12th came down 8ft from the flag . you can guess what happened next , and he birdied the 13th as well . he would threeputt the 14th , however – and then came the next test . phil mickelson played like the masters specialist to finish the third round on 11 under . justin rose reeled off five birdies in the last six holes to move into second place on 12 under . as he made his way down the 15th fairway , first mickelson and then rose made amazing birdies at the 16th to send the crowd into raptures . how would he respond ? well , at the 15th he calmly stroked a four iron into the middle of the green for a two putt birdie . best of all was the eight iron he struck to 8ft at the 16th for yet another birdie . mcilroy , woods and mickelson all shot sumptuous front nines of 32 shots . mickelson was wearing a salmon pink shirt in honour of arnold palmer . some of his great attacking play had been delivered wearing just such a colour and mickelson was doing justice to the memory . eight strokes off the pace at the start of play , he’s still in the ball game but will need another magic-filled round today . add mcilroy’s wonderful back nine 31 from friday afternoon to his front nine 32 yesterday , and you would have a round that equalled the course record of 63 . amazing how the switch flipped for him at the halfway point in the second round . so tentative to that point and perhaps a touch nervous with all that was at stake , it was as if he looked at a leaderboard that showed him 17 shots off the lead and a stroke outside the projected halfway cut and decided : ‘ to hell with it , let’s go for it . ’ finally , the real mcilroy showed up on the par fives , those scoring holes that have given him such problems in recent years . an eagle at the 13th on friday was followed by an eagle on the second in his third round . he was off and running . he birdied the long 8th plus the 13th and 15th for his best-ever return on the par fives during a single round at the masters . a poor eight iron to the 16th cost him , however , as a 6ft par putt was dribbled miserably . another bogey at the last as well meant a 68 . and so the likely list of winners stands at just three – spieth , rose and mickelson . it should be some final day . it has been some tournament .