lewis hamilton remains the richest sportsman in britain with a fortune of £88million but wayne rooney has overtaken jenson button to be in second place in the 2015 sunday times sport rich list . formula one world champion hamilton , who lives as a tax exile in monaco , remains on pole position in the list but his fortune has spiralled by £20million on last year . hamilton has his sights on retaining his world championship title after winning three of the first four races of the season , and is set to sign a new contract with mercedes worth £27million a year . lewis hamilton is top of the 2015 sunday times sport rich list with a fortune of £88million . hamilton and actress olivia munn film scenes in rome for zoolander 2 on friday . the scene seems to show the celebrities and fashionistas have gathered to watch zoolander 's latest show . hamilton and munn happily chatted and checked out each other 's phones in between takes . the list was released just hours after hamilton was pictured on the rome set for the filming of comedy sequel zoolander 2 on friday . hamilton was sat front row with olivia munn and busily chatting in between takes for the film which will be released in february 2016 . hamilton is making his first live-action cameo on the big screen having previously lent his voice to disney animation cars 2 . rooney 's overall wealth is up £12million to £72million , and the manchester united and england skipper remains on course to join david beckham as the only british footballer to amass a fortune of more than £100million . rooney 's £300,000-a-week contract with united still has another four seasons to run , and he is just two goals short of sir bobby charlton 's record of 49 goals for england . button is £1million behind rooney and though his net worth has grown by £8million in the past year , he signed a new contract on a reduced salary of around £8 million a year last december . manchester united captain wayne rooney has moved up into second place with wealth of £72m . formula one driver jenson button is just £1m behind rooney with a fortune of £71m . andy murray ( left ) takes up fourth place on the rich list with wealth put at £48m . liverpool captain steven gerrard is in sixth place on £42m , but is £2m behind rio ferdinand . tennis player andy murray is now fourth on the list with wealth put at £48million . the 27-year-old signed a three-year deal with standard life last year and also left the adidas stable to take up a new £15m four-year deal with american clothing brand under armour . rio ferdinand ( £44million ) is ahead of former england team-mate steven gerrard ( £42million ) , while british nba star luol deng , who plays for miami heat , has a fortune of £40million . chelsea manager jose mourinho ( £40m ) is next on the list ahead of arsenal 's arsene wenger ( £38m ) who is tied in 10th position with ryan giggs , the 41-year-old who is now the assistant manager of manchester united . british nba star luol deng ( right ) in action for the miami heat - and his wealth is put at £40m . chelsea manager jose mourinho is in seventh position with £40m , which is £2m more than arsene wenger . 