lucas ( left ) and liverpool captain steven gerrard during sunday 's all-star charity game at anfield . liverpool midfielder lucas leiva is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years after recovering from injury . the brazil international enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late november - which coincided with a marked improvement in the team 's results - until a groin problem in february 's merseyside derby saw him miss 10 games . he was an unused substitute in the defeat by manchester united immediately before the international break , their first in the league since mid-december , but played 90 minutes in sunday 's all-star charity game at anfield . lucas 's return to fitness could not have come at a more opportune moment , with captain steven gerrard suspended for three matches for his sending off against united , and the brazilian is hoping to slot back in seamlessly after injury halted what was turning into a good season personally . ' i was in a very good moment , probably the best moment in the last couple of years , and i had a good run of games , ' he said . ' the beginning of the season was n't good for me because i could n't play much , but as soon as i got back in the team i think i helped a lot . ' i do n't know if stevie 's suspension will change things because the team were playing well , but i need to be ready and there are a lot of games to play and the fa cup as well , so everyone will be needed . ' i need to be ready and if i get a chance again i need to be at the same level i was before i was injured . ' lucas attempts to spoil luis 's suarez 's return to anfield with a tackle in the charity match . fifth-placed liverpool head to arsenal on saturday knowing they can not realistically afford to lose if they are to keep pace with the top four , but in addition to gerrard 's absence they will also be missing centre-back martin skrtel , a virtual ever-present this season , after he was retrospectively banned for standing on united goalkeeper david de gea . ' martin is having a fantastic season again . he has been a very consistent player for us and losing him and stevie is hard to take , but if you want to be successful you ca n't rely on one or two players , ' lucas told liverpoolfc.com . ' both are very important players for us as one can change a game and the other gives us stability at the back , but we have other players as well who can step in . ' it 's always been the case for the group that if someone gets injured then someone will step in and do the job . ' that 's how it should be and we should n't be afraid we do n't have them . ' of course it 's going to be a big miss not having stevie and skrts , but we have to show we can cope for the three games and then we have them back ready to go again . ' lucas 's spoiling in midfield helped liverpool go on an impressive run before christmas . the brazilian is aiming to take advantage of gerrard 's absence in he next three games . lucas rejected the chance to have some time off during the international break in order to make sure he was fully fit for the resumption of the premier league . ' i feel great . leading up to the manchester united game i had a full week of training as well , so it 's been two weeks of full training , ' he said . ' i was available for the manchester united game , but probably was n't able to play the whole game . now i feel 100 per cent . ' of course it 's good to have a few days off , but i was away in brazil while i was having my treatment so it was the right decision to stay here and keep working during the international break . ' if you get too many days off you do n't get the sharpness and the rhythm of the training session and that 's what i was missing . ' i spoke with the staff and they prepared everything for me as well to make me feel as though i 'm in good condition , so it 's looking good and hopefully it will only get better . ' now it 's just a question of getting some minutes and training sessions , so that 's what i need and what i 'm having . ' leading into the arsenal game that 's going to be good , because i will have had three full weeks of training and i 'm looking forward to it . ' 