chelsea can take another step closer towards securing the premier league title when they face arsenal on sunday , and jose mourinho 's side stepped up their preparations for the emirates showdown in training on friday . the league leaders were put through their paces at their cobham training headquarters just a couple of days before a london derby against arsene wenger 's side . mourinho has never lost to wenger in 12 outings , and he will be hoping 13 is not unlucky as well on sunday as his side look to extend their 10-point lead over the gunners . chelsea trained at their base in cobham on friday ahead of their game against arsenal . chelsea 's spanish midfielder prepares to face his former club arsenal at the weekend . didier drogba has an excellent record against arsenal and could start up front . cesc fabregas will make his first return to the emirates , but another of chelsea 's summer signings diego costa is a doubt for the clash due to injury . that would mean didier drogba , who was seen training at cobham on friday , or loic remy could start up front for chelsea at the emirates . at his press conference on friday , mourinho said : ' didier for sure is good , is fine . remy , not for sure . and diego , let 's make a decision tomorrow . chelsea manager jose mourinho takes charge of the training session at cobham on friday . belgian star eden hazard is in line to be named pfa player of the year this weekend . dominic solanke is in reserve , having missed chelsea 's under 21 team match on thursday , and will be on the substitutes ' bench as back-up to drogba if costa is not fit . costa has scored 19 premier league goals this season , including one in the 2-0 win against arsenal in october . but costa has missed the last two matches - wins against qpr and manchester united - after a recurrence of the hamstring problems which have plagued him . ' he 's a very important player for us , but the reality is we are coping with the difficulties of every match without him , ' mourinho added . teenage striker dominic solanke joined the first team for their training session at cobham on friday . youngster solanke with hazard in training ahead of the arsenal game at the emirates . mourinho has never lost to arsene wenger in 12 previous meetings between the pair . ' we played amazingly well during the most part of the season , scoring a lot of goals and controlling games very well through the quality of our possession . ' in the last period we are more strategic , less artistic , but we are having results . i would love diego to be back , but i trust the other people . ' eden hazard was also on target in the autumn home win over arsenal . the belgium playmaker is expected to be crowned pfa player of the year on sunday , but mourinho insists collective honours are more important for hazard . chelsea striker drogba executes a sliding challenge on his team-mate hazard as he tries to win the ball . hazard gets physical with brazilian oscar during the training session on friday at cobham . sport analysts bsports are predicting a tight match , with arsenal slight favourites to beat chelsea . the blues boss also played down the prospect of hazard moving to real madrid after the 24-year-old 's idol zinedine zidane , now a coach at real , lauded him this week . mourinho said : ' we just signed a new contract with him ( until 2021 ) . we did n't put a gun to his head . he had a lot of time to think about it . ' he made a commitment for the future of the team , signing a very good contract . i do n't think he 's interested in going . ' mourinho recently said every player has a price . asked to put a figure on hazard , he said : ' that 's a good question . i have my idea about it . '