police are believed to have identified one of the men behind the jewel heist in hatton garden , as it was revealed the gang could have been inspired by similar robberies in los angeles in the 1980s . officers from scotland yard 's flying squad released images of three suspects on saturday , but refused to release a picture of the supposed ringleader , likely because he has already been identified . meanwhile criminologist richard hoskins said he has identified ' startling similarities ' between the hatton garden raid and novel black echo , by michael connelly . scroll down for video . police are believed to have identified one of the hatton garden raiders after releasing cctv images of the gang as they raided the bank vault over the easter bank holiday . officers released images of three of the men , but refused to release an images of the supposed ringleader , which is believed to be because he has already been identified . the novel was based on real-life bank robbers dubbed ' the hole in the ground gang ' who struck three vaults in la in 1986 and 1987 , and were never caught . in the 1986 robbery , the gang tunneled into a bank vault over a long weekend , triggering alarms on the friday that were not investigated , before raiding safety deposit boxes stored inside the vaults . it was not until the week following the raids that police were called and discovered the robbers had dug into the vault using heavy machinery , in very similar circumstances to the hatton garden raid . criminologist richard hoskins noticed ' striking similarities ' between the hatton garden raid and crime novel black echo , which itself is based on two jewel heists in la in the 1980s . mr hoskins , who also wrote murder novel the boy in the river , told mailonline : ' there is obviously a lot we do n't know about the hatton garden heist , but on the surface they look very similar . ' i think that when the raiders were planning their heist they must have read this book , or researched the robberies in la . ' while the robbery is obviously terrible for the victims , i think everyone can agree that this was a very smart operation , and black echo sets out a very smart way to rob a vault . ' the timeline fits almost exactly , right down to the alarm being set off on a friday and the break in being discovered on a tuesday . ' the hole in the ground gang first struck in 1986 , when they tunneled underneath a first interstate bank located along famous sunset boulevard near hollywood , in la . the gang , believed to number around four or five , made a hole in the wall of a storm drain underneath la 's streets , before tunneling 100ft through the dirt , emerging underneath the bank vault . they then used concrete drills and saws to cut a 20ft-by-25ft hole in the floor of the vault , before clambering through and ransacking the safety deposit boxes . in total they got away with $ 270,000 in cash , along with the contents of 36 deposit boxes , worth up to $ 2.5million . one box contained a sketch of a young girl by henri matisse . the crew had stashed quadbikes underground for a quick escape , but the raid was in fact not discovered until the start of the following week when staff arrived to find the vault ransacked . police then discovered the tunnel , littered with ' an enormous number ' of polystyrene coffee cups , and surmised that the raiders were probably sewer or construction workers who had decided to turn their skills to a sinister new use . nobody was ever traced for the crime , and in 1987 the same group struck again , this time at a bank of america in another la neighbourhood . in both hatton garden and the la raids , the gangs bored into vaults using heavy drills ( pictured ) , broke in over a long weekend , set off an alarm on the friday that was n't checked out , and raided safety deposit boxes . the la raiders became known as the hole in the ground gang , and mr hoskins believes the group who raided hatton garden ( picutred ) must have known about them , or read the book inspired by them . again , the group had used heavy tools to cut their way into a bank vault over the course of a weekend , and again they had set off an alarm on their way in . however , on this occasion police did respond , and they were forced to flee with just $ 89,000 and without cracking a single safety deposit box . it was only afterwards the officers discovered another tunnel underneath union federal savings and loan in beverly hills , suggesting the gang were attempting to hit two vaults at once . mr connelly told the times : ' the black echo was a fictionalised account of a bank heist that occurred in la in september 1987 . it was never solved . ' in the hatton garden raid , the met police have said the raiders broke into the building on the second floor , disabling the lift before lowering themselves down the shaft and breaking into the basement . the men then climbed back up to the ground floor to let other gang members in through a side entrance , before all making their way to the vaults where they drilled their way inside . the raiders then broke into 72 safety deposit boxes , before making their getaway in a white ford transit van parked outside . the diamond-tipped drills were taken from a building site in fetter lane , an eight minute walk from hatton garden , and nobody was ever arrested . police are probing the thefts of several drills in the months before the raid , including two hilti drills that were taken near hatton garden . dci paul johnson ( pictured ) has previously said hilti drills were used in the raid . city of london police also confirmed today that they have passed information to scotland yard about the theft of two hilti drills , the same devices used in the hatton garden raid , in december last year . in another development , the sun has revealed that £80,000 worth of diamond tipped drills were stolen from another site in south london in november , using a van similar to that at hatton garden . andrew royce , of elmcrest diamond drilling , revealed that the equipment could easily be used to cut into a vault , as his firm is often tasked with converting former banks into hotels and housing . cctv from the scene reveals that a white transit van parked outside his business for two minutes in november last year before two hooded men are seen walking past . 