diego simeone is made for england . though his collapse under the weight of a mere brush with david beckham’s boot in 1998 saw him characterised as the antithesis of anglo-saxon values , he is , in reality , more english than the english . for that night in st etienne - almost the last time an england team truly thrilled a global audience at the world cup , even if they did so in defeat – is remembered by simeone for more than his notorious role in beckham’s sending off , which left england down to ten men for most of the match . ' that game was the best international match i 've played in , ' said simeone , remembering the world cup knock out match , which argentina won on penalties after a 2-2 draw . given that he played 106 times for his country that is some compliment . diego simeone is hoping to lead atletico madrid to second successive champions league final . england 's david beckham kicks out at former midfielder midfielder simeone during the 1998 world cup . ' i love playing against the english , ’ simeone added . ‘ they 're so passionate , so aggressive , so committed . they were incredible that night . alan shearer and paul ince were extraordinary . at times it seemed shearer was fighting us on his own . you have to remember they played for 70 minutes with 10 men . ’ and as simeone stalked out on to the pitch at the end of the champions league final last year , in full confrontational mode , seeking out raphael varane , who had kicked the ball at the atletico bench in celebration of real madrid’s 4-1 win , it was hard to not to get the image of the warrior footballer out of your head . there is much more to simeone than that of course . he had come within two minutes of winning that champions league final on a wage bill which was famously less than qpr’s . since that defeat , he has exacted his revenge at every turn . real madrid were beaten in the spanish super cup over two legs , then knocked out of the copa del rey , also over two legs , by atletico , beaten at the bernebeu and then , most spectacularly , beaten 4-0 at the vicente calderon last february . beckham looks towards the referee during the world cup clash between england and argentina . the former england man was shown a red card for lashing out at simeone during the knock-out match . last week the teams drew 0-0 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final ; on wednesday they resume hostilities at the bernebeu . real may be marginal favourites but under simeone , atletico have gone from the side that could never beat real madrid – they hadn’t won for 14 years against them – to the side that ( almost ) never loses to them . what is always unclear to outside observers is how the man famed for his confrontations and aggression became one of the most tactically astute coaches in europe . of course , he always had leadership qualities and undeniable charisma . in his native argentina they always assumed he would be a manager , such was his dominance of the national team as a captain . but his early results were very mixed . he looked innovative and the man to watch at estudiantes , where he was one of the first to use motivational video clips from films to inspire his players . it worked : they chased down boca juniors for the league title even if he was , in those days , criticised for being overly focused on attacking players . at river plate though , it looked as if fighting talk and charisma only got you so far . he finished bottom of the league and had to resign . the atleti boss confronts raphael varane during real madrid 's 4-1 champions league final win last year . simeone speaks to referee bjorn kuipers during the showpiece final at the estadio da luz . he revived his reputation somewhat at catania and racing but when he was given the atletico job in 2011 , it seemed more like the old boys’ network at work – he was an iconic player there in the 1990s – than the result of a meticulous recruitment process scouring the best tactical minds in europe . of course , the success has been unrelenting , with a trophy every year : the europa league in 2012 ; the copa del rey in 2013 , beating jose mourinho’s real in the final ; and the extraordinary feat of wining la liga ahead of barca and real last season . this year he is comfortably-placed for another champions league spot but the title is out of the question . carlo ancelotti though is right to be nervous ahead of wednesday’s quarter final . if there were a team for the big occasion , it is simeone’s atletico . the 44-year-old got the better of chelsea boss jose mourinho during his side 's 3-1 victory at stamford bridge . he makes a habit of out-witting europe’s best minds . it isn’t just ancelotti who has been his victim . mourinho , too , back in that 2013 cup final and then again last season , when atletico stunned chelsea at stamford bridge . having brought the game back to 1-1 and being ahead on away goals , you might have expected simeon’s side to sit back . but they came out for the second half pressing even harder , pushing forwards whenever they could . in effect , simone did precisely what the opposition least expected and were rewarded with a 3-1 win . and yet there is something very english about simeone’s style . it’s not just the frequent use of 4-4-2 , the wide men , the directness of their play at time and the physicality - it’s their fighting spirit which characterises them and which might be stamped : ‘ made in england . ’ it’s why simeone so related to shearer and ince and their performance in that extraordinary 2-2 draw in st etienne . ince , shearer , simeone ; they’re all cast from the same mould . the argentine manager is understandably adored by the atletico faithful despite his team 's combative style . the atletico players circle around simeone as they prepare for the champions league clash against madrid . he’s not about to move , having just signed a new contract with atletico until 2020 and we may never see him in the premier league . the problem for simone is that his english values are no longer fashionable in england . when manchester city choose a new manager , it will be someone who can help to bring tiki taka football to the club , from academy to the first team , under the direction of txiki begiristain . when arsenal appoint , pretty football rather than fighting spirit are likely to be high up the agenda of the new coach . manchester united , now establishment , might baulk at a street fighter as manager , though they had one once before and he didn’t do so badly . he would be adored at liverpool , but it would be another gear change from the brendan rodgers style that the club has embraced . chelsea , too , though falling back on mourinho , also have had the barcelona model in mind and are thought to be unimpressed with simeone . maybe he has simply made too many enemies over the years . but simeone is useful antidote to those who think english football’s traditional strengths have no place in the modern game . perhaps he’s just become too english for the new england . atletico and real madrid drew 0-0 in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final . simeone is tossed in the air by his players as they celebrate their spanish league title last season .