a judge has dismissed stalking and harassment charges filed against an ice cream truck operator who had been accused of trying to run his rival , mr. ding-a-ling , out of their small new york town in a local turf war . prosecutors in fulton county say a judge in gloversville dismissed the charges against joshua malatino this week . malatino and his then-girlfriend , samantha scott of the snow kone joe ice cream truck business were charged in april 2013 after the driver of a mr. ding-a-ling truck said the two had repeatedly harassed and stalked him . scroll down for video . exonerated : a judge has dismissed stalking and harassment charges filed against joshua malatino , seen here with and amanda scott in june 2013 , after a driver of a rival truck claimed they tried to put him out of business . cold war : malatino allegedly offered his rival 's customers free ice cream and boasted that he ' owned the town 's ice cream truck business in gloversville ' . the resolution to the case marks two years of bitter legal battles between malatino , scott and phillip hollister , of mr. ding-a-ling , who the pair were accused of stalking . indeed , when the fractious dispute first came to national attention in 2013 , scott and malatino were accused of chasing hollister 's truck and playing loud music to disrupt his customers . hollister and mr. ding-a-ling said that malatino would shout , ' you do n't have a chance , this is my town ' , while he angrily followed the rival ice cream truck . on another occasion , hollister said that malatino pulled up behind his truck and offered free ice cream to undercut him . embarrassing : the couple were arrested in april 2013 and accused of harassing and stalking another ice cream vendor in the small town in upstate new york . fine : scott 's separate case resulted in her accepting a fine for disorderly conduct . she is no longer with malatino . testing times : amanda scott was reported to be a co-owner in snow kone joe ice cream truck business in gloversville . moving on : samantha scott is no longer with malatino and it is not known if she lives in gloversville anymore . hollister made complaints to police in gloversville and they warned scott and malatino to cease their aggressive actions . the one-time lovers were arrested and charged with harassment and stalking and the town refused to renew his license to sell ice cream . however , ultimately the case was thrown out . the judge in the case said that offering free ice cream was not illegal and their meetings were always accidental . malatino told the times union he never doubted his name would be cleared . ' i 'm happy it 's over and the decision came down in my favor . i think it was ridiculous from day one and felt it was a personal attack against me , ' said malatino . ' my name has been tarnished across the world because this was all over the internet , and it affected my daughter and my family , ' said malatino . scott pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and was given a fine . authorities said the incidents did not meet the legal definitions of harassment .