we know him as ' success kid ' - the toddler with a clenched fist and look of satisfaction who 's become the internet 's most positive meme . but now sam griner is eight years old and is using his online fame to help out his sick dad . his mother , laney griner from jacksonville , florida , set up a gofundme page to raise the $ 75,000 her husband , justin , needs for the kidney transplant and years of subsequent medications . ' please help us reach our goal so that justin may get the pre-treatments and transplant he desperately needs , ' she wrote on the fundraising page . scroll down for video . plea : sammy griner is pictured with his 39-year-old father , justin , who needs a kidney transplant . famous face : sammy is better known as the face of the ' success kid ' meme . his mother snapped the photo - which actually shows him just moments before trying to put sand in his mouth - when he was 11 months . ' his mother died from this disease , please help us write a different story for justin and his son , sam . ' by tuesday afternoon , the page had raised more than $ 38,000 of the goal . although griner initially decided against using the notoriety of ' success kid ' to help raise funds , she eventually spoke to the daily dot about the campaign because of her fears for her husband . justin , 39 , discovered his kidneys were failing before the birth of their son and he now spends about four hours a day , three days a week undergoing dialysis , mrs griner told abc news . he is unable to work and never has energy , she said . the longer he is on the dialysis , the higher the chance that he could develop complications . ' six years on dialysis is getting to be a long time , ' she said . ' it 's wearing on him . ' sign of success : his face has since been used to create the internet 's most positive meme , pictured . grimace : an image shows sammy , who is now eight years old , posing beside a t-shirt bearing his face . the funds will supplement the money medicare puts towards the procedure . the family will also need $ 12,000 for just the first year of medications , although he 'll be on drugs for the rest of his life . it is also not yet clear where the kidney will come from and so the family is also using the gofundme page to ask strangers to see if they could be a match . so far , no friends or family members have proved a match , she told the daily dot , and getting on a list for a deceased donor can take at least five years . ' we certainly prefer a living donor because the prognosis seems to be much better , ' she said . ' we 're certainly not opposed [ to waiting for a donor ] , but obviously , the sooner the better for us all . ' to help raise awareness about her husband 's need for a kidney , she turned to her son for help . mrs griner had snapped the photo of sammy on the beach when he was 11 months old . the image looks as if he is punching the air - but she said he was actually about to put sand in his mouth . close : justin , pictured , discovered his kidneys were failing before sam was born and receives dialysis . appeal : the boy 's mother , laney , said she initially did n't want to use the boy 's famous face to raise funds because she wanted the focus to be on justin , but she said she just wants to see him healthy . she put the photo on her flickr page in 2007 and two years later , she noticed that it was being used for memes before eventually becoming the beloved ' success kid ' meme around 2010 . his face has featured on billboard , tv commercials and t-shirts , which mrs griner called both ' weird ' and ' awesome ' . ' by now , it 's just out there , ' she said . ' what am i going to do ? at least it 's positive . without that happening , how much could i get this recognition about my husband 's kidney transplant ? ' there are more than 100,000 people waiting for a kidney transplant in the u.s. , and of the 29,531 kidney transplants carried out last year , 23,715 were from living donors , according to the organ procurement and transplantation network .