the nation 's first ever set of all-girl quintuplets is ' doing fabulous ' , according to their mother . danielle busby looked tired but ecstatic as she appeared on today for an interview just a week after giving birth . olivia marie , ava lane , hazel grace , parker kate and riley paige are all still in an incubator at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas . but they 're getting stronger every day . ' they 're doing fabulous . they 're so precious and they 're doing really , really well , ' danielle said as she beamed holding her husband adam 's hand . scroll down for video . ecstatic : danielle and adam busby said they are still in shock but delighted a week after the birth . ' it was an emotional downpour ' : danielle described holding the first of her five all-girl babies . a journey ahead : adam admitted it was ' overwhelming ' changing the babies ' because they 're so tiny ' . half a dozen girls : along with their older daughter , blayke ( pictured ) , they now have six girls . delivered in only four minutes via c-section , it is the first time the globe has seen all-girl quintuplets since 1969 . as the girls are still building strength , she has only managed to hold two of them so far . but the experience was phenomenal . ' it was an emotional downpour , ' she said . ' but that feeling when you finally get to hold your baby , there 's no better feeling than that . ' adam admitted the logistics of parenting the five infants , as well as their older daughter blayke , are still a mystery . ' i 'm still getting used to changing them in an incu , ' he explained . ' it 's pretty overwhelming just because they 're so tiny . ' alongside them sat their doctors , who revealed the girls are gearing up for their first breastmilk feeding , which will be a major milestone . and as for the mother , she 's feeling fine . ' surprisingly i feel pretty good ! ' she laughed . ' it 's a bit of a shock ! ' speaking shortly after the birth last week , danielle told khou . ' we are so thankful and blessed . and i honestly give all the credit to my god . ' i am so thankful for this wonderful hospital and team of people here , they truly all are amazing . ' dr alexander reiter , who delivered the babies at 28 weeks and two days , said the prognosis is good . ' danielle is a trooper , and her positive attitude definitely shined through the pregnancy and the delivery , ' said dr reiter to khou . pride : danielle and adam busby with one of their five new little girls at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas after danielle delivered her quintuplets by c-section on april 7 . welcome to the world : babies riley paige and parker kate ( right ) in their nicu incubators at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas . little bit : hazel grace is the smallest of the five little girl 's born and was squished by her sisters inside her mother 's womb during the 28-week pregnancy . sisters : ava lane ( left ) and olivia marie ( right ) sleeping peacefully after being delivered by c-section on april 7 . mom and dad : adam and danielle tend to one of their new daughters . all five girls are doing well and only need minimal amounts of assistance breathing after being born at 7 months last week . dr reiter told khou that he delivered the baby girls with a team of a dozen other medical personnel including seven board-certified neonatologists . so far the quints are doing well and are getting only ' modest support ' to breathe . ' they were all in the appropriate weight range for their gestational age , which is due to their mother 's excellent efforts to have the healthiest pregnancy possible , ' said dr finkowski-rivera to khou . ' they have made a strong start in life , and we are excited to watch them grow and mature . ' born via ivf , the busbys believe that their new quintuplets and three-year-old daughter blayke are their miracles . expanding family : adam and danielle already have a three-year-old daughter , blayke ( pictured ) who they welcomed into the world via ivf therapy after thinking they might not be able to have children . ' never would we have imagined the plan that god had for us in our journey to grow our little family . ' speaking in a video posted to their blog on sunday , the new parents said they were ' overwhelmed and extremely busy ' after their daughters ' births . ' riley paige is the feisty one , always kicking around , always punching around and she is pretty much typically that way , ' said danielle . ' parker , who was on my upper side on my right side , is just so relaxed . she is content and calm . ' hazel , is the little bit . she was squished the whole time , so she loves to just keep her arms by her face , just so cute . she has a full head of blonde hair . ' the twins , olivia marie , ava lane are getting a little fesity and have a wild streak . ' ' they are all doing pretty well . ' ready to pop : danielle gave birth two days after the picture ( left ) and ( right ) is prepping for her pre-arranged c-section with her husband adam . meet your new sister : blayke is introduced to one of her five new sisters by mother danielle at the hospital over the weekend . beaming dad , adam said that the main thing for him and the medical team was to keep a careful eye on his little girls over the coming weeks . ' we are gon na need to monitor them , ' said adam on the blog , itsabuzzworld , that he and danielle have used to document the pregnancy . when big sister blayke met her new siblings , the busby 's said their hearts felt like bursting . ' it was so cute , she had her little ' big sister ' shirt on , ' said danielle . ' we prepared her to see all the tubes in the nicu but she was so great . ' ' she did so well and just smiled . she did n't really say much but she just smiled . ' peek-a-boo : peering into one of the nicu incubators , blayke stares at her new sister riley at the woman 's hospital of texas . looking forward , the busby 's admitted the future is going to fun , but tough . ' this week will be an interesting transition , ' said adam . ' we have a lot of changes coming up in the next few days ... .trying to work out what our new norm is going to be . ' to help with the challenges ahead of them , the busby 's have set up a gofundme page . ' one big item that we are going to have to be looking for in the coming weeks is a van , ' write adam and danielle . ' we do n't have a vehicle big enough to bring them home . we are looking at our options , but the nissan nv passenger van and ford transit wagon are on the top of the list so far . '