with just two weekends of football league action to play , and one in the conference , it is crunch time for a number of clubs . some are fighting for promotion and some relegation , but this saturday could see a number of ups and downs in english football . here , sportsmail 's guide takes you through the permutations in the championship , league one , league two and the conference . watford can be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth or middlesbrough lose and norwich fail to win . rotherham 's desire to stave off relegation to league one has been made more difficult by a points deduction . steve mcclaren will be desperate to manage in the premier league again ; derby can secure a play-off spot . championship . watford ( away to brighton ) will be promoted if they win and one of bournemouth ( home to bolton , monday ) or middlesbrough ( away to fulham ) lose and norwich ( away to rotherham ) fail to win . derby ( away to millwall ) will make sure of a play-off place if they win . ipswich ( home to nottingham forest ) will make sure of a play-off place if they win and both brentford ( away to reading ) and wolves ( away to wigan ) fail to win . the situation at the bottom is complicated by rotherham 's three-point deduction for fielding an ineligible player . if rotherham win , wigan will be relegated if they fail to win . if rotherham win , millwall will be relegated if they lose . league one . preston ( home to swindon ) will be promoted if they win and mk dons ( away to rochdale ) lose . sheffield united ( away to leyton orient ) and chesterfield ( home to bristol city ) will be guaranteed play-off places with wins or if rochdale fail to win . leyton orient ( home to sheff utd ) and notts county ( home to doncaster ) will be relegated if they lose and crewe ( away to coventry ) win and crawley ( away to peterborough ) avoid defeat . colchester ( away to fleetwood ) will be relegated if they lose and crewe and crawley win and port vale ( away to yeovil ) avoid defeat . jermaine beckford ( left ) and daniel johnson celebrate ; preston can be promoted if they win and mk dons lose . burton albion have already been promoted but they can secure champion status this weekend . league two . already-promoted burton ( home to northampton ) will be champions if they win and shrewsbury ( away to cheltenham ) fail to win . shrewsbury will be promoted if they win or if one of wycombe ( home to morecambe ) or southend ( home to luton ) fails to win . stevenage ( home to carlisle ) will guarantee a play-off place if they win or if one of plymouth ( home to tranmere ) or luton fails to win . tranmere will be relegated if they lose and if one of hartlepool ( home to exeter ) or cheltenham win . tranmere will also be relegated if they fail to win and hartlepool win . cheltenham will be relegated if they lose and hartlepool win . ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... conference . barnet ( home to gateshead ) will be promoted as champions if they win . bristol rovers ( home to alfreton ) will be promoted as champions if they win and barnet fail to win . eastleigh ( home to kidderminster ) and forest green ( home to dover ) will guarantee play-off places if they win or if macclesfield ( away to torquay ) fail to win . macclesfield need to win and hope either eastleigh lose or forest green fail to win . barring a 14-goal swing , alfreton will be relegated if they lose . welling ( home to southport ) will be relegated if they lose and alfreton draw or if they draw and alfreton win . southport will be relegated if they lose and alfreton win by reversing an eight-goal goal-difference deficit . it is make or break for bristol rovers boss darrell clarke this weekend - they can be promoted as champions .