us authorities have confirmed that the highly toxic pesticide methyl bromide caused a delaware family to become seriously ill at a u.s. virgin islands resort , and that the chemical was used at the resort several times in the past year , officials said tuesday . the us environmental protection agency said it is contacting people including employees at sirenusa resort in st. john to determine how many others might have been exposed to the pesticide . it was banned for indoor residential use in 1984 . ' methyl bromide is a potent neurotoxin , so it really affects your central nervous system , ' epa regional administrator judith enck said in a telephone interview . steve esmond and his wife , dr theresa devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay at the sirenusa condominium resort on the island of st. john . the esmond family had rented a second-floor condominium at sirenusa , a resort of 22 villas , late last month . steve esmond and his wife , dr theresa devine , and their two teenage sons fell seriously ill during their stay on the island of st. john . the family were airlifted to separate hospitals in philadelphia suffering major respiratory trauma . sean , 16 , and ryan , 14 , were in critical condition . the family attorney james maron confirmed the two parents are recovering but their two sons are in critical condition . james maron , the family 's lawyer , said the boys were in ' rough shape ' . ' the family are all fighters , ' he told wpbf news . ' they 're fighting for everything right now . i understand it 's a long recovery . ' the us justice department has opened a criminal investigation . sean , 16 , ( pictured ) and his 14-year-old brother ryan remain in comas two weeks after being hospitalized . enck said the pesticide was used march 28 on the condominium 's first floor , and agents are trying to determine how much was employed . she said the epa found that methyl bromide was used at other sirenusa units in the past year , but declined to say how many , citing the investigation . sea glass vacations llc , which rents units at sirenusa , said in a statement it has terminated its contract with terminix and the townhome under investigation is unoccupied . ' we are sending our thoughts and prayers to the family impacted by this tragic incident , ' the company said . ' we remain committed to full cooperation with all local and federal authorities . ' terminix spokesman pete tosches said in a statement that the company is conducting its own investigation and is cooperating with authorities . ' we 're committed to performing all work we undertake in a way that is safe for our employees , customers and the public , ' he said . the family was staying at the $ 875-a-night sirenusa condominium resort on st. john in the us virgin islands . enck said the epa is awaiting results of air and wipe samples taken from the condominium . maron said esmond , who is an administrator of the private tatnall school in wilmington , is conscious but unable to move . devine , a dentist , was treated and released from the hospital and is currently in occupational therapy . the tatnall school , where sean was a star lacrosse player , posted on their facebook page that they had the middle school students write get wall cards for esmond and his family . ' the entire tatnall community continues to direct its supportive energy toward the esmonds and asks that everyone keep the family in their thoughts and prayers during this difficult time . ' on friday the us environmental protection agency said preliminary tests showed there was ' a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying ' . tuition at the tatnall school can range from $ 20,000 to $ 25,000 a year . methyl bromide , which is odorless , can be fatal or cause serious damage to the central nervous system and respiratory system , according to the epa . it is acutely toxic , and only permitted to be used outdoors by certified professionals in the us . sea glass vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at sirenusa condominium resort , said the unit where the family was staying was not treated with a pesticide , but rather the unit immediately below their suite . maron said when paramedics arrived at the villa esmond was found unconscious . 