a bride-to-be who lost eight stone when she fell for a turkish toyboy during a beach holiday , has sworn to remain single after finding out he was two-timing her with another woman . karen reidy , 40 , from manchester , thought she had found her soulmate when she met sakir candan , 12 years her junior , on holiday in marmaris in 2012 . but the hotel worker 's dream romance turned sour when she discovered on facebook that he had been cheating on her for several months . karen met sakir on a break after her mother 's death and went on to lose eight stone in weight . karen slimmed from a size 22 ( left ) to a size 12 ( right ) and showed off her new look during their relationship . karen first met sakir in september 2012 . her mother had recently died and she booked the holiday to help her through her grief . she met sakir , then 26 , working on a jeep safari and the two clicked immediately . karen said : ' sakir was younger than me but i really fell for him . he was charming and looking back , i was vulnerable after my mum 's death . ' after returning home , the pair kept in daily contact . ' he messaged me constantly and sent cards , telling me how much he missed me , ' she said . ' he sent me little love notes signed spartacus or emre - his nicknames . ' their relationship continued , with karen flying out to see sakir every couple of months and the pair holidayed around europe , backpacking in the baltics and macedonia . eighteen months after meeting sakir proposed to karen with a ring engraved with his name . karen reidy was heartbroken when she discovered that younger man sakir had been cheating . karen said : ' i paid for everything ; our flights and our hotels and all our spends . sakir was a shopaholic and i bought him shoes , clothes and a new phone . ' looking back of course i was a fool , but i was in love . ' sakir came from a poor family . we were planning a life together so it seemed natural for us to share what money we had . ' the only thing sakir ever bought me was a souvenir cup for my 40th birthday - and i later discovered he had bought the same cup for his other woman . ' in between her trips to see sakir , karen worked six days a week in a hotel and saved every penny . ' as well as paying for our holidays , i lent sakir money too . i regularly wired cash over to him , £500 here and there . but i believed that he would pay me back , ' she said . the long-distance romance also had a dramatic effect on her figure as she slimmed from a dress size 22 to a size 12 , in a bid to impress her new love . she said : ' i did n't even eat - i lost eight stone i was so love-sick . i went from 19 stone to 11 stone and dropped ten dress sizes . ' the couple 's favourite place was a macedonian town called ohrid , where they visited together . karen says : ' sakir told me we would live there together and open our own business . the holiday was so romantic . sakir would regularly send romantic notes to karen by post while she was away from turkey . after discovering that sakir had cheated karen found out that both she and his other woman had been given the same souvenir mug from istanbul that had been purchased in a bogof deal . ' but i later found out he had sent a postcard from there , which i had paid for , to his other woman . i was speechless at the level of deception . ' in autumn 2013 , sakir proposed with a ring , engraved with his name . and in february last year , they began planning their future with sakir arranging for karen to meet his family , in preparation for their wedding . but when she arrived home , she got a message from a stranger claiming that she had been seeing sakir for several months . as well as regular visits , karen had been transferring hundreds of pounds to turkey . karen said : ' i did n't believe it at first . but when i went on her facebook page , there was sakir , wrapped around her - wearing a shirt i had bought for him ! ' i was devastated . ' the two women struck up an unlikely friendship , exchanging details about their relationship with sakir . karen - who said she was ' heartbroken ' and that sakir was her ' whole world ' - also learned that they had both been given the same souvenir cup from istanbul . karen said : ' when she showed me a photo of the cup , my jaw dropped . he had bought me the exact same cup for my birthday . ' a furious karen confronted sakir and he admitted everything - even confessing he had bought the two cups in a buy-one-get-one-free offer . karen says : ' it would be funny if i was n't so broken-hearted . sakir has ripped out my heart and ripped off my wallet . ' karen estimates she spent around £7,000 on sakir but although he promised to pay back the cash he borrowed , she has not received a penny . karen made a trip to turkey to confront sakir about the money but left empty handed . she said : ' i paid for everything the whole time we were together . i bought him clothes , shoes and a bike and i lent him cash countless times . ' karen said : ' it all came crashing down around me . i suddenly saw what an idiot i had been . my family and friends had been right all along . ' heartbroken karen has now pledged to be single . she also claimed sakir has other love interests . she said : ' i 've done some digging and found a third woman who says he was after her too . he is such a rat . ' the heartbroken blonde recently returned to marmaris to confront sakir about the money he allegedly owed her and why he lied to her but she said ' he had no answers ' . ' i went out every night partying and having fun and i bumped into him , one evening , with my friends . ' he had the cheek to tell me how great i looked and i said : `` that 's because i 'm rid of you '' . ' i did n't waste my holiday though . i had a wonderful time , sunbathing and partying . he 's in the past . but i will never have another holiday romance . ' the only thing i brought home from turkey this time was a sun tan and a new tattoo . ' sakir candan admitted that he had been in relationships with both the women . he claimed karen is stalking him and denied she had sent him money .