a family overheard a terrifying message on their young son 's baby monitor after the device and its camera were hacked . when the washington couple 's three-year-old had first began complaining of someone talking to him at night , his parents had put it down to their toddler 's over-active imagination , reported cbs new york . that was until one night when they heard a strange man 's voice come over the monitor to tell their son : ' wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you . ' a couple heard the terrifying message : ' wake up little boy , daddy 's looking for you ' come through their 3-year-old son 's baby monitor ( stock image ) . and the horrified parents , who do not want to be named for fear the unknown man could track them down , believe it is not just the audio monitor that has been hacked . they believe the stranger has also got into the camera on the device . after the first creepy message , the boy 's mother had walked into the room and overheard the hacker saying , ' look someone 's coming ' or ' someone 's coming into view . ' the mother said she broke down in tears after the realization hit home that a total stranger was able to control the camera to watch their son and spy on them . the stranger had managed to hack the baby monitor and the family says the hacker was even able to remotely control the camera on the monitor ( stock image ) . she told cbs new york : ' well , i started to cry in there , because it all started coming back to me , and i started figuring things out . ' they reported the incident to foscam , the company where they bought their monitor , who admitted it was possible the device 's cameras were being controlled remotely but they could not say from where . technology experts have now warned that it is becoming easier for hackers to infiltrate family 's baby monitors as many of the newer devices connect to the internet . ' it 's basically like they 're standing next to you in your house , ' lance ulanoff , chief correspondent for the digital media website mashable , cbs . he warned that parents should change the passwords on the devices to make it more difficult for people to guess . because some new baby monitors connect to the internet and come with a smartphone app , it has become easier for hackers to infiltrate them and listen in or speak to children . ' if somebody else has your login information , they can go to that same app , and log into your webcam , which is what happened here , ' ulanoff said . earlier this month , another couple - this time from rochester , minnesota - discovered their baby monitors and cameras had been infiltrated after they found footage from the nanny cam posted online , according to redbook . they first became suspicious after they heard music coming in from their baby 's room . ' we were sleeping in bed , and basically heard music coming from the nursery , but then when we went into the room the music turned off , ' she told kttc . when she tracked down the ip address which was streaming the music , she found a web link to a page with thousands of pictures from baby monitors all over the world , including several from her own child 's nursery . ' there 's at least fifteen different countries listed and it 's not just nurseries—it 's people 's living rooms , their bedrooms , their kitchens , ' she explained . ' every place that people think is sacred and private in their home is being accessed . ' 