lesley conman 's daughter abbie , 12 , was sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook . two mothers have slammed police for failing to act after their daughters were targeted by an online predator . both lesley conman and kerry green 's young daughters were sent sexualised messages by an online pervert on facebook - but police refused to investigate as no offence had been committed . ms conman 's daughter abbie , 12 , was sent a message by the man after accepting a friend request from someone pretending to be a 17-year-old boy . after the horrified mother saw the provocative messages , she challenged the man herself , pretending to be abbie . ms conman , 34 , from hull , said : ' there were four or five messages that he sent , before he actually blocked me . i think i scared him . ' you can only find my daughter on facebook if you have a mutual friend and this guy was friends with 100 of her school friends , so she thought he was from school . ' after tackling the pervert , lesley posted the messages on her own account to warn other parents of the dangerous predator . she said : ' i shared it because i would say 90 per cent of my daughter 's school were on his profile and he was talking to her friends and his profile had about 300-400 friends and they were all under 15 . ' in the case of ms green 's daughter emily , 13 , the sick man threatened to post explicit pictures on her facebook wall - which all of her friends would have then seen - if she did not play along with his sordid messages . the pictures were not of emily , but it is thought that he planned to post them online as if they were her . ms green , from north newbald , east yorkshire , said : ' when i first saw the messages i flipped out , but i did n't to play the role of a paedophile hunter and lead him on because i did n't want him to think that my daughter was interested in him in anyway at all . ' ms conman challenged the man ( pictured left and writing in grey ) when she found the messages on abbie 's facebook ( abbie 's messages in blue ) . after the horrified mother saw the provocative messages , she challenged ( in blue ) the man ( writing in grey ) herself , pretending to be abbie . both mothers contacted humberside police but the force did not take any action on either occasion . ms conman was told that no offence had been committed so officers could not do anything about the messages . she said : ' i felt disgusted by it . if nothing is done then surely we are sending a message out to these men that this is acceptable . ' ms green , who says the police never responded to her complaint , said : ' it was upsetting and annoying . i understand they ca n't follow up everyone of these case because it takes a lot of time , but if they did chase them up there would be less of them . ' both mothers admitted that they do not like their daughters being on facebook , but they 'd rather allow it than running the risk of the girls setting up a secret account . a humberside police spokesman said : ' unfortunately , there are people out there that do want to engage with people who are younger than themselves . ' young people can help themselves by not engaging with them . parents have a role to play in it , children have a role to play in it and we have a role to play in it once a crime has been committed . ' we are aware of mrs green 's complaint and we have taken it seriously and given her advice as to how to prevent this happening in the future . ' 