ronald koeman insists southampton 's goals have dried up due to their barclays premier league rivals giving them more respect . saints have slipped out of the champions league places and into seventh following a run of three defeats in their last six games ahead of saturday 's home clash with hull . koeman blames the slump on a lack of goals but rather than looking to his strikers for fault , he believes a change in approach from opponents has been the telling factor . ronald koeman feels southampton have found it hard to score due to opponents respecting them more . southampton striker graziano pelle ( centre ) has struggled to reproduce his form from the start of the season . pelle ( left ) is tackled by john stones in southampton 's 1-0 defeat by everton at goodison park . ' it 's not in my opinion a problem about one player - just look at the last few games , ' koeman said . ' even when we play away - for example last weekend against everton - teams do n't care about playing football at home , they defend . that is different to the beginning of the season . ' now opponents do n't care how they play against southampton , they 're happy to defend and they 're concerned about getting points . at this point of the season , points are more important for them . ' we are not always scoring lots of goals and that 's the difference . we are not getting the space we had in the beginning . ' it makes it more difficult because then there is not really a lot of space . liverpool played with three centre-backs but with five defenders against southampton , and hull normally play with five defenders . ' that means there is not a lot of space , so you have to play very well or you need a player who makes an individual action and scores a goal . ' but those types of individual , high-quality players are not playing for southampton . ' koeman remains upbeat and is targeting european qualification with southampton this season . koeman believes southampton 's champions league dream is over , but still covets a place in the europa league . ' you have to be realistic . the difference to the top four is eight points and that is a lot . the focus at the moment has to be about fifth , sixth and seventh position in the table , ' he sad . ' we would like to play european football and fifth and sixth positions mean european football . ' 