she was the pregnant teenager who horrifically murdered her american socialite mother in a wealthy balinese resort and heartlessly stuffed the half-naked body in a suitcase . heather mack , 19 , brutally killed sheila von wiese-mack with the help of her boyfriend in august and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale st. regis bali resort . mack avoided the death penalty last week when a judge sentenced her to 10 years , a relatively light sentence that took into consideration her need to care for her newborn . mack was photographed after her sentencing celebrating in her jail cell by getting drunk off alcohol smuggled to her in a sprite bottle . in contrast , australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran have spent the past decade on death row after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from bali to australia in 2005 . scroll down for video . heather mack , 19 , avoided the death penalty last week after brutally killing her mother with the help of her boyfriend in august and dumped the bloody suitcase in a taxi outside the upscale st. regis bali resort . meanwhile muyran sukumaran and andrew chan were executed on wednesday after they were convicted of trying to smuggle heroin from bali to australia back in 2005 . the bali nine ringleaders spent 10 years in kerobokan prison working to reform themselves with chan now an ordained christian minister and sukumaran being an accomplished artist . despite their clear rehabilitation , chan and sukumaran were shot dead by a firing squad early on wednesday morning . the differences in the sentences in the two cases left many people wondering about the fairness of the decisions . ' outcomes of the criminal justice system must reflect the seriousness of the case , ' barrister and president of the australian bar association , fiona mcleod , told daily mail australia . photographers say 19-year-old heather mack was drinking alcohol from a sprite bottle behind bars in bali immediately after her sentence was handed down . the 19-year-old brutally killed sheila von wiese-mack with the help of her boyfriend in august and dumped the bloody suitcase ( pictured ) in a taxi outside the upscale st. regis bali resort . should australia respect indonesia 's decision to execute myuran sukumaran and andrew chan ? should australia respect indonesia 's decision to execute myuran sukumaran and andrew chan ? now share your opinion . ' in all cases the outcome in terms of punishment should reflect the seriousness of the crime . ' speaking ahead of the executions , ms mcleod said indonesia had issued a blanket statement about executing all drug smugglers on death row without considering individual circumstances . 'it’s such a sledgehammer . the death penalty is cruel and excessive in all circumstances , ' she said . ' we know that these two australians have reformed and are excellent examples of what is possible with appropriate terms of imprisonment and rehabilitation . ' these are two different men today , 10 years after they entered prison in indonesia . they are living examples of what rehabilitation and hope can achieve . ' imprisonment commensurate with the crime is an appropriate response . we remain firmly opposed to the death penalty in any country , for any crime . ' the families of the condemned men endured harrowing goodbyes with the two australian men in last visits in prison on tuesday . sukuraman 's sister , brintha , could not stifle her wails as she made her way through the crowds of people outside the gates of the port where they embarked for the prison . moments later , chan 's mother helen arrived outwardly sobbing and had to be carried away from the media scrum as police officers led the family through the crowd . the bali nine ringleaders spent 10 years in kerobokan prison working to reform themselves with chan becoming a priest and sukumaran being an accomplished artist . the date of the executions - april 29 - became official when a local funeral director in cilacap was instructed to inscribe the names of those to be shot by firing squad and the date of their deaths . myuran sukumaran ( pictured ) and andrew chan were transported from bali 's kerobokan prison where they had been for a decade to besi prison on indonesia 's ' death island ' for their execution . andrew chan was pictured here on board a flight from bali to cilacap ahead of their execution . sukuraman 's sister , brintha , is supported as she is escorted through the crowd towards the port gates to say what could be the final goodbye on tuesday . sukuraman 's mother raji ( centre ) cries as she arrives at the port authority office at cilacap for a last visit with her son . michael chan ( centre , in green ) brother of andrew chan , makes his way through the media to the port authority office before travelling to nusakambangan island . mack , from chicago , avoided the death penalty last week after a judge granted her leniency on the grounds that she 's a new mother and needs to take care of her infant daughter stella . ' her newborn baby badly needs a mother 's love and breastfeeding , ' the verdict said . she was sentenced alongside her boyfriend tommy schaefer for killing her mother and stuffing her half-naked body in a suitcase at their bali hotel . schaefer got 18 years , while mack was handed 10 . prosecutors have vowed to appeal and pursue a tougher sentence for the teenager mother . jailed : heather mack and tommy schaefer pictured with their daughter in a prison bus after the court hearings . tearful : heather mack was sentenced to 10 years in jail for the murder of her mother sheila von wiese-mack . motherhood : mack is allowed to keep her baby in prison with her for two years and she says she could n't bare to give up her one-month-old .   