luke shaw thought he had done ok as he walked off the old trafford pitch at half-time during manchester united’s fa cup tie against arsenal last month . steady , nothing special , but he felt invigorated all the same . the score was 1-1 and shaw , returning to the team for the first time since united’s defeat at swansea city in february , had kept arsenal flyer alex oxlade-chamberlain reasonably quiet . shaw was growing into that famous red shirt , getting stronger down the left flank as this fiery sixth-round tie against arsene wenger’s team wore on . luke shaw thought he had done ok against arsenal in the fa cup but he was substituted at half time . louis van gaal substituted the £28million defender , telling shaw that he was not fit enough to play for united . shaw has not played since and was withdrawn from the recent england squad as he struggles at united . shaw 's stats for the season show how he has struggled to hold down a regular place at left back with united . what happened next will ultimately shape his career as a united player . louis van gaal substituted the £28million defender , telling shaw that he was not fit enough to play for united , and replaced him with phil jones for the second half . arsenal went on to win 2-1 and getting dragged off at half-time was another blow to shaw’s fragile self-esteem . he has not played since , withdrawn by van gaal from the england squad for games against lithuania and italy because of question marks over his fitness . his position at united has been taken by daley blind , shuffled across from the centre of midfield as united went on a winning run against tottenham , aston villa , liverpool and manchester city . shaw is struggling to come to terms with his new life , turning to united’s psychologist to declutter his mind and reboot just nine months into his career at old trafford . shaw is struggling to come to terms with his new life and has turned to united 's psychologist of late . shaw had kept alex oxlade-chamberlain reasonably quiet in the fa cup clash but van gaal was unimpressed . there are serious concerns , particularly because his parents have spoken to the club about a lack of structure and support for their teenage son . they have every right to do so . cash is king in football and we sometimes forget to look beyond the £28m fee united paid southampton ( £15m up front ) and a five-year contract worth an eye-watering £90,000 a week . shaw was 19 in july , returning from england’s disastrous world cup in brazil , where he started the final group game against costa rica , to meet up with his new united team-mates . initially he lived in the lowry hotel , joined by his parents as he began a period of adaptation in a new city . he has since moved into a house in the suburbs . earlier this week he hinted at some of the difficulties he has faced , awarding himself a c minus for his first season during an interview with match of the day magazine . at united , shaw has found a manager in van gaal who has very specific and exacting demands of his players . van gaal has led united up the table and they crowned the recent good form with a win over manchester city . he was assigned a dietitian and given nutritional advice as he adjusted to life as the most expensive teenage footballer in the history of the game . at southampton he had been ordered to eschew the glasses of cola and sticky food , told to mature into his physique as he grew into a man’s body . he needs discipline and constant , caring reminders from the coaches . those close to him explain that shaw needs pastoral advice , that he responds positively when he feels close to the coaches and playing staff . at the age of 16 , when chelsea made an official offer for shaw in his breakthrough season at saints , his head was so scrambled by the prospect of joining his boyhood team that he had to be taken out of the southampton line-up . in the dog-eat-dog world of united , where it is a constant fight for survival after last season’s disappointing finish , he has yet to establish those strong bonds . last season he often spent time in mauricio pochettino’s office after training , sitting with the former southampton manager as they discussed different areas of their lives . mauricio pochettino spent a lot of time with shaw to help make him feel at home at southampton last season . pochettino teased the best out of a player who went on to make his england debut at the age of 18 . the club worked out that he was travelling back to his parents’ home near cobham , surrey , by monitoring his twitter account and looking at the times he posted messages on social media . with pochettino there was a real , almost paternal warmth to their relationship as the manager teased the best out of a player who went on to make his england debut at the age of 18 . to put shaw’s extraordinary rise into perspective , kenny sansom , perhaps england’s classiest and finest left back , had to wait until he was 20 to make his debut for the national team . shaw’s life has changed , moving away from the bosom of his family in surrey for the demands and challenges at a club where the spotlight is intense . he is a sensitive young man . it had been hoped that van gaal would show some patience with shaw when his appointment at united was confirmed , particularly after his champions league success at ajax in 1995 . marc overmars ( 22 ) , michael reiziger ( 22 ) and clarence seedorf ( 19 ) all started the 1-0 victory over milan in the final in vienna , with striker patrick kluivert ( 18 ) named on the bench . van gaal's champions league success at ajax in 1995 saw him include young players in his starting xi . at the 2014 world cup with holland , van gaal had notable success with 20-year-old memphis depay . more recently , at the 2014 world cup with holland , van gaal had notable success with 20-year-old memphis depay , who was named on the three-man shortlist for the best young player at the tournament . but what shaw found at united was a manager who has very specific and exacting demands . before van gaal conceded defeat and reverted to a back four , shaw had been playing in the unfamiliar role of wing back . the transition has many similar characteristics to gareth bale’s first couple of seasons with spurs . both are real home boys . shaw 's position at united has been taken by daley blind , shuffled across from the centre of midfield . the former southampton man is learning to deal with the attention at one of the biggest football clubs around . shaw longs for the days when he could stay behind after training with pochettino , where the argentinian coach would team up with one of the other young players for a light-hearted game of head tennis . it was at southampton , under the guidance of pochettino and the former executive chairman nicola cortese , where shaw’s career flourished . the well-being of the boy was top priority . he is a united player now , learning to deal with the attention at one of the biggest football clubs in the world . at such a young age , he needs all the help he can get . 