a woman who notoriously flashed her k-cup breasts on google street view has been charged by police with disorderly behaviour . karen davis , from port pirie in south australia , was captured streaking by a camera car for the popular google maps app , which allows users to zoom in on certain streets and towns in cities all over the world with a 360-degree view . police released a statement alleging the 38-year-old mother ' pursued ' the google car to make sure she was captured exposing herself , and that it was an illegal act . karen davis ( pictured ) from port pirie has caused controversy after a picture appeared on google maps street view showing her bearing her size-k breasts . ' the woman’s actions were the same as someone flashing their genitals and the public expectation is that we take action , ' said superintendent scott denny of port pirie police . ' recently in port pirie we arrested a man for exposing himself in public - this incident is no different , ' he said . ' it is not appropriate for anyone to expose themselves in public places . our community should be able to expect a bit of decency . ' ms davis will be summonsed to appear in the port pirie magistrates court at a date to be determined . in the image , ms davis can be seen holding her arms up in the air with her t-shirt hunched up around her neck bearing her breasts , as she follows the google camera cars around the street . her sons are playing in the background and an unknown man stands at the fence watching . across the road , a neighbour is lounging on her outdoor furniture , watching the whole thing unfold . the 38-year-old , who plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday , has hit back at the controversy over her actions , claiming that 'flat-tittie chicks ' are not confident enough with their own bodies and should focus on how they look . ms davis had issues with her size-k breasts in her 20 's and is finally ready to embrace them and she plans to skydive topless for her 40th birthday . the mother says she is happy the picture appeared online and thought it was funny . speaking to daily mail australia , ms davis was in tears over the nasty comments coming from her community after she was branded a ' bad mother ' and ' pure filth ' for her raunchy behaviour . ' they are narrow-minded people who are not happy with their own bodies , ' she said . posting on her facebook account , ms davis addressed the fact that she pursued the car through barry street in port pirie until they got the perfect shot and believes locals are jealous of her antics . ' haters hate , you got the guts to do it ? ' she posted on facebook after the photo went public . ' all the flat-tittie chicks think i am disgusting . big-boob envy has hit port pirie . ' taking to facebook , disgusted commenters attacked ms davis ' parenting skills after it became clear that her two sons were in the background of the picture . ms davis criticised 'flat-tittie chicks ' and claimed they needed to focus on their own bodies . ' i 'm sure your children will be proud of their mother that is probably going to cause them a lot of embarrassment , ' one facebook commenter said . ' oh goodness . ca n't even begin to imagine how her children are feeling , ' another user said . however a select few came out in support of ms davis 's show on google maps . ' let her go , she 's having some fun , pirie people need to lighten up a bit . if more lovely ladies would get them out more often the world would be a much happier place , ' one commenter said . ms davis told daily mail australia that she thought the act would be funny and that it was an item she has now ticked off her bucket list . she also said that she has a friend in the united kingdom and she thought it would brighten up his day if he saw the image online . ' i have a friend in the uk . if he looks on there he will smile , ' she said . ms davis was n't sure that the photo would make it on to google maps but she said she is delighted that it did . ' i think maybe some need to start their own bucket list and leave mine alone , ' she said . while ms davis enjoyed herself bearing her breasts on the street , her neighbour sat on her lounger watching from next door . she also revealed that since the photo has been released she has attracted a whole host of new friend requests on facebook . many young men have tried to befriend her but she has not accepted any of them . ms davis said she has only learnt to embrace her size-k breasts in the last few years after spending her youth hiding them away . ' i always got picked on and it was n't until late in my 20 's that i became confident in myself , ' she said . she also revealed that she has to buy her bras online from the uk as they do not make size-k bras in australia . ' it would be nice if they made my size bra in australia , ' she said . ms davis said that she would do it all again , even considering the backlash the image has received . ' it 's my life not theirs , ' she said . ' when you point your finger at me , you have 4 pointing back at yourself . ' some people online have suggested that she should be formally charged for her display but she has contacted the police who have confirmed that they have ' no concerns ' .