demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight champion title on saturday night , controlling kyoji horiguchi for nearly the entire five-round bout before scoring the latest submission win in ufc history - tapping out his opponent with a second left . ' i did n't want to be stupid and get knocked out , ' johnson said . ' i had 25 minutes . i just took my time , and with 1 second left , i figured i better finish him . ' demetrious johnson retained his ufc flyweight title with a win over kyoji horiguchi in montreal . johnson celebrates after a successful defence of his title at th bell centre in canada on saturday . the american secured a submission victory over horiguchi in the latest ufc pay-per-view event . horiguchi was dangerous in the opening round , as his blend of unorthodox , karate-based movements and impressive speed gave the champ some pause in the early going . but the japanese contender was unable to truly capitalize on the opportunities , and it would cost him . johnson ( 22-2-1 ) simply took over in the second round , showing the wide range of skills that have earned him recognition as one of the best pound-for-pound fighters . constant pressure from the champ left horiguchi ( 15-2 ) struggling to find any opportunity to attack . instead , the challenger was constantly forced to try and prevent johnson from taking his back , as they battled routinely against the fence and in the clinch . the american johnson lands a right hand on his japanese opponent during their bout in montreal . quinton ' rampage ' jackson ( right ) beat fabio maldonado of brazil to win his first bout since 2011 . it was one-way traffic until the final round , and the 23-year-old challenger was simply overwhelmed by the more experienced champ . horiguchi tried to attack until the end , briefly threatening with a fifth-round triangle choke , but he was simply overwhelmed . while he was clearly ahead on the scorecards in the final seconds , johnson turned up the volume , transitioned to an armbar and scored the submission win . johnson successfully defended the title for the sixth time . in the co-main event , quinton ' rampage ' jackson ( 36-11 ) earned his first ufc win since 2011 , scoring a unanimous decision over brazilian slugger fabio maldonado ( 22-8 ) . 