at least one is dead after a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched late on saturday for at least four people missing in the waters , the coast guard said . the storm rolled through the area about 4 p.m. and a man was plucked from the waters by the coast guard around 9 p.m. , petty officer carlos vega said . he said crews would search through the night . ' we knew we were totally lost at sea , ' said regatta participant rhonda morgan gilreath , right , shown with her boyfriend randy rutledge of rome georgia on saturday . dauphin island regatta sailors gather near their docked sailboats on saturday , april 25 , 2015 , in dauphin island , alabama where coast guard officials said they responded to a report of multiple capsized vessels . more than 100 sailboats and as many as 200 people were participating in the dauphin island regatta in mobile bay . dauphin island mayor jeff collier told al.com that at least one person was confirmed dead , but he did not know the cause . ' it 's been a very tragic day , ' michael smith , with the buccaneer yacht club , told wsfa-tv . ' we 've had a lot of breakage , missing people , fatalities . ' susan kangal , who was on a boat , told wsfa it was the worst storm that she has seen . ' we were probably an inch from capsizing ; everybody was ready to jump . i did n't have a life jacket on , ' she said . the boats were part of the 57th iteration of the race . scattered boats : ' they were scattered anywhere from dauphin island bridge all the way out into mobile bay and across to fort morgan . it was a wide area , ' said dauphin island mayor jeff collier . feeling blessed : well-wishers congratulate regatta participant robert luiten of mobile , alabama , in blue shirt , on word that his son , leonard luiten , was found several hours after their boat capsized in a storm on saturday . ' apparently there were a number of vessels that became distressed , either capsized or what have you , ' the mayor said . ' they were scattered anywhere from dauphin island bridge all the way out into mobile bay and across to fort morgan . it was a wide area , ' said dauphin island mayor jeff collier . al.com reports that richard mather , 52 , of mobile , was aboard a 39-foot o'day sailboat along with seven people , when he saw two boats collide . he said that they expected thunderstorms but not as severe as they were . ' but we were not prepared for a gale , ' mather said , ' which is almost like a 30-minute hurricane . ' mather was n't in the race and was able to pull three people onto his vessel about two miles north of the dauphin island bridge . he said the boaters seemed extremely tired but none of them were injured . ' they were exhausted but they were fine , ' he said . ' their boats sunk so fast that they did n't have time to grab life preservers . ' 