if your partner is an early riser and you are rudely awoken by their alarm every morning , a new gadget could help you lie in . the alarm clock , called wakē , rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound . the wall-mounted device creates a ‘ personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner . scroll down for video . the alarm clock , called wakē ( pictured ) rouses individuals from their slumber one at a time using a focused beam of light and sound . the wall-mounted device creates a ‘ personal sunrise’ and emits focused ultrasonic waves to wake up each person in bed individually without disturbing their partner . it uses a white led to slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper’s face to gently wake them up , with the aim of making them feel alert faster . instead of relying on cameras , the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat . it also has built in rechargeable batteries and a wi-fi connected processor so it works with a phone app that 's used to differentiate between sleepers . mounted on a wall , the gadget pivots to send a focused beam of sound towards one sleeper that is emitted by a parametric speaker . parametric speakers use ultrasonic waves to create a very narrow , audible beam , which should only be heard by one sleeper , allowing their partner to continue to doze . the alarm clock pivots ( pictured ) to make sure it targets a person accurately , even if a couple are cuddled up . the wakē alarm is affixed to the wall behind the bed . it has an inbuilt sensor to detect sleepers ' body heat . the device pivots and sends a directed beam of light and sound to rouse an individual . it partners with an app so that users can tell the device which side of the bed they sleep on and when they want to wake up . at the same time , an led light grows brighter to simulate sunlight , encouraging a sleeper to wake up more naturally . ‘wakē uses a parametric speaker ( like a laser beam of sound ) to deliver focused , soothing sounds that start quietly , and grow louder slowly as the light beam grows brighter , ’ according to the device’s kickstarter page . ‘ since wakē’s light and sound is aimed at you , your partner can rest peacefully while you wake up energised . ’ the device has been invented by los angeles-based firm lucera labs . it is hoping to raise $ 100,000 ( £66,934 ) on the crowdfunding site to put the alarm clock into production . the alarm uses a white led to slowly slowly illuminate the area around a sleeper’s face ( pictured ) to gently wake them up , with the aim of making them feel alert faster . wakē uses a parametric speaker , like a laser beam of sound , to deliver ' focused , soothing sounds that start quietly , and grow louder . parametric speakers use ultrasonic waves to create narrow , audible beams . this diagram shows how the wakē gadget works . the wakē app ( three screenshots are shown ) works like a regular alarm clock app so users can tell it which side of the bed they sleep on and how and when they want to wake up . ‘ once you 're awoken , wakē will reposition itself should you roll over and shut itself off when you get up , ’ the company continued . ‘ you can always snooze or deactivate any alarm using the wakē app . ’ the wakē app works like a regular alarm clock app so users can say how and when they want to wake up , hit the snooze button and , importantly , tell the device which side of the bed they sleep on . the alarm costs $ 250 ( £167 ) to pre-order on kickstarter and is due to ship in september . using a traditional alarm clock or mobile phone alarm can be annoying for couples who wake up or need to get up for work at different times , as one of them can not carry on sleeping ( illustrated with a stock image ) . instead of using cameras , the device uses a sensor to pick out individuals using body heat . it also has built-in rechargeable batteries and a wi-fi connected processor so it can be used with a phone app . 