authorities in montgomery county have released the 911 call that led to two ' free range ' getting picked up and held by police and maryland cps for five hours over the weekend . the unnamed caller gave the operator a blow-by-blow account as he wandered behind rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , in silver spring on sunday . the 7-minute call would reignite a controversy focused on those kids and their scientist parents , danielle and alexander meitiv , who espouse the hands-off parenting style . the caller , who was out walking his dog in the suburb adjacent to washington , dc , said he saw ' two kids that are unaccompanied , and they 've been walking around for probably about 20 minutes by themselves . ' scene : the 911 call that reignited the 'free-range ' parenting controversy for two maryland parents has been released and reveals that rafi meitiv , 10 , and his sister dvora , 6 , were picked up by police while walking through this vicinity of the washington , dc-adjacent suburb of silver spring on sunday . the operator asked , ' have you talked to them to see , you know , why are they just walking around by themselves ? ' ' no , no , they came up and asked to pet my dog , i let them , and that was it ... i do n't want to scare them , ' he said . the man continued to tail the children , who eventually did become frightened when they realized they were being followed , until police arrived . their parents danielle and alexander meitiv have been cited multiple times for allowing their kids to roam free in their suburban neighborhood . but the meitivs say authorities crossed a line over the weekend when they picked up rafi and dvora and held them nearly six hours without food before allowing them to reunite with their parents . picked up : officials seized dvora , 6 , ( far left ) and 10-year-old rafi ( left , blue hat ) on sunday in a maryland park . the parents danielle and alexander meitiv ( right ) have vowed to sue authorities responsible for keeping them in custody for six hours . picked up again : the meitivs say they were left to panic for hours by cps workers after their children -- who they raise with a so-called 'free-range ' approach -- were picked up by police for the second time in two months while walking down the street alone . attorney matthew dowd , of the firm wiley rein , is representing the meitivs and on tuesday sent a pointed letter regarding sunday 's events . rein wrote : ' the actions of maryland cps and montgomery county police violate the fundamental rights parents have in raising their children . ' this fundamental , constitutional right of parents can not be infringed simply because certain governmental employees disagree with a parent 's reasoned decision on how to raise his or her children . ' the firm declined to say who the suit would be against , exactly , when asked by the washington post . however , the attorney has vowed to pursue ' all legal remedies ' to protect the rights of the maryland parents . the meitivs made headlines just before christmas when police found rafi and dvora walking the sidewalk on their own . ' besides the policeman pulling up ... no ' : asked if he was scared during the hours-long ordeal sunday , 10-year-old rafi admitted he was , but not because he 'd been left alone with his sister . free-range parenting is the name given to a style of raising kids in opposition to so-called ' helicopter parenting ' . ' helicopter parents ' are named for their habit of hovering over their offspring , micro-managing their lives in an attempt to keep them safe . however critics believe this creates under-confident , over-reliant children , while also causing the parents stress . free-range parents advocate a more hands-off approach , where children are allowed to go out and experience the world on their own . instead of constantly monitoring activities to make sure children are safe , the emphasis is put on adults assessing risk ahead of time , and equipping children with the skills to deal with danger themselves . on sunday , a concerned citizen reportedly called authorities once again after seeing the siblings unaccompanied near a neighborhood park around a third of a mile from their home . the children were picked up by police , who say they followed protocol by turning them over to cps . meanwhile , mrs meitiv tells fox 5 dc that cps workers left her and her husband to panic for hours before letting them know their kids were safe . what 's more , the elder child , rafi , insists the scariest part of the hours-long ordeal was being picked up by police . ' they kept the kids for hours , ' a shaken danielle meitiv told fox 5 after being reunited with them . ' it 's 10:30 at night . they 've been missing since 6 o'clock…somebody called 911 and the police called cps and they decided to bring the kids here and they did n't call us . ' according to mrs. meitiv , the children were expected home no later than 6:30 . when 6:30 came and went , they became frantic . they would not receive a call from cps until 8pm . even then , they say they were n't reunited with their children or even told where they were for hours . in the interim , rafi tells fox 5 that initially he believed the responding police officer was simply offering them a lift . rafi said : ' the policeman said ' we 'll give you a ride home ' when we were like two blocks away . and two and a half hours later , after sitting in the car two and a half hours , he said ' i 'll bring you home ' and , instead , he brought us here . ' ' here ' was child protective services , rafi said . and as he and his sister sat waiting to go home , their parents say ' upper management ' at cps was involved in keeping that from happening . only at 10:30pm did mrs. meitiv say she was reunited with her children and only after promising not to let them off the leash . parenting style : the meitivs believe in giving children an unusual amount of independence from a young age . guarantees : as part of their free-range parenting philosophy , the meitivs make sure their children carry these badges in case someone worries and asks while they are out on the street . ' they made us sign a safety plan that says we will not leave them attended at all until they follow up , ' and i 'm not gon na risk my kids being snatched again like this by cps . ' when questioned , the meitivs say they believe in a so-called 'free-range ' approach to parenting , which encourages independence from infancy . in march , the cps found the couple guilty of neglect for letting the children walk home from school alone . it meant the agency would start a file on the family 's activities and whereabouts for at least five years . the meitivs hit back at the ruling , insisting they would continue to bring up their own children as they see fit - whatever the consequences . unsubstantiated child neglect is not a criminal charge , but is in most cases a prelude to such charges . it usually comes when the cps has deemed parents to have neglected their children , but has insufficient information or witnesses to press charges or take action . 