a russian warship and two bombers strayed close to uk territory yesterday in yet another apparent attempt to test britain’s defences . a destroyer equipped with missiles , anti-aircraft guns and torpedoes entered the english channel along with two other russian ships . it forced the uk to send a heavily-armed frigate to monitor the vessels . a map showing the how jets were launched from raf lossiemouth yesterday , shortly after hms argyll was deployed to monitor a russian destroyer and two other ships as they passed through the english channel . just a few hours later , two russian long-range bear bombers , capable of carrying nuclear missiles , hugged british airspace – prompting the raf to deploy two typhoon fighter jets . sources claim both incidents may have been an attempt to ‘snoop’ on a huge nato war games exercise taking place in scotland . even though russian military inspectors were invited to attend the show of strength , the timing raised suspicions that vladimir putin was using access to the site to test uk reaction times . it later emerged that the russians had actually been at the typhoons’ base at raf lossiemouth when the warplanes were scrambled . no explanation : experts said russian president vladimir putin 's move to send planes capable of carrying cruise missiles so close to british shores could be seen as an act of aggression . two typhoon jets from raf lossiemouth in scotland , pictured in 2012 , to escort the russian planes . under watch : the royal navy monitored a russian udaloy class destroyer ( not pictured ) along with a tanker and a support ship as they passed through the english channel . the russian aircraft are believed to be ' bear ' bombers that were first shadowed by norwegian air force jets before they approached british airspace ( stock image ) . april 2014 - a russian fighter plane makes repeated passes of american warship the uss cook in the black sea . if armed the ship 's commander could have targeted the aircraft in self defence . june 2014 - hms montrose was sent to monitor a russian corvette in international waters near denmark 's baltic coast . the frigate was then circle by a russian maritime patrol craft . october 2014 - raf typhoons intercepted a russian bear aircraft over the north sea and russian warships pass through the channel escorted by the navy . october 30 , 2014 - 26 russian bombers , tankers and fighter jets on military exercises are intercepted around europe in just 24 hours . jets are scrambled by the raf and allies in germany , portugal and turkey after the ' unusual ' spike in activity , which saw two giant tu-95 bear h bombers fly close to britain . november 2014 - hms argyll monitors a heavily armed russian warship as it strayed close to the uk while passing through the english channel and strait of dover . january 2015 - typhoons were dispatched from raf lossiemouth in scotland and raf coningsby in lincolnshire to intercept two russian bombers capable of carrying nuclear missiles as they flew south of bournemouth . february 17 , 2015 - hms argyll intercepts a neustrashimy-class warship and its accompanying tanker as they headed home after a deployment in the mediterranean in the english channel . february 19 , 2015 - two raf typhoon jets scrambled from raf coningsby in lincolnshire to escort two russian bombers in international airspace off the coast of cornwall . april 2015 - royal navy 's hms argyll monitors russian udaloy class destroyer severomorsk along with a tanker and a support ship as they move through the english channel . the incursions are the latest in a long line of apparent tests by moscow as tensions between britain and russia rise . the nato naval operation – exercise joint warrior – was aimed at encouraging mr putin to calm his recent aggression toward the uk . but sir michael graydon , former head of the raf , said the kremlin was using cold war tactics to ‘snoop’ on the exercise and called for higher defence spending to defeat a ‘resurgent’ russia . he said : ‘ this is a classic return to the 70s and 80s when every exercise conducted by nato was snooped on . ‘we’ve trumpeted the fact we are holding such a large exercise and the fact they are snooping on it doesn’t surprise me at all . ’ he added that britain should spend more on defence : ‘ our capability to deal with these sorts of threats is diminishing because we don’t have the manpower ... we need resilience . ’ a source added : ‘ it may be that they are observing the military exercise being held off the coast of scotland . ’ under a european treaty , the ministry of defence were forced to accept an inspection by russian experts and they arrived in scotland on monday . yesterday the destroyer severomorsk , a tanker and a support ship returning from the mediterranean were intercepted by the royal navy as they passed through the channel . plymouth-based hms argyll , a type 23 frigate with a crew of 185 , was sent to monitor the vessels . a source said the russians may ‘ poke their noses in at the exercise off scotland’ before heading home . an raf spokesman said the two bear bombers , which flew off the north-east coast of scotland hours later , were escorted away . more than 100 russian aircraft were intercepted last year , three times more than during the whole of 2013 . in november a four-strong russian flotilla sailed through the channel and earlier this year two bears flew south of bournemouth . hms argyle , a type 23 frigate , which is currently monitoring three russian ships as they head through the english channel ( file picture ) . the russian navy anti-submarine ship severomorsk which is being monitored through the english channel with a tanker and a support ship ( file picture ) .