a pregnant woman who went into a coma woke up to learn she gave birth to a baby boy . sharista giles of sweetwater , tennessee , was driving home from a concert in december with friends when a car accident sent her to the hospital with injuries so bad doctors believed she would never recover . the 20-year-old was five months pregnant at the time and in january doctors were forced to deliver the baby early , a little boy the family refers to as baby l . and now , giles has finally seen her newborn after waking up from her coma on wednesday . sharista giles ( above ) of sweetwater , tennessee woke up on wednesday after being in a coma for five months . giles was five months pregnant ( above ) when she went into the coma , and a month later doctors were forced to deliver her son , who the family calls baby l , who she saw for the first time wednesday . giles ' family told abc news that she opened her eyes , and soon began following her father 's movements around the room . then , her father showed her a photo of her son . ' he showed her a picture of her baby , and she followed the picture , ' said her mother , beverly . ' when he turned around to put it back on the bulletin board , she turned her neck , her whole head trying to follow and find the picture again . ' baby l ( above in utero ) weighed just two pounds when he was born and though he is still in the neonatal intensive care unit he now weighs over six pounds . giles ( above ) prognosis is still not known , but she has shocked doctors who believed she would not make it out of her coma or even live this long . baby l meanwhile is doing well , but still in the neonatal intensive care unit at the university of tennessee medical center . he was less than two pounds when he was born , but since then has been greatly improving and now weighs 6 pounds and 4 ounces . as for giles , doctors are still not certain of her prognosis , but she has done far better than they ever expected when she was admitted last december . this is no surprise however to her family . ' we never gave up , ' said her mother . ' she 's fought this hard . '