nigel pearson spent the last quarter of this match pushing his team on from his technical area , clapping , cajoling , instructing . he has experienced a great escape at the hawthorns before , in 2005 as assistant to bryan robson . beyond 90 minutes , jamie vardy scored a goal that gave an exhilarating indication another improbable story could yet be told . leicester secured their second consecutive premier league win to bring safety into view for the first time in a long time . pearson’s side are still bottom , but now just three points behind hull in 17th . with seven games to go , five at home , they are still very much in this fight . jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of barclays premier league survival . vardy celebrates in front of the travelling away fans after hitting the winner against west brom at the hawthorns . the leicester forward , pictured with riyad mahrez , can not hide his delight after scoring what turned out to be the winning goal . vardy struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the premier league encounter at the hawthorns .  west brom ( 4-4-2 ) : myhill 5.5 ; dawson 5 , mcauley 5 , lescott 5.5 , brunt 6 ; gardner 6.5 ( olsson 73mins , 5 ) , yacob 6 , fletcher 7 , morrison 6.5 ( sessegnon 85 ) ; ideye 5 ( anichebe 60 , 5 ) , berahino 5 . subs not used : rose , wisdom , baird , mcmanaman . booked : gardner , fletcher . leicester ( 4-3-1-2 ) : schmeichel 6 ; de laet 4 ( wasilewski 46 , 6 ) , huth 6.5 , morgan 6 , schlupp 6.5 ; albrighton 6.5 , james 6 ( king 60 , 6 ) , cambiasso 7 ; nugent 7 ; vardy 7.5 , ulloa 6.5 ( mahrez 64 , 6 ) . subs not used : schwarzer , konchesky , drinkwater , kramaric . booked : albrighton . referee : martin atkinson 6 . attendance : 26,768 . mom : vardy .  huth put his side back on level terms ( pictured ) before vardy 's winner - click here to see more of our brilliant match zone . vardy personifies that more than anyone . in the first minute of added time he bullied gareth mcauley to gain possession by the halfway line and advanced on goal . joleon lescott was unable to halt him and in a flash the ball was in the net . pearson turned to his bench and held both arms aloft . he had switched to three at the back at the interval and made all his substitutions with half an hour to go , and been vindicated . trailing 2-1 , leicester had equalised in the 80th minute when marc albrighton delivered a cross that reached david nugent at the far post . he hooked the ball back , marcin wasilewski won the header and robert huth nodded beyond craig dawson on the line . this was a second consecutive home loss to a team in trouble for west brom , following the 4-1 defeat to queens park rangers . former manchester united midfielder darren fletcher scored his first goal since joining west brom during the january transfer window . west brom captain fletcher leaped above leicester 's defence to open the scoring at the hawthorns after just eight minutes . leicester striker david nugent cancelled out fletcher 's opener by shooting past west brom goalkeeper myhill . west brom midfielder craig gardner celebrates after scoring during his side 's 3-2 defeat against the premier league 's bottom side . gardner slides on his knees after putting his side back in the lead during the first half of the premier league match at the hawthorns . it had all begun so brightly for the hosts on a day to honour their late , great striker jeff astle , scorer of the winning goal in the 1968 fa cup . west brom looked resplendent in their replica kits from that year , numbered one to 11 . darren fletcher paid a fitting tribute with a very good glancing header to chris brunt’s corner . goal-line technology was required to confirm the goal after esteban cambiasso cleared . it was fletcher’s first goal since scoring for manchester united in november 2012 . leicester equalised in the 20th minute . cambiasso took a long free-kick that leonardo ulloa flicked forward for nugent to stroke in a composed finish . west brom went ahead again six minutes later when craig gardner’s volley deflected off wes morgan into the net . but leicester struck back impressively and , from nowhere , have genuine hope of survival . ‘ you never want to come off the field with regrets , ’ said pearson . ‘ if we can maximise that home advantage we have a chance . i don’t think at any point this season [ the ] players doubted themselves . ’ west brom are not yet safe and face a frightening run-in . ‘ the first goal is lower-league stuff , ’ said pulis . ‘ the third goal , gareth’s trying to play like a right winger . you can’t do that at this level . ’ robert huth nodded home with 10 minutes left on the clock to help his side launch an emphatic comeback against west brom . the leicester defender , who joined the club in february , is congratulated by his team-mates after making it 2-2 with 10 minutes to go . leicester goalkeeper kasper schmeichel celebrates his side 's victory after the final whistle of the premier league clash . west brom paid tribute to jeff astle on ' astle day ' , the former baggies striker at the age of 59 in 2002 due . baggies striker saido berahino wore astle 's no 9 shirt during the premier league match at the hawthorns . west brom players take to the pitch in a astle commemorative kit ahead of their premier league showdown with leicester . west brom fans display an ' astle ' banner during the ninth minute to represent the shirt number he wore at the hawthorns .