in the sparse and frozen wilds of alaska , it is not often that a tasty meal jumps almost straight into your mouth . but that was the case for one bear while hunting salmon in the brooks river , which runs through the katmai national park , in southern alaska . however , the dozy creature was unable to take advantage of his good fortune , letting the juicy fish slip away , even after it hit him on the nose . scroll down for video . fish supper : a bear hunting salmon in alaska eyes up his dinner as a fish leaps straight at him while swimming up stream in order to reach its breeding grounds . staring at defeat : this salmon 's number appears to be up as it comes face to face with a hungry bear along the brooks river in the katmai national park , alaska . as close as it gets : as the two creatures come face to face , it looks as if the bear is about to enjoy the most hassle-free meal of its life . sockeye salmon , which are native to alaska , migrate up rivers during the spring in order to reach the breeding grounds where they were born in order to spawn . the fish , which spend the rest of the year out in the ocean , will swim against the current in order to reach the spawning grounds , leaping through waterfalls , which is where the bears wait . while the salmon are very fast and difficult to catch underwater , after they leap into the air they have no way of changing course , and so a relatively easy to pick out of the air . husband and wife photography team juergen and christine sohns captured the moment the bear let his prey get away . the salmon will not eat during their battle upstream , and will undergo a huge transformation , changing from grey to bright red , with their lower lip extending and their head turning green . swing and a miss : however , nothing is a simple as it seems , and at the very last moment the bear makes a crucial error of judgement , and the sockeye salmon is allowed to continue its journey . second time unlucky : photographer juergen sohns explained that once the fish are in the air they can not change direction , which should make them easy to catch , but not for this bear , as another fish slips away . once they reach the breeding grounds , usually a freshwater lake , they will mate , before perishing shortly afterwards . these images were captured by juergen and christine sohns , who travelled to alaska to photograph the salmon migration . mr sohns , 56 , took the photo and said : ' the bear was just waiting at the best position in the falls to catch the fish when it was leaping . ' he said that , while the bear was unlucky on this occasion , he did have more success after moving further up the river . mr sohns and his wife , from germany , are veteran wildlife photographers , and over the last 20 years have travelled to every continent on earth photographing wildlife . fish season : sockeye salmon spend most of the year out at sea , but during spring they attempt to swim back up rivers to breed , making them easy targets for bears and eagles3020099 .  