nigella lawson is returning to the bbc to host a show about ' back to basics ' cooking for the first time since the explosive court case involving her ex-husband charles saatchi . the celebrity chef , who last appeared on the channel with nigellissima in 2012 , will present simply nigella on bbc 2 , a series which focus on ' a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating ' . the show will mark nigella 's first solo venture with the broadcaster since the breakdown of her marriage to mr saatchi and the subsequent court case , in which she was forced to divulge details of the pair 's tumultuous relationship and her own past drug use . scroll down for video . nigella lawson is returning to the bbc for the first time in three years with a new series ' simply nigella ' . she briefly appeared on screen in the u.s as co-presenter for taste but was stopped from flying to the country after confessing to taking cocaine during that case . the cook , who has famously fronted shows about cooking decadently , said the new show would be about ' food that makes our life easier , that makes us feel better , more alive and less stressed ' . it is said to be focussing on ' healthy everyday breakfasts and substantial weekend brunches ' , as well as 'quick-to-make , lighter suppers that de-stress ' . nigella was at the centre of a very public court case in 2013 , after she and mr saatchi accused their former assistants of spending £685,000 on credit cards given to them for work purposes . months earlier , the couple 's marriage had come to an abrupt end after mr saatchi was pictured with his hand on his wife 's throat in a central london restaurant . but lisa and francesca grillo were acquitted of fraud by a jury . it came despite the fact that francesca , 35 , had used her family card to spend £8,000 on designer clothes in a single day . the show will see the celebrity chef focus on ' a new pared-down approach to cooking and eating ' . pictured : nigella in the premiere of taste , a show she co-hosted in the u.s ( left ) and arriving at isleworth crown court in 2013 ( right ) before giving evidence in the fraud trial of her two assistants . it will be the first time nigella has appeared on the bbc since the breakdown of her marriage to charles saatchi ( with whom she is pictured ) and the explosive fraud case that followed . their defence , which involved lurid drug allegations against their former boss , was that the tv cook let them spend whatever they liked providing they kept quiet about her cocaine and cannabis use . the court case also heard miss lawson describe her ex-husband as a ' brilliant but brutal man ' who grabbed her throat out of jealousy when she idly wished for grandchildren . she claimed he drove her to drugs with his ' intimate terrorism ' . referring to details of her doomed marriage to mr saatchi being revealed in court , the 54-year-old said : ' to have not only your private life but distortions of your private life put on display is mortifying ' . after their acquittal , the italian sisters – dubbed ' the greedy grillos ' by the prosecution – said they had merely won their freedom , while miss lawson had established herself as a public favourite . police said at the time they would not be taking any action after ms lawson 's admission which came after the end of her marriage to saatchi . the show will air in autumn this year . nigella 's return to bbc2 is just one of a number of new commissions for the station , which were unveiled today . kim shillinglaw , director of the station , revealed that at least eight new shows would be aired on the taxpayer-funded channel during the coming season . the great british pottery throw down , to be presented by sara cox , is among the new shows to air on the station and is being advertised as ' the great british bake off 's messier cousin ' . publicised with the tagline : ' it 's messy , it 's hot , it 's pottery , ' the show will see ten amateur potters thrash it out to try and win the ' master of the wheel ' title . the hairy bikers have been asked to host a show which attempts to tackle the issues of an ageing nation . other commissions include the move of popular show family guy to the channel , which will move over from bbc3 . the hairy bikers have also been asked to host a show which attempts to tackle the issues of an ageing population in old school by taking pensioners into classrooms to try and improve loneliness . gareth malone has also been brought back to the station for new show the naked choir , which will see him scour the country for would-be stars , and hair - a show designed to find the country 's best hairdresser - will also return for another series . hugo blick , who wrote the honourable woman and the shadow line , is also currently in the process of writing a new drama for bbc2 and bafta award-winning stefan golaszewski will bring a new comedy series called mum . daniel radcliffe and bill paxton will star in new factual drama gamechanger while a hard-hitting documentary series will follow greater manchester police 's new unit investigating sex offences . gareth malone ( left ) has been brought back to the station for new show the naked choir , which will see him scour the country for would-be stars , while daniel radcliffe ( right ) will star in new drama gamechanger . announcing the new commissions , ms shillinglaw said : ' bbc two is in great shape . from the critical and ratings success of wolf hall , bbc two 's biggest drama series in at least 13 years and banished , which was our fourth highest drama series launch , to stand out seasons on food , the super rich and us , taking liberties and our holocaust memorial content , we 've got people talking and watching the channel in significant numbers . ' the sheer range and quality of content i 'm announcing today demonstrates the unique role bbc two plays in enhancing people 's lives and contributing to the creative life of the uk . ' from enabling british writing , presenting and directing talent to do their most distinctive , signature work to factual with real purpose that tackles contemporary issues in lively , intelligent ways or encourages viewers to take their passions further , i want bbc two to be the place to come for widest range of grown up , opinionated and entertaining content on british television . '