an atlanta teenager is hospitalized with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping . damon clay , 17 , is in a medically induced coma in critical condition at grady memorial hospital in atlanta after monday 's attack . officers have arrested 19-year-old quintavious barber and 18-year-old malik morton for aggravated assault and cruelty to a child , among other charges . damon clay , 17 , was left with burns covering 70 per cent of his body after two other teens attacked him with a pot of boiling rice while he was sleeping . he is now in a medically induced coma in critical condition . relatives of the scalded victim said the two men accused him of stealing a playstation 3 . neighbors say the three teens were friends . ' they were friends . everybody was supposed to be friends , ' neighbor laprell grant told wsbtv . kentaveus watson , who is renting the apartment where the incident happened , said that he is friends with everyone who was involved in the attack and he 's still shocked by the events that occurred . ' it scared me , really . ever since it happened , i 've been sleeping on the couch right where he got burned , ' he said . clay had been in jail for a burglary and was just released on a three-month program offered by a nonprofit in the area . relatives of clay ( pictured ) said that the two men who have been arrested for attacking him - 19-year-old quintavious barber and 18-year-old malik morton - accused clay of stealing a playstation 3 . neighbors said the three men were friends . he was promised shelter and guidance by a minister in the program , but family members who did not want to be named said that that was not the case . ' he did n't have any supervision , none , ' clay 's aunt told wsbtv . clay did not go to a group home for shelter , but rather bounced from home to home of relatives and friends who were willing to take him in , family members said . ' i 'd rather my nephew be in jail than to be here , ' the aunt told wsbtv . clay had been released from jail shortly before the incident and was bouncing from friends ' and relatives ' houses to sleep . he was at his friend kentaveus watson 's apartment ( pictured ) when he was burned .