jordan spieth 's first outing after winning the masters did not go according to plan as he finished the first round of the rbc heritage on three over par . the 21-year-old has enjoyed a whirlwind few days since dominating in augusta to win by four shots from justin rose and phil mickelson , but that rollercoaster ride interrupted his preparations here as he did not play a practice round and he looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in south carolina . jordan spieth looked tired as he struggled in difficult conditions in south carolina . in cold temperatures and with strong northerly winds , spieth three-putted the sixth to drop his first shot of the day and looked lethargic as he missed birdie opportunities on the ninth and 10th greens . he dropped another shot on the 11th and on the par-three 14th he sent his tee shot straight into the water , setting up a double bogey that put him four over par . he pulled one back with a birdie on the par-five 15th , but nevertheless finished well off the pace with three-over 74 even as the conditions kept the scoring under control . the masters champion finished well off the pace by carding a three-over-par 74 . after his round , spieth told sky sports 4 he had no idea how many interviews and appearances he has made since sunday . ' i 've lost track , ' he said . ' just getting to experience all these incredible things , whether it 's a business interview , a sports interview , appearing on letterman ( the david letterman show ) , meeting president clinton , a lot took place and it 's almost sad to leave . ' there were so many great experiences you 'd like to have each of those each day , to have them all in one is almost a shame , but it 's good sharing my story , sharing our story , getting our brand out there . ' spieth admitted lack of preparation affected his first round in south carolina . unless he has something very special up his sleeve for friday , spieth appears set for a much-needed weekend off . matt every and graeme mcdowell shared the lead on five under after the first round at hilton head . in difficult conditions , with strong winds and a distinct chill in south carolina , birdies were hard to come by but every carded six before a bogey on the 18th , while mcdowell matched him only in reverse after bogeying the first . given the way the course was playing , staying at the top of the leaderboard was as much about survival as anything . ' i was greasy today , ' every said on the pga tour website . ' it was n't my best ball striking , it was n't easy out there , but i got the best out of it . graeme mcdowell shared the lead on five under with matt every after the first round . ' it was blowing . back in the trees , when it 's coming from the north and banking off the trees going the other way , it 's dicey , but for the most part i did a good job . ' sangmoon bae is alone in third place , one shot back , ahead of a five-way tie for fourth which includes kevin kisner , scott langley , morgan hoffman , matt kuchar and cameron smith . smith could have been much better placed but for a bogey on the third and a double bogey on the seventh , where his tee shot put him in the trees and he faced a long road back . he had earlier carded five birdies in six holes between the second and seventh holes .  