australian artist george gittoes says his 2015 sydney peace prize is welcome recognition that ' creativity is the opposite of war ' . the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world . the jury recognised gittoes ' for his courage to witness and confront violence in the war zones of the world ' and for ' enlisting the arts to subdue aggression ' . australian artist george gittoes , pictured at his studio in bundeena - south of sydney in 2007 , has just been awarded the sydney peace prize . the 65-year-old was named as the recipient on saturday in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world . gittoes told aap he does n't consider himself in the same league as previous winners , which include archbishop desmond tutu and academic noam chomsky but said it 's great to have an artist recognised in a peace award . ' artists can make a huge difference . we 're communicators and we 're creating , and creativity is the opposite of war , where they 're destroying , ' he said . ' it does n't matter which artist gets it , its great that that 's been acknowledged . ' gittoes , born in southern sydney , has chronicled conflicts in africa , asia , europe and the middle east through painting , photography and film . gittoes , born in southern sydney , has chronicled conflicts in africa , asia , europe and the middle east through painting , photography and film . the pictured artwork is from his 30 years – long journey exhibition in 2007 . ' george gittoes is daring , brash an irreverent - qualities australians identify with , ' said chair of the sydney peace foundation , david hirsh . ' the jury felt his unique approach to peace building and social justice should be recognised and applauded . ' mr gittoes recently visited war-torn afghanistan , establishing an artist collective in the city of jalalabad . he will receive the prize at a november ceremony in sydney . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .