the duchess of cambridge has revealed that prince george went looking for his father in the cupboards after being told he was ' in china ' . kate shared the anecdote during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the goring hotel in london , the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to william in 2011 . at the party in march , where kate , 33 , wowed in a floral erdem dress and navy alexander mcqueen court shoes , the duchess chatted to guests including luxury travel agent claudia gordon . scroll down for video . the duchess of cambridge has revealed that prince george went looking for his father in the cupboards after being told he was ' in china ' . gordon , who owns naples luxury travel advisors in naples , told news-press.com : ' i asked her if prince george was excited about the new prince or princess that was coming and she said yes and that he is a toddler and is talking and walking . ' then she told me that his daddy was visiting china . after hearing this he went to the china cabinet , opened it and proclaimed `` daddy is not here . '' ' she said they would work on his geography . ' kate made the adorable revelation during a party to celebrate the 105th birthday of the goring hotel in london , the luxury hotel she stayed in the night before her wedding to william in 2011 . the duchess of cambridge 's lunchtime event at the hotel was not part of her official schedule and , according to kensington palace , the 33-year-old was attending in a private capacity , having received a personal invitation from the hotel . prince william had left pregnant kate and son george in london while he undertook a week-long tour of the far east . his visit to china was one of the most high-profile – and diplomatically sensitive – tours of his fledgling royal career . with china on course to overtake the united states as the world 's largest economy , the uk government is keen to foster positive diplomatic relationships - and william 's visit was seen as a key part of those efforts . stepping foot for the first time on chinese soil , the second in line to the throne became the most senior member of the royal family to visit the country since the queen nearly 30 years ago . the duke , pictured with chinese deputy president li yuanchao , was asked to pass on an invitation to visit to the queen . his visit to china was one of the most high-profile – and diplomatically sensitive – tours of his fledgling royal career . meanwhile in london the duchess of cambridge 's lunchtime event at the hotel was not part of her official schedule and , according to kensington palace , the 33-year-old was attending in a private capacity , having received a personal invitation from the hotel . kate obviously has fond memories of the property situated opposite buckingham palace after spending her last night as a single woman and non-royal there with her parents and siblings pippa , 31 and james , 27 . she also visited the hotel last december for a meeting of the board of the 1851 trust , the sailing charity of which she is patron . the duke and duchess of cambridge and prince george during a visit to the sensational butterflies exhibition .      