andros townsend admitted he had devoted plenty of thought to his cheeky retaliation against paul merson . ‘ that tweet has been going over in my head , ’ said townsend , who followed up his spectacular equaliser in italy by hitting twitter to strike back at criticism from the former arsenal and england midfielder . ‘ as soon at the goal went in , i was just desperate to get that tweet out . i’m eagerly awaiting his response . i haven’t seen it yet . andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night . townsend celebrates his strike with tottenham hotspur team-mates ryan mason ( left ) and kyle walker . in his column for skysports.com , merson wrote : ' if andros townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody . we are not picking players who are playing well for their clubs – he got taken off after 30 minutes the other week against united . ' the england manager is there watching the game and he still gets picked . townsend and kyle walker were the worst two players on the pitch . ' how can you tell me that a manager goes and watches man united against tottenham , the winger gets taken off after 30 minutes , the winger from the other team absolutely rinses the full-back for england and ashley young doesn’t get in the squad ? ' ‘ he said when the squad was announced that i should be “ nowhere near the squad” . it didn’t really annoy me , but gave me the extra incentive to silence a few critics . hopefully i’ve done that as i always have . ’ merson had made his comments on sky sports when roy hodgson named the players for games against lithuania and italy . the 1-1 draw in turin had not long ended when townsend ( below ) tweeted to his 285,000 followers : ‘ not bad for a player that should be “ nowhere near the squad” ay @ paulmerse ? ’ the tottenham’s winger’s father troy joined in , too , tweeting : “ oh ye of little faith # merson get in . ’ they could also have pointed out that townsend’s screamer was his third for england , taking him level with merson . ‘ you can never stop proving things to people , ’ said townsend . ‘ but i think every time i’ve put on an england shirt i have done myself justice , i have done roy hodgson justice and the nation justice . i was a bit disappointed with his comments but i have come on the pitch and silenced them . ' sky sports pundit paul merson ( centre ) criticised townsend 's call-up to the england squad last week . harry kane congratulates his tottenham team-mate townsend after the final whistle in turin . good-natured north london twitter skirmishing aside , there will have been a few spurs supporters who understood merson’s point . townsend’s form has been inconsistent , and having seen him come off the bench to score for england they will wonder why he can not do it more often for tottenham . ‘ i can’t put my finger on it or tell you what it is , ’ admitted townsend , when asked about the contrast . ‘ the ( england ) manager has always given me confidence to go and express myself and play my natural game . ‘ i wouldn’t say it’s my best form but this is the best form i’ve produced this season . i have had a few injury problems but i’m over the worst of that . ‘i’m slowly building my confidence back to where it was and hopefully from now until the end of the season i can get more games for spurs and england and get back to the football i was producing last season . ’ after long-range goals against montenegro and san marino , townsend enjoyed the one he flashed past gianluigi buffon on tuesday . it came from his weaker , right foot , against elite opposition and he made a beeline for buffon after the match to ask for his shirt as a souvenir . ‘ he is a top goalkeeper — one of the best to ever play the game — so to score past him i thought was no mean feat , ’ said townsend . ‘ as soon as the whistle went , i thought i’d go and get his shirt because it is a real night to savour for me . ’ roy hodgson was also impressed with townsend after the tottenham winger 's fine goal after the break .