furious parents have launched a campaign to overturn a primary school headteacher 's decision to ban all drinks except water during the school day . headteacher linda shute has banned children from consuming drinks - including tea , coffee , fruit juice and soft drinks - in a bid to protect the long-term health of pupils at rowdown primary school in new addington , south london . but some parents believe the water-only rule is too strict , claiming many children go all day without a drink because they do not like water . scroll down for video . a headteacher is forcing primary school pupils to only drink water during the school day after banning all other drinks , including fruit juice . samantha moore , who launched the petition , said : ' as a mother , i have the right to choose what my son drinks . ' another campaigner , anela , from croydon , added : ' they should be able to drink whatever they want and not just water because some kids do n't like water . ' mrs shute , who announced her aims by enforcing the rule in a school newsletter last month , said : ' the water-only policy is being very well supported by parents and children . ' thank you for this and know in your hearts , if you have any doubts , this policy is for the long-term health of all your children . ' but her move provoked a backlash from some , who branded it a ' joke ' . alan fay said : ' it 's about time that schools started looking after the kids again and stop just doing what is told by the powers above . ' gemma irwin , from new addington , added : ' i believe that it should be up to the parent what their child drinks . ' if teachers are allowed tea and coffee , why ca n't a child have a bottle of juice or flavoured water ? ' but the school has defended its decision . the rule has been enforced to protect the long-term health of pupils at rowdown primary school ( pictured ) in new addington , south london . it follows a similar ban which sparked anger at valence primary school in dagenham , east london , when it was introduced in january last year . headteacher elizabeth chaplin brought in the new rule as part of a ' health drive ' and drinks other than water were poured down the sink . in june last year , children at carlton central infants ' school in nottingham , were barred from drinking fruit squash - a measure opposed by some parents . tam fry , chairman of the child growth foundation and spokesman for the national obesity forum , is among campaigners who have pushed for healthy drink options in schools . he has praised schools that clamp down on sugar-filled juices , which he believes should be limited to one small glass a week . mr fry said : ' fruit juice is known to be really laden with sugar , and it needs to be a treat - not an everyday occurrence . the preference in schools should be water , which is hugely beneficial . ' 