kristen bell , the voice of frozen 's anna and the spunky star of house of lies , believes that parents take the anti-vaccination debate too far and endanger other kids while they are at it . ' your child is 100 times more likely to be struck by lightning than to have a severe reaction to a vaccine ; that 's a fact , ' kristen said in an interview for the may issue of good housekeeping . the mother of two daughters , lincoln , two , and delta , just four months , with actor dax sheppard shares how her views on vaccinations actually changed after the birth of her girls , as well as her own self-acceptance of her changing body and the hustle of her acting career . scroll down for video . cover girl : frozen 's kristen bell features on the front cover of good housekeeping 's may issue ( pictured ) . kristen takes a hard stance on vaccinating her kids and urges other parents to do so as well . citing scientific research , she shares her intimate belief that it 's her duty to not only protect her children , but other children , too - especially those who may suffer from autoimmune diseases or cancer . ' if your kid ca n't get vaccinations ; if he goes to school with my kid and i choose not to give my kid vaccinations , i 'm putting your kid at risk , ' she said . ' to me , that 's unacceptable . ' ' as moms , our responsibility is not just to our kids - it 's to all the other kids , too , ' she added . kristen adds that being a mother 'right-sized ' her life and has changed her views on more than needles and preventative medicine . kristen did n't have her first child until her thirties because she did n't actually think she wanted children at all . now , however , she considers the parent life ' unmissable . ' ' having kids feels like that first seventh-grade crush that overwhelms every molecule in your body , but it’s permanent , ' kristen said . peas in a pod : kristen and husband dax sheppard credit couples therapy to the success of their marriage . on the town : kristen and dax may come from different backgrounds , but they sure do n't look it while coordinating their pose on the arrivals carpet of the judge premier in october 2014 . always a self-proclaimed happy person , kristen , like many women , was not always comfortable with her weight . but after kids , she really is not worried about the last 17 pregnancy pounds from delta . `` body image is what you make of it , ' kristen explained . ' i don’t like comparison hangovers . it did n't make me feel good . ' nor does she rush for leads in the same way she did before . pointing out that her kids are the source of her self-esteem now , kristen still wants to do creative work , but is n't constantly running on the treadmill for it . her positive attitude is admired by husband , dax , who makes a cameo in the piece to talk about the secret to their relationship 's success : couple 's therapy . often given a bad rep or the signal of the demise of the marriage , dax and kristen highlight all the pros of their experience , including how it helped them overcome their different backgrounds . ' you do better in the gym with a trainer , you don’t figure out how to cook without reading a recipe , ' kristen added . ' therapy is not something to be embarrassed about . ' in fact , her life looks quite different than it did just a few years ago . “it’s weird to me that all of a sudden i have a family of four , ' kristen exclaimed . ' i own two people ! our life has taken a turn , but not in a bad way . '