on may 23 , 2010 , bride-to-be rachelle friedman was pushed into a pool . breaking her neck , she was instantly paralyzed from the neck down . as paramedics rushed around her , friends wept , and her fiancé frantically phoned from three hours away , rachelle had one question : could she still have kids ? ' it was the first thing i thought of , ' rachelle told dailymail.com . ' i had no idea what was going to happen to me , or what was going on . but ever since i fell in love with chris i wanted to have babies with him . when i fell in the pool and they were saying things like `` paralyzed '' , i did n't know if i 'd be able to carry a child . ' fast-forward half a decade , that question has been answered . rachelle and chris chapman will welcome their baby girl into the world on april 18 , thanks to an old friend who asked them to let her be their surrogate . scroll down for video . moving : rachelle friedman chapman and her husband chris ( together in the background ) are days from becoming parents as their surrogate and college friend laurel humes ( foreground ) reaches her due date . excited : rachelle can physically carry children but her blood pressure is too low . so laurel , whose husband and son are pictured ( left ) , offered to carry the child for them . the baby will be born near laurel 's home in asheville , north carolina , four hours from the chapmans . rachelle had n't seen laurel for nine years but laurel , touched by her story , reached out on facebook . chris and rachelle confessed they are nervous but excited to welcome the girl , whose name they wo n't reveal . ' we are both so excited , ' rachelle said . ' everything has gone so fast . the baby could come any minute now so we 've got a bag ready , and the nursery is almost all done . it 's amazing . ' though quadriplegic , rachelle , 29 , is able to conceive and carry a child . her condition means all four of her limbs are impaired , not strictly paralyzed . however , the accident left her with uniquely low blood pressure . unable to stop taking the medication , which could be damaging to a fetus , she and chris , 32 , started exploring other options . she wrote a blog post on her website about contemplating surrogacy - and a friend from college , laurel humes , got in touch . ' i could n't believe it . i met laurel at college through chris but she was a bit older than me and graduated that year . so i had n't spoken to her in about nine years . ' after i wrote that post , she sent me a facebook message saying she had been following our story and would love to be our surrogate . then it all just went so fast . and laurel has just been so so great . ' rachelle and chris flew from their home in raleigh , north carolina , to surrogacy together in california to be assessed and start the process . half a decade 's difference : rachelle and chris pictured ( left ) before she fell into a pool on during her bachelorette party . now , rachelle and laurel ( right ) have reached a situation neither anticipated . they have built a crib which rachelle can wheel under , and turned chris 's man cave into a nursery . this is the ultrasound picture of the baby . chris , rachelle and laurel all went to the ultrasound together . despite the narrow odds , they conceived after the first try . since then , laurel has been carrying the child at her home on a farm in asheville , north carolina - a four-hour drive from the chapmans . they admit it 's not ideal . ' unfortunately we have n't had that much time with laurel and the baby , ' rachelle explains . ' obviously , as a woman , you want to carry your child . you start to develop those motherly instincts , and the father develops fatherly feelings . ' for both of us it will be a different experience . we have n't had that time with the baby , then one day we 're going to come home with a baby . ' it becomes more real when we are around her , when we go to visit . we were at the ultrasounds and she came to the baby shower . ' chris said he never contemplated that their wedding would n't go ahead after rachelle fell . the pair have been dedicated to publicizing their situation to increase awareness about quadriplegia . but everything is in order . they have built a wheelchair-friendly crib that lets rachelle wheel herself under it . aside from some pictures on the wall , the nursery - formerly chris 's ' man cave ' - is looking baby-ready . the name , though still secret , is set ( ' i let chris pick ! ' ) . they even traveled over to laurel 's farm on easter sunday to take a glowing set of maternity pictures . as chris remarks , however , ' no matter how much you prepare , you have no idea how to handle it . ' after rachelle 's accident , it took time for us to learn how to deal with it , and we dealt with it differently . ' with this , we are on a level playing field : neither of us know what 's coming . and that 's the fun of it . ' laurel 's due date is april 18 , the day after chris , a teacher , finishes school . however , her own son was born two weeks early , so they 're prepared for a rush to make the four-hour drive to the hospital , where they will have their own room . ' when i was getting married i obviously had no idea it was going to happen this way , ' rachelle said . ' but i think we 're ready . and we 're so excited . '