an offensive attempt by a men 's magazine to commemorate fallen anzac soldiers has backfired as social media users and the department of veteran affairs condemn the crude ' commemorative issue ' . after coming under scrutiny , zoo weekly removed all ' offending ' images of a half-naked model holding a long stemmed red poppy from facebook . the department of veteran affairs ( dva ) said the word ' anzac ' is protected by federal legislation since 1920 and is not authorised to be used for commercial purposes- like zoo weekly 's ' special anzac centenary issue'- without express permission from the minister for veterans ' affairs . scroll down for video . zoo weekly removed images of a bikini clad woman holding a red poppy after being criticised by the department of veteran affairs for using the word ' anzac ' without permission . after discovering zoo had not sought permission , the dva immediately notified zoo weekly of the breached and asked for all offending images to be removed . the issue , released on the monday leading up to the anzac weekend , included a 10-page feature with a list of '100 things every aussie should know about gallipoli ' and an interview with cover girl erin pash who revealed what features she admired in our service men . in the interview ms pas was asked what she liked about ' men in uniform ' , to which she replied : ' they 're bad arses , they have guns and they 're really fit and well built ' . she then commends soldiers for ' doing what they 're told ' and being able to perform an ' impressive ' 100 push ups , ' in a row ' . social media users were quick to condemn the controversial issue , labelling it ' gross and offensive . ' twitter users were quick to condemn zoo weekly for the controversial issue . some thought the issue was ' gross and offensive ' . some questioned how on earth an editor thought this was a good campaign ? while others questioned how this relates to the australian anzac story . this is n't the first time zoo weekly used flesh to make their anzac specials more appealing . back in 2006 , nikki webster was featured wearing skimpy shorts and an army helmet , looking seductively over her shoulder , with the tag line reading ' for the boys ' . back in 2006 , nikki webster was featured wearing skimpy shorts and an army helmet , looking seductively over her shoulder , with the tag line reading ' for the boys ' . zoo 's distasteful campaign comes as supermarket giant , woolworths , found themselves being accused of trying to cash in on anzac day . woolworths launched the ' fresh in our memories ' campaign , inviting australians to upload images to remember those who fought for their country , which it then branded with its logo and a ' fresh in our memories ' slogan . the supermarket has since been forced to halt the campaign it was branded ' disrespectful ' and ' disgusting ' by social media users who unleashed a barrage of memes poking fun at woolworth 's attempt to embrace anzac day . the campaign created uproar after inviting aussies to make a profile picture and cover photo for their facebook page , in memory of the men and women who have fought for their country .   