a shocking video has emerged of isis thugs using sledgehammers and ak-47 rifles to destroy walls and statues in iraq 's unesco world heritage city of hatra . in the slickly produced seven minute footage , jihadists are shown smashing shrines and statues in the 2,000-year old city . militants are also recorded chipping away at the bases of some of the larger wall sculptures and cracking boulders into ancient city pillars , while eerie music plays in the background . scroll down for video . in the video , isis thugs balanced precariously on top of ladders are filmed smashing ancient relics in the heritage site . balanced on top of a ladder , a jihadist is recorded cracking a carved head repeatedly on the side of the wall . the relic then cracks into pieces and falls to the ground in the latest act of destruction by the terrorist group in hatra . militants are filmed firing ak-47 rifles at relics in the unesco heritage site in the city of hatra while music plays in the background . on top a ladder , an isis thug cracks a historic artefact with a heavy hammer in the iraqi city of hatra . having successfully completed the job , he climbs down the ladder as the ancient relic falls with a crash to the earth . in the clip , isis thugs - many of whom are wearing trainers - are recorded smashing ancient relics in hatra . the video cuts to jihadists speaking directly to the camera with one declaring they destroyed the site because it is ' worshipped instead of god ' . elsewhere in the clip , isis thugs balanced precariously on ladders use a hammer to bang repeatedly on the back of carved faces on the side of the ancient walls until they topple with a crash to the ground . they are also filmed blasting kalashnikov rifles at artefacts in the city that was declared a unesco world heritage site in 1987 . the footage was posted to a militant website frequently used by the terrorist organisation . isis currently controls a swath of land slightly larger than the uk , from aleppo to central iraq . the fanatics claim ancient relics are ' false idols ' which promote idolatry that violates their fundamentalist interpretation of islamic law . authorities also believe they have been sold on the black market to fund their atrocities . in the shocking footage , isis thugs batter relics they claim are ' false idols ' in the 2,000-year old city of hatra . the fanatics claim relics promote idolatry that violates their fundamentalist interpretation of islamic law . a militant chips away at a pillar in hatra with a pickaxe - the un has called their actions a ' war crime ' . a militant slams his axe into a pillar in the world heritage site - isis believes statues and shrines are un-islamic ' false idols ' that must be destroyed . a militant takes aim at three religious relics on the side of a historic building in the 2,000-year old city . an isis thug hacks away at the side of the historic walls with a hammer , smashing it into pieces as they fall to the ground . in between the shocking acts of destruction , the video pans to two militants speaking and brandishing their fingers directly into the camera . the slickly produced seven minute clip begins with an aerial shot over the ancient site where relics have been destroyed by isis . hatra , 68 miles southwest of isis-held city of mosul , is 2,000 years old and is a unesco world heritage site . isis have destroyed ancient relics such as this in hatra , as they violates their fundamentalist interpretation of islamic law . last month , isis terrorists were pictured toppling crosses , smashing christian relics with hammers and erecting the black flag of isis on churches in nineveh , the ancient capital of the assyrian empire . pictured in civilian clothing , the isis thugs were seen overturning statues , destroying religious icons and replacing christian crosses with the chilling isis banner . elsewhere , isis went on a rampage in the assyrian city of nimrud in northern iraq , destroying the 3,000 year-old winged statues placed at the gates of the palace of ashurnasirpal . the jihadists also bulldozed ruins in hatra in march . isis have also set off bombs around mosul central library , destroying as many as 10,000 priceless and irreplaceable books and manuscripts . un secretary-general ban ki-moon called the nimrud attack ' a war crime . ' hatra , 68 miles southwest of the isis-held city of mosul , was a large fortified city during the parthian empire and capital of the first arab kingdom . it is home to numerous temples and sculptures dedicated to gods including apollo and poseidon . the video comes in the wake of a major blow for isis , with saddam hussein 's hometown of tikrit falling into the hands of the iraqi government . tikrit is 80 miles north of baghdad on the main highway to mosul , iraq 's second-largest city . meanwhile isis has taken control of 90 per cent of a palestinian refugee camp on the outskirts of damascus - only a few kilometres from bashar al-assad 's stronghold . a human rights monitoring group claimed that the terror organisation almost has full control of the camp which has a population of 18,000 civilians . the united nations said it was very concerned about the safety of the population . chris gunness of the un relief and works agency said : ' the situation in yarmouk is an affront to the humanity of all of us , a source of universal shame . ' yarmouk is a test , a challenge for the international community . we must not fail . the credibility of the international system itself is at stake . ' the syrian observatory for human rights warned that the population of the camp are under threat of death from isis , hunger and disease . hatra is 68 miles southwest of the city of mosul . it dates back 2,000 years to the seleucid empire which controlled a large part of the ancient world conquered by alexander the great . it is famous for its striking pillared temple at the centre of a sprawling archaeological site . the ancient city , a unesco world heritage site , is said to have withstood invasions by the romans thanks to its high , thick walls reinforced by towers . a temple to the shamash sun god still stands more than 1,750 years after the sassanian empire razed the mesopotamian city . the ancient trading centre in hatra spanned 4 miles in circumference and was supported by more than 160 towers . at its heart are a series of temples with a grand temple at the center — a structure supported by columns that once rose to 100 feet .