it looks like a cross between a catamaran and a hovercraft , but these strange vehicles are actually new new type of aircraft developed in china . two prototypes of the cyg-11 seaplane were tested this week over the sea off the coast of haikou in hainan province in china . the aircraft is believed to be a joint project between russia and china to build new types of super-efficient seaplane . the cyg-11 seaplane ( above ) uses reduced drag and increased lift from wing-in-ground effect to glide . the vehicles takes advantage of an aerodynamic phenomenon known as the wing-in-ground effect - where lift is increased and drag decreased when an aircraft 's wings are close to the ground . length : 13m . wingspan : 15.6 m . weight : 3800 kg . seats : 12 people . maximum load : 1200 kg . maximum range : 1500 km . flight speed : 175 - 250 km/h . flight height : 3-5 m . wave height : 1.25 - 3 m . by placing the wings low on the fuselage of the aircraft , this effect is increased and the the result is an aircraft that essentially floats on a cushion of air . engineers behind the cny 5 billion ( £500 million ) project say the aircraft are capable of flying 62 miles ( 100 km ) on 28 litres of fuel . with a maximum range of 930 miles ( 1,500 km ) , the aircraft can reach a top speed of 155 mph ( 250 km/h ) . the aircraft races over the wavetops at a height of between three to five metres ( 9-15 feet ) . the cyg-11 aircraft , which have been developed by the hainan yingge wing in ground effect craft manufacturing company with russian engineers , can carry 10 passengers plus two flight crew . the company claims to have just finished building a larger version of the aircraft capable of carrying 40 people , but it hopes to develop bigger aircraft capable of carrying between 55 and 120 passengers . the hainan yingge wing in ground effect craft manufacturing company tested two prototypes of the plane . the prototypes are designed to carry two pilots ( above ) and 10 passengers but larger craft are in development . the plane can be used like a catamaran initially until it builds up enough speed to lift off from the ocean . it says the aircraft could find uses for coastal defence , customs patrols and perhaps even be used as the public transport of the future along ' marine highways ' . gu jianxin , a spokesman for the company , told the southern metropolis daily : ' the current technology research and development has matured into mass production . ' the main plan is to invest in tourism , freight , maritime search and rescue and other aspects . ' the cyg-11 ( above ) has been developed with russian engineers and could be used to patrol coastlines . the aircraft ( above ) is designed to fly at low level between 3 m and 5 m above the surface of the ocean . engineers say the aircraft ( above ) could even provide public transport of the future along ' marine highways ' . he estimates that it will cost around $ 20 million dollars for each vessel . powered by two large propellers at the front of the aircraft , the cyg-11 can be driven in the sea much like a catamaran . once it reaches flight speed the aircraft 's wings will begin to lift it off the ocean and it will glide along on a cushion of air . huang dong , one of the pilots who flew the aircraft during the tests , said : ' it felt like when you ride a motorboat then the feeling is just as comfortable as sitting on a plane . there are no boat bumps . ' the company are developing larger aircraft that they hope will be able to carry up to 120 passengers .