aaron ramsey was relieved after arsenal ground their way past reading in extra time to return to the fa cup final . alexis sanchez 's two goals , the second via a howler from reading goalkeeper adam federici , saw the defending champions through despite garath mccleary 's goal for the royals . ramsey told bbc one : ' we knew it was going to be a tough game , they showed great character to come back into it and we were on the ropes at times . aaron ramsey was relieved after arsenal fought their way past reading in extra time to reach the final . ramsey waves to arsenal fans having swapped shirts with reading player and friend chris gunter . ' obviously we had a bit of luck in the last goal but we 're delighted to be going through to another wembley final . ' reading made us work for it but we got through in the end . it does n't matter how , we 're in another final . ' federici left the field in tears after fumbling sanchez 's shot through his legs and over the line for the clinching goal . and ramsey said : ' i 've felt the experience of losing in a final and it 's not a nice feeling . i have sympathy with him but unfortunately a team has to lose and happily for us it was reading today . ' alexis sanchez 's low shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of reading goalkeeper adam federici . federici tries to stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and out of his grasp . the reading goalkeeper , who had been magnificent until then , left the field in tears at the final whistle . arsenal manager arsene wenger ( centre ) gives instructions out to his team before the beginning of extra time . manager arsene wenger said : ' it was tough , they defended well , we did n't find our stride and struggled to win the 50-50s . ' they were on a different planet , motivation-wise , to what we have seen on tape . it 's the occasion of their lives , they would n't give up until the end . ' when you 're in a final you can win , you want to win it - let 's prepare well , finish well in the league , come back here and we 'll do everything to win it . ' sanchez turns away in celebration as reading 's players lay crumpled on the ground after conceding . sanchez ( right ) celebrates alongside team-mate keiran gibbs after scoring for arsenal against reading .