how good to welcome padraig harrington back to augusta after a year’s absence , complete with his weird and wonderful practice-ground routines . on friday , he was at it again , but my favourite moment remains his plaintive lament after a mediocre round : ‘i’m focusing so much on my focus i’m over-focused . ’ padraig harrington hits a tee shot on the fourth hole during the second day of the masters on friday . meth on the rise . headline writers everywhere will be keeping fingers crossed that golf continues to prove an addiction for the highly rated us public links champion byron meth , who opened with a 74 on his masters debut . as for the golfing scribes , we’re just waiting for the blessed day when he meets a lovely girl called crystal . byron meth makes a chip shot on the second hole as the american amateur continues to impress at augusta . par four problems . the stats from a brilliant day one made fascinating reading . the par fives are the scoring holes and lived up to their billing since all of them had a scoring average under the regulation mark . the par fours , though , are where you hang on . half had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher , with the 11th yielding just three birdies all day . taking poetic license . top marks to the augusta chronicle columnist who wrote a poem about the merchandise pavilion in the 1990s so good he decided to share it with his readers again on friday . ‘ they came , they saw , they bought souvenirs , ’ it begins . i know how terribly disappointed you’ll be that space permits me from sharing with you the 23 stanzas that followed . jordan spieth marks his ball in the 15th hole during the second round of action at augusta . nicklaus or ‘99’ ? in addition to being able to buy an arnold palmer as your drink of choice in augusta you can now have jack nicklaus ice cream for dessert . no word yet , however , on when bubba watson’s marmite or ben crenshaw’s treacle hits the shelves . as for tiger woods , he’ll surely launch his own iced lolly soon . jack nicklaus waves to the crowd before hitting off on the first tee during the honorary starters ceremony . augusta sees reds . it is not just former liverpool captain jamie redknapp who’s enjoying these sacred acres this week but the club’s greatest ever player as well . i’m going to guess mad-keen golfer kenny dalglish was quite happy when wife marina produced tickets as an anniversary present . patrons watch the play at the 16th hole during a thrilling second day of play in augusta . 