a stunning convertible ferrari which is almost identical to one that was famously destroyed in cult 1980s film ferris bueller 's day off is expected to sell for £10million at auction . the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider is widely regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made . but it is best known for that infamous scene in the 1986 teen comedy starring matthew broderick . the car , in classic ferrari red , was the pride and joy of the father of ferris bueller 's best friend cameron in the movie . that was until the friends take the model out for a spin which results in the convertible accidentally smashing through its glass showroom doors into the ravine below . a stunning ferrari - which is almost identical to the model driven in cult eighties classic film ferris bueller 's day off is up for auction . the 1961 ferrari 250 gt swb california spider ( pictured ) is regarded by many as the most beautiful convertible ever made . but its most famous moment came it was used as the car for the 1986 teen comedy ferris bueller , starring matthew broderick . in the movie , ferris took best friend cameron 's dad 's red model out without permission but the car eventually trashed . you killed the car : in one of the film world 's best-known scenes , the beloved ferrari crashes into the ravine below after cameron accidentally knocks it off the jack . this car , however , is in significantly better condition and has recently undergone a full restoration by ferrari in maranello . one of just 16 in existence , it has a 3-litre v12 engine which develops around 280bhp . it will do 0-60mph in less than 7 seconds and hit a top speed of more than 150mph . it will be sold next month at rm sotheby 's auction in villa erba , italy , and has a guide price of around £8 million . the ferrari , featuring the distinctive logo on the steering wheel , will be sold next month at rm sotheby 's auction in villa erba , italy , and has a guide price of around £8 million . this car , which has undergone a full restoration by ferrari in maranello in northern italy , is expected to go for much more than its guide price . the convertible , which features luxury tan leather seats , is one of just 16 in existence and features a 3-litre v12 engine which develops around 280bhp . it will do 0-60mph in less than 7 seconds and hit a top speed of more than 150mph and in the auction catalogue , rm sotheby 's called it ' the most celebrated open-air ferrari ever made ' and ' an automobile with few peers ' . but it is expected to sell for significantly more after a model previously owned by the french actor alain delon and requiring a full restoration sold for £12.5 million earlier this year . peter wallman , car specialist at rm sotheby 's , said : ' perhaps the most beautiful convertible car ever made , and featuring the powerful colombo designed 3.0-litre v12 engine , this spacious and versatile two-seat sports car with race car performance is the ultimate road going ferrari of all time . ' the car 's ability to be driven at high speed on the track as well as comfortably across continents boosted appeal to a number of high profile customers . hollywood star james coburn owned one - with chris evans buying it in 2008 for a then world record £5.6 million . the delon car sold for more than twice this figure seven years later . this model , known as chassis 2505 gt , was originally bought by an italian driver before the ownership was passed to a swiss person . it was later owned by a brit and is currently back in italian ownership . the car 's ability to be driven at high speed on the track as well as comfortably across continents boosted appeal to a number of high profile customers . rather than ' ferrari red ' the car is a deep navy with chrome , such as on the bumper and wheels , polished to a blinding brilliance . earlier this year a model previously owned by the french actor alain delon and requiring a full restoration sold for £12.5 million . hollywood star james coburn owned one - with chris evans buying it in 2008 for a then world record £5.6 million . the delon car sold for more than twice this figure seven years later . this model , known as chassis 2505 gt , was originally sold to an italian , before belonging to a swiss . it was later owned by a brit and is currently thought to belong to an italian . in the auction catalogue , rm sotheby 's called it ' the most celebrated open-air ferrari ever made ' and ' an automobile with few peers ' . it added : ' ownership of such an automobile , both now and when new , is something that almost every ferrari enthusiast aspires to yet something that few can attain . ' it is the epitome of la dolce vita in the automotive world , as it combines timeless style with incredible performance , and it is an automobile equally capable of pleasing its owner on the open road , the race track , or both in a single day . ' this car drives beautifully , looks absolutely spectacular , and is ready to delight its next owner . ' the roomy boot has plenty of space for shopping or a little luggage and also contains the car 's spare tire and a bag of tools . the ' timeless ' luxury car comes with its certificate of authenticity and a leather bag full of a variety of different tools for maintenance . sotheby 's said the ferrari epitomised ' la dolce vita in the automotive world ' and said the car ' drives beautifully , looks absolutely spectacular , and is ready to delight its next owner ' . ferrari in maranello , in southern italy , has spent hours carrying out a full restoration - both outside and under the hood - to bring it into near-mint condition . ferris bueller 's day off ( pictured ) famed for crashing the stunning ferrari , launched the career of matthew broderick ( center ) , alan ruck ( right ) and sloane paterson ( left ) .