one of diego simeone’s many managerial mantras – and there are already enough to fill a volume that would rival louis van gaal’s biographie & vision – is : ‘ i always think that tomorrow i could be sacked’ . it perfectly illustrates his work ethic and his obsession with guarding against complacency but even he must know that right now no-one is further from the chop than the 44-year-old coach who took atletico madrid to the title last season and leads them into the champions league quarter-final against real madrid on tuesday night . there was a communal sigh let-out across several boardrooms of top european football clubs two weeks ago when he put pen to paper on a new deal that ties him to the club until 2019 . diego simeone shows off his playing skills as he prepare atletico madrid for their champions league clash . simeone talks to his squad ahead of real madrid 's visit on tuesday night in the quarter final first leg . sporting directors from manchester to milan were watching his situation carefully and the new four year contract with the option of a fifth season appears to have ended his chances of arriving in italy or england this summer . back home in madrid the atletico supporters were delirious at the news . never mind that last year’s title will not be repeated this season . the fans have long enough memories to remember how bad things were back in december 2011 , before his appointment . current chelsea striker diego costa would also remember that period well . he was just about to return from a cruciate ligament injury that had sidelined him for three months . the argentinian manager has imposed his incredible work ethic on his players since joining atletico . simeone has turned atletico around since joining in december 2011 , and recently extended his deal . his atletico madrid team-mates were stagnating under coach gregorio manzano and had just been knocked out of the cup by a third division side , albacete . costa had previously been out on loan at albacete and had the good grace to go into their dressing-room after the game and congratulate his former team-mates on their giantkilling scalp . back in his own dressing room the mood was bleak . the team were closer to the relegation zone than the european places and manzano was soon sacked and replaced by simeone . sceptics said his inexperience as a coach in europe would prevent him succeeding . romantics said the former captain and double winner at atletico would bring back the glory days . the romantics were right . without costa , who was at first loaned out to rayo vallecano , simeone’s atletico won the europa league and the european super cup . costa returned to help them win the copa del rey and the league as well as making last season’s champions league final . that final in lisbon seemed to put real back on top in the spanish capital but simeone’s noisy neighbours have refused to pipe-down . in the six subsequent matches between the two sides they have not let real win a single game . in the two-legged spanish super cup at the start of the season atletico drew 1-1 in the bernabeu and beat real 1-0 in the calderon . they then went to the bernabeu in the league and won 2-1 . saul scores a brilliant bicycle kick during the 4-0 win over real at the vicente calderon earlier this season . cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale were unable to do anything to prevent atletico 's dominance in february . and when the two teams were drawn against each other in the copa del rey atletico won the first leg 2-0 and then drew the second . worse was to come for real madrid in the league in february when they lost the away fixture 4-0 . this season atletico madrid are not going to win the league but no one is ruling out another tilt at the prize they were seconds from winning last season – leading from diego godin’s goal until the last minute when sergio ramos scored to take the match to extra time . atletico players had told anyone who would listen throughout last season that while they didn’t give themselves much of a chance in la liga up against the stronger squads of real madrid and barcelona , they did fancy themselves in the champions league – ‘ we can beat anyone over two legs’ was the message and that still stands . they showed tremendous resilience to come through against bayer leverkusen in the last round with fernando torres scoring the last penalty of the shoot-out . ronaldo scored the fourth goal in real madrid 's win over their rivals in last year 's champions league final . simeone 's players watch on after losing out in lisbon , but are determined to bounce back this year . he put through his own net at the weekend in the league typifying that faltering league form and will probably make way for mario mandzukic tuesday . the battering-ram bought from bayern in the summer to replace costa has not always met simeone’s demands for constant pressing of the opposition’s defence this season . after a fall-out with simone , who in one recent match was visibly furious with his striker , a fragile truce has been called although the likes of psg’s edinson cavani and villarreal’s luciano vietto are being looked at as replacements for next season . mandzukic told his manager recently that he had regularly played through injury and wanted resting . he was obliged , and now looks set to be brought back in to face pepe and sergio ramos . former bayern munich striker mario mandzukic ( behind ) is set to start alongside antoine griezmann . mandzukic has patched up his relationship with simeone and will play ahead of fernando torres on tuesday . tuesday night may well be as much about keeping a clean sheet as scoring . ronaldo returns the scene of madrid’s biggest crime this season – that 4-0 defeat in the league on the day he celebrated his 30th birthday . sometimes in training simeone likes to play a very special game of attack against defence . he lines up a first team back seven against 14 youth teamers . he’s proud of the first-team defences’ ability to keep the ball out of their goal despite being outnumbered two to one . whether 14 youth team players amounts to more or less than gareth bale , ronaldo and karim benzema is open to debate . but then again those three were all on the pitch back in february for the 4-0 atletico win and they never got anywhere near a goal . tuesday night is a chance for real madrid to avenge that defeat , but it’ s also another chance for simeone to show once again that in the spanish capital he is the boss . 