a missouri inmate was executed tuesday night for killing a man in a fit of rage over child support payments 16 years ago . andre cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in missouri . his fate was sealed after the u.s. supreme court turned down several appeals , including one claiming cole was mentally ill and unfit for execution . cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on tuesday at the eastern reception , diagnostic and correctional center in bonne terre , missouri and was pronounced dead at 10.24pm , a spokesman for the missouri department of corrections wrote in a statement to daily mail online . scroll down for video . andre cole , 52 , became the third convicted killer put to death this year in missouri . he declined to order a last meal and received the day 's inmate tray meal of a turkey and bologna sandwich , a cookie and fruit punch . he did not provide a final written statement , the spokesman said . department of corrections director george a. lombardi read the following statement from gov . jay nixon : ' next week marks the observance of crime victims’ rights week in missouri , and tonight i ask the people of our state to especially remember anthony curtis , murdered by the man whose sentence was carried out tonight . ' far too often , the names of those who are victims of violent crime , such as anthony curtis , are the names that are forgotten . ' please join us in keeping anthony curtis and his loved ones in your thoughts and prayers . ' on tuesday , gov . nixon refused a clemency petition that raised concerns about the fact that cole , who was black , was convicted and sentenced by an all-white jury . cole and his wife , terri , were married for 11 years and had two children before divorcing in 1995 . the couple fought about visitation and he was upset about child support payments , authorities said . by 1998 , cole was $ 3,000 behind in child support . attorney general chris koster said cole became angry when he learned that a payroll withholding order was issued to his employer , taking the money out of his check . ' before i give her another dime , i 'll kill ( her ) , ' cole told co-workers , according to koster . the first deduction appeared on his august 21 , 1998 , paycheck . hours later , cole forced his way into his ex-wife 's home by throwing a tire jack through a glass door , koster said . he was confronted by curtis , a friend who was visiting . andre cole used a kitchen knife to repeatedly stab curtis , then terri cole . curtis died but terri cole survived . cole fled the state but surrendered 33 days later . he claimed at trial that he did not bring a weapon into terri cole 's house and that curtis initiated the attack with a knife . andre cole 's brother , deangelo cole , 38 , of las vegas , said the attack was out of character for his sibling . he called it a crime of passion . ' it was a one-time thing , ' deangelo cole said . ' he did n't have a history of that kind of behavior . ' cole 's attorney , joseph luby , said cole 's mental health deteriorated during the more than a decade he spent in prison . he said cole was plagued by psychosis and constantly heard voices in his head . cole was executed by lethal injection at 10.15pm on tuesday at the eastern reception , diagnostic and correctional center ( above ) in bonne terre , missouri . the courts were not convinced . both the missouri supreme court and the u.s. supreme court declined to halt the execution based on mental health concerns . the u.s. supreme court also turned away appeals based on missouri 's secretive method of obtaining the execution drug pentobarbital and over how instructions were given to the jury . the jury itself was the source of the clemency request to nixon . advocates for cole , including the naacp , the american civil liberties union and others , said his case was among many in which st. louis county prosecutors unfairly prohibited black jurors from hearing a death penalty case involving a black suspect . all 12 jurors in cole 's case were white . kimber edwards , who was scheduled for execution in may , was also convicted and sentenced by an all-white jury . the missouri supreme court , without explanation , canceled the execution orders for edwards earlier this month . missouri tied texas for the most executions in 2014 with 10 . missouri has now executed 15 men since november 2013 .