these shocking photographs reveal how a horse riding event for a cancer charity in northern ireland apparently used a surprise jump in the shape of a car . dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after a horse attempted to jump a black peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in greencastle , county tyrone . one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf , dismounting a rider , after trying to scale the vehicle - a jump that could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs . shocking scene : dozens of animal welfare complaints have been made after a horse attempted to jump a black peugeot 206 car with glass still in the windscreen at the event in greencastle , county tyrone . fall : one animal can be seen crashing head first into the turf , dismounting a rider , after trying to scale the vehicle - a jump which could have seen it suffer deep wounds or even fatal broken legs . a number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event on march 28 . one rider reported visiting a & e to be treated for badly bruised ligaments after her horse fell . one complaint sent to welfare officers warned that ‘ someone could have been killed’ at the event . it said : ‘ the public were asked to attend a charity “hack” which is supposed to be a casual walk ; trot through road or forest trails with your horse with an odd natural fence to jump – i.e . trees or ditches . ‘ in reality some the horses were made jump extremely dangerous obstacles , one being a car with glass still within and over atrocious ground conditions which is nothing short of animal cruelty . ' it added : ‘ from these pictures some of these animals are clearly not fit enough to be partaking in any jumping activities , ridden by people who had no regard for the safety of them . ’ the complainant said a friend had attended the event , believing it would be in a good cause for charity , but was ‘ utterly shocked at what she witnessed , advising many horses were beaten’ . ‘ one particular horse left with the skin from his chest between his legs torn and hanging off , ’ they added . ‘ there was a flap of skin hanging down between the horse’s legs . ’ getting up : a number of horses were said to have left the field with injuries at the event in northern ireland . the ulster society for the prevention of cruelty to animals said today that complaints had been made after the horses were ‘ exploited and abused’ in the ‘ obviously dangerous’ event . a spokesman told mailonline : ‘ people have quite rightly felt the animals were being exploited and abused . our point would be that the riders have the choice , but the horses don’t . ’ fermanagh and omagh district council - which has the power to prosecute , unlike the uscpa - said its animal welfare and agriculture officials are aware of the incident and are investigating . but patricia keenan , 34 , who organised the event , said she had originally planned for the car to feature as a jump obstacle - but it was intended to be a ' photographic prop’ on the day . she told the ulster herald : ‘ on the morning of the ride-out i had delegated a number of tasks , one of which was to close the pallets across the approach to the jump and hang a red flag on it . ‘ unfortunately due to time constraints and confusion within the delegated voluntary assistants , this instruction was not executed , with the unfortunate consequence that a few riders out of the entire field of 65 riders elected of their own will to deviate from the designated clearly marked route which involved a modest jump over a ditch . ’ the charity supported by the race , charis cancer care , said its trustees were not aware of the fundraiser - and would only comment on what had happened once it had investigated the matter .