a 3-year-old 's recurring nightmare about a mysterious white van may help shed light on what really happened the day her mother died in an suv crash that virginia police have ruled a tragic accident . natali castellanos-tyler , 30 , a married mother of three from chesterfield county , was returning home from a birthday party february 21 with her daughter , elisa , in the backseat when she supposedly slid off a rain-soaked road , slammed her silver ford explorer into a tree and died at the scene . investigators concluded that the crash was a one-car collision that was caused by poor road conditions . scroll down for video . loss : natali castellanos-tyler , 30 , pictured with her husband , craig , and their two children , was killed in an suv crash in virginia two months ago to the day . deadly impact : castellanos-tyler was just a few miles from her home when her 2002 ford explorer ran off the road in the 15400 block of genito road and careened into a tree . accident : police said the crash was a one-car collision caused by a rain-soaked road . elisa tyler emerged from the accident largely unscathed , but according to her father , craig tyler , the little girl has been plagued by disturbing nightmares and daytime visions about the accident . 'she’ll just start walking and she’ll start screaming , `` the van , the white van ! ” ' the young widower told cbs6 . 'i’ll say , `` what happened with the white van ? '' and she says , `` it hurt me — it hurt my car ! ” ' tyler , who is now raising his their children , ages 9 , 3 and 1 , on his own after his wife 's passing , at first did not know what to make of elisa 's night terrors . but then this past weekend he came across several facebook posts from nearby communities of foxcroft and magnolia green about a series of hit-and-run accidents involving a white box truck . one facebook user , 17-year-old caitlyn thomas , claimed she was side-swiped by a white delivery-style truck on otterdale road march 30 ; the impact of the collision reportedly sent a piece of her side-view mirror crashing through the driver 's window . doubt : little elisa , pictured left with her parents and baby brother , and right with her mom , has been having nightmares and daytime visions about a white van , which her father believes may have something to do with the crash . widower : craig tyler says the toddler , pictured above , has told him that the white van in her dreams ' hurt ' her and her car . sightings : a plain white delivery-style box truck , possibly similar to the one pictured above , has been linked to no fewer than three hit-and-run incidents in which two cars and a school bus were side-swiped . according to an eyewitness , the driver of the truck briefly slowed down and turned his head back to look at thomas ' damaged car , but then took off from the scene without waiting for police to arrive . a day earlier , subastree thompson said she was also side-swiped by a white box truck on the same road . according to the woman , who was driving with her 3-year-old in the backseat , the white van was carrying two or three men sitting in a single row . the van slowed down for a moment but then sped off before thompson had a chance to take down its license plate number . then on april 3 , a plain white van matching the same description as in the two earlier incidents allegedly side-swiped a school bus filled with students from cosby high school . chesterfield county police said they were investigating a possible connection between the crashes , but a spokesperson for the department said there was no evidence in castellano-tyler 's collision to suggest the involvement of another vehicle . dashing duo : natali , a native of el salvador , and craig met by chance at a restaurant several years ago and married in a courthouse in 2013 . the 30-year-old leaves behind three children , including a 9-year-old boy from a previous relationship in el salvador and her and craig 's two kids , ages 1 and 3 . tragic twist : the couple had been planning to have a formal wedding ceremony this coming july and natali had picked out an ivory lace dress ( pictured ) for the big day . instead , she was laid to rest in her dream gown . the woman was just a few miles from her home when at 2pm her 2002 ford explorer ran off the road in the 15400 block of genito road and careened into a tree , reported the station wric . paramedics arrived on the scene but it was too late for the mother . her daughter elisa was taken to a hospital with minor scrapes and bruises . on monday , nearly two months to the day after the crash , natali’s husband , craig , wrote on his facebook page that he was praying ‘ for the truth to be revealed . ’ he and natali , a native of el salvador , met years earlier at a local restaurant and married with little fanfare in a courthouse on june 21 , 2012 . the couple had been planning to have a formal wedding ceremony this coming july , followed by a long-awaited honeymoon . natali had an ivory lace gown picked out for the big day , but instead of wearing it to go down the aisle , she was laid to rest in her dream dress february 27 in the presence of her heartbroken family . a gofundme account has been set up to help cover some of the tyler family 's living expenses . so far , more than $ 15,440 has been raised . 