qpr are still two points and a seven-goal swing away from premier league safety but in winger matt phillips they might just have the man to help them beat the drop . the hoops winger has been in sensational form since the turn of the year and now sits second - behind only barcelona 's lionel messi - in the list of top assist makers in europe 's big five leagues in 2015 . phillips set up another two goals for chris ramsey 's side in their 3-3 draw with aston villa on tuesday night , taking his tally for 2015 - and the season - to seven . qpr 's matt phillips ( left ) now has seven assists in 2015 - the second highest tally in europe 's top five leagues . phillips also scored qpr 's opening goal as chris ramsey 's side drew 3-3 with aston villa on tuesday . barcelona star lionel messi has made more assists ( eight ) this year than any other player . wolfsburg midfielder kevin de bruyne has 17 assists in the bundesliga this season , with seven this year . that leaves the former blackpool man just one behind argentine superstar messi , who has recorded eight assists this year to help luis enrique 's side to the top of la liga . phillips , who also scored qpr 's opening goal at villa park , is level with wolfsburg playmaker kevin de bruyne when it comes to laying on goals for his team-mates . the ex-chelsea midfielder has made an incredible 17 assists in the bundesliga this season , with seven of those arriving since the turn of the year . verona 's emil halfredsson , who spent an unsuccessful two-year spell with tottenham between 2005 and 2007 , is one of six players to have laid on five goals in 2015 . the icelandic winger has the same amount of assists as arsenal midfielder santi cazorla , who has played a major part in the gunners ' superb run of form since mid-january . arsenal midfielder santi cazorla ( right ) is one of six players to have recorded five assists this year . slovakian midfielder marek hamsik has managed five assists for serie a side napoli this year . marseille winger dimitri payet ( right ) has set up five goals for the ligue 1 side in 2015 . ligue 1 title-chasers marseille have benefited from the assists of dimitri payet , who has 13 for the season and five since the french top-flight resumed on january 9 . napoli 's marek hamsik , bayer leverkusen 's gonzalo castro and palermo 's franco vazquez have also made five assists in 2015 .