manning 's profile picture is a sketch done of her since she began living as a woman . chelsea manning , the us army solider who was convicted of leaking thousands of secret diplomatic cables to wikileaks , has begun tweeting from behind bars at leavenworth military prison in kansas . manning sent out 15 tweets on friday afternoon - mostly to thank her supporters , including the american civil liberties union , amnesty international and journalist glenn greenwald . within just a few hours @ xychelsea racked up more than 16,000 followers . she also gave a shout out to tom morello , the frontman of rage against the machine . ' thank you for the support ! i’m a huge fan of ratm and your music , ' she tweeted . morello replied : ' take care , stay strong . ' manning 's lawyer told politico that she was dictating the tweets over the phone to supporters in ' close contact ' with her . she mentioned the difficulty of tweeting from prison in a tweet that said : ' tweeting from prison reqs a lot of effort and using a voice phone to dictate # 90sproblems . ' the 27-year-old is serving a 35-year sentence for espionage and computer fraud after being convicted in 2013 for leaking a slew of military documents and thousands of military cables that she had access to as an arm intelligence analyst . tweeting out : chelsea manning , formerly known as bradly , has started a twitter account from prison in kansas , where she is serving 35 years for espionage . manning gave a shout out to rage against the machine fontman tom morello , who heaped praise on her in turn . manning , who was born bradley but has begun living as a woman since going to prison , maintains a deeply divided place in public opinion - with some regarding him as a whistle-blower an a hero and others regarding her actions as traitorous and damaging to american security . she revealed that she wants to use the twitter to disseminate about ' meaningful ' news about her life and government transparency . 'i’m hoping to stay connected w/ this account as much as poss. , but would rather tweet about more meaningful things than not # lessismore , ' she tweeted . chelsea manning is now living as a woman and is working to transition her gender from male to female . at right , chelsea is pictures at her trial as she was living as bradley . manning is dictating the tweets over the phone to close friends . she does not have direct access to social media from prison . manning thanked journalist glenn greenwald and amnesty international , among several other supporters .