william shakespeare may indeed have been the original author of the play double falsehood after all . a play discovered nearly 300 years ago and said to be a shakespeare forgery was really written by the bard himself , new research has revealed . the work titled double falsehood was presented by theatre impresario lewis theobald in the 18th century as an adaptation of a shakespeare play about a spanish nobleman 's ignoble pursuit of two women . theobald , a known scholar of shakespeare , mounted his play at drury lane theatre in london on december 13 , 1727 , claiming that it was a re-working of an original by the bard and that he had three original texts . his claims were greeted with widespread scepticism in the eighteenth century , including from the great poet alexander pope , who had considerable clout . but a new study of its language to build up a psychological profile of the writer ' strongly identifies ' the legendary playwright as the true author . dr ryan boyd of the university of texas said : ' research in psychology has shown some of the core features of who a person is at their deepest level can be revealed based on how they use language . ' with our new study , we show you can actually take a lot of this information and put it all together at once to understand an author like shakespeare rather deeply . ' the study applied psychological theory and text analysing software and goes beyond confirming authorship by word counts and linguistic regularities . mr boyd explained : ' this research shows it is indeed possible to start modelling peoples ' mental worlds in much more complete ways . ' we do not need a time machine and a survey form to figure out what type of person shakespeare was - we can determine that very accurately just based on how he wrote using methods that are objective and easy to do . ' results showed the author of double falsehood was likely to be sociable and fairly well educated , findings that do not fit with accounts of theobald as rigid and abrasive . theobald published double falsehood in 1728 and claimed it was based on three original shakespeare manuscripts which have since been lost , presumably destroyed by a library fire . yet the authorship of the play has been hotly contested ever since . to get to the bottom of the mystery 33 plays by the bard , twelve by theobald and nine by shakespeare 's collaborator john fletcher , were examined in the study published in psychological science . jacobean dramatist john fletcher ( left ) most likely collaborated with shakespeare on double falsehood ( right ) , which was long thought not to have had anything to do with the bard . software evaluated ' function words ' including pronouns , articles and prepositions and words belonging to various content categories such as emotions , family , sensory perception and religion . they also looked at ' categorical writing ' which tends to be heavy on nouns , articles and prepositions and indicates an analytic or formal way of thinking . people who rate high on this are likely to be emotionally distant , applying problem solving approaches to everyday situations while those who rate low tend to live in the moment and are more focused on social matters . by aggregating dozens of psychological features of each playwright , the researchers were able to create a psychological signature for each individual and compare them with that of the writer of double falsehood . every measure but one identified shakespeare as the likely author with theobald identified as the best match only when it came to his use of content words . but when the texts were analysed across individual acts , they found a more nuanced picture . the first three continued to point the finger at shakespeare , but for the fourth and fifth the measures varied between him and fletcher . again , theobald 's influence appeared to be very minor . boyd said : ' honestly , i was surprised to see such a strong signal for shakespeare showing through in the results . ' going into the research without any real background knowledge , i had just kind of assumed it was going to be a pretty cut and dry case of a fake shakespeare play , which would have been really interesting in and of itself . ' tangled relationships , women disguised as men , intrigue laced with tragedy and comedy - some might say double falsehood has all the hallmarks of shakespeare . set in the province of andalusia in spain , a love rat called henriquez angelo courts a beautiful peasant girl , violante , and forces himself upon her when she rejects his advances . stricken by a guilty conscience he nevertheless seduces leonora , the future wife of his absent best friend julio . she accepts henriquez 's marriage proposal against her will , because her father don bernardo wants a family connection with nobility . leonora writes a letter to julio who returns to interrupt the wedding , causing her to faint . her father discovers a dagger and suicide note on her person , revealing her determination not to be forced into marriage . but for the best part of three centuries the play was dismissed as a falsehood in more than just title . that was until 2010 when professor brean hammond , of the university of nottingham , put forward his thesis that the play originates from a collaboration between shakespeare and jacobean dramatist john fletcher . he claimed the versification was very similar to other works by shakespeare and that double falsehood contained words never seen before and not previously used by theobald . dr boyd 's new study is the latest to support this revisionist view .