gary mabbutt has spoken for the first time about how he was left with a 30 inch scar following a five hour operation to save his leg . the ex-tottenham and england star , 53 , was rushed to hospital after waking up at 1am to find that the leg had gone cold back in 2013 . mabbutt 's diabetes had led to a clogged artery in the limb and doctors warned him it was ' touch and go ' on whether it would have to be amputated . gary mabbutt has been left with a 30inch scar on his left leg after his diabetes caused an artery to be clogged . he was treated at king 's college hospital in south east london , undergoing an emergency five-hour operation . surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal the horrific wound . mabbutt , who was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes at 17 , will not be able to play football again , leaving his dream of becoming a manager in tatters . as he is unable to train with players on the pitch , he has been forced to turn down roles in coaching . surgeons were required to replace the main artery in his left leg with a vein and needed 112 staples to seal it . the spurs legend has spoken for the first time about the agony he went through and says he hopes to raise awareness of his condition . speaking to the sun , he said : ' when they talked about battling to save my leg , i realised i was helpless . as a diabetic you know complications can occur . but you think `` it 's never going to happen to me '' . it is vital to educate everyone with diabetes how to take care of themselves . if you have anything unusual with your feet , tingly toes , blisters , see your doctor . ' in 1982 , father-of-two mabbutt became the first diabetic ever to play for england and captained tottenham to fa cup glory in 1991 . former star : mabbutt is pictured , left , lifting the fa cup while playing for tottenham in 1991 . he was unaware that his diabetes had triggered peripheral arterial disease , clogging up the blood vessels in the legs . every year , surgeons perform around 8,000 amputations on diabetics in the uk - but campaigners say four out five could be prevented . amputations cost the nhs £650million a year - and up 80 per cent of the amputees die within five years . diabates sufferers are entitled to annual eye tests as they are are 20 times more likely to develop sight problems , but gary mabbutt wants a similar programme to apply to feet . experts say millions of diabetics are unaware their condition could lead to foot problems and agree regular checks could save limbs .