jodi arias has reported to prison to begin serving her life sentence for murder , and she has a new mugshot . the image shows a stone-faced arias dressed in an orange prison uniform . it 's a sharp contrast from her original booking photo in which displayed a smirk . she later said she flashed the grin because that 's what her victim would have done if he were in the same situation . she also figured the mugshot would be all over the internet , ' so why not ? ' arias was convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison - with no change of parole - on monday . she plans to appeal the conviction . scroll down for video . life in prison is no laughing matter : jodi arias looks serious in a new mugshot ( left ) taken this week , as she starts her life in prison sentence for murdering ex-boyfriend travis alexander . in her first mugshot , taken in 2008 ( right ) , arias smiled on purpose because she knew the picture would be widely published . she killed ex-boyfriend travis alexander in what prosecutors said was a jealous rage because he wanted to break off their relationship . arias killed her ex-boyfriend in 2008 after a stormy relationship . prosecutors say she murdered him in a jealous rage because he wanted to break off the relationship . she shot alexander and stabbed him nearly 30 times in his suburban phoenix home before fleeing and driving to utah to meet up with another romantic interest . she was arrested weeks later and initially denied any involvement . international media attention soon followed after she did two television interviews in which she told a bizarre story of masked intruders breaking into the home and killing alexander while she cowered in fear . she subsequently changed her story and said it was self-defense after alexander attacked her on the day he died . the rest of her life : on monday , a judge sentenced arias to life in prison without the possibility of parole . arias pictured above in maricopa county superior court the day the sentence was handed down . victorious for some : chris hughes , friend of victim travis alexander , claps his hands as he leaves the maricopa count courthouse following sentencing on monday . victim : prosecutors said arias heartlessly killed alexander ( pictured together above ) because he wanted to break up with her . her 2013 trial became a media circus as details of their kinky relationship and the violent crime scene emerged in court and were broadcast live . spectators traveled to phoenix and lined up in the middle of the night to get a seat in the courtroom to catch a glimpse of what had become to many a real-life soap opera . interest in the case intensified after arias did a jailhouse interview minutes after she was convicted of murder , telling a local tv reporter that she preferred the death penalty over life in prison . ' i would much rather die sooner than later . longevity runs in my family , and i do n't want to spend the rest of my natural life in one place , ' she said . the original jury was deadlocked on whether to sentence her to death , setting up another penalty phase trial that began last year . after months of testimony and efforts by arias ' lawyers to portray alexander as a sexual deviant who physically and emotionally abused her , the second jury also failed to reach a unanimous decision — this time 11-1 in favor of death . the 11 jurors who wanted the death penalty said the holdout juror had an agenda and was sympathetic to arias .