sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000 – forcing buyers to barter them down , analysis shows . a study found that britons selling their properties refuse to admit the housing market has cooled and mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine . buyers must now increasingly treat asking prices as a starting point for negotiations as sellers demand silly prices , it is claimed . sellers are now wildly over-valuing their houses by around £74,000 – forcing buyers to barter them down , analysis shows . while average sale prices are about £207,000 in the uk , advertised asking prices are typically £74,000 higher at £281,000 . researchers analysed sold price data from the office for national statistics , land registry , halifax and nationwide and compared it to asking prices on the uk’s largest property website rightmove . online estate agent emoov said many sellers still believed they were selling at the market’s peak and were routinely over-pricing their property , encouraging buyers to put in cheeky offers . a report said : ‘ previous high demand in many areas caused house prices in england and wales to soar , with many sellers now looking to cash in as a result of a particularly buoyant market . ‘ but as the market begins to cool , those looking to sell are doing so at increasingly unrealistic prices . ’ last year , house prices rose by 8 per cent , according to halifax , peaking at 10 per cent over the summer . but forecasts suggest prices will grow at a fraction of this rate this year . the study said a recent fall in activity in the housing market had also prompted some estate agents to over-value properties in a bid to secure custom from depleted numbers of sellers . it said some agents ‘ overvalue a property on purpose to win the business and get the seller on their books’ , knowing the price must later be knocked down significantly before it sells . russell quirk , of emoov.co.uk , said : ‘ unfortunately it’s a common place practice in the high street sector . ‘ the agent is driven by a percentage fee so they will overprice a property to try their luck , win the business and increase their profit margins . a study found that britons selling their properties refuse to admit the housing market has cooled and mistakenly believe they are sitting on a goldmine . ‘ understandably the seller opts for the agent that claims they can get the highest price , as we are all motivated , to some extent , by money . ‘ then as regular as clockwork the agent will ring them a few weeks down the line and ‘advise’ on a lower asking price in order to sell . ‘ but it is , in part , down to the seller . ‘ if someone has it in their head they should achieve x amount , they will list at this regardless of what advice they receive . ’ a survey of 2,000 sellers in england and wales , carried out by emoov , found that that more than half of sellers would list their property at a price recommended by their agent . but over a third said they would list at a higher price than this , while only one in 20 said they would go lower than the recommendation . a third of sellers also said getting the highest price was the most important factor , while a quarter said their priority was securing a buyer with stable finances . a seventh of respondents said not missing out on purchasing a new home they liked was the most important issue . andrew montlake , of mortgage brokers coreco partners , said : ‘ estate agents say their biggest battle at the moment is trying to get sellers to agree to a realistic figure because they are reluctant to accept that prices have come down . ‘ at the start of last year , we had the perfect storm . the economy was recovering and buyers and sellers who had done nothing for five years leapt into action . ‘ lenders wanted to lend and the market went crazy , with almost every property receiving a ridiculous number of offers . ‘ but we are now in a more sensible market and the buyers are back in control . there is no longer the same demand . ’ he added : ‘ the difficulty is trying to get vendors to put their home on the market for a realistic price to get buyers through the door . ‘ once they have interest in their property , they may find the price is pushed up if buyers enter into a bidding war . ’