it 's a sugar-laden feast made from four seven-inch wide waffles , 12 scoops of thick ice-cream , four chocolate flakes and if that is n't sweet enough for you , it comes with a giant portion of whipped cream to top it off . the sickly sweet dessert - which contains an astonishing 5,000 calories - is on sale at the wicked waffle in north end , portsmouth , for £25 . however , for customers who can manage to clear their plate within 45 minutes , with no toilet breaks , they are awarded the meal for free and a winners ' t-shirt . scroll down for video . a diner takes on the challenge at the wicked waffle cafe in north end , portsmouth . the unhealthy dessert contains four 7-inch wide waffles , 12 huge scoops of thick ice-cream , four flakes and a giant portion of whipped cream . in the last six months , dozens of ravenous diners have taken on the wicked waffle challenge - and only two people have managed to finish it . the man behind the wicked waffle challenge , cafe owner harry harrison , 46 , said : ' most of the customers manage to eat half of the wacky waffle but they 're so stuffed after that , they completely give up ! ' they also start to feel extremely cold and shiver from all the ice-cream they 've had to eat . ' ' we 've had a complete range of people take on the wicked waffle challenge from young women to bodybuilders . ' the only people who finished it were two bulky men - one of whom was legendary competitive eater , randy santel , who came to portsmouth from america to try it . ' randy completed it an amazing 13 minutes 11 seconds , and the other competitor simon did it in 23 minutes 55 seconds . the giant waffles are made from four eggs , three cups of milk , a cup of butter and three cups of flour . competitive eater randy santel and friend simon about to take on the wicked waffle challenge . good attempt : two female diners throw in the towel as they are unable to clean their plates . the over-the-top treat has created a real buzz around portsmouth . mr harrison said : ' you come across lots of savoury eating challenges with burgers and steaks but you hardly ever see a sweet one . ' that 's what inspired to create the wicked waffle challenge . ' it 's been very popular and lots of people have been talking about it on facebook . '