straight after easter on planet football comes squeaky bum time , but the only squeaking at chelsea came from jose mourinho , trying to contain his mirth when told west ham had the most positive tactics in england . mourinho was having no truck with the barclays premier league 's fair play table , which lauded the hammers for their attacking style and frowned upon chelsea 's lack of respect . he dismissed it as a joke . he was relaxed ahead of a visit from manchester united . he even offered support to manuel pellegrini , claiming the manchester city boss had been treated like a ' criminal ' after losing six of eight games . chelsea manager jose mourinho has spoken out in defence of under pressure colleague manuel pellegrini . pellegrini has overseen a poor run of form at manchester city , losing six of their last eight games . manchester city forward sergio aguero ( left ) tussles for the ball with manchester united 's marcos rojo . united defender chris smalling scores his side 's fourth goal as they beat city 4-2 at old trafford last week . pellegrini poses with manchester city captain vincent kompany ( left ) after winning the league last season . no love is lost between mourinho and pellegrini , but the chelsea manager said : ' i 'm surprised a team that won two titles in three years and are still champions can be brought to hell . ' it looks like they do n't deserve respect , that they are bad players , that the manager is a bad manager , that they are a disaster . but they are the champions . ' you want lots of teams fighting for the title . ' so how can you be so negative with a team that 's won two titles in three years ? some managers can not win and life goes on , but the guys at man city ... it looks like they 're criminals . ' victory on saturday will extend chelsea 's lead over united to 11 points and inch mourinho closer to his first premier league title since 2006 , having led from the start . ' we are boring , top of the league since day one , ' said the portuguese . ' everyone would love the premier league to be like the championship , with four teams separated by a couple of points . ' i know this would be the ideal scenario , but since day one we are there . we are trying not to allow that to happen . we have big determination to be champions . ' as for the fair play table , well , he could n't care less . it is compiled using data from premier league delegates who mark teams in six categories . the conduct of chelsea 's players towards match officials is rated the worst in the league and only sunderland score worse when it comes to the behaviour of staff . ' i 'm not surprised , ' chuckled mourinho . ' these delegates are the same delegates who do the evaluation of the referees ' performances and i read them every week . ' i think it depends on the food and drink . we have to change the catering because we have the best and many times they do n't see the games . next season , bread and water . ' chelsea defender branislav ivanovic ( centre ) in action during a session at the cobham training ground . blues winger eden hazard ( centre ) dribbles with the ball ahead of team-mate filipe luis ( left ) on friday . chelsea 's juan cuadrado ( left ) shields the ball from the challenge of luis ( right ) during training on friday .