a majority of the public does not want camilla to become queen if prince charles succeeds to the throne , a poll for the daily mail reveals today . and the nation is completely split on whether charles should become king at all . only 43 per cent believe he should ascend to the throne compared with an almost identical number saying he should stand aside in favour of his elder son prince william . william and prince harry are the most popular members of the royal family , closely followed by the queen and the duchess of cambridge . scroll down for video . a majority of the british public does not want to camilla ( left ) to become queen if the prince of wales ( right ) succeeds to the throne , a daily mail poll reveals . four out of ten people think prince charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to william ( pictured with his wife , the duchess of cambridge ) . prince andrew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table , with his brother edward not far ahead . camilla and andrew are the only two royals who are more disliked than liked , according to the poll . despite courtiers’ efforts to have camilla accepted into the nation’s hearts , 55 per cent are against the duchess of cornwall becoming queen when her husband becomes king . this is down from 73 per cent opposition at the time of her wedding to charles in april 2005 , but shows she has yet to win over most of the country . however , she is no longer regarded as the main culprit for the break-up of charles’s marriage to princess diana . the prince himself is held most to blame by 39 per cent , followed by diana on 13 per cent and camilla on 12 per cent . there is still great affection for diana , who died in a paris car crash 18 years ago , with a substantial majority saying she would have made a better queen than camilla . intriguingly , the younger generation is most attached to her even though many of them were not old enough to remember her when she was alive . among 18 to 24-year-olds , two out of three would have preferred diana to be queen , while only 3 per cent backed camilla . charles’s wedding to camilla divided the country at the time , and ten years on people remain uncertain about its wider significance for the royal family . fifteen per cent said the marriage had strengthened the monarchy but 24 per cent believed it had weakened it ; just over half felt it had no impact . camilla , 67 , was once reviled as the woman whose love affair with charles , 66 , destroyed his relationship with diana , who was 36 when she died in 1997 . prince william and his son george . four out of ten people say prince charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to william . britain is evenly split on the question of whether charles should succeed to the throne when the queen dies , the poll reveals . william has the female vote , with 43 per cent of women saying he should be the next monarch compared to 37 per cent of men . young people are also much more likely to favour the duke of cambridge as king , with 53 per cent of 18 to 24-year-olds urging his father to step aside . but 43 per cent of the public back charles to take over from his mother , with a clear majority of over-55s wanting him as britain’s next monarch . the findings suggest that support for the prince of wales to wear the crown may actually have dipped slightly in the past decade . in 2005 a survey found that 53 per cent of people thought he should be king despite his marriage to camilla , and 43 per cent said he should not . the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall outside st george 's chapel , windsor after their civil wedding in 2004 . senior officials at clarence house have nurtured the duchess’s image with carefully chosen public appearances . she has won widespread praise for her charity work , dedication to attending royal functions around the country and emergence as a style icon for older women . the duchess of cornwall is patron or president of 85 charities , and has undertaken nearly 1,700 royal engagements in britain and more than 600 abroad since 2005 . yet the survey reveals how camilla’s past continues to affect how she is perceived . just over a third said they had grown to like her more over the past decade , and nearly two-thirds thought charles was happier with her than he ever was with diana . prince andew languishes at the bottom of the popularity table . but only a quarter felt the duchess of cornwall had been a good influence on the royal family , and a similar proportion argued that her marriage to the prince had ‘stained’ the royals’ reputation . four in ten say charles should give up his right to be king so the crown passes straight to william . among those aged 18 to 24 , that figure rises to 53 per cent . but overall 43 per cent of the public back charles to take over from his mother , with a clear majority of over-55s wanting him as the next monarch . support for the monarchy itself remains very high , with the 88-year-old queen and the younger royals – william , harry and kate – hugely popular . by contrast , prince andrew was least popular , with only 30 per cent liking him . charles , prince philip and princess anne were ranked in the middle . only 19 per cent would back turning britain into a republic , although the figure rises to 36 per cent in scotland , perhaps a by-product of the snp’s unsuccessful independence campaign last year . charles , who is said to favour a ‘ slimmed down’ monarchy , will be buoyed by the finding that 56 per believe that the royals should be reduced to the queen’s immediate family only . by law camilla will automatically become queen consort when charles is king , but privately officials continue to debate whether she should use a lesser title to avoid controversy . the official position has been that she intends to be known as princess consort , but in recent years camilla and charles have dropped a number of hints that they would like her to be queen . asked in 2010 whether his wife would take the title , charles replied : ‘we’ll see , won’t we ? that could be . ’ the duchess herself says ‘ you never know’ when she faces questions about whether she will become queen . nearly two-thirds of people thought charles was happier with camilla than he ever was with diana ( pictured ) . princes william and harry are the most popular members of the royal family , the survey found . nearly eight out of ten people said they ‘liked’ the princes , with the duchess of cambridge and the queen receiving similarly high ratings . women were significantly more likely to approve of the younger royals – 84 per cent said they were fans of prince harry compared to 75 per cent of men . by contrast , prince andrew was the least popular of the royals , with only 30 per cent of respondents saying they liked him . prince charles , his father prince philip and his sister princess anne were ranked in the middle . camilla divided opinions most sharply . thirty-four per cent of people said they liked her , but 38 per cent disliked her . the survey did not ask people what they thought of the duke and duchess of cambridge’s son prince george , who is now nearly two . princes william and harry are the most popular members of the royal family .   