arsenal legend paul merson has been forced into an embarrassing climbdown and admitted he was wrong to criticise the england call up for andros townsend . the tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser with a stunning strike in tuesday 's 1-1 draw with italy in turin . it was the perfect riposte after merson said in his sky sports column : ' if andros townsend can get in ( the england squad ) then it opens it up for anybody . ' andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night . townsend celebrates his strike with tottenham hotspur team-mates ryan mason ( left ) and kyle walker . in his column for skysports.com , merson wrote : ' if andros townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody . we are not picking players who are playing well for their clubs – he got taken off after 30 minutes the other week against united . ' the england manager is there watching the game and he still gets picked . townsend and kyle walker were the worst two players on the pitch . ' how can you tell me that a manager goes and watches man united against tottenham , the winger gets taken off after 30 minutes , the winger from the other team absolutely rinses the full-back for england and ashley young does n't get in the squad ? ' townsend later tweeted to his 285,000 followers : ' not bad for a player that should be ' nowhere near the squad ' ay @ paulmerse ? ' and merson insisted on wednesday he was pleased to be proven wrong by the 23-year-old . merson told sky sports : ' it 's just a matter of opinion , and my opinion was that he got pulled off after half an hour at manchester united in front of roy hodgson , so he should n't have been in the squad . ' but fair play to him , i only give my opinion , and sometimes i 'm wrong , other times i 'm right . ' when i 'm wrong , i hold my hands up . i do n't have a problem with doing that - i 'll always be the first to admit when i 'm wrong . ' it 's not as though i was watching hoping he would n't score for england , i 'm genuinely pleased for him and fair play to him – it was a great goal . ' but i do n't feel as though i need to defend myself – it 's my job to give my opinion – and i 'm just glad people actually take notice of what i 'm saying ! ' sky sports pundit paul merson ( centre ) criticised townsend 's call-up to the england squad last week . harry kane congratulates his tottenham team-mate townsend after the final whistle in turin . roy hodgson was also impressed with townsend after the tottenham winger 's fine goal after the break .