most of us spend our time dreaming and saving for our next holiday , but meet the woman who gets to travel the world reviewing the best hotels , beds , pools and room service for her job . travel photographer rhiannon taylor , 29 , from australia has turned her photography skills and penchant for globetrotting into a business , launching a website called ' in bed with ' . travelling the world to review and photograph the most luxurious accommodations , the avid instagrammer has turned her social media success into a growing company . scroll down for video . dream job : rhiannon taylor travels the world reviewing beds , pools and room service . with more than 12,000 followers on instagram , liking her beautiful photos of her travels , the places she stays and the food she eats , rhiannon spotted a gap in the market for elegantly-resented hotel reviews . she writes about everything form the best pies to the biggest beds and has travelled the world from indonesia to the us and mexico to document great hotels . as well as many hotels paying rhiannon to stay and review , they also buy her professional pictures as well . the melbourne-based photographer also works with companies who sell travel products , such as luggage and swimwear , allowing her to generate further income from featuring them on her site . the traveller said : ' i was a travel photographer for seven years which gave me endless work in different parts of the world . ' i 'd record what hotel in miami had the best pie to order on room service at midnight , which hotel in la had the best pool or where the best beds are in hong kong . luxury life ! the photographer documents her findings on her in bed with reviewing site . rhiannon has travelled everywhere from indonesia to the u.s. and mexico featuring aspects like the best pie or biggest beds . the prolific instgrammer has more than 12,000 followers and has turned her lifestyle into a business . ' about a year ago i decided to put my experiences in to an online magazine format and it really took off . the name is a bit cheeky and the concept is unique . ' because i had built relationships with hotels and pr companies over the past seven years i was able to start contacting these resorts and establishments to see whether they 'd be interested in me visiting and writing reviews . rhiannon has stayed at some of the most exclusive hotels around the world , where private plunge pools , idyllic spas and sumptuous rooms come as standard . these are some of the properties she has photographed : australia . mineral springs hotel , hepburn springs , , victoria - prices from aus $ 415 per couple per night , midweek . drift house , port fairy , victoria - from aus $ 375 per night . the pullman , melbourne - prices from aus $ 135 per night . indonesia . than sanctuary , canggu - rates on request . alila , ubud - terrace tree villa rates from $ 400 per night . ossootel , legian bali - prices from $ 99 per night . usa . the london , west hollywood - suites from $ 399 per night . mexico . resort at pedregal , cabo san lucas - suites from $ 550 per night , midweek . ' thankfully a few gave me a chance and the rest is history . ' when rhiannon visits a resort , the aspects she aims to review for her readers include design , cuisine , location , atmosphere , comfort , ethical & environmental attitude and price . she said : ' i also provide them with a set of more commercial style images they can use for their own purposes in addition to my editorial spread . rhiannon ( pictured ) had been a photographer for seven years , before utilising her pr and hotel contacts , and created the reviewing site . ' about a year ago i decided to put my experiences in to an online magazine format and it really took off . the name is a bit cheeky and the concept is unique , ' she said . rhiannon has visited some spectacular hotels around the world to sample what they offer . ' so they get a 2-for-1 deal - a feature on my site with access to my readership and a set of imagery they would employ a regular photographer to do anyway . ' the reviewer also spoke of the importance of using social media alongside her travel writing . ' social media really catapulted my site to the world . it 's a way of showcasing your aesthetic and curating your opinion on something and inviting a social media user to subscribe to that . ' this year the stylish reviewer plans to look into experiential resorts across australia , new zealand , asia and india that offer comfort nestled in incredible wilderness . ' i 've been working with tourism boards to create campaigns in certain regions and countries to showcase accommodation and the surrounding areas , which funds my travel , expenses and fees . ' instagram is the perfect places for rhiannon 's artfully-posed shots taken at each hotel . the social media star also posts pictures and reviews of the food she eats on her travels . many of the hotels also pay her to be featured on her site , as well as for the professional images she takes .      