nasa claims we 'll find aliens in the next 10 to 20 years – and now the agency is revving up its efforts to track them down . the group has put together a team of ' extraterrestrial experts ' to see if any of the planets discovered outside our solar system are habitable . and it says that amateur astronomers could help with its ' unprecedented ' search for et by accessing research data online . scroll down for video . the nexss team , includes those who study earth as a life-bearing planet ( lower right ) , those researching the diversity of solar system planets ( left ) , and those on the new frontier , discovering worlds orbiting other stars in the galaxy ( upper right ) . the initiative , dubbed nexus for exoplanet system science ( nexss ) , will include scientists from 10 universities including stanford , the university of california and yale . the study of exoplanets is a relatively new field , and began with the discovery of the first exoplanet around a star like our sun in 1995 . since the launch of the kepler space telescope six years ago , more than 1,000 exoplanets have been found , with thousands of additional candidates waiting to be confirmed . nasa has set up a website for the public called planet hunters which allows anyone to search the data gathered by kepler , which launched six years ago . scientists are also developing new ways to confirm the habitability of these worlds and search for biosignatures , or signs of life . during a talk last month , nasa said humanity will encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . ' i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' said ellen stofan , chief scientist for nasa , ( pictured ) at a washington panel discussion . by applying a ' system science ' approach , the team hopes to understand an alien planet 's biology interacts with the atmosphere , geology , oceans , and interior of a planet . the announcement comes just weeks after nasa 's top scientist predicted we could be on the verge of finding life on one of them . during a talk in washington last month , the space agency announced that humanity is likely to encounter extra-terrestrials within a decade . alien hunters from the university of berkeley , california and stanford are tasked with answering the question : ' what are the properties of exoplanetary systems , as they relate to their formation , evolution , and potential to harbour life ? ' they will combine astronomical observations of exoplanets and forming planetary systems with powerful computer simulations and cutting-edge microscopic studies of meteorites . the team from arizona state university in phoenix will take a similar approach . this research group will place planetary habitability in a chemical context , with the goal of producing a ' periodic table of planets . ' researchers from hampton university , virginia , will be exploring the sources and sinks for volatiles on habitable worlds . this research will help determine the past and present habitability of mars and even venus . the team centered at nasa 's goddard institute for space studies will investigate habitability on a more local scale . it will examine the habitability of solar system rocky planets through time . the team from yale university in new haven , connecticut , will design new spectrometers - optical instruments that measure the spectrum of light - with the stability to reach earth-detecting precision for nearby stars . a group led the university of nebraska-kearney will explore the existence and evolution of exospheres around exoplanets , the outer , ' unbound ' portion of a planet 's atmosphere . from the university of california , santa cruz , a group will investigate how novel maths equations can be used to extract information from light that is emitted and reflected by planetary atmospheres . ' i believe we are going to have strong indications of life beyond earth in the next decade and definitive evidence in the next 10 to 20 years , ' ellen stofan , chief scientist for nasa , said . ' we know where to look , we know how to look , and in most cases we have the technology . ' jeffery newmark , interim director of heliophysics at the agency , added : ' it 's definitely not an if , it 's a when . ' ' we are not talking about little green men , ' stofan said . ' we are talking about little microbes . ' the announcement was prompted by the recent discovery of water by nasa in surprising places . jim green , director of planetary science at nasa , noted that a recent study of the martian atmosphere found 50 per cent of the planet 's northern hemisphere once had oceans a mile deep . scientists using the hubble recently provided powerful evidence that jupiter 's moon ganymede ( pictured ) has a saltwater , sub-surface ocean , likely sandwiched between two layers of ice . the same study found that water had been present on the red planet for up to 1.2 billion year . ' we think that long period of time is necessary for life to get more complex , ' stofan said . nasa associate administrator john grunsfeld said he is excited about seeing what form life beyond earth may take . in their hunt for alien life , astronomers have so far focused on looking for earth-like planets around smaller , cooler suns . but these exoplanets - despite having a chance of holding water - are believed to be locked in a rotation around their sun which causes only one side of their surface face the star . now astronomers claim that such exoplanets actually rotate around their stars , and spin at such a speed that they exhibit a day-night cycle similar to earth – increasing the chance of finding alien life . planets with potential oceans could have a climate that is much more similar to earth 's than previously expected , ' said jérémy leconte , a postdoctoral fellow at the canadian institute for theoretical astrophysics ( cita ) at the university of toronto . ' if we are correct , there is no permanent , cold night side on exoplanets causing water to remain trapped in a gigantic ice sheet , ' he said . ' whether this new understanding of exoplanets ' climate increases the ability of these planets to develop life remains an open question . ' ' once we get beyond mars , which formed from the same stuff as earth , the likelihood that life is similar to what we find on this planet is very low , ' he said . ' i think we 're one generation away in our solar system , whether it 's on an icy moon or on mars , and one generation [ away ] on a planet around a nearby star . at the same conference last year , nasa administrator charles bolden made a more conservative estimate . he claimed that we will find life within the next 20 years - with a high chance it will be outside our solar system . nasa next mars rover , scheduled to launch in 2020 , will search for signs of past life and bring samples for a possible return to earth for analysis . nasa also hopes to land astronauts on mars in the 2030s , which stofan says is crucial key to the search for mars life . ' i 'm a field geologist ; i go out and break open rocks and look for fossils , ' stofan said . ' those are hard to find . ' so i have a bias that it 's eventually going to take humans on the surface of mars — field geologists , astrobiologists , chemists — actually out there looking for that good evidence of life that we can bring back to earth for all the scientists to argue about . ' the space agency is also planning a mission to europa , which may launch as early as 2022 . it hopes to find out whether the icy moon is habitable . meanwhile , the agency 's james webb space telescope ( jwst ) , will launch in 2018 to scope out the atmospheres of nearby 'super-earth ' alien planets . new horizons took this image of the icy moon europa rising above jupiter 's cloud tops . the space agency is planning a mission to europa , which may launch as early as 2022 , to find out whether the moon is habitable .