mother charged : tyecka evans , 28 , has been charged with manslaughter in the death of her 3-month-old baby , which occurred while she was out clubbing with her sister . a 28-year-old florida woman has been charged in the death of her 3-month-old daughter who was left home alone while the mother was out dancing last week . tyecka shanta evans , a mother of two from ocala , was taken into custody tuesday after her youngest child , 3-month-old taliya richardson , was discovered unresponsive at home last thursday . evans initially told police she had dozed off and woke up in the living room to find that her daughter had crawled over a pillow on the floor and had a plastic shopping bag over her head . but evans later changed her story and admitted that she had left her two children , ages 9 and three months , and her 1-year-old nephew home alone at 1am to go to a club with her sister and the woman 's boyfriend . when she returned home to the parkside garden apartments on northwest second street from her outing at around 2.40am , taliya was found unresponsive . surveillance video from the housing complex shows tyecka evans arriving home by car at 2.36am and running into her apartment , reported fox 35 . moments later , she reemerges and waves at her sister downstairs , signalling for to come up . evans ' young daughter was rushed to munroe regional medical center , where she was pronounced dead less than 30 minutes later . home alone : after initially telling police that she was sleeping at home when her child stopped breathing , evans later admitted that she went out for nearly two hours and found her daughter unresponsive upon her return to parkside garden apartments in ocala , florida . toyana evans ( left ) , tyecka 's sister , could face charges for lying to police . both women have criminal records and have been arrested multiple times . hospital staff said the 28-year-old mom was crying and appeared distraught , reported the ocala star banner . during questioning , she told detectives she did not want to go to the club thursday night , but her sister kept insisting and eventually she decided to join her . evans now faces manslaughter charges . she was released from jail tuesday night after posting $ 30,000 bail . toyana evans , tyecka 's sister , also could face charges for allegedly lying to police , according to the station wesh . online records indicate that tyecka evans has a lengthy criminal record , which includes at least 10 arrests since 2009 on various charges ranging from traffic violations to grant theft and uttering forged bills .