a gel made from patients ' own blood could help heal burns more quickly - and stop wounds getting worse . the gel contains platelet-rich plasma ( prp ) - a concentrated mix of substances in the blood that play a role in healing . it is made by taking a small amount of blood from a patient 's arm ( amounts vary depending on wound size , but typically no more than a couple of tablespoons ) and then processing it in a machine that spins the blood at high speed until it separates into its various components . blood is largely made up of a clear yellowish liquid , called plasma , but it also contains small , solid compounds - red cells , white cells and platelets . the platelets are important for clotting , but they also contain hundreds of proteins called growth factors that are important for healing . u.s. researchers are testing the new gel it as a dressing for burns . spinning the blood leaves behind the plasma and the platelets but in higher concentration - up to ten times greater than usual . platelet-rich plasma is sometimes used to treat tendon injuries and is also used in some cosmetic procedures that claim injecting it into the face can rejuvenate skin - nicknamed the ' vampire facelift ' . u.s. researchers are testing it as a dressing for burns . as well as boosting healing , it is thought the gel , known as magellan bio-bandage , will act as a barrier against infection . the researchers also hope using platelet-rich plasma will address a common problem with burns , which is that they often continue to get worse hours or even days after the original injury . this can mean a burn that had initially caused damage to the outer layer of skin ( the epidermis ) and the underlying tissue containing the hair follicles and sweat glands and smaller blood vessels ( dermis ) can become a 'full-thickness ' burn . platelet-rich plasma is sometimes used to treat tendon injuries and for cosmetic procedures . this is where there is damage to the third and final layer of skin - the subcutis , which contains larger blood vessels and nerves , and regulates the temperature of the skin and body . full-thickness burns usually require extensive treatment , including skin grafts . it 's hoped the platelet-rich plasma will allow the wound to start to heal before it can deteriorate . the u.s. trial uses a new blood-spinning machine that is designed to be used at a patient 's bedside , collecting it in a syringe ready for immediate use as a gel . previous research suggests that the high concentration of growth factors in the platelet-rich plasma helps stimulate growth of new blood vessels and skin tissue . it 's also suggested that it reduces pain , though it 's not clear why . for the latest study , at the university of utah and other burns centres , about 40 patients will have up to 18ml of the platelet-rich plasma ( about three teaspoons ) applied on to a partial-thickness burn within 72 hours of the initial injury . the quantities used may vary depending on the size of the injury . commenting on the treatment , dr bav shergill , consultant dermatologist at queen victoria hospital , east grinstead , said : ' this is emerging technology that is causing a great deal of excitement . platelet-rich plasma is already being used by orthopaedic surgeons with some amazing successes . ' we are all looking for a method to collect and purify a high concentration of these effective molecules to improve repair in skin disorders . i look forward to large-scale trials of prp showing similar results . ' meanwhile , a combination of platelet-rich plasma and stem cells is being tested as a treatment for knee arthritis . researchers at the post graduate institute of medicine in chandigarh , india , believe injections of both substances will help regenerate worn-out cartilage , the tissues that cushions the joint . stem cells have the ability to turn into different cell types . about 40 patients will be given injections of either stem cells and platelet-rich plasma or just platelet-rich plasma and the results compared .