bournemouth moved four points clear at the top of the championship with a win against brighton as manager eddie howe set club records tumbling . they scored with their first shot on target in the 70th minute , well worth the wait when yann kermorgant hit a wonderful 25-yard free-kick which wrong-footed brighton goalkeeper david stockdale and flew into the left of goal . with only their second accurate effort , in the 81st minute , callum wilson extended their lead by running on to kermorgant’s ball over the top and twice turned greg halford before finishing . callum wilson puts the cherries 2-0 ahead with a sublime finish in the 81st minute . yann kermorgant fires bournemouth into the lead with sweetly-taken free-kick in the 70th minute . kermorgant ( left ) celebrates with his team-mate matt ritchie following his second-half strike .  brighton ( 4-2-3-1 ) stockdale ; bruno , halford , dunk , bennett ; stephens , kayal ( ince 67 ) ; calderon , teixeira ( mackail-smith 74 ) , carayol ( lualua 74 ) ; best . subs not used : walton , hughes , forster-caskey , o’grady . manager : chris hughton . booked : dunk , bennett . bournemouth ( 4-4-2 ) : boruc ; daniels , elphick , cook , francis ; pugh ( smith 64 ) , surman , arter , ritchie ; kermorgant ( gosling 83 ) , wilson ( jones 89 ) . subs not used : camp , ward , stanislas , pitman , . manager : eddie howe . booked : smith . referee : craig pawson . stadium : amex stadium . attendance : 25,919 . in doing so they set a club record 106 goals in all competitions , beating 104 from the 1956-57 and 1928-29 seasons . and wilson’s strike was their 89th league goal of the season , moving clear of the previous record 88 they scored in the division three south in the 1956-57 season . prior to the goals they had not looked like the typically fluent bournemouth that has made them league leaders for the majority of the campaign . the passes were hit that little bit too long , the crosses went out for goal kicks and the through balls were slightly mistimed . brighton’s leon best got in behind their defence in the 58th minute and shaped to bend an effort into the right of goal but his shot was woeful , weak and straight at artur boruc . four minutes later , mustafa carayol made a driving run through the middle and got a powerful shot away from the edge of the box but bournemouth captain tommy elphick dived in front to block . but bournemouth showed they can win ugly and when the game is not going their way , as well as dominating teams with their passing . howe is well aware that nerves will come into play with his players as they battle for promotion to the premier league for the first time in their history . yet his side are starting to demonstrate that they can handle the pressure . four more games remain , against reading , sheffield wednesday , bolton and charlton - a run of fixtures which they should deal with comfortably . harry arter celebrates in front of the travelling bournemouth support after kermorgant 's opener . bournemouth 's yann kermorgant tussles with joe bennett during the first half at amex stadium . brighton midfielder joao carlos teixeira is tackled by bournemouth's marc pugh . brighton 's biram kayal closes down cherries defender simon francis . charlie daniels is pursued by brighton midfielder inigo calderon during a scoreless opening 45 minutes . 