one tennessee judge has been hailed for her no-nonsense , brutal take down of a gang member who arrogantly dared claim a once-pleasant suburb as ' his hood ' while in her courtroom . after o'shae smith told judge lila statom that he shot a rival gang member for being ' in his hood ' , she had no problem telling him the area did n't actually belong to him . ' sir , east lake courts is not your hood ' , statom began , referencing the public housing project where the shooting took place . tennessee judge lila statom has become a viral sensation thanks to her incredible take down of one gang member who dared try to claim an area as ' his hood ' while in her courtroom . ' sir , east lake courts is not your hood , it 's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes ' statom told o'shae smith , who told the judge he shot a rival gang member for being there . ' it 's the citizens of the united states who own that because they work and pay taxes , you do n't own that . ' statom said she wanted to show smith he was n't ' in control everywhere ' . ' it makes me upset because there are people that live in east lake court who get up and go to work every day . they take their children to daycare , ' she told wrcb-tv . statom had a personal connection to the area that has been ravaged with gang violence , and told smith ' it used to be a very nice place to live ' . ' my grandmother lived there and i spent many a night , ' she told the courtroom . ' it was a nice place where you could walk around . people like you have made it a violent , unsafe place to live . ' ' hopefully we can make it the place that it used to be back when it was originally built for people who did n't have anywhere else to live - to make it a safe place to live , ' she said . according to police , smith , 20 , shot kendre allen , 18 , in the hip in late march . allen also appeared in statom 's court last week to testify against smith . ' my grandmother lived there and i spent many a night , ' she told the courtroom about the chattanooga area . ' it was a nice place where you could walk around . people like you have made it a violent , unsafe place to live ' . smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder for shooting kendre allen , 18 , in the hip in late march and is being held without bond . allen also appeared in court to testify against smith . smith has been charged with attempted first-degree murder and is being held without bond . police said allen was the fourth person shot in six days in the area during an ongoing gang feud last month , the chattanooga times free press reported . statom said she thought it was unfair that anyone had to ' live among the violence ' that was ravaging a community where she once walked around to get ice cream and groceries or go to church . police said allen was the fourth person shot in six days in the area during an ongoing gang feud . ' i did n't want to allow him to take control over a courtroom when i felt he had maybe taken control over an area of town , ' she said . at one point in the video , statom completely shuts down smith when he raises his finger to say something . ' i do n't think you want to say a word to me mr. smith , ' she remarks . statom told fox news she was especially bothered that smith was standing in front of her and did n't look to care ' in any way ' about the charges brought against him . ' i thought , he needs to know that gang members who go into communities like this are really affecting the people who have no choice but to live there , ' she said . the judge says she usually tries ' not to say too much ' in the courtroom , but that she was ' frustrated ' watching people who ' are not working and are not contributing ' bring crime and violence into the community . and statom hoped that by speaking up , she would inspire others to try and affect change . ' i hope that i can give people that are coming to testify hope , that it does make a difference if you stand up . ' statom said she thought it was unfair that anyone had to ' live among the violence ' that was ravaging the east lake courts community ( pictured ) where she once walked around to get ice cream , groceries or go to church . 