you get the impression around english cricket at the moment that people have a bit of a downer on stuart broad . i have heard the comment ‘ how much longer before broad comes under pressure for his place ? ’ from a few people in recent times . there should always be scrutiny on england players’ places , i have no problem with that , but we have to be careful we do not get confused between broad the bowler and broad the batsman . fact is , in the last 14 tests broad has taken 63 wickets at 24 apiece which is pretty good considering he’s been carrying niggles and injuries . so there has not been much wrong with his bowling even though , as i said on wednesday , he’s not quite at his best following his long lay-off after surgery . stuart broad ( right ) was dismissed for a duck in england 's first innings against west indies in antigua . broad will always give you something different even though he can overdo it at times , and has always had the ability to get something out of a flat pitch . i still like the fact that he can turn into the enforcer , as he did before lunch on day three , and that he’s a clever bowler , as he showed on the second day when he rolled his fingers down the side of the ball and dismissed marlon samuels with a leg-cutter . broad and jimmy anderson are an outstanding combination , taking 526 wickets between them in the 70 tests they have played together — a record that has seen them stand comparison with the partnership of sir ian botham and bob willis . the 28-year-old has seen his place in the side questioned , but he still produces with the ball . broad celebrates the wicket of denesh ramdin on day three of the first test against west indies in antigua . and they complement each other as we saw again on wednesday when it was flat and there wasn’t much happening for anderson . that’s when broad , with his ability to make things happen , is so crucial for a captain . he has an ability to come up with that magic spell , one that changes the whole course of a match as we have seen him do in big ashes tests . he gets under the skin of the aussies , too , which is never a bad thing . so this downer that i am sensing among the english cricket public clearly comes from the complete demise of broad the batsman . not only does he appear to have lost all confidence in his batting but he seems a bit scared , too . broad said in australia that he suffered nightmares after being struck in the face by india’s varun aaron last summer at old trafford , which is something i personally would never have done . broad admitted he had nightmares about being struck in the face by india 's varun aaron last summer . broad can expect to face a barrage of short deliveries from the likes of mitchell johnson in the ashes . broad scoring a century against pakistan in 2010 . you can imagine what the aussies felt when they heard an englishman saying he was having nightmares about the short ball . no one truly fancies the short stuff but most people do not admit to it publicly . the result is that broad has become a bit gun-shy , he stays leg-side of the ball and tries to play a shot every delivery . and everybody wants their england cricketers to show a bit of character and fight . it’s not going to be easy for broad . he is going to have mitchell johnson steaming in at him this summer bowling yorker , bouncer , and that is probably going to carry on for the rest of his career . he won’t be seeing too much spin . that’s why test cricket is the hardest game . there is no place to hide and there’s no let up . broad will have to solve the problem himself and look at team-mates who have overcome adversity in their career like anderson and ian bell . we described broad as an ‘all-rounder’ in a graphic on sky the other day and immediately got some tweets querying that . but that’s what broad looked like becoming when he scored that big test hundred against pakistan . what he needs to do now is sit down with a recording of that century at lord’s five years ago and watch every single ball to see what he did then . broad needs to remind himself that he can bat , that he can keep the ball out , and then get in the nets and get someone to hurl short ball after short ball at him . that’s what i saw michael clarke doing at the world cup after he had been bounced out a couple of times . broad’s batting woes must not affect his bowling as england need him at his best . he shows a lot of character with the ball and is a steely performer . but with the bat he’s showing no character and it’s time he said ‘enough’s enough’ .