twitter has officially rolled out its ‘ retweet with comment’ feature , which , unsurprisingly lets people annotate the tweets of others . the new tool lets users embed tweets within their own messages , meaning that users get an extra 116 characters to comment on a tweet . available on twitter’s website and the iphone app , the feature will roll out to android handsets soon . twitter has officially rolled out its ‘ retweet with comment’ feature , which , unsurprisingly lets people annotate the tweets of others . this image shows the new button , ' quote tweet , ' which triggers the action . twitter began testing its tool last summer . until now , twitter users have had to embed tweets by cutting and pasting a url and then adding a comment , within the 140 character limit . but now the process is available at the touch of a button and is going down well on the social network . a user called simon mccallum tweeted : ‘ at last twitter officially launches “ retweet with comment” feature so you do n't need to edit original tweets , ’ while peter silk said : ‘ retweet with comment is the best feature since retweet’ . the new tool lets users embed a tweet within their own message ( shown above ) , meaning that wordsmiths will get 116 characters to comment on a tweet . to use the feature on twitter’s website : 1 . hover over a tweet . 2 . click the ‘retweet’ icon . 3 . a pop-up will show you the tweet and a comment box . 4 . type your own comments in the ‘ add a comment’ field . 5 . click the ‘tweet’ button . 6 . the tweet will then be shared with your followers as a quote tweet . from mobile apps : 1 . tap the ‘retweet’ icon . 2 . tap ‘ quote tweet’ . 3 . add a comment and tap ‘tweet’ . 4 . the tweet will then be shared with your followers as a quote ‘tweet’ . users can delete quote tweets by clicking the ‘more’ icon and by selecting ‘ delete tweet’ . celebrity chef and prolific tweeter , nigella lawson , has already embraced the tool by commenting on a retweet . she first retweeted a tweet by user ayareina that said : ‘ huzzah ! twitter unveils revamped ‘ quote tweet’ functionality , rolling out to iphone & web users today . ’ the tv chef then commented on another that she shared , which said : ‘ also this is great news for tweeters like @ nigella_lawson who quotes tweets a lot’ simply adding : ‘ it is indeed ! ’ others made references to inception and quote tweeted a message about retweeting with comments , to point out the cyclical nature of the roll-out . as well as allowing people 116 characters with which to construct a comment , the new feature preserves the context and meaning of an original tweet , techcrunch noted . the platform is gradually evolving to let its users express themselves in more detail , instead of simple phrases that fit within the character count . users have got around the problem by using unofficial techniques such as posting screenshots and using apps such as jumbo tweet and twit longer that extend the character limit . the feature doesn’t allow users to comment on a string of tweets , to produce one mammoth message and users can’t retweet their own quote tweets .