most brides spend months searching for the perfect accessories on their big day - but a knee-high cast and nhs-issue crutches are n't exactly on the list . however , kimberley donoghue , 28 , from ponthenri near carmarthen , was forced to hobble down the aisle after breaking her leg and a bone in her foot just four days before her wedding . wearing the heavy white cast beneath her fairy tale dress , her father wheeled her into church and she sat down to say her vows . kimberley donoghue , 28 , from south wales wore her leg in plaster under her dress , and has decided to postpone the official wedding photographs until the plaster is off . ironically , the accident when she was preparing for the day . she said : ' i was carrying a box of wedding decorations down stairs when i suddenly fell . ' once i got to the bottom of the stairs i knew straight away it was broken . ' within an hour i was at the hospital and i was told i had a broken leg and i had fractured a bone in my foot . kimberley says she 'd spent a year planning her big day without any problems , until her leg hitch . ' i knew something had to go wrong , ' she said . the 28-year-old was wheeled into church by her dad and had to sit to take her vows , after falling down stairs carrying decorations just four days before the wedding . kimberley says it was difficult getting down the aisle , but she ' would n't change it for the world ' . the family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast . but kimberley and new husband calvin , 29 , went ahead with tying the knot at their village church . she said : ' it was difficult getting down the aisle as i had quite a big dress and i had the crutches too . ' it was a hard day but it was brilliant . the florists were amazing and blinged up my crutches . ' i would n't change it for the world , well , maybe not the broken leg . ' she says the family are planning another party in the summer to celebrate without her cast . they 've also postponed the official wedding photographs until the plaster is off . kimberley 's aunt sian jones said : ' the day was fantastic . we were all so proud of her for being so brave and strong all day . ' it was very emotional when she came up the aisle . '