the married manager of a limousine company fired an employee for refusing to have sex with him , and even said as much in a text he sent her . raymond towns­end , a manager at us limousine on long island , new york , was found liable for sexual harassment against his dispatcher geralyn ganci , now 32 , after more than a year of lurid messages . the woman , who sat near his wife in their office , repeatedly refused townsend 's requests for sex , but kept a text from her boss where he said that she lost her job because she ' refused to have sex with the general manager ' . limousine company manager raymond townsend ( right ) was ordered to pay compensation to his employee geralyn ganci , ( left ) 32 , after telling her she was fired because she would not have sex with him . he also sent her texts saying that he ' had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me ' , ganci said in court papers . other messages allegedly asked her to come over to his house because his wife was visiting her mother for he evening or contained pictures of his ' lap ' . ganci said that she had attended the wedding of townsend and his wife . the original sexual harassment complaint against townsend , filed in 2010 , said that the manager would call ganci ' at all hours of the day and night , during the work day and after the work day to convey disgusting , sexually suggestive , erotic and vile messages of a sexual nature ' . messages , which were aimed at making the woman have sex with him , continued for more than a year . she was fired after the boss allegedly forced ganci into a bathroom and put his hand up her shirt in 2009 on a day when his wife was not at work . townsend sent texts to ganci including one where he claimed that he'had to pull over to the side of the road and masturbate thinking about me ' , the employee said . a judge has settled the final amount owed by us limousine and townsend at more than $ 700,000 . above , the company 's various white vehicles . ganci 's complaint said that townsend then offered to fire someone in the limousine company 's ' wedding department ' to bring her back in a different position . townsend and us limousine are now liable for more than $ 700,000 in damages and fees after losing a civil rights suit where the message was used as evidence , according to the new york post . though a federal jury found townsend and his company liable in 2010 , a federal judge in new york just finished finalizing the legal fees awarded to ganci at just more than $ 170,000 . she will also be awarded $ 550,000 in damages and compensation from us limousine and her former boss . she had originally asked for $ 5million . ganci said townsend 's behavior caused her emotional distress that landed her in the hospital , but that he called her while she was in the facility and asked about her breasts . last year a jury found townsend liable for creating a sexual harassment and creating a hostile work environment , but not intentionally inflicting emotional distress . townsend does not work at us limousine any longer and did not return a request for comment to the new york post .