stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under david cameron 's conservatives party , compared to just under nine per cent under labour . shares have performed nearly twice as well under conservative governments than under labour over the last 45 years , according to figures published today . stock market returns have averaged 16 per cent a year under the tories compared with just under 9 per cent under labour and just over 9 per cent under the current coalition . the figures , in an analysis for the daily mail by investment company hargreaves lansdown , are a further boost for david cameron and george osborne ahead of the general election on may 7 . ed miliband is struggling to win over business men and women as well as investors who are worried about a left-wing labour government’s attitudes to enterprise . a survey of ftse 100 bosses this weekend showed 70 per cent believe a labour government under mr miliband would be a ‘catastrophe’ for the economy . the analysis by hargreaves lansdown shows investors – including millions of workers saving for a pension – fare better under the conservatives . laith khalaf , a senior analyst at hargreaves lansdown , said : ‘ the stock market has performed twice as well under a conservative government as it has under labour , according to performance statistics dating back to 1970 . ’ the analysis shows that companies have also performed better under the tories with profits up by an average of 11 per cent a year under the conservatives and 6 per cent under labour . writing in the daily mail , mr khalaf said : ‘ over the last 45 years there have been five conservative governments , five labour governments , and the current coalition . ‘ over that time the uk stock market has returned on average 16 per cent a year under conservative rule , compared with 9 per cent under labour . ‘ markets can be capricious beasts in the short term , but on average this trend reflects the growth in uk company profits under the two parties . ’ however , he said events on the global stage ‘ are far more important to the uk stock market than the next resident of number 10’ . he added : ‘ looking back over the last 45 years , the waxing and waning of the stock market has been driven in large part by overseas influences , and is not commanded from westminster . this makes sense when you consider how globalised most industries are . ’ experts have warned that a hung parliament could send financial markets into a tailspin and the pound and shares crashing . a survey of ftse 100 bosses showed 70 per cent believe a labour government would be a ‘catastrophe’ for the economy . the analysis by hargreaves lansdown shows investors fare better under the conservatives . all the major pollsters are predicting that no party will win an overall majority . george buckley , uk economist at deutsche bank , said : ‘ the 2015 uk general election is set to be the most unpredictable for nearly a century . ‘ polls suggest that neither of the two major parties may have sufficient support to secure an outright majority . ‘ there may be no good outcome for investors . ’ a hard-hitting report by blackrock , the largest fund manager in the world , said ‘ a soothing outcome for the markets is hard to imagine’ given labour’s anti-business policies and tory plans to hold a referendum on britain’s membership of the european union . ‘ labour would be tough on business – and might be perceived as lacking fiscal responsibility , ’ the us giant said in the report . ‘ a conservatives-dominated cabinet would pave the way for an unsettling referendum in 2017 on the uk’s eu membership . ‘ whoever wins – and the result could take some time to emerge – will lead a weak government likely to pass only watered-down legislation . ’