fearing for their lives , hundreds of african immigrants have begun arriving in their home countries after fleeing the bloody violence that has swept across south africa . among them were some 400 zimbabweans – including pregnant women and babies – who were packed onto buses to escape the anti-immigrant attacks that have left seven people dead in recent days . they were pictured wearily disembarking in the safe haven of a migration centre in the zimbabwean border town of beitbridge after leaving durban yesterday . about 3,200 malawians have also sought refuge in temporary camps amid the ensuing chaos . their plight emerged as south africa 's influential zulu king goodwill zwelithini denied whipping up the xenophobic hatred in the country that has forced thousands from their homes . scroll down for video . safe haven : zimbabwe victims of xenophobic attacks in south africa disembark from a bus on arrival at the international organisation for migration reception and support centre in beitbridge , zimbabwe . shock : a pregnant woman stands in a registration queue awaiting her turn at the international organisation for migration reception and support centre in beitbridge , after fleeing attacks that have seven people dead . two zimbabwean nationals sleep inside a tent at the international organisation for migration reception and support centre grounds after being repatriated following xenophobic attacks in south africa . stunned : venge mundai , a survivor of the xenophobic violence is looked after by a doctor inside a makeshift clinic at the international organisation for migration reception and support centre in beitbridge . zwelithini had made an angry speech last month blaming immigrants for rising crime and saying they must leave the country , in an outburst seen as inciting the spate of attacks . but addressing a tribal gathering of several thousand zulus in the port city of durban the king insisted he had been taken out of context . ' my speech ... was directed at the police , calling for stricter law enforcement , but that was never reported , ' he said . ' the public was instead given another side of my speech , which has been twisted and misrepresented . this violence directed at our brothers and sisters is shameful . ' meanwhile , in malawi , information minister kondwani nankhumwa said six buses carrying 390 malawians from durban were sent to malawi yesterday , while five more buses were expected to leave today . those killed in the anti-immigrant unrest included two malawians , according to malawi 's government . louis lulu mnguni , south africa 's top diplomat in nigeria , said his lagos mission has warned south african citizens in nigeria ' to exercise vigilance and limit their movements ' following threats of reprisal attacks . malawian families fleeing xenophobic violence disembark a bus at kamudzu stadium in blantyre , after being repatriated from south africa . a group of 390 malawians fleeing xenophobic violence wait at kamudzu stadium in blantyre . south african authorities have struggled to contain mobs in the economic capital johannesburg and durban who have been attacking foreigners from zimbabwe , malawi , mozambique and other african countries . similarly , security was increased at the south african high commission in accra , ghana , after telephoned threats , said lulama xingwana , the high commissioner . activists in some african countries have also organised protests and called for a boycott of south african goods as south africa is a powerful trading partner in the region . kenmare resources , a dublin-based company , said it temporarily repatriated its 62 south african workers at a titanium mine in mozambique after ' reciprocal unrest ' there that stemmed from the south african violence . the mine 's total workforce is nearly 1,400 . the outbreak of violence in south africa against immigrants has tarnished the reputation of a country that has one of the biggest economies on the continent and has been a destination for people seeking opportunity and an escape from turbulence elsewhere in africa . horrific pictures released yesterday showed a mozambican man bleeding to death in a gutter after being savagely attack by a gang who stabbed him with knives and bludgeoned him with a wrench in alexandra township near johannesburg . in a chilling twist the victim was left bleeding to death in a gutter because a medical centre just 300 feet away was closed for the day because the doctor who worked there was also a foreigner and feared becoming a victim of a xenophobic attack himself . south africa was also dubbed the ' rainbow nation ' for its relatively peaceful transition to democracy after the end of white racist rule in 1994 . attack : shocking images capture the moment the armed gang surround emmanuel sithole and repeatedly stab him with knives and bludgeon him with a wrench in alexandra township near johannesburg . now the government is struggling to contain negative fallout from attacks on immigrants in some areas of durban and johannesburg that killed seven people since the end of march . professor chris landsberg , an african diplomacy and foreign policy expert at the university of johannesburg said the south african government should be ' less reactive and more proactive ' in dealing with tensions over immigrants . he said the country should ' be a bit more humble ' about its aspirations as a continental leader , adding : ' we are in denial . ' zulu king goodwill zwelithini , an influential figure among the zulu ethnic group in south africa , condemned the attacks in a speech monday at a durban sports stadium . his remarks followed allegations that he provoked the violence with reported comments in which he said foreigners should go home . doctors tried in vain to save mr sithole 's life . his cause of death was later established as a direct stab wound to the heart and his identity established from a mobile phone found in his pocket . president jacob zuma postponed a ceremony , scheduled for next week , in which the country 's highest official honor is bestowed on south africans and foreigners who have contributed to south africa , his office said . the event will be postponed so south africa can mourn the victims of the anti-immigrant violence , including three south africans and four foreigners , it said . the attacks in south africa stem from a perception that immigrants , many from other african countries , are taking jobs at the expense of south africans in a country with high unemployment . many people have entered south africa illegally , though the government has said a large number of immigrants are working legally and contributing to economic development . the violence recalls similar unrest in south africa in 2008 in which 60 people died . in january this year , four people died during looting of foreign-owned shops in areas of johannesburg . the violence is particularly unfortunate because other african nations provided shelter and other aid to south african activists during the battle against white minority rule , said xingwana , the south african diplomat in ghana . ' the young people have forgotten the contribution of african countries to south africa 's fight against apartheid and need to be educated on this , ' she said .