this is the £1million luxury townhouse underwear tycoon michelle mone has put on the market so she can buy her ex-husband out of the ' dream home ' they once shared . the 43-year-old entrepreneur bought the three-bedroom property in the park circus area of glasgow for £780,700 after she split from her former husband michael in december 2011 . she spent months renovating the period two-storey townhouse , described by estate agents as an ' outstanding interior designed luxury home ' which has been ' impeccably refurbished ' . scroll down for video . on the market : michelle mone has put her luxury glasgow townhouse up for sale so she can buy her husband out of their ' dream ' mansion . luxury : the £1million property in the exclusive area of the city comes complete with ornate high ceilings and large windows in the living room . trendy : the fully-integrated kitchen has been fitted with modern , top of the range appliances and features a white gloss central island . tycoon : michelle mone set up ultimo underwear business with her husband michael ( right ) in 1996 , but they split in december 2011 . it features a grand staircase and magnificent reception hall leading to a modern fully integrated kitchen and drawing room complete with a marble fireplace and a living flame fire . the views expand over the residents central gardens in the exclusive part of the city and the master suite comes with it 's own wet room . each of the three high-ceilings bedrooms have been kitted out with lavish headboards , sparkling chandeliers and luxurious curtains . interior photographs show the living room with a baby grand piano in it and a painting of a sleeping blonde woman above the fireplace . grand : ms mone did n't move into the townhouse straightaway after spending months having it renovated , including this spectacular staircase . magnificent : the large hallway leads to the staircase in the two-storey property , which comes complete with three bedrooms . impressive : ms mone bought the property for £780,000 after splitting from her then husband . the large hallway comes with a massive mirror . it is being marketed by estate agents corum for offers over £875,000 , which means the ultimo founder will profit from at least £100,00 if it sells . once the sale is completed she plans to move back into her family home , a five-bedroom mansion in thorntonhall , lanarkshire , after agreeing a deal with her ex-husband to buy it . mone , who also owns a £2million flat in mayfair , london , said she would change her old mansion to rid it of ' bad memories ' when she revealed her property plans last week . the mother-of-three said : ' i 'm selling my home here in glasgow but i also own the big house with my ex-husband . for two years i 've been trying to buy him out of it and he only agreed just the other day - which is fantastic . ' i 'm over the moon . i 'll always have a base here in glasgow but i 've moved in to my london home as well . so , that means i 'll have just the one home here rather than one and a half . ' she said that although she has not lived in the thorntonhall home for two years , she ' loves ' the property , which she bought with her then husband , mr mone , in 2008 . they demolished the original building , and built ' telperion ' , a home six times the size of the average british house . comfy : the bay windows stream light into the living room of the property , in an exclusive area of glasgow , which has been fully re-decorated . elegant : one of the bedrooms in the property has been decorated with a cerise and beige velvet accessories and features a large window seat . sparkling : the master suite includes a wet room , kitted out in a gold-theme , while the house also has another shower room and laundry room . ' i designed it , i built it , i love it , ' she said . ' but i 'm going to change it all so that it does n't have any of the bad memories from when i lived there . that said , i have n't been spending a whole lot of time in the town house since i 've been promoting my book in america . ' in 2010 , ms mone was at the centre of a row with neighbours over plans to add a sauna , gym and bar to the home . five residents objected to her proposals and one said the development would ' completely dwarf ' the rest of the street . but it was still given the go-ahead by planners . the couple created lingerie brand ultimo together in 1996 , split in 2011 after she believed michael had had an affair with bra designer , samantha bunn , with whom he has set up a rival lingerie firm . writing on twitter earlier this month , ms mone said : ' sad to be selling my stunning townhouse in scotland . brilliant news is after trying for two years i 'm buying my ex out of my dream home . ' the couple continued to live in the family home for some time after their acrimonious separation . in her recently published autobiography , mone admitted she put laxatives in her husband 's coffee , let down his tyres and cut holes in his boxer shorts . she also said that on one occasion while they were still sharing the marital home , she poured cold water on his side of the bed . ms mone said later : ' i am sorry for that . sorry for that woman i became . it was n't nice at all . ' after she moved into the townhouse in park circus , she opened the doors of the home for a photoshoot with hello ! magazine , describing the property as her ' new beginning ' . townhouse : the period townhouse ( centre ) has southerly views over private residents’ central gardens in the park circus area of glasgow . ' dream home ' : this is the luxury five-bedroom mansion ms mone previously shared with her husband , which she plans to move back into . 1996 michael and michelle mone create lingerie brand ultimo . 2008 the couple buy plot in thorntonhall , lanarkshire . they demolish the original building , and build ' telperion ' , a home six times the size of the average british house . 2010 ms mone is at the centre of a row with neighbours over plans to add a sauna , gym and bar to the home . 2011 michelle and michael split in december after she believed he had an affair with bra designer , samantha bunn . he has since set up a rival lingerie firm with ms bunn . 2012 the former family home in lanarkshire is put on the market for 2012 . ms mone claims her ex-husband refused to sell his part of the property . ms mone pays £780,700 for three-bedroom duplex in glasgow and had extensive works done . 2013 ms mone moves into her glasgow townhouse , and showcases it in exclusive hello ! interview . 2014 ms mone becomes embroiled in a bitter row over plans to turn the house next door to her £1 million home into student digs . today she announces plans to sell glasgow home and move back into former family home .