the parents of a 5-year-old boy whose body was found inside a septic tank in virginia last month have been charged with felony child abuse and neglect . pulaski county sheriff jim davis announced the arrests of ashley jennifer white , 30 , and paul thomas , 32 , thursday afternoon – a week to the day after the tragic discovery . their 5-year-old son , noah thomas , went missing from their home in rural dublin on the morning of march 22 as his mother slept with her infant daughter . parents in custody : ashley jennifer white ( left ) , 30 , and her partner paul thomas ( right ) , 32 , have been charged with child abuse and neglect in the death of their 5-year-old son , noah , last month . tragic : noah thomas , five , was last seen watching cartoons march 22 at home in dublin , virginia . police confirmed his body was found in a septic tank near the family home march 26 . from left ; virginia state police lt. ed murphy , pulaski county sheriff jim davis , pulaski county commonwealth attorney , mike fleenor , during a press conference thursday announcing the arrest of white and thomas . after an intense-five days search , the child 's body was found in a septic tank on white and thomas ' property . ' it came to a point where the evidence that we had we felt was sufficient to arrest them for probable cause , ' said commonwealth 's attorney mike fleenor of pulaski county , reported indianapolis star . the couple 's 6-month-old daughter was removed from their home and placed in the custody of social services the day after noah 's body was recovered . white and thomas were each charged with two counts of neglect and abuse involving noah and his baby sister . during their arraignment via teleconference friday , both suspects objected to the presence of reporters in the courtroom . ' this is the saddest thing that’s ever happened to me in my life , ' white was quoted as saying . ' i don’t feel people should be able to enjoy it over dinner . ' her boyfriend sounded a similar note , saying that he does n't want his life to be a news story . the judge , however , allowed members of the media to stay in the room . they are being held in jail without bond pending a court hearing scheduled for august 12 . investigators are now waiting for the medical examiner 's office to release the results of noah 's autopsy to shed light on the cause of death , which could take weeks , if not months . search crews have looked around the boy 's house . his mother could not find him after she woke up at 10 . investigators said search dogs stopped near the road near noah 's house , which is ' never typical ' . white said noah , pictured left with his dad and right , was a cautious child who would not have run away . noah thomas was last seen alive sitting in his parents ' living room and watching cartoons at 9am march 22 . his mother took her baby daughter , abigail , to another room and settled in for a nap . more than an hour later , she woke up to find the back door open and noah gone . nearly five days later , an fbi-backed search concluded with the discovery of noah 's lifeless body in a septic tank near the family home . police and more than 100 volunteers who signed up to look for noah in the small town had covered about 3.3 square miles after the 60lb red-headed boy was reported missing . pulaski county sheriff jim davis said at the time that authorities have no evidence of foul play in his disappearance , and that the family have cooperated with authorities . investigators said search dogs stopped near the road adjacent to noah 's house , which is ' never typical ' . no suspicious vehicles were seen in the area . crews used helicopters in the search in the area , which is mostly residential with farmland and a woods by the boy 's house . ashley white , who called police at 11am after searching for her child on her own , said that the boy was cautious and had no history of running away . stephanie ide hudgins , paul thomas ' sister , described her brother and his partner as ' the best parents , hands down , ' reported roanoke times . high school sweethearts : white and thomas ( pictured left and right ) met in junior high school but did not start dating until high school . touched by tragedy : the couple lost a good friend in a deadly abduction in 2000 , and white 's father was later murdered . proud dad : thomas ' sister said her brother and his partner were very excited about having a baby togehter . thomas pictured here with noah not long after his birth . hudgins , a mother of four , said she would often call ashley if she had any questions about child-rearing . noah 's aunt detailed how thomas and white met in junior high school but did not start dating until high school . the couple have been touched by tragedy in the past . a friend who helped arrange their first date , tara rose munsey , disappeared in january 2000 from her job at a taco bell . her body was discovered in a ravine two weeks later . she was 16 years old . some years later , white 's father was murdered and her mother became gravely ill . before the mother 's passing , white and thomas decided to have a baby together . ' they were so excited to have noah , ' hudgins said . ' noah was special anyways , before he even came into this earth . '