shocking surveillance footage shows a mob using a hammer , a rocking chair leg and mace as they beat a homeless man into a coma during a suspected act of revenge . the video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station on north 5th street in philadelphia shows five people , including two children , storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old . one of the group takes out mace as the man is brought to the ground . they then stamp on his head and continue punching him as he lies motionless . the encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him - an allegation police have found no evidence of during their investigation . the video taken in the forecourt of the sunoco gas station on north 5th street in philadelphia shows five people , including two children , storming out of a minivan and attacking the helpless 51-year-old . the encounter is believed to have been caused by a 10-year-old boy telling his mother the homeless man hit him . the youngster accused the man of jockeying with him while asking to fill motorist 's tanks for spare change . at the end of the video he is brought out of the car so he can look at the injuries inflicted on the victim , as he lies bloodied on the floor . the boy 's mother , 34-year-old aleathea gillard , allegedly used the rocking chair leg while close family friend , shareena joachim , 24 , is said to have carried the mace . the pair were arrested and charged with attempted murder and related crimes . lieutenant dan brooks of northwest detectives said : ' just watching , you see the viciousness of it . ' police found the minivan outside einstein medical center - where the victim had been taken - shortly after the attack , with gillard and joachim inside . philadelphia police are still looking for the remaining suspects and have asked the public for information . one of the group takes out pepper spray as the man is brought to the ground while another ( center ) brings a rocking chair leg over . they continue to visciously beat the man as he lies helpless on the ground . some of the attackers return to the car , but others stamp the motionless man 's head . one of the women then brings the boy who accused the man of hitting him over to see the injuries they have inflicted on the man . the boy 's mother , 34-year-old aleathea gillard ( mugshot left ) , allegedly used the rocking chair leg while close family friend , shareena joachim , 24 , ( mugshot right ) is said to have carried the mace . the pair have been arrested on multiple charges including attempted murder . 