she recently turned 51 but elle macpherson 's good looks , toned body and age-defying skin would have you believe otherwise . so what 's her secret ? the model has revealed that she carries around a ph balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body . in an interview with the evening standard , the model admitted that the most surprising thing in her handbag is the tester kit , which she uses to check her state of alkaline . scroll down for video . elle macpherson , who turned 51 last month , has revealed that she carries around a ph balance urine tester kit wherever she goes to check the state of her body . elle said : ' ( the most surprising thing in my handbag is ) a ph balance urine tester kit to check that i 'm in an alkaline state . i believe that most ailments come from having an acidic body . ' the body 's ph value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is , and many nutritionists say that having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness and disease . an alkaline body can be achieved by eating the right foods ( lots of leafy greens ) and exercising . having been labeled ' the body ' since the 1980s , elle has had to make sure her physique is in peak condition at all times , and the britain 's next top model host puts her figure down to ' variation ' and ' consistency ' . the body 's ph value tells you how acidic or alkaline your body is , and many nutritionists say that having an alkaline body helps defend against sickness and disease . elle is well-known for her healthy diet and even released her own superfood product , the super elixir . she said : ' variation is key . i work out 45 minutes a day , six days a week , combining hiking , water skiing , swimming and running on a beach . ' ( my idea of a healthy diet is ) consistency and eating three healthy meals a day . having said that , red meat , wheat and dairy do n't work for me . ' like fellow models miranda kerr and rosie huntington-whiteley , elle swears by the power of all things green and she is so convinced by their potency , that she 's unveiled her very own brand . last year , elle introduced the super elixir by welleco , a range of alkalising food supplements , which she describes as her drug . she has n't aged a day ! having been labeled ' the body ' since the 1980s , elle , pictured , left , in 1995 and , right , in 2012 , has had to make sure her physique is in peak condition at all times . the product was formulated over many years especially for elle by dr simone laubscher phd , a harley street nutritional doctor specialising in disease prevention . the powder , which can be sprinkled over salads or mixed into juices and smoothies , claims to support healthy nutrition and ensure your body is working to its optimum function . speaking to femail at the time about the inspiration behind her new range , elle said : ' i 'm on the run a lot and if i 'm not nourished , i do n't feel good . ' for years , i was taking vitamins and powders . i tried alternative medicine , acupuncture , reflexology . ' i 'm a pescatarian , i do n't drink , do drugs or smoke so what else can i do ? i was n't unaware of wellness but something was n't working for me and i told my doctor `` i do n't feel great '' . ' she told me my body was acidic , it was down to stress , travel and lack of sleep . ' elle has co-created the super elixir nourishing protein , which is made from locally sourced organic sprouted brown rice , pea protein chocolate and peruvian cacao and a product that the supermodel credits for helping her get ready for beach holidays . so successful was the launch of the elixir that the duo have added another product to the range : the super elixir nourishing protein . made from locally sourced organic sprouted brown rice , pea protein chocolate and peruvian cacao , the £45 product is a plant based complete protein , containing all nine essential amino acids like those found in red meat , eggs , chicken and fish . ' not only do i love the delicious chocolate taste but i enjoy sport and need a good source of clean protein for muscle repair , energy and of course getting ready for that beach holiday , ' said elle of the latest health product .    