a member of the armed forces has received £709,000 in compensation for bullying , it emerged last night . the sum dwarfs payments for troops seriously wounded on the battlefield . those who have lost both legs in combat are eligible for £570,000 . another soldier has received £411,000 after being left with psychological problems caused by harassment at the hands of senior troops . a member of the armed forces has received £709,000 in compensation for bullying , it emerged last night . the settlements are thought to be the largest paid out by ministry of defence as a result of bullying . last year , the mod gave a total of £81.9million in compensation to members of the armed forces for injury , death and property damage by the mod , according to the daily mirror . emma norton of human rights group liberty said : ‘ this is much more than a financial headache for the mod – it’s a problem that can cost a person their mental wellbeing or even their life . a new watchdog is to be created to investigate the way bullying and abuse cases are dealt with in the armed forces after corporal anne marie ellement ( above ) was found hanged in 2011 . ‘ if a soldier is bullied , ignored , then ground down by an interminable and biased complaints system , it’s no surprise they feel legal action is their only option . ‘ if the mod wants to reduce its compensation bill , it must deal effectively with bullies – simply saying the army has a zero- tolerance approach doesn’t make it so . ’ the mod said it was misleading to compare payouts from the armed forces compensation scheme with common law claims . a spokesman said that personal injury claims were based on ‘ legal liability’ , while the afcs gives compensation ‘ irrespective of fault , across a range of circumstances’ arising from service . a new watchdog is to be created to investigate the way bullying and abuse cases are dealt with in the armed forces , the government announced last year . the case of cpl anne marie ellement , 30 , who was found hanged at bulford barracks , wilts , in 2011 prompted the commitment . an inquest found that psychological effects of an alleged rape and ‘work-related despair’ contributed to her death and the coroner called for the mod to review its care for vulnerable soldiers .