when clarence david moore escaped from a north carolina prison as a 23-year-old inmate , president richard nixon occupied the white house , us forces were still fighting in vietnam and a single ride on the new york city subway cost 30 cents . moore has been on the run from the law for more than four decades , until monday afternoon when he called the franklin county sheriff 's office in kentucky and admitted to being a fugitive . sheriff pat melton says moore , 66 , was at the former polk youth institute in butner , north carolina , serving a sentence of more than 10 years for larceny when he broke free june 10 , 1972 . scroll down for video . captured : clarence david moore , 66 , is seen being wheeled from his home in frankfort , kentucky , monday , after he admitted to being a fugitive who escaped from a north carolina prison in 1972 . medical necessity : moore suffers from several medical conditions and can not walk , but because he has no social security card of any form of id , he has been unable to receive medical treatment . at 4pm monday , nearly 43 years after moore’s escape , he finally emerged from the shadows . ‘ i need to make this right and get through this , ’ moore was quoted as telling sheriff melton . after sheriff 's deputies verified moore 's story , he was taken into custody . the 66-year-old , who suffers from several unspecified ailments and apparently can not walk on his own , was captured by the station wtvq being wheeled out of his frankfort home on a gurney and taken to a hospital before being sent to jail . he explained to investigators he has not been able to get medical treatment because he does not have a social security card or any other form of identification . according to the sheriff 's office , the man’s unexpected decision to give himself up after all these years was motivated by his desire to see a doctor . now it will be up to prosecutors in north carolina to decide whether to pursue extradition in moore 's case . hiding in plain sight : moore had worked on a ship for many years before moving to frankfort and settling in a tidy red-brick home with white columns along a tree-lined residential street . according to north carolina department of public safety prison records obtained by whas11 , clarence moore , who also went by the name david moore , had been convicted of larceny in july 1967 . moore told deputies in kentucky that the charge stemmed from the theft of two television sets . he was originally scheduled to be released june 1 , 1978 . during his time as an outlaw , moore had worked on a ship for many years before moving to frankfort and settling in a tidy red-brick home with white columns along a tree-lined residential street . when in 2009 he was involved in a car crash , moore gave his name as ronnie dickinson to protect his true identity . he is now facing a charge of contempt of court in kentucky for misrepresenting himself to police five years ago . prison break : moore , then , 23 years old , took off from a prison formerly known as polk youth institute in butner in june 1972 . 