outed on grindr : republican lawmaker from north dakota , randy boehning , has an over 10-year history of voting against gay rights . on monday , he was outed for using gay hook-up app grindr . a republican lawmaker in north dakota with a long record of opposition to pro-gay rights laws was revealed this week to be an active user of gay hook-up app grindr and claims he was outed as part of a smear campaign by a rival . randy boehning , a 52-year-old who 's represented fargo since 2002 , sent messages and a photo of his penis to a 21-year-old gay man in bismark named dustin smith . smith recognized the staunch conservative and took his story , and explicit photo , to the press . but , while admitting he 's gay and uses grindr , the public official claimed his private life was revealed as part of a fellow lawmaker 's retaliation for his vote against a bill that would afford protections to gays . smith told forum on monday that he first recognized boehning , who he knew by the grindr handle top man ! , while reading an april 2 article that pictured all the state 's house of representatives members who voted down an anti-discrimination bill . ' suddenly it dawned on me : i think i 've seen this guy on grindr ! ' smith told the washington post on wednesday . using the ' an all-male location-based social network ' on his phone , smith retrieved the conversation in question in which boehning , without solicitation , sent a photo of his penis along with one of his face . ' i just felt like this story had to get out , ' smith said . ' [ he ] voted against a bill for the lgbt community and here he was talking to me on grindr . ' forum ran their story on monday , in which boehning both came out and accused an employee at his workplace for exposing him after he exposed himself . ' that 's what gay guys do on gay sites , do n't they ? ' boehning told forum . ' that 's how things happen on grindr . it 's a gay chat site . it 's not the first thing you do on that site . that 's what we do , exchange pics on the site . ' top man ! dustin smith , a 21-year-old gay man who lives in bismarck , recognized boehning as grindr user top man ! and took his story to the local press . boehning went on to claim that , prior to his april 2 vote against the anti-discrimination bill , a capitol employee warned him that a fellow lawmaker who supported the bill vowed boehning would become a target for retaliation should he vote no . however , boehning has thus far refused to name that lawmaker . meanwhile , the only openly gay lawmaker in the state 's legislature , rep. josh boschee of fargo , said he never spoke to boehning about the vote . boschee claims he 's been told of a republican staffer who 's been in contact with boehning via grindr since he was last elected and who warned boehning ' there could be consequences for the hypocrisy of [ his ] vote . ' boschee also declined to name any names . as for his coming out , boehning , who says he 's also attracted to women , seemed somewhat relieved . ' the 1,000-pound gorilla has been lifted , ' he said . ' i have to confront it at some point . ' blackmailed ? boehning claims he was blackmailed by a capitol employee just before his most recent vote against a gay rights bill . weeks later , he was outed .