egypt’s oldest pyramid was built almost 5,000 years ago but a similar structure hidden beneath rubble could be up to four times older . if true , the claim could rewrite prehistory and shed light on an obscure yet powerful and advanced ancient civilisation . geologist dr danny hilman believes that a site in west java is revered because it hides an ancient temple built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . scroll down for video . a geologist claims that the world 's oldest pyramid is hidden under rubble ( pictured ) in west java , which if true , could re-write pre-history in the region and shed light on a powerful and advanced ancient civilisation . the megalithic site of gunung padang was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in indonesia . it is nestled among volcanoes , banana palms and tea plantations , at 2,903 ft ( 885 metres ) above sea level some 75 miles ( 120km ) south of jakarta . chunks of volcanic rubble jut out up from the stepped hillside , which is considered sacred by the sundanese people who live locally . geologist dr danny hilman believes the site is culturally important is because it is an ancient pyramid which was built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . he suggests that it may have been built for worship or astronomy . the megalithic site of gunung padang ( pictured ) was discovered in 1914 and is the largest site of its kind in indonesia . it 's nestled among volcanoes banana and tea plantations , at 2,903 ft ( 885 metres ) above sea level . chunks of volcanic rubble stick up from the stepped hillside ( pictured ) , which is considered sacred by the sundanese people who live locally . geologist dr danny hilman thinks the reason the site is so revered is that it is an ancient pyramid which was built between 9,000 and 20,000 years ago . if the structure in west java is revealed to be a 20,000-year-old pyramid , it will be the oldest on earth . in 1996 , archaeologists discovered pyramids on the atlantic coast of southern brazil that sate to around 3,000 bc , making them a few hundred years older than egypt 's oldest pyramid . but both civilisations built them for religious reasons . the brazilian pyramids are made from shells and were probably built in phases over decades or even centuries , the independent reported . for years , experts thought the pyramids were simply piles of domestic rubbish . egypt’s oldest known pyramid is the step pyramid of djoser , which was built in around 2,700 bc . it was built by a master builder called imhotep for the burial of pharaoh djoser and is composed of six steps . the ancient structure was rocked by a pyramid in 1992 , leaving it unstable with a large hole in its domed roof , but restoration is underway . if this is true , prehistoric people would have had to manoeuvre chunks of volcanic rock onto terraces built on the mountainside and stack them on top of each other to create a pyramid – a considerable feat of ancient engineering . dr hilman , a senior geologist at indonesia’s centre for geotechnical research , says that proof of the structure’s organisation lies underground . his excavations have been backed by the indonesian government , which recently decreed that the upper part of gunung padang is ' the largest megalithic structure in south-east asia , ' the sydney morning herald reported . president yudhoyono dubbed the dig a ‘ task of history…of important value to humanity . ' and it has yielded some ancient artefacts . dr hilman said : ‘ people think the prehistoric age was primitive , but this monument proves that wrong . ’ he believes such a pyramid would be proof of an advanced ancient civilisation in java and said that the majority of the stepped site is man-made , perhaps built by generations over a matter of centuries . the geologist is now working to establish the authenticity of the site . some rocks were originally stuck together with a form of ancient glue and have been carbon dated to be around 7,000 bc . dr hilman said that the ruins hide walls and rooms with steps and terraces below , which are evidence of a complex building . dr hilman said : ‘ people think the prehistoric age was primitive , but this monument proves that wrong . ’ some rocks were originally stuck together with a form of ancient glue and have been carbon dated to be around 7,000 bc . the site is thought to have been built for worship or astronomy . the site ( marked on the map ) is nestled among volcanoes , banana palms and tea plantations , at 2,903 ft ( 885 metres ) above sea level some 75 miles ( 120km ) south of jakarta , and south east of sukabumi city ( marked ) . the terraces are bordered by retaining walls of stone that can be accessed by 400 steps rising around 311 ft ( 95 metres ) . the structure is covered with massive rectangular stones of volcanic origin . it has been subjected to multiple geoelectric surveys , where ground penetrating radar and samples have been used . from this , he believes the terraced hill is 328 ft ( 100 metres ) thick and is made up of a number of layers . he said that so far man-made structures have been detected 49 ft ( 15 metres ) underground . experts dated rock between nine and 13 ft ( three and four metres ) below the surface as 6,500 years old and 12,500 years old below the surface . however , dr hilman’s controversial findings are disputed and 34 indonesian archaeologists and geologists have submitted a petition criticising the projects’ methods and motives . they say that the excavation threatens the preservation of the site as it is and are annoyed at the prospect of involving civilian archaeologists in the excavation . volcanologist sutikno bronto believes that the structure isn’t a pyramid at all , but the neck of an old volcano and that the stones surveyed have been weathered by nature instead of being cut by humans . another anonymous expert is sceptical that such an ancient civilisation could have been advanced enough to build a pyramid so many thousands of years ago , when tools recovered from a nearby cave , dating to 7,000 bc were very primitive . the terraces are bordered by retaining walls of stone ( pictured ) that can be accessed by 400 steps rising around 311 ft ( 95 metres ) . they date to at least 5,000 bc .