bafetimbi gomis has been stepping up his recovery from a hamstring injury as the swansea city striker returned to france in a bid to get back playing as soon as possible . the french forward suffered the injury during the swans ' 1-1 premier league draw with everton earlier this month and has been using his spell on the sidelines to spend time with his family in lyon . scans revealed a grade two hamstring tear that should keep the 29-year-old out for between three and four weeks but gomis has been pleased with his progress during the first week of rehabilitation . swansea city striker bafetimbi gomis has been recovering from his hamstring injury in france . gomis is put through his stretching exercises as he bids to play again in two to three weeks . gomis works on strengthening his muscle and has also been able to spend time with his family in lyon . the former lyon striker took to instagam on thursday to share pictures of his recovery as he was put through various muscle building exercises to strengthen the injury . ' working hard on my rehab to be in shape asap and at home with my family , it seems that things are going better , ' gomis wrote on instagram . ' i hope that i can go back on the field soon . after all the effort nothing is better than the comfort provided by my little dione . ' the frenchman will miss league trips to leicester and newcastle and the home game with stoke but hopes to return for the visit to arsenal on may 11 . swansea 's gomis unleashes a dangerous shot against everton but only manages to injure his hamstring . the frenchman is treated on the sidelines after leaving the field during swansea 's 1-1 draw with everton . gomis ' injury has come at the worst possible time as he was finding his best form in a swansea shirt after a difficult first season at the liberty stadium . the 29-year-old spent the first half of the campaign in wilfried bony 's shadow and appeared to be agitating for a move until the ivorian was sold to manchester city in january for an initial £25million fee . but gomis , who joined from lyon on a free transfer last summer , has since settled at swansea and had scored four goals in seven games before being injured against everton .