the producers of the tv show made in chelsea pride themselves on featuring some of the poshest young ladies and gentleman in london . but even by their standards , mark-francis vandelli is well-to-do - the privately educated son of a multimillionaire industrialist and model would n't have to work a day in his life if he chose not to . but if you were n't already envious of the reality star , he has now opened up his watch collection to the evening standard , showing off some of the 16 eye-wateringly expensive timepieces that he has been collecting since his teens . scroll down for video . made in chelsea star mark-francis vandelli is a keen collector of expensive watches . the 26 year old has got into the habit of buying a new watch each year , so that he will have an impressive collection by the time he reaches middle age . many watch enthusiasts would argue that mark-francis has already reached that goal - he currently owns a number of pieces that are worth several thousand pounds . in a new interview with the newspaper , he revealed his favourite items and the history behind them . the include a bulgari bulgari chrono 42 , a cartier tortue collection privée and a rolex yellow gold oyster perpetua . mark-francis 's most expensive watch is a cartier white gold moonphase , which he bought from a shop on sloane street in chelsea earlier this year . mark-francis 's most expensive watch is a cartier white gold moonphase ( left ) , while one of his flashiest is a bulgari bulgari chrono 42 ( right ) . it cost £32,000 and caught his eye because it has a sun or a moon than move on rotation depending on the hour of the day . one of the flashiest watches in his collection is the bulgari bulgari chrono 42 , which he purchased on holiday in italy and can be bought secondhand on the internet for £6,5000 . he said of the item : ' when i was 16 my grandmother gave me the first prototype of the bulgari bulgari , which the bulgari family had given her in the 1950s - i think it 's one of the only ones that was actually hand engraved around the bezel . ' mark-francis ended up buying this modern version after he fell into a river wearing his grandmother 's version while out rowing at school . mark francis favours a cartier tortue collection privée timepiece because it is no longer made ( left ) , while he wears a rolex yellow gold oyster perpetual when out raving in east london ( right ) . while many of his watches are hard to come by , mark francis favours a cartier tortue collection privée timepiece in particular because it is no longer made , meaning he would be unlikely to be caught out wearing it at the same time as another man . similar versions can be bought on the internet for around £9,000 . he told the newspaper : ' cartier does n't make this one any more , which i love . i did see someone else wearing it once , however - i was at the wolseley and it was this fat american , i was mortified . ' and finally , for the man who has a watch for every occasion - the timepiece that he wears when visiting east london ... a rolex yellow gold oyster perpetual . similar watches can be bought on the internet for £8,000 . he said : ' you can swim in it , sleep in it , throw it around , go to a rave . this is my hardwearing , `` i 'm going to shoreditch '' watch . ' 