as the youngest member of the kardashian-jenner clan , kylie jenner was bound to have a different upbringing to your average teen . since keeping up with the kardashians started in 2007 , when kylie was just nine years old , she has been one of the biggest tween stars - with a ticket to every a-list event in town . and as she teeters on the brink of adulthood , the reality star appears poised to overtake all of her siblings as the most talked about member of her famous family . scroll down for videos . kylie jenner ( right ) poses at coachella with her rumoured boyfriend tyga , 24 , and sister khloe kardashian . mcq alexander mcqueen long sleeve mesh dress . buy at nordstrom . visit site . we don’t know about you , but kylie jenner is continuing to mesh-merize us with her evolving fashion sense . the raven-haired teen stunned in her mcq alexander mcqueen black mesh dress which flashed a bit of skin with its sheer detailing . we bet that made tyga roar in delight ... reminiscent of kim kardashian’s mesh jumpsuit by julien macdonald she wore to the brits earlier this year , kylie proved that she takes style inspiration from her older fashion-conscious sisters and it seems to be working wonders for the experimental reality star . an lbd with a twist such as this one will be a great investment for your wardrobe and whenever someone asks you where it’s from ( because they will ) you’ll be proud to divulge . mcqueen , darling ... and the best part ? kylie 's exact dress is still up for grabs at nordstrom for $ 315- just click right to make it yours in time for your next night on the tiles . if you 'd rather get the look for less , check out the edit below which features our top mesh dress alternatives from the likes of forever 21 and topshop . forever 21 mesh long sleeve bodycon dress at new look . visit site . maykool black mesh dress . visit site . missguided bra detail mesh mini dress . visit site . topshop mesh long sleeve dress . visit site . kylie had a relatively normal childhood until the age of nine , when the kardashian family started to invite cameras into their home for the filming of their reality show . by 2012 , when she was 14 years old , kylie opted to leave sierra canyon school where she was a student and be home-tutoured through an at-home education programme . by the age of 17 , kylie already has several projects to her name , including two nail varnishes , a clothes collection , a show line and a range of accessories with her sister kendall . but her extracurricular activities that grab the most attention are her choices in clothing , her rumoured boyfriend and the many provocative poses that she publishes on her instagram account , which has more than 21 million followers . kylie jenner posted a series of pictures of herself in skimpy clothing during her trip to coachella festival . like all of kris jenner 's daughters , kylie has a deep interest in fashion , but her style is by far the most revealing of all of the family . the star is regularly photographed out and about in clothes that are instantly emulated by her legions of teen fans - her style is considered the edgiest of all her family . kylie recently hinted that she had her nipples pierced in a post on snapchat . while her sister kendall is idolised for her supermodel looks , it is kylie 's edgy fashion sense that is most admired within her family and among their peers . at coachella , kylie paraded around the desert in a skimpy jumpsuit that gathered instant praise from young women and guaranteed that she stood out from the millions of copycat festival goers in boho-chic . on the same day , she posed up for pictures in a pair of granny pants and managed to achieve the impossible - making them look cool . flashing the flesh is not something that fazes kylie - she regularly uploads selfies of herself in a bikini for her many fans . just last week , kylie posted a picture on snapchat where she hinted at having her nipples pierced . in the photo kylie had drawn red circles around where her nipples would be under her sweatshirt and captioned it : ' new jewelry in other secret areas . ' kylie and kendall are part of the new breed of the kardashian family - while khloe , kourtney and kim embrace the polished body-con look , the two younger sisters are more in tune with the the grungy fashion of the last two years . while hints at nipple piercing might raise a few eyebrows in certain camps , it is this rebellious behaviour by kylie that is keeping the family current for a younger generation - one that has little in common with kim , who has now settled down and started a family . momager kris says that it 's kylie 's unique style that sets her apart from the rest of the family and makes her appealing to fans . ' i realized two to three years ago , my older daughters were asking kylie for fashion advice , ' she said , adding that her influence can be seen in the family 's steve madden fashion line . ' kylie 's choice of attire regularly raises eyebrows but is adored by her legions of fans , who copy her every look . kylie is very body confident and her instagram page is full of selfies . kris continued : ' kylie decided she had this edgy style she wanted to bring to the table , and she was n't satisfied going along with what kendall wanted . ' kylie and kendall both appeared on time magazine 's 25 most influential teens of 2014 list , which listed among their achievements , that they had : ' hosted red carpet events , released clothing and nail polish lines and even published a dystopian young-adult novel . ' earlier this year it was also announced that kylie would be releasing a clothing line at topshop with her sister kendall . but while kylie 's clothing draws a huge amount of attention , it is her knack with the make-up brush that has really racked up column inches for her over the last six months . like many 17 year olds , kylie spends a significant amount of time in front of the mirror practicing new make-up styles . unlike kylie though - they do n't have the added benefit of regular sessions in a professional make-up artist's chair and endless expensive mascaras , blushers , lipsticks and foundations at her disposal . she has used this to her advantage and is widely considered among her family to be the expert at applying make-up . kylie with her rumoured boyfriend tyga,24 . kylie is often targeted for the pictures she posts of herself with overly-plump lips . in fact , while the rest of her sisters get their faces professionally done before attending celebrity events , kylie is the only one who does her own . her sister kim said : ' she 's so good at makeup . ' the main feature that has attracted so much attention are kylie 's lips , which she swells to three times their natural size by using expertly lining outside her lip line . kylie told e ! news : ' everyone thinks i have one specific lip colour , but i have , like , 10 different nudes . ' i love lip liner and overlining my lips . ' always the sign of a trendsetter - this look has now turned into a trend , with young women across the us and europe attempting to ape the look . even the british supermodel suki waterhouse got in on the act by making over her sister maddie using the kylie tactic and posting the results on instagram a few months ago . kylie has grown up in the spotlight . here she is pictured with her sister kendall , mother kris and father bruce as a young girl . kylie and kendall are pictured out with their sister kim in 2008 . after growing up in the spotlight , kendall and kylie both appear to have matured much faster than their three older half-sisters . for the last seven months , kylie is reported to have been in a relationship with the american rapper tyga , who shares a two year old with his ex-girlfriend blac chyna . the couple were first pictured together at bordeaux airport in france last october and have since been pictured out several times together . last november , they served food at a homeless shelter on thanksgiving and were also pictured shopping for toys for tyga 's son . more recently , tyga joined the kardashian-jenner family on a visit to church on easter sunday and last weekend he went on a road trip to coachella with kylie and her sisters khloe and kendall . but while speculation has continued to grow about the couple , kylie has managed to remain admirably quiet on the issue , even when baited by stars like amber rose , who called her a baby . kylie recently revealed that she is ready to leave the family home she shares with kris jenner and move into a place of her own . in fact , kylie is far removed from being a baby - now she is just four months shy of her 18th birthday , the star is already getting ready to move out of her family home into a place of her own . in a recent interview with teen vogue , she said : ' i 'm moving out when i turn 18 . i 'm ready to live on my own . ' it 's a really big step , but i 'm ready . ' i want a house near my family in a quiet neighborhood with a front yard and a backyard that my dog will like . ' also , i have so many shoes , and none of them fit in my old closet . ' with a rumoured music career on the way , with a new single called forever real , featuring iggy azalea and tyga reported to be released later this year , it seems like this young lady is on the brink of even bigger stardom .