a bartender and model has filed a civil lawsuit against the police , claiming officers used excessive force during her arrest when they slammed her to the ground , breaking four bones in her face . megan sheehan , of san francisco , said that camera footage of bay area rapid transit officers and oakland police conflict with what police say happened the night she was knocked unconscious at santa rita jail . she had been arrested and booked at the santa rita jail for suspicion of resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication on st. patrick 's day of 2014 . megan sheehan , of san francisco , was knocked unconscious and suffered broken facial bones and cracked teeth after police took her to ground at santa rita jail . sheehan claims that camera footage of bay area rapid transit officers and oakland police conflict with what police say happened - that she was guided to the ground after ' violently punching ' . security and body camera footage shows sheehan being booked into the jail after a night of heavy drinking when two officers grab sheehan 's arms and slam her to the ground . sheehan , who said she 's psychologically still recovering from the attack , suffered severe facial injuries and was left bloodied , lying on the ground after the incident . she said that she is embarrassed with how drunk she was the night she was arrested , but that did n't warrant the force the police used . ' i should have never gotten that drunk , but also there are ways to detain someone and not break their face , ' she told abc . sheehan was arrested by a bart officer , which she said she deserved because she was being drunk and belligerent . she was intoxicated , ' verbally argumentative ' and did n't appear to be able to take care of herself , bart police who found her sitting on a bench inside a station said , according to sf gate . in the right side of the video frame , sheehan can be seen being grabbed by two officers who take her to the ground . she then loses consciousness and police call for medical assistance . as sheehan lies unconscious in a pool of her own blood , medical staff and an officer try to tend to her injuries . medical staff were called after a woman behind the jail counter asked if sheehan was ' down ' , and officers told her ' you might want medical ' , according to body camera footage . she had to be taken to the ground to be handcuffed and she hit an officer in the shoulder as well as kicked him in the face , police said . she was booked on resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication . sheehan was taken to santa rita jail in dublin , where her handcuffs were removed so she could remove her jewelry . she was ' initially compliant ' , but after she was told she could n't bring a hair tie into the jail , she threw it at one of the officers . she then ' inexplicably ' started looking through her purse and did n't stop when asked to do so , bart police said . officer nolan pianta put her in an ' arm bar control hold to gain compliance ' , but she resisted and tried ' violently punching ' , the police report said . sheehan said she is embarrassed by how drunk she got the night of the incident and that she deserved to be arrested . but she added that her drunkenness should n't warrant the police to be as forceful as they were . sheehan , a bartender and model , filed her lawsuit in the u.s. district court in san francisco . she names bart and officer pianta as defendants . she was then ' guided ' to the ground by bart and oakland police officers , the report said . but sheehan claims she was forcefully slammed to the ground and left severely injured . surveillance footage shows sheehan being grabbed by two officers and being taken to the ground head first . she lost consciousness , suffered four broken cheek bones , a split molar and a cracked front tooth , according to sf gate . ' they knew by throwing her to the ground without having her hands available to break the fall , that she was going to suffer serious head injuries , ' sheehan 's attorney john scott told abc . he added that she was uncooperative , and that he believes the excessive force was intentional . sheehan was arrested by bart officers in a transit station on st patrick 's day of 2014 . she booked into the jail for suspicion of resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and public intoxication after a night of heavy drinking . sheehan said it took her a long time to recover from her injuries physically , and psychologically , she still has yet to fully recover . ' in police jargon , she flunked the attitude test , ' scott said , claiming that sheehan was being ' taught a lesson ' . sheehan was treated by nurses in the station and was taken to the hospital . she said it look a long time to recover physically and she is still recovering psychologically . she is seeking unspecified damages in her suit , filed in the u.s. district court in san francisco . she names bart and pianta as defendants . attorneys for bart said in court papers that no wrongdoing occurred and that sheehan was partially responsible for the injuries she sustained . sheehan was treated by nurses at the jail before she was taken to the hospital . she suffered four broken cheek bones , a split molar and a cracked front tooth .