sydneysiders missed out on saturday night 's lunar eclipse , but melbourne and adelaide residents had a spectacular view of the ' blood moon ' as it lit up the sky . wet and cloudy weather was to blame in sydney , where the sydney observatory said the short lunar began at 10.58pm ( aedt ) and finished at 11.03pm . ' our live feed from griffith observatory is showing gorgeous totality pink ! ' observatory staff wrote on twitter at about 11pm , accompanying their tweet with a picture of equipment showing off the bright pink moon . scroll down for video . the lunar eclipse as seen from melbourne on easter saturday , april 4 . a total lunar eclipse occurs when the moon is completely in the earth 's shadow . wet and cloudy weather was to blame for sydneysiders missing out on the view , but the sydney observatory captured every moment with their equipment . brisbane was also predicted to miss out due to bad weather , but the moon was pictured revealing itself through rain clouds towards the end of a total lunar eclipse . the beginning of the eclipse was captured from behind leaves illuminated by a street light in canberra on saturday . ' it 's highly likely that it will still be cloudy , ' the bureau of meteorology 's chris webb had said of sydney , adding that a break in the clouds at precisely the right moment could still present a slim chance for hopeful sky gazers . brisbane , darwin , canberra and hobart residents were also promised slim chance of viewing the phenomenon due to poor weather conditions , but clear night skies were predicted for adelaide , melbourne and perth . those faced with bad weather may not have missed out on much however , with the event being one of the shortest lunar eclipses of the century . ' some sources indicate it will be around 10 minutes of totality , which will make it the shortest since 1917 , but other sources say it will be less than five minutes which makes it the shortest since 1592 , ' sydney observatory astronomer andrew smith told the abc earlier . despite rain and clouds predicted to obscure the event for canberrians , this image was taken of the full moon behind clouds on saturday night . taken in canberra : the event was predicted to be one of the shortest lunar eclipses of the century . the eclipse begins in canberra : weather warnings did not deter star gazers . residents of auckland in new zealand also had a spectacular view of the ' blood moon ' . a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes through the edge of the earth 's shadow . this is an area known as the umbra , where light from the sun is blocked by our planet . the light refracts differently in the atmosphere and , as it hits the moon , it appears red . the eclipse is the third in a series of four blood moons , with the final one expected on september 28 . part of the lunar eclipse is seen behind fully bloomed cherry blossoms in utsunomiya in tochigi prefecture , 100km north of tokyo on april 4 . sky-gazers in part of the pacific rim enjoyed the ' unusually brief ' total eclipse of the moon . a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes through the edge of the earth 's shadow . this is an area known as the umbra , where light from the sun is blocked by our planet . santa monica mountains in topanga , california , also had an amazing view of the eclipse on saturday . a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of earth . this is an area known as the umbra , where light from the sun is blocked by our planet . the light refracts differently in the atmosphere and , as it hits the moon , it makes it appear red . this gives rise to its ' blood red ' appearance during a total eclipse , when the entire moon is in shadow . if it skirts the shadow , known as a partial or penumbral eclipse , the effect is less dramatic . simon allen , bom 's senior meteorologist , told the abc that adelaide would have the clearest skies out of all the states - where the partial eclipse began at 8.45pm and the peak at 10:30pm . in brisbane , cloudy conditions and showers were forecast , denting the chances of seeing the eclipse . there was no rain in melbourne , where an uninterrupted view of the lunar event began at 9:15pm and peaked at 11pm . less positive wass the forecast for hobart , which was for clouds and a 20 per cent chance of rain . the same was also expected in canberra and a late storm was due in darwin , however the former managed to clear up enough for some to see the lunar show . those who miss out will have to wait until january 31 , 2018 , for the next lunar eclipse visible from australia . as did the echo park district of los angeles . early risers in the western u.s. and canada were treated to the spectacle before dawn saturday . clear skies in southern japan ( left ) while new york ( right ) saw a glimmer of the lunar show through low hanging clouds . residents in santa barbara , california , had this beautiful sight in their skies . the moon turns red over the mojave desert in landers , california .