judges have caused controversy by ordering that the parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria should have their identities hidden . they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named but now can not be identified to protect their youngsters from the glare of publicity . also among the parents are a couple who lied to the authorities about losing their daughter’s passport . scroll down for video . all smiles : waheed ahmed , son of labour councillor shakil ahmed , after being held on the syrian border . critics argue that the parents should be named because they could be extremists and therefore a risk to other members of the public . one case involves a family of nine britons – three men , two women and four children aged between one and 11 – who were caught trying to get into lawless syria from turkey last week . the group , from rochdale , were led by 21-year-old politics undergraduate waheed ahmed , the son of shakil ahmed – a respected labour councillor who was photographed with ed miliband just months ago . anonymity orders were granted to shield the children from the glare of publicity . but the draconian orders mean three of the adults must also have their identities hidden even though they are terror suspects . in a separate case , the high court banned the naming of five girls , aged 15 and 16 , who had their passports confiscated after they showed an interest in islamic extremism . four attended bethnal green academy in east london while the fifth is home schooled . counter-terrorism police have taken over the probe into the shooting of a syrian imam in london amid fears he was murdered by a professional hit squad . abdul hadi arwani , a fierce critic of syrian leader bashar al-assad , was gunned down in wembley as he sat in his car . scotland yard’s homicide and major crime command was leading the probe but counter-terrorism officers have taken over due to its potential ‘ international dimensions’ . they are understood to be examining his links to groups which oppose the syrian regime . the girls were granted anonymity because they were juveniles . but this means the identities of their parents must also be hidden behind a cloak of secrecy . these include the couple who lied to the authorities about their daughter’s passport . police and social services had sought to seize it because they were concerned the teenager had been radicalised . counter-terrorism officers wanted to ensure she did not follow in the footsteps of four other pupils from the school – kadiza sultana , shamima begum , amira abase and sharmeena begum – who ran away to join islamic state . but when approached by police , social workers and teachers , her mother and father insisted the passport had disappeared and , in any case , had expired . later , police discovered the girl’s passport remained valid until 2016 . a high court judge said the failure to disclose the truth was ‘ manifestly highly relevant’ in the decision to impose a travel ban on the vulnerable child . mr justice hayden , sitting in the family division of the high court , said : ‘ i have no doubt that misinformation about [ the girl’s ] passport had been given to the school , the police and to the social services , a fact which plainly is relevant in evaluating the matrix of risk . ’ lured to jihad : kadiza sultana , 16 , left , shamima begum , 15 , centre , and amira abase , 15 , right , at gatwick . he said the parents ‘ deliberately did not share [ information ] with the authorities’ . hannah stuart , a research fellow for security think-tank the henry jackson society , said granting anonymity to the three rochdale terror suspects was ‘ like trying to put a cat back in a bag’ as they had previously been named . but she said the bethnal green schoolgirls should not be named because ‘ the stigma will stay with them forever’ . she also suggested the parents of one girl lied because of the malign influence of radical extremists and their apologists such as muslim human rights group cage , which supported islamic state killer jihadi john . ‘ these groups foment a belief within the muslim community , whether out of ignorance or malice , that they should be fearful of the police , of the state , of counter-terrorism policies , and should not co-operate , ’ she said . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .