former leeds captain trevor cherry has branded the six united players who withdrew at short notice from saturday 's match against charlton a ' disgrace ' and called for them to be sacked by the club . italian quartet mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro and marco silvestri , frenchman souleymane doukara and albanian edgar cani all told beleaguered head coach neil redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london . redfearn , speaking after his side lost 2-1 at the valley , described it as a ' freakish ' set of events . according to the manager , silvestri had been rested since sustaining a knock but had been expected to recover , while antenucci and canu declared themselves unfit after training on thursday with the rest pulling out following a ' light ' session on friday . neil redfearn had a depleted squad to pick from when six leeds united players pulled out at late notice . mirco antenucci was among the six players to withdraw from the squad ahead of the defeat by charlton . but cherry was unimpressed and wants the players out of elland road . ' i would sack them and take the pfa ( professional footballers ' association ) on , ' he said on bbc radio five live 's sportsweek . ' i do n't think players can do that , it 's scandalous and it 's just another story for leeds united that is disgraceful . he added : ' i do n't know exactly the players and it might be one or two of them have got a good excuse , but it sounds too stupid to be true . ' striker antenucci used twitter to defend himself , as did goalkeeper silvestri who posted a picture of a cut on his back suffered against norwich on tuesday night . however , cherry questioned if they were legitimate reasons to withdraw . ' in the old days you used to play with anything , cuts or one thing or another , ' he said . ' the managers had a big say in whether you were fit or not . you did n't just come in and say ' i 've got a headache , i 'm going home ' . i 'm sure with george graham or don revie , i ca n't imagine what would have happened if you 'd have done that . ' giuseppe bellusci , antenucci and two other italians were among those who made themselves unavailable . the withdrawals are just the latest incident in another turbulent period at leeds . redfearn 's position at elland road has become increasingly threatened over recent weeks , despite leading the club to championship safety after taking over from ill-fated predecessors david hockaday and darko milanic . he saw assistant steve thompson lose his job without warning on april 2 and his own deal , which expires at the end of the season , looks increasingly unlikely to be renewed under the club 's current regime . the withdrawals , including souleymane doukara 's , are the latest incident in another turbulent period at leeds . club president massimo cellino has been banned since january after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in italy , but is due to return in a fortnight 's time . cherry , who played for leeds between 1972 and 1982 , was left to lament the situation at his old club . ' it 's a club that 's a shambles and has been a shambles for 10 years , ' the ex-england defender said . ' we just stutter from disaster to disaster , joke to joke . if it was n't sickening it would be funny . you could n't write a book about leeds united and what 's happened . ' personally , i do n't know the italian guy but i do n't think he realises the size of the club , it 's just a little play thing and he 's making a mess of it in my opinion . ' club president massimo cellino has been banned since january but is due to return in a fortnight 's time . 