the rubik 's cube has puzzled the minds of millions for decades , with most people giving up before ever coming close to finishing the notoriously difficult game . but not teenager collin burns , who has completed a cube in just 5.25 seconds , smashing the world record . the us national ' speedcubing ' champion was at an official rubik 's cube event in doylestown , pennsylvania , when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record . genius : teenager collin burns completed a rubik 's cube in just 5.25 seconds , breaking the world record . unbelievable : collin looks up at the clock after finishing the puzzle , clearly astonished by his achievement . other teenagers can be seen chatting in the background as they completed their own puzzles at the official world cube association ( wca ) meeting this weekend . meanwhile collin is focused on his cube , quickly spinning the rows of tiles round as the clock counts upward from zero . as the 3x3 rubik 's cube 's colours align , he drops it down on to a pressure sensor which stops the watch , bringing gasps from his fellow enthusiasts as they realise he has set a new fastest time . collin breaks into a huge smile as he sees his accomplishment , which was 0.3 seconds quicker than the previous world record of 5.55 seconds , set by dutchman mats valk . other rubik 's cube enthusiasts dash over to see what has happened as people begin to cheer . the us national ' speedcubing ' champion was at an official rubik 's cube event in doylestown , pennsylvania , when he shaved 0.3 of a second off the record . the gathered teenagers suddenly break into cheers as they crowd round to get a closer look , patting collin on the back and shaking his hand . a wca representative told mashable that the teenager had officially broken the record . ' although this result has not been uploaded to the wca database just yet , we can confirm that this is ( or will be soon ) the new official wca world record for the 3x3x3 single solve category , ' the spokesman said . ' to our best knowledge , it has been performed in an official competition , with all the rules being followed , even the scramble has been checked for its correctness . '