a former bomb disposal expert has won his battle with the bulge after shedding half his bodyweight after undergoing gastric bypass surgery . steve tempest-mitchell , from bradford , west yorkshire , lost a whopping 16st after the surgery 14 months ago , which caused his stomach to shrink to the size of a tennis ball . the 56-year-old said he decided to go through with the operation after hitting 32st and struggling to control his type 2 diabetes . scroll down for video . slim and trim : steve tempest-mitchell says he has a new lease of life after slimming down from 32st to 16st . ' it was a case of going in for the surgery and hoping to come out the other side , ' said the father-of-three . this was a life changing and life threatening decision for me to make . ' at 32st , it was not an easy decision as i had been turned down for the surgery two and a half years previously . ' it had got to a point where something had to be done because i was slowly killing myself . i was just waiting for something awful to happen and even needed psychiatric help . ' although he never indulged in binge-eating , mr tempest-mitchell says he would eat smaller portions at regular intervals and was drinking around eight cans of cola a day . but the former bomb disposal expert had n't always been big and he says that growing up , he lived an active lifestyle , regularly playing rugby and competing in wrestling . flashback : mr tempest-mitchell said he was almost a recluse when he was at his biggest ( above ) . as he got older , he began to struggle with his weight thanks to a lifestyle of long-haul flights , business meetings and boozy evenings spent entertaining clients . mr tempest-mitchell also had to contend with some highly stressful situations while working as a bomb disposal expert between 1996 and 2005 in iraq and afghanistan , where he was employed as a contractor with the ministry of defence . using high-pressure water technology , he would set about the grim task of defusing bombs . ' it was a very stressful situation , ' he explains . ' not only have you got to handle the situation of defusing the threat of the bomb but you are in dangerous territory as well under guard from soldiers . helping hand : the former bomb disposal expert said he needed to be pushed in a wheelchair to board a plane . ' we were very lucky as one of the bases we were stationed at was attacked by a rocket launcher just weeks after we left . ' mr tempest-mitchell , who is now a business development manager at a demolition and asbestos removal firm , said as the years went by , his weight crept up . ' i had a very active lifestyle before my work and life balance was disrupted and i began to not have time to eat right , ' he said . ' i was never one of those people who would eat massive amounts of food where you are stunned by the amount but i did have small portions regularly . ' ever since i was a child , i always drank coke . at one point , i was having between six to eight cans a day . i have had to completely cut coke out of my life as well as other fizzy drinks . i do n't mind if i never have one again . ' the father-of-three said his weight affected his self confidence and esteem . as a result of the weight gain , mr tempest-mitchell almost became housebound at his heaviest and was forced to plan every trip out . his weight issues even affected his working life , as well as his confidence and self esteem . ' i was forced to park the car as close as possible to wherever i was going , if i could n't , i 'd have to turn back and go home , ' he recalls . ' i was almost becoming a recluse as i was unable to visit sites for my work so instead worked from home . i was becoming a burden on my family , especially when we tried to go on holiday . i had to be taken to the plane by a buggy or wheelchair . ' fed up , he took the plunge and opted for surgery - a decision that coincided with him finding that he was about to become a grandfather . both of his daughters , aged 26 and 36 , were expecting babies . ' my one daughter came to see me while i was recovering from the operation and broke the news that she was pregnant , ' said mr tempest-mitchell , who also has a 34-year-old son . although he never indulged in eating too many snacks , he said he would drink up to eight cans of coke a day . ' i was so thrilled as i knew the success of the surgery would allow me to be more active and enjoy spending time with them as they are growing up . ' as well as losing more than a stone a month , he has also seen his waist shrink from 66 inches to 42 inches and his chest go down from 66 inches to 48 inches . ' now i feel like i am a new man , ' he said . ' i have the energy to play with my grandchildren , who are both nearly one , which i would not have been able to do before . '