sunday night 's towie saw dan edgar agree to give his relationship with jessica wright a second chance - and on the evidence of her latest photoshoot it is n't surprising . the 29-year-old has been announced as the face ( and body ) of ann summers ' swimwear and beachwear campaign , hotel summers . the towie star is the first ever celebrity to front an ann summers campaign and has been selected for not only her stunning figure but her ' fun , fearless attitude and fashion business credentials ' . towie 's jessica wright is the first celebrity to star in an ann summers campaign . the campaign sees jess showcase her incredible figure in the resort collection which includes 15 swimwear pieces , including plunge , bandeau and boost bikinis as well as curve-enhancing monokinis . as well as the swimwear the collection incorporates beachwear accessories , including an embroidered kaftan , a floral cover-up as well as plunging lace playsuits ideal for lounging . jess wright says it is a real thrill to have worked with the brand after having been a fan herself . she said : ' i 'm so excited and flattered to be working with ann summers and to be their first ever celebrity face of swimwear – what a compliment ! the campaign called hotel summers sees jess show off her incredible figure in the brand 's swimwear . jess says she is a huge fan of the brand and was thrilled to be on board . ' i 've always been a huge fan of the brand and the collection is the perfect mix of glamour , sexiness and playfulness . ' speaking about the collection , jess said that she thought the styles would suit most women . ' the swimwear pieces are flattering on all types of curves and i ca n't wait to hit the beach in my collection this summer . ' the different styles of bikini tops and bottoms mean there 's a style to suit everyone – my favourite is the balconette azelea bikini , as it suits my shape and style – i felt like a hollywood pin-up in it ! the collection lauches in store and online today . ' i 'm really looking forward to seeing the response to the campaign . ' jacqueline gold , ceo of ann summers says that jess is the perfect woman to represent the lingerie brand . ' i am delighted that jess has come on board to work with us – she is a great ambassador for the brand , and an excellent fit for the campaign . ' jess has a great following from towie , a demographic that we know to be switched on to our brand . ' with her gorgeous figure i think she is the perfect person to front this campaign for us – i know our customers are going to love the collection ' . the full collection will be available in-stores and annsummers.com on tuesday , 7 april .