fifteen years ago , jennifer lopez ' shimmering , navel-baring versace gown captivated the world . fifteen years ago , jennifer lopez ' shimmering , navel-baring versace gown captivated the world . so much so that , long before kim kardashian was breaking the internet , j lo 's 2000 red carpet appearance set the web ablaze . it even caught the attention of google executive , eric schmidt , who has revealed that the plunging dress was his inspiration for creating google images . ' when google was launched , people were amazed that they were able to find out about almost anything by typing just a few words into a computer , ' he told project-syndicate.com . google co-founders larry page and sergey brin – like all other successful inventors – kept iterating , said schmidt . they started with images , because people wanted more than just text . ' this first became apparent after the 2000 grammy awards , where jennifer lopez wore a green dress that , well , caught the world 's attention , ' added schmidt . ' at the time , it was the most popular search query we had ever seen . ' but we had no surefire way of getting users exactly what they wanted : j lo wearing that dress . google image search was born . ' before google image search , web surfers could only search through a page of text divided by 10 blue links . this meant they first had to click on these links before finding out if j lo 's dress was featured . when google images was launched in july 2001 , the site offered access to 250 million images . just ten year later , that figure reached more than 10 billion . the dress is one of the few articles of specific clothing to be honoured its own wikipedia page . after hearing the news , the 45-year-old singer shared an old picture of her in that dress on instagram . she added : ' who knew ! ! # onepersoncanchangetheworld # onedresscanchangetheworld # jlo+versace=history # positivechange # funfacts lol ' . the dress caught the attention of google executive , eric schmidt ( pictured ) , who recently revealed that it was his inspiration for creating google images . google has big plans for its image search . a team of google researchers recently developed an advanced image classification and detection algorithm called googlenet , which is twice as effective than previous programs . it is so accurate it can locate and distinguish between a range of object sizes within a single image , and it can also determine an object within , or on top of , an object , within the photo . the software recently placed first in the imagenet large-scale visual recognition challenge ( ilsvrc ) . google has made the software open to other developers , to help increase its accuracy , and in the future , the technology could be used to improve google image searches . it could also scour youtube videos for specific objects or shapes . he may have helped to build the internet , but dr vinton ‘vint’ cerf has urged computer users to print out their most treasured photographs , or risk losing them . the google vice president warned that as operating systems and software become more sophisticated , documents and images stored using older technology will become increasingly inaccessible . he went on to say that our dependence on technology could lead to the 21st century being a new dark age in history , with any evidence of our culture lost in a digital ' black hole ' . in centuries to come , future historians looking back on the current era could be confronted by a digital desert comparable with the dark ages - the post-roman period in western europe about which relatively little is known because of the scarcity of written records . dr cerf , who also has the title of chief internet evangelist at google , said : ‘ if we’re thinking 1,000 years , 3,000 years ahead in the future , we have to ask ourselves , how do we preserve all the bits that we need in order to correctly interpret the digital objects we create ? ‘ we are nonchalantly throwing all of our data into what could become an information black hole without realising it . '