foreign gps now account for 11 per cent of family doctors , new figure show . the number of gps from abroad is up by 11 per cent in a decade as the nhs tries to combat a shortage of staff . foreigners now account for almost one family doctor in five although in some areas the proportion is more than two-thirds . senior doctors say the number will rise further over the next few years because the nhs is so short of homegrown medics . figures from the health and social care information centre show that 22.0 per cent of current gps gained their qualifications overseas , up from 19.8 per cent in 2004 . but the figure is 71 per cent in barking and dagenham , east london , 63 per cent in medway , kent , and 58 per cent in north lincolnshire . the nhs is facing a shortage because many gps are retiring early . others are moving overseas in search of better conditions . the royal college of gps estimates that the nhs will need to hire at least 8,000 more doctors over the next five years to keep pace with a rising , and ageing , population . the nhs employs 40,584 gps , of whom 8,941 are from overseas . this is up from 6,921 in 2004 when there were 34,855 family doctors in total . dr richard vautrey , deputy chairman of the british medical association’s gp committee , said : ‘ we need gps from around the world to support the health service , and we simply don’t train enough . ‘ we need to encourage more students and junior doctors to choose general practice , and to expose them more to general practice , so they see it more as an attractive option for the future . ’ the figures do not state where the foreign gps trained but separate data from the general medical council shows many are from india , pakistan , south africa and nigeria . earlier this year ukip leader nigel farage sparked controversy by claiming that foreign gps should not be working on the nhs as they didn’t speak good enough english . earlier this year ukip leader nigel farage sparked controversy by claiming that foreign gps should not work for the nhs because they lack good english . he said : ‘don’t we want to live in a country where we speak the same language ? and isn’t it scandalous that we are not training enough nurses and doctors in our own country ? ’ dr maureen baker , chairman of the royal college of gps , said : ‘ the nhs – general practice included – is staffed by hardworking healthcare professionals from all over the world . ' we are very grateful for the work that doctors from overseas are doing . ’ the nhs should train more staff rather than spending £2.5 billion a year on locum doctors and agency nurses , a think-tank has suggested . a larger pool of dependable permanent staff would also enhance workforce stability and patient safety , the cross-party civitas said . the subsequent increase in competition for jobs would also help fill less desirable roles such as those in a & e departments and general practice . the think-tank said the typical charge for a consultant from an agency was £1,760 a day , equivalent to a salary of £459,000 . because the salary of an nhs consultant was between £75,249 and £101,451 , four consultants could be employed for the price of one agency staff member .