a full-scale terror alert was sparked this week after a dummy wearing a balaclava was spotted on a boat sailing down the thames with a fake missile launcher on its roof . thames valley police called an army bomb disposal team after a startled passer-by reported the 4ft long guided missile in a rocket launcher on top of the barge in reading . perched next to the fake warhead were the head and shoulders of a convincing-looking man , his eyes staring grimly from holes cut in a balaclava shrouding his face . panic : a terror alert was sparked on the thames this week after someone reported seeing a missile on top of a barge in reading . a spokesman said ' thames valley police received a report from a member of the public about a suspected weapon on a canal boat in caversham last night . ' officers attended and conducted a search of the area , and the boat was located . the reported weapon was found to be purely ornamental . ' explosive ordnance disposal ( eod ) were also informed and are satisfied it was not a live device . ' the canal boat was moored near a children 's play area in christchurch meadows , where the river thames flows through reading . after approaching the boat , police and the bomb disposal unit inspected the missile and confirmed the deadly-looking weapon was a dummy . menacing : alongside the 4ft missile were the head and shoulders of a dummy wearing a balaclava . bizarre sight : a local resident , who asked not to be named , condemned the prank , saying : ' what a stupid thing to put on top of a boat in a town centre ' . a local resident , who asked not to be named , said ' what a stupid thing to put on top of a boat in a town centre . ' goodness knows what possessed the boat owner - did n't they realise the panic it would spread ? ' we 're hoping the police take the time to have a word with them and ask them to remove it . ' it 's not funny at all in this day and age , with all the horrible things involving terrorists . ' reading is just a few miles from windsor where the queen was in residence in the castle this week - presenting the vc to afghan war hero joshua leakey . prank : police and an army bomb disposal team responded to the call and later said the missile ' was found to be purely ornamental ' . realistic fake : the 4ft-long model weapon was mounted on the roof on the barge as it sailed down the thames in berkshire . 