the conservatives have opened up a four-point lead over labour with millions of voters yet to make up their minds about how to vote in the tightest election race since 1992 . an exclusive poll by comres for the daily mail and itv news shows that david cameron’s party , on 36 per cent of the vote , has moved ahead in the last fortnight as labour , the liberal democrats and ukip have all slipped . the tory vote share equals their highest since march 2012 . labour is on 32 per cent , ukip on ten per cent and the liberal democrats on eight per cent , with the greens on five per cent . scroll down for video . david cameron 's ( left ) conservative party has opened up a four-point lead over ed miliband 's ( right ) labour with 36 per cent of the vote compared to 32 per cent , a new comres poll reveals with just two weeks to go . crucially , the poll suggests that with less than a fortnight to go , there is all to play for – with a startling one in five of those who say they are likely to vote still not sure which party they will back . the main parties are evenly split when voters are asked who they would consider backing on may 7 , with 48 per cent saying labour and 47 per cent conservative . some 66 per cent say they would never countenance voting ukip , with 29 per cent saying they would . the poll confirms catastrophic drop in support for the lib dems demonstrated in the attitudes of its former voters . two in five – 41 per cent -- of 2010 lib dem voters say that they would not consider voting for the party this year . however , 25 per cent of both conservative and labour voters say that they would consider voting lib dem , suggesting that the party still has some hope of winning over voters on either side of the political spectrum . men are slightly more inclined to consider voting for the conservatives than women – 50 per cent compared to 43 per cent . the reverse is true for the lib dems – 25 per cent of men compared to 31 per cent of women , while both genders are equally likely to consider voting labour , with 48 per cent each . voters appear relatively relaxed about the rise of smaller parties . some 75 per cent say it is good to have parties other than the big two in government . nick clegg 's ( left ) liberal democrats have an eight per cent share of the vote , will nigel farage 's ( right ) ukip has ten per cent . the poll suggests that the green party has five per cent of the vote ahead of the election . more than half of british adults – 57 per cent -- disagree that a hung parliament places too much power in the hands of smaller parties , and seven in ten – 70 per cent -- disagree that having smaller parties in government is undemocratic . however , the poll shows that conservative voters are significantly less positive about the increase in support for smaller parties . almost half of them – 46 per cent – believe that another hung parliament would give them too much sway . comres said the poll showed the tories had ‘ reinforced their lead’ , with labour yet to be ahead in any telephone survey by the pollster this year . despite this , the tories are still ‘ unsure of winning a majority of seats in the commons’ , it added . tom mludzinski , head of political polling at comres , said : ‘ our latest poll continues the trend we’ve seen all year , with the conservatives just , but consistently , ahead of labour . despite this lead , both parties have very similar proportions of the electorate willing to consider voting for them . ‘ with just two weeks left and the margin so fine , both labour and the conservatives will be exerting most of their efforts on moving people from these pools of potential support into polling booths across the country to make their votes count . ’ a more detailed comres analysis of undecided voters , involving 1,500 people , will lift tory spirits . it found that they trust that the conservatives will be better than labour at promoting economic growth by a wide margin of 42 per cent to 15 per cent . mr cameron is the leader most undecided voters want to see running the country , backed by 28 per cent , ahead of ed miliband , with 16 per cent . and 42 per cent say mr cameron is strong , compared to only 11 per cent who say the same of the labour leader . some 42 per cent of undecided voters regard him as a good leader , compared to only 14 per cent who say the same of mr miliband . to the alarm of labour strategists , another pollster also suggested the party’s support is slipping and the tories have taken a four-point lead . a survation poll for the mirror put the conservatives up two on last week , with 33 per cent , labour down six on 29 per cent , ukip on 18 per cent and the lib dems on ten per cent . 