' cool ' credentials : this week samantha cameron revealed her love of alternative group poliça . she rarely misses a chance to demonstrate her ‘cool’ credentials . and this week samantha cameron was at it again , revealing her love of alternative group poliça . but their brand of psychedelic rock conjures up a world a far cry from her life in downing street and the cotswolds . the american band – whose name roughly translates as ‘policy’ in polish – are inspired by a radical feminist who described pregnancy as ‘barbaric’ , and their songs feature violent imagery . the video for the first single on the group’s most recent album depicts androgynous-looking singer channy leaneagh subjecting her trussed-up alter ego to a violent assault . blood spurts in all directions as she smashes her hands with a hammer , punches her in the face and finally waterboards her . another unsettling song by the four-piece band from minnesota , entitled leading to death , includes the lyric ‘ i dream of you , oh my strangler’ . miss leaneagh , 33 , has described her music as ‘rhythm-driven sex noise’ and says the digital effects she uses to modify her broken-hearted vocals are ‘ like taking drugs for your voice’ . her marriage broke up several years ago after she had a child , and her lyrics have a tendency towards violent , sexual imagery that bemoans ‘boys’ and ‘ all the work they require’ . mrs cameron , 43 , pictured , comes from an aristocratic background and was educated at marlborough college , whose other alumni include the duchess of cambridge and princess eugenie . but she has a distinctly bohemian streak and was friends with bristol trip-hop artist tricky during her time at university . she recently name-checked us indie group the war on drugs , and claims to be a big fan of radio 6 music , the bbc’s ‘ cutting edge and ground-breaking’ station . ‘ i listen to radio 4 in the morning and the rest of the day i have 6 music on , ’ she said in a rare interview last weekend . inspiration : channy leaneagh of polica , a band which specialises in psychedelic rock . displaying her love of poliça , mrs cameron even joined the crowd at a recent gig in shoreditch , east london , at which the group played songs from their latest album , shulamith . the record’s cover is illustrated with a photograph of a naked young woman , her hair and neck caked in blood . the title is a tribute to canadian-born feminist shulamith firestone , whom miss leaneagh has described as a ‘ mentor and muse from the grave’ . miss firestone , who died in 2012 aged 67 , painted a radical vision of a ‘liberated’ world without families , childbirth or any real distinctions between men and women . she is best known for her 1970 manifesto the dialectic of sex : the case for feminist revolution , which drew inspiration from karl marx’s communist manifesto . miss firestone argued that pregnancy was ‘barbaric’ and childhood was a ‘ supervised nightmare’ . poliça 's record cover is illustrated with a photograph of a naked young woman , her hair and neck caked in blood . the title is a tribute to canadian-born feminist shulamith firestone ( above ) . she looked forward to a new world in which women were to be liberated from men thanks to the scientific breakthroughs which meant that sexual reproduction could happen outside the womb . the radical feminist was also responsible for stunts including unfurling a ‘women’s liberation’ banner at a beauty pageant . later in life she became a recluse and spent time in a mental health hospital . she was found dead in her studio flat , apparently after starving herself to death . 