a sure sign of middle age is when you start to get nostalgic about the mobile phones of your youth . ok , those early models couldn’t do much compared with today’s smartphones . they couldn’t surf the internet , take pictures , play music or make you a cup of tea . but what they did have was a battery that lasted more than a few hours before the phone went dead . scroll down for video . modern life : according to a recent poll , nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out . there’s even a word for it — ‘nomophobia’ , the fear of being without a working mobile . my favourite phone of all time was a sleek silver nokia 6310i from the early 2000s , which is still sitting in a drawer at home . it may be primitive by today’s standards , but it could run for 17 days on a single charge . compare that with the battery life of a modern iphone or samsung galaxy . make a few calls , send a few emails , listen to some music and you’ll be out of juice by teatime . this week it was revealed that sir james dyson , inventor of dyson hoovers , is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in u.s.-based battery experts sakti3 . the 67-year-old entrepreneur is supporting the company as it attempts to double the battery life of our phones , electric cars and vacuums . separately , scientists at stanford university are hoping that their newly invented aluminium battery will revolutionise the industry with its ability to fully charge in under a minute . the battery will keep going for seven times as long as its lithium-ion relative , and can apparently withstand 7,500 recharges , whereas a conventional battery can take only 1,000 . in the tech world , the battle for better battery life is never-ending . earlier this month , apple was left red-faced when it was revealed how quickly its new iwatch — which costs up to £12,000 — ran out of power . sir james dyson , pictured , inventor of dyson hoovers , is attempting to solve the problem by investing £10 million in battery experts sakti3 . at the launch , apple chief executive tim cook boasted that the device had a battery life of 18 hours . but it later emerged that using the smartwatch for phone calls or apps means it will die after three hours . according to a recent poll , nine out of ten people feel stressed if their phone battery run out . there’s even a word for it — ‘nomophobia’ , the fear of being without a working mobile . and increasingly , phones come with built-in batteries that are almost impossible to remove without a degree in electronics . apple started the ball rolling with the iphone , and this month samsung announced its latest model — the s6 — would have built-in batteries . so is there anything we can do to get more juice out of our phones ? nigel linge , professor of telecommunications at salford university , says the problem isn’t the batteries , which have improved immeasurably over the past couple of decades . ‘ the reason why batteries lasted seven days in the 1990s is that a phone back then didn’t do a great deal , ’ says professor linge . ‘ it had a monochrome screen , made phone calls and sent the occasional text . it didn’t have apps , gps , bluetooth or wi-fi and it wasn’t used for facebook . ‘ if you take a modern phone and turn off all those things and just use it for phone calls and text messages , it will last a lot longer . ’ the first mobile phone batteries were bulky , heavy and made with nickel cadium . they also lost battery life over time if they were not run down fully between charges , known as the ‘ memory effect’ . in the 1990s those early batteries were replaced by a superior version — nickel metal hydride . these didn’t suffer as badly from the memory effect , were thinner and quicker to charge . today’s phones use lithium-ion batteries , an even thinner , lighter and even longer-lasting variety . how long they last depends what you do with them . caught out : early mobile models could n't surf the internet , take pictures , play music or make you a cup of tea . but what they did have was a battery that lasted more than a few hours before the phone went dead . ‘ one of the big drains is the screen — if people have the brightness turned up , it will run down the battery , ’ says professor linge . ‘ the other drain is the phone signal . ’ if you are in a low signal area , your battery will drain more quickly because the phone has to work harder to stay in contact with the nearest phone mast . phones also use up more of the battery if they are indoors , where signals are weaker . but sunetra chakravarti , from mobile choice magazine , says there are simple things everyone can do to extend their phone’s life between charges . turning off bluetooth — the wireless system used by phones to connect to printers , laptops and other computers — will save your battery from running down . switching off location services which use the phone’s built-in gps tracker can also save power , as can turning down the volume of the ring tone and silencing any bleeps and clicks when you press buttons on the phone . ‘ and make sure you have turned off any apps that are running in the background , ’ she says . keeping phones cool is also crucial : they work best below 30c ( 86f ) . so leaving them in the sun , or sleeping with the phone so it gets warm , will run it down faster . however , unlike the older style batteries , you don’t need to discharge modern ones fully before you top them up . charging overnight shouldn’t cause problems , as modern phones and batteries have switches that stop the charging when they are full . another way to get more out of a battery is to download the latest version of the phone’s operating system . newer versions of the software used for apple iphones , for instance , let owners stop apps from constantly updating themselves with new information when they are not being used . even then , you’ll still find major variations between different phones . that’s because some models are more efficient at making calls , surfing the internet or playing videos than others . when technology consumer website expert reviews tested the battery life of different smartphones , it found that the best lasted an amazing 14 hours longer than the worst . the sony xperia z3 compact kept playing a movie on a loop for more than 20 hours on one charge before it went dead — while the nokia lumia 620 managed just six hours and the iphone 6 lasted just under 13 hours . apple was left red-faced when it was revealed how quickly its new iwatch ( pictured ) ran out of power . it emerged that using the smartwatch for phone calls or apps means it will die after three hours . other tests have found that the xperia z3 lasts on average 48 hours when used for five hours a day to stream music , make calls and watch videos . you may still need to replace a battery ; a typical one will start to lose its ability to recharge after three or four years . but replacing batteries is becoming more and more difficult . manufacturers are increasingly building batteries into phones so that owners can’t remove them . you can send your iphone off to apple to get the battery replaced , though it will take a week and cost £59 plus postage . and it is possible to do it yourself with a screwdriver and a replacement iphone battery — available for around £15 on ebay . but it’s fairly tricky to pull off and easy to damage the phone . some mobile repair shops will also replace batteries — and charge a lot less than apple . the bright spot on the horizon is that it will soon take less time to charge up a phone . ‘ almost every manufacturer is bringing in faster charging , so with 15 minutes of charging you get four hours of talk time , ’ says sunetra chakravarti . sales of portable chargers are also booming . these slim boxes have to be charged in advance but are small enough to fit in a pocket . if your phone is running low , the charger tops up the battery . but until battery life catches up with the demands of modern phones , millions of mobile users will spend their life plugging in their phone to charge .