manchester united defender marcos rojo appeared to be enjoying his vacation in portugal as he posed for a picture at the dinner table with family and friends just days after his affair with a fitness instructor was exposed . rojo went away during a week off for his club side , pictured with team-mate angel di maria on the plane , after united 's 3-1 victory over aston villa on saturday . the argentina international is impressing in defence under louis van gaal in his first season in the premier league , though it his time off the field in manchester that has recently come into question . marcos rojo ( third from left ) enjoys a meal out with friends and family in portugal during a week off . rojo ( back right ) poses while travelling to portugal along with his family and angel di maria ( left ) . fitness instructor sarah watson claims rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail . fitness instructor sarah watson , 34 , claims rojo and his advisors tried to frame her for blackmail after she enjoyed a brief liaison with the united star following a night out . rojo 's identity in the case was originally held back as a ' premier league footballer ' though the details have now been revealed . she said : ‘ he came over to me and sat down . his english was quite bad but he was chatty and said nice things to me about how i looked and how he liked my versace dress . ‘ he said “you’re gorgeous , you’re the best looking girl in here . ” it was all very cheesy , but he’s so good looking that i gave him my number . ’ rojo invited her to his friend’s flat for a more private party , but she declined and they parted . he then sent a text at 2am . “ my love , where are you ? ” he asked . ‘ it was a bit of an ego boost for me . there were a lot of young , pretty girls that night , but he wanted me . ’ so she and a girlfriend booked a taxi to the address he sent her . when they arrived at the flat in the centre of the city , a friend of rojo’s – known in court as mr x but who now can be named as kristian bereit – made a shocking proposition . ‘ he asked me how much it would cost for me to have sex with marcos . i told him that i was not a prostitute . ’ but she did find the argentine star’s dusky looks attractive and they ended up in a bedroom . ‘ i did it because i liked him , not for money or with any intention to sell the story on , ’ she said . the argentine defender was in action for manchester united against aston villa on saturday . rojo celebrates with team-mate di maria after the 3-1 victory at old trafford in the premier league . watson says that the 25-year-old offered her money to spend the night with him - which she declined - and then accepted a £30,000 offer from a newspaper to sell her story . she never received that money , and sarah then says rojo 's representatives tried to entrap her with promises of cash to spin the story . watson said : ‘ [ rojo ] and his people contrived to make me look like a greedy cow , when it was them who offered me £100,000 as hush money . ' last month mr justice warby made a ruling in the high court that overturned the gagging order and ordered rojo to pay sarah’s estimated £25,000 legal costs . the defender has not spoken about the incident publicly , while his friend bereit - who sarah claims offered her the money - declined to comment . watching from the stands as rojo impressed at old trafford against tim sherwood 's side at the weekend , was his wife eugenia lusardo , a lingerie model based in lisbon , and their young daughter , morena . both are pictured with rojo as he enjoyed a meal in lisbon , the city he used to ply his trade in with sporting before signing for united last summer . rojo 's wife , eugenia lusardo ( pictured with rojo last month ) is a lingerie model .      