jeremy clarkson , james may and richard hammond today held talks with top gear executive producer andy wilman - just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the bbc . the resignation marks another blow for the hugely-popular show , which has been marred by uncertainty since clarkson was axed last month following a ' fracas ' with a producer . it means mr wilman , a childhood friend of clarkson who helped revamp top gear into the corporation 's most successful programme , is now free to reunite with the team on a rival channel . there is widespread speculation that the men are working on a new motoring series to be aired by netflix , amazon or another british broadcaster - in what would be a nightmare scenario for the bbc . scroll down for video . back together : jeremy clarkson ( left ) is seen with his top gear colleagues james may ( centre ) and richard hammond ( right ) outside his west london flat , in their first public appearance since he was sacked . discussions : top gear executive producer andy wilman ( front centre ) was also present at the meeting today , just hours before it was sensationally announced he had quit the bbc , in what is another blow for the show . presenters : may had earlier said the bbc would be ' stupid ' to try a version of the hit motoring show with ' a surrogate jeremy ' , richard hammond and himself - adding that the idea was a ‘non-starter’ . something to smile about ? the presenter looked in high spirits as he left the property with mr wilman . a bbc spokesman would not comment on the producer 's resignation other than to confirm it . put it there : hammond and clarkson shake hands as they part ways on a west london street . the men were photographed today outside clarkson 's home in west london - their first public appearance together since the presenter was dropped from top gear - before moving on to a pub . earlier today , may ruled out returning to top gear without clarkson , insisting it would be ' lame ' with a new presenter in place of his sacked co-host . the 52-year-old said the bbc would be ‘stupid’ to try a version of the programme with ' a surrogate jeremy ' , hammond and himself - adding that the idea was a ‘non-starter’ . his comments mean that if the show does return next year , it will likely be with an entirely new presenting team . both may and hammond saw their contracts finish last month . casual : speaking today , may , pictured tonight , said he had just been ' having a pint ' with his co-stars . may told the guardian : ‘ me and hammond with a surrogate jeremy is a non-starter , it just wouldn’t work . that would be lame , or “awks” as young people say . ‘ it has to be the three of us . you can’t just put a surrogate jeremy in and expect it to carry on . it would be forced . i don’t believe they would be stupid enough to try that . ‘ it doesn’t mean i won’t go back - we may all go back in the future . it might just be we have a break from it . i don’t know . it would be a bloody tough call to do top gear without jeremy . ’ former x factor host dermot o'leary , model jodie kidd and great british bake off host sue perkins have all been named as possible replacements for clarkson . speaking after the meeting today , may said he had just been ' having a pint ' with his co-stars and mr wilman , adding that he still did n't know what he would do in the future . this evening , a bbc spokeswoman confirmed that mr wilman , top gear 's longstanding executive producer and clarkson 's right-hand man , had handed bosses his resignation . she would not say whether or not the decision was related to the outspoken presenter . it comes just weeks after an email from mr wilman to colleagues titled ' au revoir ' was leaked . in the email , the 52-year-old , who has made millions from the show , congratulated staff on making ' one of the most iconic programmes in tv history ' . ' at least we left 'em wanting more . and that alone , when you think about it , is quite an achievement for a show that started 13 years ago , ' he wrote . after the email was leaked , mr wilman announced publicly that it had not been a resignation . the revelations today come after bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw , who has been tasked with finding a replacement for clarkson on top gear , said the presenter ‘ will be back on the bbc’ at some point . leaving : hammond arrived at the flat first , before may came in a bmw car - followed by mr wilman 's arrival . waving : it comes a day after bbc2 boss kim shillinglaw , who has been tasked with finding a replacement for clarkson ( left ) on top gear , said the 55-year-old presenter ‘ will be back on the bbc’ at some point . keeping mum : the group has not yet revealed whether it will work together on another car programme . miss shillinglaw also confirmed clarkson 's final top gear scenes will be screened later this year and she was not thinking of his replacement ‘ in terms of gender’ . clarkson was sacked by the bbc after an ‘ unprovoked physical and verbal’ attack in north yorkshire that left his victim , top gear producer oisin tymon , in need of hospital treatment . the star was suspended last month when he became the subject of an internal bbc investigation after he attacked mr tymon , 36 , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him . clarkson 's contract was not renewed , with director-general tony hall saying at the time ' a line has been crossed ' and ' there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . hosts : clarkson ( centre - with fellow presenters richard hammond , left , and may , right ) was sacked by the bbc after an ‘ unprovoked physical and verbal’ attack that left his victim in need of hospital treatment . victim : clarkson was suspended last month when he became the subject of an internal bbc investigation after he attacked top gear producer oisin tymon ( pictured ) , 36 , splitting his lip and verbally abusing him . clarkson said he considered turning his back on presenting altogether in the immediate fall-out from the incident , but has since stated that he expects to present another tv show on cars in the future . earlier this month , north yorkshire police said that following an investigation clarkson would face no further police action over his attack on the producer at a hotel in hawes . meanwhile , clarkson revealed in a newspaper column earlier this month that he was told by a doctor that he might have cancer , two days before assaulting mr tymon . top gear - which is said to generate about £50million a year for bbc worldwide - is viewed by more than six million viewers on bbc2 and watched in more than 200 countries . dermot o'leary ( 6/4 ) bookmakers’ favourite o'leary , 41 , is currently being lined up to host a different prime-time bbc one motoring show - after ending his eight-year stint as host of itv 's the x factor last month . philip glenister ( 11/4 ) car enthusiast glenister , 52 , known for playing a politically-incorrect police detective in tv series life on mars , is presenting the second series of for the love of cars on channel 4 . jodie kidd ( 5/1 ) the 36-year-old model owns a number of cars , co-presents the classic car show on channel 5 and achieved one of the fastest lap times as a top gear ' star in a reasonably-priced car ' . guy martin ( 13/2 ) the 33-year-old motorcycle star made channel 4 programme speed , and said last month : ' i don’t want to try and be the man who replaced jeremy clarkson , but never say never . ' favourites : presenter dermot o'leary , actor philip glenister , model jodie kidd and motorcyclist guy martin . chris evans ( 8/1 ) bbc radio 2 host evans , 49 , another well-known car enthusiast , has been tipped as a favourite - but told listeners last month that claims he would replace clarkson were ' absolute nonsense ' . sue perkins ( 10/1 ) great british bake off host sue perkins , 45 , was named as the favourite a fortnight ago , but this prompted a barrage of abusive tweets from ‘ blokes wishing me dead’ , which saw her quit twitter . stephen fry ( 14/1 ) qi presenter stephen fry , 57 , has appeared on top gear twice - but has been repeatedly prosecuted for speeding and managed to crash and write off the reasonably-priced car . steve coogan ( 14/1 ) a tongue-in-cheek petition signed by more than 34,000 people is calling on the bbc to hire fictional broadcaster alan partridge - played by 49-year-old coogan - as the new presenter . fifth to eight : chris evans , sue perkins , stephen fry and steve coogan are also said to be in the running . odds supplied by bookmaker paddy power .