we all know the time-consuming hassle of having to hoover the house , so it is perhaps no surprise to find that sailors on board this russian aircraft carrier also got bored of sweeping the decks . what is perhaps more surprising is their solution to the problem , which involved strapping an old jet engine to the front of a tractor , and using the contraption as a huge leaf-blower . the crew of the admiral kuznetsov , russia 's largest warship , came up with the novel idea to help keep the deck clear of debris which poses a major risk to jet planes taking off and landing . russian sailors on board the admiral kuznetsov , the country 's largest aircraft carrier , have come up with an inegnious way of cleaning the decks , by strapping an old mig-15 engine to the front of a tractor . debris on carrier decks can potentially get sucked into jet engines , so crew are usually required to do manual sweeps of the deck , but the crew of the kuznetsov decided to do away with that bother . even a single stray nut or bolt , if sucked into one of the fighter plane 's engines , could spell disaster for the pilot , and cause millions of dollars worth of damage . usually crew members are forced to go around manually checking for stray objects , using sweeper vehicles to help tidy them up . but with 14,700sq ft of deck space to check and recheck every single day , the crew of the kuznetsov decided to do away with that bother , and took a more direct approach . according to blog foxtrot alpha , the sailors have attached an old mig-15 engine to the front of a tractor , before fitting the front end with a diffuser , spreading the air out over the ship 's deck . the vehicle is then driven up and down the 1,000ft-long deck , blowing all debris overboard . the massive kuznetsov is the jewel in president putin 's military fleet , carrying a total of 18 fighter jets and 17 anti-submarine helicopters . the ingenious crew members fitted the old mig engine with a diffuser , spreading the air out over the deck , and use the contraption like an enormous leaf blower , sending debris overboard . the kuznetsov has a deck spanning 14,700sqft , so rather than search the entire thing by hand , russian sailors built themselves a giant leaf-blowing machine instead . bristling with anti-aircraft cannons , rocket batteries , gatling guns and underwater missiles , it weighs in at 43,000 tons and carries 1,690 crew . however , that is nothing compared to the us nimitz class aircraft carriers , the tenth and last of which , the george hw bush , was commissioned in 2009 . the ship weighs 102,000 tons , is powered by two on board nuclear reactors and is capable of carrying almost 6,000 crew and air company who pilot its 90 aircraft and helicopters . the uk 's largest carrier in the hms queen elizabeth , weighing in at 65,00 tonnes , it carries 40 jets and helicopters , along with 1,600 crew . the kuznetsov is the largest carrier in the russian navy , built it 1985 it carries 18 fighter jets , 17 anti-submarine helicopters and 1,690 crew .