a married mormon elementary school teacher had a sexual relationship with one of his 12-year-old students - and was only stopped when her classmates told other teachers , police have revealed . kenne worthen , 27 , allegedly started flirting with the sixth grader at longview elementary school in phoenix last august and the relationship turned sexual in january , fox10 reported . the father-of-one allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside school by messaging her on an ipod app , google hangouts , where she labeled his profile with a fake name , ' jesse smith ' . some of the conversations were sexual in nature , according to police , while in another , the teacher told the student he was worried she would feel guilty and tell his wife or the police . scroll down for video . arrested : kenne worthen , pictured left in his mug shot and right in his teacher 's headshot , was arrested on friday after it emerged that he allegedly had a sexual relationship with one of his 12-year-old students . earlier this year , he allegedly asked her mother if the girl could stay behind after class . on april 10 , they had sexual contact at the school , the girl told police . ' he contacted my daughter 's mother and said , `` can she stay after school and help with something ? '' and mom said , `` of course , why not ? '' ' the girl 's enraged father told fox10 . ' there should 've been no reason why my child was in a classroom alone with a teacher . ' the father , who has not been identified , called the alleged relationship ' sickening ' but applauded his daughter 's fellow students , who told another staff member last friday that they thought worthen and the student were having inappropriate contact . ' i honestly could n't thank them enough for what they 've done for my daughter in this case , because who knows how much longer this would have gone on had they not said anything , ' he said . after the students told staff , they called the police , according to a statement from the school district . when asked about the relationship , the girl initially denied it but later admitted to it , according to kpho . family : 27-year-old worthen is pictured with his wife danielle and their two-year-old daughter . ' fears ' : in messages to the girl , he allegedly expressed fears she would tell his wife about the relationship . ' sick ' : he allegedly kept in contact with the girl outside of school by messaging her on an ipod app . worthen , who has no criminal record , also allegedly admitted to having sexual contact with the girl after contacting her over the internet . he was arrested at the school on friday afternoon and is facing charges of luring a minor for sexual exploitation , child molestation and sexual conduct with a minor . he has been denied bond . on monday , osborn school district superintendent patricia tate sent a letter to parents about the incident . ' he has been put on administrative leave and will not be returning to longview , ' the letter read . ' if anyone has information or questions specific to this case , please contact the phoenix police department at 602-262-6151 . the safety of your children is and always will be our first priority . ' police said they do not believe there are other victims . speaking to fox10 , the girl 's father said he was overwhelmed with anger towards worthen . ' you have this anger , the anger towards the perpetrator , and a feeling that you physically want to harm that person , ' he said . ' then there 's an anger at least for me towards the school , because you send your child there thinking they 're going to be safe . ' in court : following his arrest on friday , the teacher appeared in court ( pictured ) but was denied bond . scene : worthen , who has worked at the school ( pictured ) for two years , allegedly had sexual contact with her there on april 10 after getting her mother 's permission to let the girl stay late after school . worthen has taught sixth grade at the school for nearly two years . he is also an international pathway adjunct professor at brigham young university-idaho , where he teaches life skills and english to international students , according to his linkedin page . ' mr . worthen was employed by the university as an online adjunct instructor , ' a university spokesperson told dailymail.com . ' however , his employment was terminated as soon as the university was made aware of his arrest . ' he has also previously held after-school teacher roles in idaho and volunteered as a boy scuots supervisor , according to his linkedin page . the profile also suggests he is a follower of the church of latter-day saints . his wife , danielle , also lists herself as a mormon online . they have a two-year-old daughter together . hangouts is a google app that allows users to share conversations , photos and video chats . see below for video .