a rapist who left a teenager for dead after a savage attack at a bus stop had already stalked three other women that night before choosing his victim . the 18-year-old was hit over the head 20 times with a rock and dragged into a garden to be brutally raped by the man and left for dead in the beeston area of leeds last month . now police investigating the case have come across cctv that shows the man following three other potential victims earlier on the same night . cctv footage of a man police believer to be the attacker of a woman who was brutally raped at a bus stop in leeds . he was shown wearing a green puma sweatshirt , dark jacket and jeans in the hours before the incident when he also stalked three other women . west yorkshire police produced this computer generated image after taking a description of the suspect from his victim . he is described as of pakistani or middle eastern background and in his early twenties . it includes one woman who was forced to flee from the man by bus after walking to her car in leeds city centre , ending up miles away from where she was going , just to get to safety . another potential victim followed may have been aware she was being stalked as he also walked up behind her in the city centre as she walked past a row of bars . while a third woman can be seen on the footage seen by police turning around to find herself just an inch away from the rapist , before darting into a shop and staying in there until he left on the city 's burley road . detective superintendent nick wallen from west yorkshire police said the man had been looking for women in leeds city centre before moving on to the outskirts of the city . a map showing the areas of leeds , where the rapist had been stalking women on the night of the attack . he told the daily mirror : ' his first target was a woman in her 20s who had parked her car . he is seen walking behind her , six inches from her back pocket . ' she was so concerned she got a bus that took her miles from where she was going . ' another woman was also so concerned , she headed for a shop . on reaching it she is seen on film stopping and turning to see where he is . ' as she does , she is face-to-face with him . he is only about an inch away . ' in a graphic cctv sequence the man is seen dragging the woman from the bus stop and into a garden to rape her . the chilling footage was released by west yorkshire police in a bid to trace the man who is wanted for rape and attempted murder . both women came forward following an appeal after the attack on march 6 , and the man is wanted for attempted murder and rape having left the woman for dead after the ' appalling ' assault . police have also revealed they have the attacker 's dna but so far have found no match and are waiting to hear back from forces abroad . cctv has already showed him wearing a distinctive green puma hooded jumper and jeannear a tesco express three miles from where the beeston bus stop where he attacked his victim between 9 and 10pm . he is described as being of pakistani or middle eastern origin , in his early twenties and slim with a receding hairline . his 18-year-old victim was left with serious head injuries and a broken hip after the attack . this is the blood-stained rock used by a rapist to hit his 18-year-old victim over the head 20 times before sexually assaulting her in a harrowing attack . the bus stop in the beeston area of leeds , where the 18-year-old victim was waiting when she was attacked . he had already stalked three other women in other parts of the city that evening . police also released a video of the ' harrowing ' moment she was dragged from the street into a garden to be raped . alongside cctv footage of the man , police have released photographs of the blood-stained rock he used to beat her over the head . investigators believe he may have brought the weapon with him in a premeditated assault . 