a woman suffers from a rare medical condition that leaves her unable to recognise her own face in the mirror . natalie whitear , 35 , struggles to pick her husband and children out of a crowd - and walks past lifelong friends in the street . the mother-of-two suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness , which means she is able to recognise objects , but not faces . the condition is so severe that mrs whitear ca n't spot her own reflection or her children when picking them up from school . natalie whitear , 35 , can not recognise herself in the mirror as she suffers from prosopagnosia , also known as face blindness . the condition is so severe that mrs whitear ca n't recognise her husband garrick , 39 , or children mia , eight ( left ) and eva , three ( right ) . although she was born with the condition , she was only formally diagnosed around three years ago . mrs whitear , from fareham , hampshire , said : ' if you asked me to explain what someone looked like i would n't be able to do it . ' i tend to smile at everyone just in case i bump into someone i should recognise . ' i can describe the weight , height , and hair colour of my husband and children , but not their facial features in detail - i remember when my daughter was born i 'd try to memorise her features but it was impossible . ' i love to paint but i 've never been able to draw my husband 's face , i always leave it blank . she continued : ' i was once in a restaurant and for the entire meal i thought the place was twice the size - it was only when i stood up that i realised i 'd been sitting in front of a mirror - i had no idea because i did n't realise that all the faces were the same . ' i recognise people by the way that they walk , what they 're wearing , or their voices . ' prosopagnosia is a neurological disorder characterised by the inability to recognise people 's faces . also known as 'face-blindness ' , the severity of the condition depends on the degree of impairment a person suffers . some people with prosopagnosia may only struggle to recognise a familiar face , while others will be unable to discriminate between unknown faces , and in more severe cases sufferers can not distinguish a face as being different from an object . some sufferers are unable to recognise their own faces . the condition is not related to memory loss , impaired vision or learning disabilities . it is thought to be the result of abnormalities , damage , or impairment in the right fusiform gyrus - a fold in the brain that appears to coordinate facial perception and memory . prosopagnosia can result from stroke , traumatic brain injury , or some neurodegenerative diseases . in some cases the condition is congenital , and present at birth . it appears to run in families , which makes it likely to be the result of a genetic mutation or deletion . some degree of prosopagnosia is often found in children with autism and asperger 's syndrome . treatment of the condition focuses on helping sufferers develop compensatory strategies , including relying on voice recognition , clothing , or unique physical attributes . source : national institute of neurological disorders and stroke . mrs whitear , mother to daughters mia , eight , and eva , three , first became aware of her condition when her boss noticed she was unable to remember people she 'd met before . she said : ' about two or three years ago my boss took me to one side and told me i needed to be more careful with remembering people 's names . ' he said that he 'd seen me introduce myself to people i 'd known for years , and asking who they were . ' i explained to him that i could remember their names , but not their faces - it was only because of his shocked reaction that i suddenly realised that this was not normal . ' i found a test on the internet that asked you to recognise celebrities ' faces and i failed . ' i was then contacted by a psychologist at bournemouth university who diagnosed me with prosopagnosia , and suddenly everything made sense . ' looking back , mrs whitear realises that the condition has affected her throughout her life . she said : ' when i look back , there have always been signs of the condition but i never even realised . ' i never had posters of famous people on my bedroom wall because i did n't know what they looked like . ' people would say that they 'd stood next to me at a queue in the supermarket but i 'd ignored them , or i 'd walked past friends in the street . ' i 've also always been a nightmare when it comes to watching tv - we watch a lot of box sets but i will get continuously lost and ask over and over who each of the characters is . ' it 's even worse on a period drama where they are all wearing similar clothes . ' mrs whitear uses various coping mechanisms to ensure that her face blindness does not affect her daily life . she said : ' i recognise people by what they 're wearing , how they style their hair , or the way they walk . ' the people close to me all look very distinctive - it must have been a subconscious choice . ' my husband is 6ft 4in tall , one of my best friends is chinese and the other has very long hair , so they 're easy to pick out in a crowd . mrs whitear can describe the weight , height , and hair colour of her husband and children , but not their facial features . once mrs whitear 's eldest daughter mia ( left ) wore her hair pigtails so she did n't recognise her . another time she did not recognise her daughters when picking them up from school . ' but if someone is wearing something different , or out of context , i wo n't be able to spot them . ' my eldest daughter almost always wears her hair in one long plait , but one morning my mother had dropped her off to school and put her in pigtails - when i came to collect her in the afternoon i did n't know which child she was . ' when mia was younger she had a full head of brown curly hair , as did one of her friends , so when they were toddlers it was very easy to get them mixed up . ' while i ca n't describe what my family look like , i know the way that they make me feel . ' when i met my husband , i was n't attracted to the way he looks , because i did n't know , but i was attracted to the way i felt when i was with him . mrs whitear said : ' while i ca n't describe what my family look like , i know the way that they make me feel ' . ' if we go to the cinema together and i go off to the toilet or to get a drink halfway through the film , when i come back into the screening , i 'll always count the seats back to him , rather than look for his face . ' in an attempt to remember faces , mrs whitear uses facebook , and takes lots of pictures of family and friends . she said : ' i use my friends list as a personal database of all of the people i know , in the hope that i can recognise them when i see them in person . ' i take as many pictures as possible to try and remember my children 's expressions . ' i know that the condition is unusual , but i use these various coping mechanisms and i never let it bother me - i 've never known any different . ' dr sarah bate , from the centre for face processing disorders at bournemouth university , has carried out research into prosopagnosia . she said : ' it is a cognitive condition characterised by an impairment in face recognition . ' very rarely some people acquire the condition following neurological trauma , but we 've recently become aware that many more people have a developmental form of prosopagnosia . ' these people have never suffered any neurological damage , and appear to have simply failed to develop the visual mechanisms that are required for face processing . ' sometimes the condition appears to run in families , and often people report other first-degree relatives who also appear to be poor with faces . ' recent estimates suggest as many as two per cent of the population ( that 's one in 50 people ) have a degree of face blindness , yet public awareness of the condition remains low . '