nicolas sarkozy was being grilled by judges in a criminal court today two days after being heralded as the politician to save france from socialism . the 60-year-old is facing charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country . images of sarkozy arriving at a specialist financial court in paris today are a huge embarrassment for a politician who still thinks he can return to power . slinking back into public view : nicolas sarkozy is driven to court where he faces charges over the funding of his failed 2012 bid to retain the presidency of the country - two days after being heralded as france 's saviour . thierry herzog , the lawyer of the former french president and current head of the right-wing ump opposition party , arrives at the pole financier headquarters ( the fraud section of the courthouse ) in paris . not only was he roundly beaten by francois hollande , his detested socialist rival , but he is alleged to have got the ump party to pay off his personal fine approaching £500,000 for over-spending . under french electoral law , sarkozy should have paid the fine himself from his own funds . on sunday , his party made massive electoral gains against the socialists in regional elections , and sarkozy is convinced he can become president again in 2017 . after the ump won 66 out of 101 departments - the french equivalent of counties - sarkozy announced : ' the french have massively rejected the policies of francois hollande and his government . ' hope has been reborn in france . ' happier outing : on sunday , sarkozy 's party made massive electoral gains against the socialists in regional elections and he is convinced he can become president again in 2017 . under pressure : france 's ruling socialists under francois hollande ( pictured ) suffered a crushing defeat in regional elections at the weekend - as three years of left-wing rule was branded a ' massive failure ' . but his former lieutenant jean-françois cope has already been charged in the funding case and sarkozy could suffer the same fate today . it will add to a long list of corruption scandals , which started for sarkozy as soon as he lost his presidential immunity from prosecution . within days of leaving the elysee palace in 2012 , the paris home he shares with his third wife , former supermodel carla bruni , was raided by police . he is facing criminal charges in numerous cases , including an investigation into more than £15million of false billing by bygmalion , an events-organising company , during the 2012 campaign . it has also been alleged that sarkozy 's successful 2007 presidential campaign was funded by millions of pounds worth of illegal cash from colonel muammar gaddafi , the late libyan dictator . sarkozy denies any wrongdoing in any of the cases against him . he refused to speak to reporters before arriving in court at 8am today and is expected to spend most of the day in a closed sitting with judges .