tiger woods was genial . tiger woods was charm personified . tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world . you can grin your way through life as the 111th best golfer in the world . no pressure . no big whoop . judging by some of the stuff said and written about woods in the build-up to his 20th masters , it will be an achievement if he makes the cut . very respected names have close to begged him not to compete . woods doesn’t see it like that at all . he’s in it to win it . and it’s in those little moments that the old tiger — some would argue the real tiger — breaks cover again . tiger woods was all smiles as he played a practice around ahead of his 20th appearance at the masters . the former best player in the world arrives at augusta ranked a lowly 111th in the game . woods name appears on the masters ' tournament winner 's board four times ; 1997 , 2001 , 2002 and 2005 . it was all smiles and wise-cracks as woods sat before the assembled press on tuesday . questions that would once have been greeted with terse disregard were warmly expanded upon . memory lane was tripped down , the elder statesman played . he even referred to some of the correspondents in the room as his friends . and then he was asked where a win this week , from one ranking place lower than tomohiro kondo of japan , at a point in his career when it was wondered whether he would be seen on the golf course as a competing professional again , would rank in his career achievements . and up leapt old tiger . he didn’t answer this one with a short , evocative speech or a ready quip . he shut it down , old school . one sentence , no messing , no prospect of elaboration . woods has insisted that he would not enter a tournament unless he thought he had a chance of winning it . the 39-year-old looks towards the ground after hitting a shot during practice on monday . woods smiles as he talks with his traditional practice partner mark o'meara ( left ) at augusta . ‘ it would be my 15th major , ’ said woods . the temperature in the room dropped by several degrees . brevity replaced levity . the questioner , gamely , tried again with a slight rephrase . ‘ long way to go before that , ’ woods replied . ‘ lot of work to do . ’ he smiled . the chill passed . and , of course , that is exactly what it would be . just his 15th major , if it signalled a true return to form . and on to the next one . world no 4 jordan spieth was in ninth grade — 14 years old — when woods won his last major in 2008 . but if he could win a fifth masters he would be back in the game . and no more mr nice guy , one feels . from 111th in the world , woods has time to take the scenic route in conversation . back to where he was , back to contending , he would be all business again . not entirely like before , of course , because he could never go back to before — but not many of the guys who are genuinely fancied to be wearing the green jacket on sunday night practised as woods did , with partner and kids in tow . woods gets a hug from his children , charlie and sam , who will carry his bag for the par three tournament . woods ' girlfriend lindsey vonn leads the pair around the course to watch their father practice . ski champion vonn has a chat with tournament favourite rory mcilroy during practice . as woods putted , lindsey vonn , a world champion skier , clutched charlie and sam and chatted to a passing rory mcilroy . the contrast was clear . mcilroy , whose easy manner and charisma require no effort , is not here to smell the azaleas . he is the world’s best golfer , on the brink of a third consecutive major in what would be a personal grand slam — only the sixth in the world to do it . he has a lot at stake . woods is on bonus time . in january , he shot an 82 , 11-over-par , at the waste management phoenix open , his worst round in close to 13 years . a week later , he walked off at torrey pines after 11 holes citing back problems . his partner that day , chris dimarco , thought it was more out of embarrassment . ‘ he wasn’t doing anything good , ’ he said . woods then took an indefinite break from golf , with claims he had the chipping yips . on monday he admitted being stuck between two release patterns , which amounts to the same thing . when he spoke of his journey to this point of return , it was clear he regards it as the second — maybe third , considering the events of 2009 — phase of his career . woods shot the worst round of his professional career , an 82 at the waste management phoenix open . woods speaks to the world 's media after withdrawing from the first round of the farmers insurance open . the 14 major winner stands at the tee as the augusta course is mowed ahead of this year 's tournament . ‘ people would never understand how much work i put in to come back and do this again , ’ he said . ‘ i worked my ass off , that’s the easiest way to describe it . i worked hard . sun up to sun down . when the kids were in school , i’d be doing it . when they went to sleep , still doing it . ‘ the way i saw it , if i started when the sun came up i’d be a better player when it set . getting better incrementally . it would come in flashes . it would come for 10 minutes and then i’d lose it for an hour . then i’d get it back . gradually , it flipped . i’d have it for an hour , lose it for 10 minutes . and then it was just there . there were some frustrating moments , but i had to stick with it . there were times when clubs flew , when a few suddenly slipped out of my hand — and travelled some good distances . ‘ but we kept working , shot by shot , hour by hour . it was slow and steady , just taking little bits of progression . i had to hammer it out , make sure it was engrained . i just had to get through it . ’ woods smiles after winning his last major in a play-off with rocco mediate at the 2008 us open . the all conquering american celebrates winning the masters after sinking a play-off putt in 2005 . nick faldo slips the green jacket on woods after he won his first major at the 1997 masters . and now he’s through it . and america waits . for while nobody expects the player one better than hennie otto of south africa to beat among the most competitive masters fields in the modern era , that doesn’t mean there is not a desperate yearning for the impossible to happen . it doesn’t help that the man in woods’s place is not bubba watson , or rickie fowler , or any of the other star spangled pretenders , but a 25-year-old from belfast who plays for the wrong team when the ryder cup is on . america likes rory , but it loves tiger . his victories once caused a spike in wall street’s monday morning figures , and golf’s television numbers have not recovered from his spell in recovery . so the positive lines in woods’s masters preparation are lapped up and thrown out as a potential feelgood hit of the summer . that’s why woods is still , against all logic , asked about winning here . why he plays the game , and talks about winning right back at them . ‘ i prepare to win and expect to go and do that , ’ he said . ‘i’ve come close in the last 10 years . half of the tournaments since 2005 i had a chance on the back nine . i just didn’t get it done . for whatever reason , i didn’t seize the opportunity . ’ the former champion has spoken of practicing his game from dawn until dusk to hone his swing . woods latest comeback has sparked a tidal wave of interest from american supporters and beyond . the room seemed pleased with the answer . woods was asked what , at 39 , remained his greatest motivation . ‘ winning , ’ deadpanned old tiger , suddenly solemn . and then he smiled . ‘ i like it , ’ he said , before disappearing through a side door . tiger woods is the 111th best golfer in the world and entirely at ease with that . for now . 