leeds striker steve morison admits he has never experienced anything like the current circus surrounding the skybet championship side . six players - mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro , marco silvestri , souleymane doukara and edgar cani - withdrew from the squad on the eve of saturday 's trip to charlton citing injuries , and this is just the latest incident in another turbulent period at elland road . a ' freakish set of events ' was how beleaguered boss neil redfearn described the sextet 's absence after the game but morison , who scored leeds ' goal in the 2-1 defeat at the valley , told bbc west yorkshire sport : ' we 're around it every day . leeds united striker steve morison ( centre ) admits he is surprised by the chaos at elland road at the moment . giuseppe bellusci and three other italians were among those who withdrew form the leeds squad . souleymane doukara was another player that withdrew as part of the latest drama at elland road . ' people draw their own conclusions over what happened ( with the withdrawals ) . it 's a tough situation and you have to take everything at face value , but it 's been like it all season in one way or another . ' when asked if there was a split in the camp , the 31-year-old added : ' it 's just been one of those seasons where every day something different has happened . ' i 've never known anything like it in football and i 've played for teams scrapping for their lives - millwall last year - and teams that have been promoted . i 've played in the premier league with a bunch of championship players that should never have stayed up and the one thing we had ultimately was a team and team spirit . ' sometimes you can get away with being very , very average - i would class myself as an average footballer - but i 've had a team around me and it works . ' former leeds captain trevor cherry , meanwhile , branded the players who withdrew at short notice from saturday 's match a ' disgrace ' and called for them to be sacked by the club . italian quartet antenucci , bellusci , del fabro and silvestri , frenchman doukara and albanian cani all told redfearn they were injured and could not travel to london . according to the manager , silvestri had been rested since sustaining a knock but had been expected to recover , while antenucci and cani declared themselves unfit after training on thursday with the rest pulling out following a ' light ' session on friday . but cherry was unimpressed and wants the players out of elland road . ' i would sack them and take the pfa ( professional footballers ' association ) on , ' he said on bbc radio five live 's sportsweek . ' i do n't think players can do that , it 's scandalous and it 's just another story for leeds united that is disgraceful . ' striker antenucci used twitter to defend himself , as did goalkeeper silvestri who posted a picture of a cut on his back suffered against norwich on tuesday night . however , cherry questioned if they were legitimate reasons to withdraw . ' in the old days you used to play with anything , cuts or one thing or another , ' he said . ' the managers had a big say in whether you were fit or not . you did n't just come in and say ' i 've got a headache , i 'm going home ' . i 'm sure with george graham or don revie , i ca n't imagine what would have happened if you 'd have done that . ' the withdrawals continued the chaos that has plagued leeds . mirco antenucci was also among the six players to withdraw from the squad ahead of the defeat by charlton . neil redfearn had a depleted squad to pick from when six players withdrew ahead of the charlton game . redfearn 's position has become increasingly threatened over recent weeks , despite leading the club to championship safety after taking over from ill-fated predecessors david hockaday and darko milanic . he saw assistant steve thompson lose his job without warning on april 2 and his own deal , which expires at the end of the season , looks increasingly unlikely to be renewed under the club 's current regime . club president massimo cellino has been banned since january after being found guilty of not paying tax on a yacht in italy , but is due to return in a fortnight 's time . cherry , who played for leeds between 1972 and 1982 , was left to lament the situation at his old club . ' it 's a club that 's a shambles and has been a shambles for 10 years , ' the ex-england defender said . ' we just stutter from disaster to disaster , joke to joke . if it was n't sickening it would be funny . you could n't write a book about leeds united and what 's happened . ' personally , i do n't know the italian guy but i do n't think he realises the size of the club , it 's just a little play thing and he 's making a mess of it in my opinion . ' 