the married at first sight star who tried to leave her groom at the altar after deciding he was too ‘unattractive’ for her has finally admitted to having romantic feelings towards him . while the honeymoon period comes to an end for the couples on tonight 's episode of the hit fyi reality series , as they all return home to celebrate the holidays with their spouses , whom they 've known for a total of seven days , it seems that , for jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone , the romance has only just begun . ' day one , i was freaking out . day seven , oh man , i have a crush on my husband , ' 30-year-old jaclyn says in a preview for the latest episode . scroll down for video . falling in love : jaclyn methuen caresses her new husband ryan ranellone 's chin while lying in bed together on tonight 's episode of married at first sight . euphoric feeling : the 30-year-old is all smiles as she admits that she is developing a crush on her new husband . meanwhile , ryan tells the cameras that he remains dedicated to cultivating a real relationship with his new wife , whom he has been attracted to from day one . ' i am committed to making our marriage work , ' the 29-year-old says . and , thankfully , after a week of awkward encounters and terse conversations , it looks like things are starting to take a turn for the better for the newlyweds . after being single for seven years , jaclyn started their union by keeping ryan at arm’s length and subconsciously putting him in the ' friend zone ' throughout their honeymoon in puerto rico , with ryan admitting in last week’s episode that that he was growing increasingly irritated with her insistence on calling him ' dude ' and ' bro ' when they were supposed to be acting like a married couple . making it work : the couple share a laugh after they return home from their honeymoon in puerto rico . but it looks like the sales rep from union , new jersey , is finally seeing her spouse in a new light . as well as jaclyn’s long-awaited confession about her romantic feelings for her husband , the preview clip also shows the couple laughing in bed together as she gently caresses his chin . interestingly enough , while jaclyn and ryan initially appeared to be the couple with the most problems , but they are growing ever closer to one another – while the other newlyweds seem to be growing apart . jessica castro , 30 , and ryan deniro , 29 , who were comfortable with each other from the start , spent the end of their honeymoon arguing over his choice of words during what should have been a romantic dinner date in key largo . during last week 's episode , jessica showed her new husband a photo of herself with her ' monroe ' lip piercing and was furious with his reaction , accusing him of calling it trashy . growing together : davina kullar and sean varricchio hold hands as they return home from their romantic honeymoon in colorado . marriage woes : ryan deniro and jessica castro are still going through a rough patch after he allegedly called her ' monroe ' lip-piercing ' trashy ' last week . ' you just do n't say that to a person , ' she told him over dinner , and ryan soon stormed out of the restaurant . and it looks like the two are still struggling to reconnect . while jessica tells the cameras that things are ' really weird ' between them , ryan admits that he has a side of himself that ' sometimes is n't too pleasant ' . ' i feel like i have to walk on egg shells around him , ' jessica adds . meanwhile , davina kullar , 34 , and sean varricchio , 35 , appear to be moving forward with their marriage as they continue to build an emotional bond . ' we just got back from the honeymoon and the real life part of [ marriage ] really does begin , ' she says of their whirlwind union .