a german former police officer who dismembered a willing victim he met on a website for cannibal fetishists was today sentenced to eight years and six months in prison . detlef guenzel chopped polish-born wojciech stempniewicz into small pieces while listening to pop music before burying them in the garden of his home in hartmannsdorf-reichenau in 2013 . ' he was found guilty of murder and disturbing the peace of the dead , ' said presiding judge birgit wiegand at the regional court in the eastern city of dresden . state attorneys had sought 10 and a half years in prison for the defendant , a trim , soft-spoken father of three whom neighbours described as friendly , generous and unfailingly polite . lawyers representing the family of stempniewicz , 59 , had requested a 15-year sentence , usually the maximum in a murder case . but prosecutors said they stopped short of this demand because stempniewicz said he wanted to die . macabre : former german police officer detlev guenzel smirks in court before being sentenced to eight years and six months in jail for killing a willing victim he met on a website for cannibalism fetishists . deranged : guenzel , 57 , went on trial in august over the killing of polish-born business consultant wojciech stempniewicz whose body he had cut into small pieces and buried them in his garden . the defendant sat impassively with arms folded as the verdict was read out . the men came across each other in october 2013 on a website for slaughter and cannibalism fantasies billed as the ' # 1 site for exotic meat ' and boasting more than 3,000 registered members . the two kept in contact via email , text message and telephone before finally arranging the fatal date for november 4 that year . gunezel picked stempniewicz up at dresden 's main railway station and drove him back to his house in hartmannsdorf-reichenau which he ran as a bed and breakfast with his male partner . prosecutors said gunezel then took his victim to the basement where he strangled him using a rope tied to a pulley before chopping the corpse up into small pieces . a video reportedly shows guenzel in his underwear slicing the naked body of his victim into pieces while it hangs from a hook . the back garden of guenzel 's home in hartmannsdorf-reichenau where the body parts were buried in 2013 . described as ' absolutely horrific ' and ' beyond belief ' by lawyers , the 50-minute tape features guenzel dismembering the corpse while pop music plays . at one point he stops to listen for a heartbeat before continuing . however the defence team argue that the video shows stempniewicz had his feet in constant contact with the ground , meaning he could have stopped the strangulation if he had wanted to . they claimed the video , which was shown to judges behind closed doors , proves the victim hanged himself . gunezel then spent a total of four hours cutting the body up with a knife and saw , before burying it in shallow holes the garden . policemen search for evidences in the area where body parts were found in reichenau near dresden in 2013 . officers traced him via computer messages and telephone calls and he was arrested at the police hq where he worked as a handwriting specialist . when police arrived at the property he showed them where the pieces were buried , but officers say the victim 's penis has never been found . the case mirrors that of armin meiwes , a man found guilty of killing , dismembering and eating computer technician bernd brandes at his remote farmhouse home near kassel . meiwes , now serving life imprisonment , packaged the flesh of his 16-stone victim into neat parcels which he froze and ate portions of over a ten month period . when police finally arrived to arrest him there was less than 40lbs of brandes remaining .