the south korean government paid an eye-watering £2.4million to the makers of the new avengers movie to ensure the country is shown in a positive light , it has emerged . much of the comic book film , avengers : age of ultron , was shot in seoul and the country 's culture ministry agreed to cover a third of filming costs in the city on the agreement the republic of korea is shown as ' high tech ' and ' modern ' . the use of public funds in what appears to be an extreme case of product placement has been criticised by south koreans - as officials are having to wait with the rest of the world to see if the film , released on thursday , will lift the country 's reputation out of the shadow of it 's headline-grabbing northern neighbour . scroll down for video . on set : chris evans suited up as captain america as shooting on avengers : age of ultron got underway in the sangam-dong district of seoul , south korea last year . the production crew in the sangam-dong district of seoul , south korea last year during filming for avengers : age of ultron . the move echoes that of sony pictures entertainment and mgm , who recently made headlines after leaked emails revealed the mexican government had offered the studios $ 20m to ensure a positive portrayal of the country in spectre . kim young-gun , who overseas the korean film council 's ( kofic ) incentive program for foreign films , said the film could transform the status of seoul , which has been largely overlooked by hollywood compared to its regional peers . he told mailonline : ' if we have that kind of huge film , which shows korea in a more positive way , then we think the image of korea will be changed in a positive way . ' the locations featured in the film include gangnam boulevard , immortalised in the pop song gangnam style , and cheongdam and mapo bridges which span the city 's han river . before shooting began last year , local government and film industry officials signed an agreement with the filmmakers to ensure the country would be shown in a positive light . in an memorandum of understanding , marvel studios agreed it would ' portray korea as a high-tech , modern country and shall avoid portraying the republic of korea in any negative manner . ' filming : black widow pictured on her motorbike ( right ) in avengers : age of ultron , filmed in the sangam-dong district of seoul , south korea ( left and right ) . capital city : much of the comic book film , avengers : age of ultron - released tomorrow - was shot in seoul in south korea . scarlett johansson plays black widow in the new marvel movie avengers : age of ultron , out on thursday . the sequel sees the marvel comics superheroes forced into action when a high-tech peacekeeping programme - ultron - goes badly wrong . in return , the country 's culture ministry agreed to pay 30 percent of the cost of production in seoul , about £2.4m . only on thursday will they know if it will boost the international image of the capital and make it as iconic abroad as asian metropolises like tokyo . kim said : ' kofic and the ministry of culture and tourism , also , are concerned about how they will portray korea in the film , but we are looking forward to seeing the film on thursday . ' kofic has estimated the sequel to the 2012 hit the avengers , which features an all-star cast including scarlett johansson and robert downey jnr , could attract some 620,000 extra tourists to the country . the film has already sold 94 percent of its presale tickets . scarlett johansson stuns at the european premier of avengers : age of ultron at westfield shopping centre in west london last night . stars : the cast of avengers : age of ultron attended the european premier of the film in london last night . kim acknowledged there has been domestic criticism about the spending of public funds but said the money has been put to good use , claiming us producers are already expressing greater interest in the country . a us source close to the production of the film , however , insisted marvel studios has not altered production to appease korean officials . ' if there was an agreement signed or a rebate involved , marvel is always about ( being ) creative first and the script and the story come first , and then if they can shoot in an area that offers them an incentive , then that 's just an extra bonus , that 's extra good for them , ' the source said . ' but it 's not what drives their scripts or the stories they tell . ' media in strongly nationalistic south korea have often complained the country has been overlooked or misrepresented in hollywood . starring role : elizabeth olsen , who plays scarlet witch in the new movie , wrapped up for the premier last night . dashing : chris hemsworth , who plays thor , and chris evans , aka captain america , attend the european premier . on monday , the national broadcaster kbs reported that the country has only had fleeting appearances in the film , usually in relation to north korea . seoul , it said , has been shown as indistinguishable from tokyo . nina juna , senior manager of international affairs at the seoul film commission , said the few previous appearances of seoul on the silver screen have irked korean audiences . she said : ' the depiction of a future seoul in cloud atlas looked like a future japanese city , not korea . '