veteran airman andrew danziger claims to have seen a ufo . a veteran pilot , who flew president obama 's campaign plane , has revealed that he has seen a ufo flying through the sky . andrew danziger claimed that virtually all airmen believe in unidentified flying objects and that he had his own close encounter in the cockpit between kansas and iowa in april 1989 . the aircraft captain said the ufo initially appeared as a white disc before changing into a ' giant red ball . ' the aviator , who has 28 years of cockpit experience , said the alien aircraft glowed bright red for around 30 seconds before disappearing below the clouds , according to the new york daily news . mr danziger recalled that his plane had left kansas city international airport and reached the cruising altitude of 15,000 feet when he first saw a ' white disc ' clearly visible through the clouds . he explained that the captain of the aircraft , named only as bruce , also spotted the foreign object that appeared similar to the moon . despite , both of the men having a number of years of experience behind them they could not identify the mystery gizmo that was visible for around 40 minutes . as the pair began their decent into waterloo , iowa , mr danziger said the ufo suddenly changed colour . ' i yelled to bruce , `` holy s*** , '' he told the newspaper . ' above the clouds , where the white disc had been , was a now giant red ball . ' he said the bright disc appeared to hover above the clouds . mr danziger , who flew barack obama during his 2008 election campaign , recalled the object flying in the same direction as his aircraft for around 30 seconds before it vanished like the ' setting sun . ' the experienced airman said most pilots have reported similar sightings ( file picture ) . a series of flashing lights were then visible through the clouds , according to the pilot who has flown boeing aircraft . the men later informed the national ufo report centre of the sighting and it was stressed to the pair that countless pilots have witnessed similar objects in the sky . ' while neither of us had any idea what we had saw one thing we were certain of , it was n't from here , ' the north american airlines captain told the new york daily news . ' i 'm not going too far out on a ledge to say that virtually all pilots believe in ufos . '  