the girlfriend of an arizona state university football player who has been suspended after she accused him of abuse has now publicly recanted her story , claiming that mood swings made her lie about being assaulted . davon durant , a promising linebacker at asu , was arrested on domestic violence charges after his girlfriend of 18 months , kelsi langley , claimed that he hit her in the face and grabbed her neck during an argument in his car march 7 . following his arrest , durant , a transfer from a kansas college and a five-star recruit , was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion . she said , she said : arizona state university football player davon durant ( left ) was arrested last month on domestic abuse charges , but his girlfriend kelsi langley is now saying that he never struck her . speaking out : langley , an asu student , held a press conference on campus tuesday declaring that her boyfriend is innocent , and that she lied about the assault because she was jealous . less than two weeks after the incident , langley walked back her previous statements in interviews with reporters , and on tuesday afternoon she held a press conference that she claims set the record straight . standing on asu 's campus alongside civil rights leader reverend jarret maupin , the 19-year-old ms langley said her earlier assault story was ’completely made up ' and durant was innocent . ‘ i was angry . i 'm a woman . women have mood swings , ’ langley said . ‘ we had gotten into an argument about girls trying to talk to him and i was really jealous of that , ’ reported az central . davon durant pleaded not guilty to one felony count of aggravated assault and three misdemeanor counts of disorderly conduct . according to a police report , kelsi langely suffered a bruise below her left eye and there were visible finger marks around her neck . the 19-year-old refused medical care and declined to help with her boyfriend’s prosecution , according to temple police . during tuesday 's press conference , langley and maupin pointed a finger of blame at the local police and the media , accusing them of trying to make durant out to be ' some big black athlete ' and blowing a lovers’ quarrel out of proportions . the 19-year-old woman said that during her interview with police after the march 7 incident , officers asked her questions that were ' almost suggestive . ' who 's lying ? according to a police report , kelsi langely suffered a bruise below her left eye and there were visible finger marks around her neck - but the student said the neck bruises were love bites and her eyes were red from crying . rising star : following his arrest , durant , a transfer from a kansas college and a five-star recruit , was suspended from the football team indefinitely and could be facing expulsion . blame game : langley and civil rights activist jarret maupin accused temple , arizona , police and the media of falsely portraying durant as a thug and his girlfriend as a helpless victim . maupin said langley returned to the precinct the next day and withdrew her complaint . she also posted durant 's bail . ' these are n't the actions of someone who has been severely abused or lives in fear , ’ the civil rights activist told reporters . ms langley insisted that she does not want to be portrayed as a victim ' because that 's not the case at all . ' ‘ he never laid a finger on me , ’ she stated . ‘ davon would never touch me . there 's no way . he 's the kindest person i 've ever met in my entire life . he could n't hurt a fly , and it was my anger that got the best of me . she 's got his back : langley posted durant 's bail after his arrest and recanted her story the following day . ‘ everyone 's been in a relationship , everyone gets into arguments , and a lot of people say things that they do n't mean . ’ however , a 911 recording released by police to fox 10 phoenix appears to corroborate langley 's original statement . a witness called police march 7 telling a 911 operator that he had seen a man beating a girl in a car . the caller said other people also witnessed the altercation . but langley insisted that the witness was wrong , and that their dispute never turned physical . she now wants all charges against durant dropped . in her first conversation with detectives , kelsi langley reportedly described how she got into an argument with durant and told him she wanted him to leave , reported azfamily.com . the football player then allegedly demanded that langley go up to her apartment with him so he could retrieve some of his belongings , but the woman refused . that is when durant allegedly struck her in the face and squeezed her neck . in his version of events , durant said he had a verbal dispute with langley in his car . ‘ when i lied to the police , it was out of spite , ’ langley told espn a week and a half after the incident . ‘ i was n't thinking . it was a very vengeful and spiteful thing to do . ’ during the interview , the asu student said that the bruises on her neck were ‘hickeys’ and her eyes were red from crying . ‘ i already knew i had marks on my neck , and i knew i could pass them off as something , ’ she said . maricopa county attorney 's office has released a statement saying : ‘ in domestic violence cases it is especially important to avoid placing victims at the center of evidentiary disputes outside of the court process .