japan 's defence minister has been forced to assure mps that the country has never been invaded by aliens . speaking in parliament earlier today , gen nakatani promised lawmakers that there had been no alien breach of japanese airspace , and that no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way . nakatani said the nation 's war planes can be scrambled whenever there is a report of an unidentified flying object but , so far , they had not encountered visitors from space . et no home : defence minister gen nakatani responded to questions from an mp about potential alien invasions , and assured parliament that japan has never been invaded by extra-terrestrials . nakatani addressed the ' alien question ' after an enquiry from one of japan 's more flamboyant mps - wrestler-turned-politician antonio inoki . ' when the air self defence force detects indications of an unidentified flying object that could violate our country 's airspace , it scrambles fighter jets if necessary and makes visual observation , ' he said . ' they sometimes find birds or flying objects other than aircraft but i do n't know a case of finding an unidentified flying object believed to have come over from anywhere other than earth , ' he said . at a meeting wednesday of the budget committee in japan 's upper house , inoki had asked if aircraft were dispatched to meet extra-terrestrial visitors and ' whether studies aliens are going on ' . inoki , founder and former owner of new japan pro wrestling , said he did not know whether or not aliens existed , but he had once seen a mysterious flying object rocket into the air on the horizon and disappear . no visitors : nakatani told mps there has been no violation of japanese airspace by aliens , and that no government studies into extra-terrestrials were under way . wednesday 's exchange was not the first official japanese pronouncement on spacemen and their aircraft . a 2007 statement said the government ' has not confirmed the existence of unidentified flying objects believed to have come from anywhere other than earth ' . but the statement , formally endorsed at a cabinet meeting at the time , prompted a surprise rebuttal from the top government spokesman . nobutaka machimura , chief cabinet secretary at the time , said : ' personally , i absolutely believe they exist . ' then-defence minister shigeru ishiba also said that in his personal opinion there were ' no grounds ' to deny that there are ufos controlled by alien life-forms .