a historic spacex launch that was set to take off today has been scrubbed due to bad weather . a historic spacex launch that was set to take off today has been scrubbed due to bad weather . liftoff of the 208ft ( 63 metre ) tall falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm edt/2033gmt from cape canaveral air force station in florida . but poor weather conditions meant the countdown was halted at the 2 1/2-minute mark . elon musk , founder of spacex , tweeted : ' launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud . ' the company will now attempt to launch the uncrewed falcon 9 rocket from cape canaveral , in florida , at 4:10 pm et tomorrow . but more bad weather is forecast . if the weather holds out , spacex is hoping to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the atlantic ocean . the main aim of the flight is to deliver more than 4,300lb ( 1,950 kg ) of food , clothing , equipment and science experiments to the station , which flies about 260 miles ( 418 km ) above earth . on board the dragon capsule is an experimental espresso machine intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy . spacex is hoping to show that affordable , reusuable rockets are possible for future commercial missions . the plan is for the capsule to be released on a two-day journey to the international space station . once this takes place , the rocket 's first stage will flip around and fire engines to steer its descent . it will then deploy landing legs to touch down on a customised barge stationed about 200 miles ( 322 km ) off the coast of jacksonville , florida . at a pre-launch press conference on sunday , spacex vice president hans koenigsmann put the odds of a successful landing at 75 or 80 per cent . nasa this morning said : ' the weather remains the primary concern for today with the most recent report calling for a 60 per cent chance of acceptable conditions at launch time . ' during a previous landing attempt in january , the rocket ran out of hydraulic fluid for its steering fins , causing it to crash into the platform . a second attempt in february was called off because of high seas , but the rocket successfully ran through its pre-programmed landing sequence and hovered vertically above the waves before splashing down and breaking apart . scroll down for video . fast-approaching storm clouds prevented the unmanned rocket from blasting off monday from cape canaveral , florida . the company will try again tuesday . but more bad weather is forecast . the launch will be the easy part . after liftoff , spacex will attempt to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform in the atlantic ocean . liftoff of the 208ft ( 63 metre ) tall falcon 9 rocket was scheduled for 4:33pm edt/2033gmt from cape canaveral air force station in florida . the company will make a second attempt on tuesday . the isspresso machine uses a normal lavazza coffee capsule , which is posted in the top of the machine . water is aspirated and pressurised in a unique electrical system and is then heated . the granules mix with the hot water and the coffee is piped into a pouch , which is securely fastened to the machine using a ' rapid coupling/uncoupling system . ' astronauts drink the coffee straight from the pouch using a straw . after demonstrating a successful ocean landing , spacex intends to bring its rockets back to a landing pad at the launch site so the boosters can be refurbished and reflown , slashing launch costs . ' it 's a long-term goal , ' koenigsmann said . as well as the espresso machine , the spacex dragon supply ship also holds experiments for nasa 's one-year space station resident scott kelly , who moved in a couple weeks ago . russian cosmonaut mikhail kornienko also will remain on board until march 2016 . this will be the california-based spacex company 's seventh station supply run since 2012 , all from cape canaveral . a version of the coffee maker is scheduled for launch to the international space station aboard a supply capsule which will also include 4,000 pounds of food , science research and other equipment . elon musk - whose southern california company delivers supplies to the international space station and aims to haul astronauts as well in two years - wants to start retrieving and reusing his rockets to save time and money . first-stage boosters normally just slam into the atlantic and sink . musk recently unveiled the images of the falcon 9 failed landing after persuasion on twitter by the game pioneer behind doom , john carmack . the images show the rocket approaching the barge following last month 's attempt . after it fails to reduce its speed , the rocket is seen crashing at an angle and exploding . billionaire musk described the event simply as a ' rapid unscheduled disassembly ' . spacex is one of two companies hired by nasa to fly cargo to the station following the retirement of the space shuttles . as well as a recently extended 15-flight , $ 2 billion contract with nasa , spacex is working on a passenger version of the dragon capsule and has dozens of contracts to deliver commercial communications satellites into orbit . the company also is working on a heavy-lift version of the falcon rocket , which uses 27 engines , compared to the nine currently flying . the falcon heavy is expected to make its first test flight late this year . at cape canaveral air force station 's space launch complex 40 , a spacex falcon 9 rocket stands ready to boost a dragon capsule on its fifth commercial resupply mission . saturday 's mission was the group 's first to put the stage on an autonomous landing platform at sea , which was held in position using deep-sea oil rigs . pictured is an image of the fuel and oxygen combining in an explosion . once the coffee is brewed , it 's dispensed in a pouch , which astronauts drink straight from using a straw .