real madrid midfielder james rodriguez is ' worth his weight in gold ' after settling in seamlessly at the bernabeu this season . that 's the view of spanish newspaper marca , who focus on the impressive form of the colombian star since his £60million move from monaco last summer . according to the madrid-based publication , los blancos have won 80 per cent of their games when rodriguez is in the side compared to just 58 per cent when he 's been missing . marca ( left ) say that james rodriguez is ' worth his weight in gold ' as as focus on cristiano ronaldo 's appeal . the 23-year-old is also described as ' the jewel in real madrid 's crown ' and praised for his influence in the no 10 role after scoring 13 goals and laying on 12 more for his team-mates so far this season . but his biggest triumph - according to marca - is how he has lived up to his enormous price-tag , becoming a firm fan favourite for carlo ancelotti 's side . elsewhere in spain , as focus on real 's appeal against cristiano ronaldo 's yellow card for diving in wednesday 's 2-0 win against rayo vallecano . they say that la liga 's competition and appeals committee will meet on friday to decide whether or not the portuguese superstar will be allowed to face eibar this weekend . over to italy , where la gazzetta dello sport lead on roberto mancini 's plans for a summer revolution at inter milan . la gazzetta dello sport reveal roberto mancini 's targets as tuttosport have an interview with alvaro morata . the paper claim that the former manchester city boss hopes to sign eight quality players from a list of 21 candidates . among mancini 's list are premier league stars yaya toure , filipe luis and lucas leiva , while barcelona 's pedro and palermo forward paulo dybala are also mentioned . tuttosport have an exclusive interview with juventus striker alvaro morata , who says he is not interested in a return to former club real madrid . the spanish international also insists that his side must believe in themselves in the champions league , even comparing juve to last season 's unfancied runners-up atletico madrid .