modern humans have developed a reputation for being somewhat destructive and keen to separate themselves from the rest of the animal kingdom . however , a recent excavation of a cave in the foothills of the pyrenees mountains in spain is suggesting our ancient cousins , the neanderthals , were more in tune with nature . archaeologists have discovered evidence that neanderthals regularly inhabited the cave of llenes , near senterada in catalonia , around 200,000 years ago but were not alone . the fossilised remains of badgers were found in old dens within the cave alongside neanderthal camps . the remains of other canivores including cave bears , hyenas , leopards , wolves and badgers have been found in the cave and were apparently also living there . while some of the bones may have been brought there by the neanderthals themselves , it seems they were also sharing the cave with these other predators . scratches on the walls and hibernations nests particularly indicate that cave bears spent a considerable amount of time there . neanderthals , shown in the artist 's impression above , may have lived alongside predators in a cave in spain . researchers found several cave bear fossils , similar to the one above , along with scratches on the walls and signs of hibernation nests that suggest they were living in the cave alongside neanderthals 200,000 years ago . it is hoped the discoveries will help scientists learn more about neanderthal behaviour and their relationship with the animals they co-existed with . ‘ the excavations have documented regular visits by groups neanderthals , probably related to hunting animals living around the cave . ’ the researchers discovered large numbers of stone tools made by neanderthals and evidence of camps that were made close to the entrance of the cave . they also found the fossilised bones of bonal tahr – a species of wild sheep that became extinct in western europe 100,000 years ago – which appear to have been hunted by the neanderthals . the researchers also found traces of other ungulates including deer , rhinos and megaloceros - a giant species of deer that is now extinct . neanderthals first emerged around 280,000 years ago , spreading to inhabit much of europe and parts of asia , but they eventually died out 40,000 years ago . the reason for their demise was often put down to being a more primative species of human that was unable to compete against the more sophisticated homo sapiens . they were depicted as thuggish cavemen that scraped an existence on the cold lands of ice age europe . however , a series of discoveries are now putting neanderthals into a new light . stone tools discovered at sites they inhabited suggest they were skilled tool makers with adept hand eye coordination . a 60,000-year-old multi-purpose bone tool unearthed in france also suggests neanderthals understood how to use bones to make useful devices . a recent discovery by researchers at the muséum national d'histories naturelle in paris suggests that neanderthals may have built homes using the materials they found around them . they discovered a 26 feet wide building created 44,000 years ago from mammoth bones . many of the bones had also been decorated carvings and ochre pigments . cross-hatched engravings found inside gorham 's cave in gibraltar are also thought to be the first known examples of neanderthal rock art . dna analysis has also shown that neanderthals carried the same genes that are thought to have enabled modern humans to speak . eight talons found at a 130,000 year old neanderthal site in krapina in croatia are also thought to be the world 's first jewellery , and may have been worn as a necklace . recent research has also suggested that neanderthals may also have used herbs to flavour their food . neanderthals , like the one above , may well have been the world 's first gourmet chefs and made jewellery . 