it’s a sight that draws giggles and curious stares from tourists and other first-timers – an unusual festival where revellers carry gigantic phalluses through the streets of a japanese city . but for the residents of kawasaki , who lug erotic shapes of all different sizes , this odd tradition is not a joke . shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction , with participants praying to a god of fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections . participants carry a gigantic phallus through the streets of kawasaki , japan during the shinto kanamara matsuri festival . the sight of three large phalluses being paraded through neighbourhoods in the city south of tokyo draws giggles from tourists . shinto kanamara matsuri , the festival of the steel phallus , started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular a tourist attraction . known as the festival of the steel phallus , it is held every spring at the phallus-shaped kanayama shrine . festivalgoers parade through the streets with three giant phalluses , while spectators lick lollies or snack on sausages or vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia . rainy weather didn’t ruin the mood at this year’s festival , which had a massive collection of foreigners , according to japanese website rocketnews24 . they watched as groups of locals carried three heavy phalluses modelled after a mikoshi portable shrine , which is commonly used in shinto festivals . residents of kawasaki carry phalluses of all different sizes while participating in a tradition that began nearly 40 years ago . participants pray to a god who is said to help with fertility , child birth and protection from sexually transmitted infections . rainy weather didn’t ruin the mood at this year’s festival , which attracted thousands of spectators from japan and abroad . spectators can buy lollies , sausages and vegetables shaped as male and female genitalia while watching the unusual parade . the three mikoshi carried through the streets for hours are the kanamara boat mikoshi ( tall and black ) , the elizabeth mikoshi ( big and pink ) and the kanamara big mikoshi ( squat and wooden ) , rocketnews24 reported . in addition to the parade there are performances and music , and the festival itself raises money and awareness for hiv research . the festival started nearly 40 years ago , and the kanayama shrine was once a popular place for prostitutes to pray for protection from sexually transmitted infections . today , people visit the shrine to pray for everything from fertility and business prosperity to wedded bliss and good health . in addition to the parade there are performances and music , and the festival itself raises money and awareness for hiv research . the kanayama shrine was once a popular place for prostitutes to pray for protection from sexually transmitted infections . today , people visit the shrine to pray for everything from fertility and business prosperity to wedded bliss and good health . groups of locals carried three heavy phalluses modelled after a mikoshi portable shrine , which is commonly used in shinto festivals .