students , parents and staff at a melbourne high school are horrified after the discovery students have been drinking treated sewage water from a bubbler on campus for more than a year . in a letter sent to all parents during the school holidays , the principal of st peter’s college in cranbourne east , tim hogan admitted that ‘ class a’ recycled water had been inadvertently connected to an outdoor drinking fountain . the bubbler had been dispensing recycled water for 16 months– from december 17 2013 until april 1 2015 . ‘ the cross-connection came to our attention through the maintenance staff of the college on the 30th of march , 2015 , ’ mr hogan wrote in the letter , issued on april 14 . unfortunately for students , ‘ class a’ recycled water is sewage that has been treated to a standard that’s safe for watering gardens , washing clothes and flushing toilets . students at melbourne high school st peter 's college were drinking from a bubbling dispensing recycled water for more than a year . although it is the highest quality of recycled water , the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption . whilst drinking the water , the students would have been at a greater risk of contracting gastroenteritis or diarrhoea due to the possible presence of a parasite , cryptosporidium . an investigation has been launched by the department of health and human services to assess the extent of the possible health impact on the students . the principal assured students , parents and staff that the drinking fountain was shut down on april 1 and is no longer in use . the other 20 bubblers at the school have been tested and none show traces of recycled water . the ongoing investigation will determine the number of students who have drunk from the water foundation since it became contaminated . although it is the highest quality of recycled water , the water that the students had been consuming is not considered acceptable for consumption . ‘ the department has advised that drinking the class a recycled water may have led to a slightly increased risk of gastro , ’ the principal warned . however , preliminary testing of the chemicals present in the drinking water from the bubbler found that ‘ the vast majority were at very low concentrations’ , meaning the student were unlikely to have been harmed from consuming the water . daily mail australia spoke with a number of parents of st peter 's students . all the parents were unaware of any cases of gastro or anyone who believed they 'd been adversely affected by the bubbler . a health department official will be on site at the school on thursday april 16 to respond to concerns the parents may have . ‘ if anyone is suffering from a gastrointestinal illness and experiencing symptoms such as vomiting , diarrhoea and abdominal pain , they should seek advice from their gp , ’ mr hogan advised . families and staff are being encouraged to contact the department of health & human services on 1300 761 874 . whilst drinking the water , the students would have been at a greater risk of contracting gastroenteritis or diarrhoea due to the possible presence of a parasite , cryptosporidium . 