celtic 's ambitions of persuading manchester city to release jason denayer for another loan deal at parkhead next season are well documented . but what you wish for and what you get are often oceans apart and so may be the case regarding denayer after the pronouncements from city on thursday . put simply , manager manuel pellegrini has confessed that his club 's young academy players are not yet ready to step into his first-team squad . therefore the likes of denayer may soon find themselves returning from loan deals to fill the gap . jason denayer has impressed while playing for celtic on loan this season from manchester city . celtic are keen to retain the services of the 19-year-old belgian defender , but face an uphill struggle to do so . city manager manuel pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to invest in homegrown talent . pellegrini 's comments confirm that city will be required to invest heavily in ' homegrown ' talent this summer . current premier league regulations require clubs to carry a minimum eight homegrown players , a group which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an english club . denayer falls into this category despite hailing from belgium - making him all the more attractive to city next season . pellegrini said : ' i think about the academy , we must be patient . this club build all these things because young players are important . ' maybe it 's not so easy for young players , especially at big clubs , to play in the first team , with the professional squad . ' i 'm sure in the future we will have very important players coming from the academy , they will be part of the squad . ' but it 's important to be patient , important to have years of working the same way . but you never know . maybe some talented young players can do it before . ' denayer would obviously fit the bill . a number of young city professionals , including psv 's karim rekik and marcos lopes with lille , are on loan and may be brought back to plug some of the holes next season . celtic pair virgil van dijk ( left ) and jason denayer ( right ) arrive in milan ahead of the europa league tie . 