a married teacher was caught having sex with his model lover in a classroom at a top catholic private school . tutor colin turnbull , 69 , was found in a ' compromised position ' with rozina khanim by a governor at the £13,000-a-year independent priory school in edgbaston , birmingham . the fee-paying school 's facilities manager kevin bird walked in on the pair while they were engaged in a sex act during an entrance exam day . colin turnbull ( left ) , 69 , was caught having sex with ' model ' rozina khanim ( pictured left and right ) in a classroom at a £13,000-a-year catholic private school in birmingham . caught : mr turnbull , 69 , was found in a ' compromised position ' with ms khanim by a governor at the school . the school was said to be packed with pupils and parents when mr turnbull and 39-year-old ms khanim - who describes herself as a model - were walked in on . the teacher has worked at the school for nine years , hiring out a room to offer private tuition to pupils looking to pass the 11+ , the mirror reported . mr turnbull has not commented on the tryst , but the school confirmed senior staff had told him to ' never return ' . a school spokeswoman said : ' once mr turnbull 's behaviour was discovered by the school 's facilities manager , he promptly informed the assistant headteacher . ' mr turnbull was challenged ; he fully admitted improper behaviour and was then instructed by the assistant headteacher to leave the school site immediately and to not return . ' she added that the teacher was not directly employed by the school but he did hire out the classroom for tuition . ' as far as the school is concerned , while behaviour of the sort alleged is wholly unacceptable in any circumstances , we understand from the advice taken from social services that mr turnbull had not engaged in any illegal activity . the priory school ( pictured ) was said to be packed with pupils and parents when mr turnbull and ms khanim - who describes herself as a model - were walked in on . elite : the independent catholic school charges up to £13,000 a year in fees for students to attend . ' there was no pupil involved , the incident was between mr turnbull and an adult female , ' she added . school regulator ofsted , birmingham city council and the department for education were all informed of the incident . a department for education spokesman said : ' independent schools must adhere to the independent school standards . any suggestion that schools are not doing so will be investigated . ' sources close to the school , however , said mr turnbull had been allowed to ' leave by the back door ' and were angered that he would be able to continue teaching . ms khanim declined to comment but told the birmingham mail : ' that 's not how it all happened . ' the priory school is attended by around 400 pupils , from ' nursery and poppets ' classes up until sixth form . it charges fees of up to £12,870 a year for its most senior students . on the school 's website , its headmaster jonathan cramb says ' knowing what is right and wrong ' allows teachers to get on with providing an education for pupils . more than 80 per cent of students got five gcses graded a* to c last year , well above the national average .