north korea may already have 20 nuclear warheads - double as many as previously thought , chinese nuclear experts have warned . the pariah state may also have the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year , the wall street journal has reported . chinese estimates of pyongyang 's nuclear production , relayed to us nuclear specialists , exceed most previous us forecasts of between 10 to 16 bombs , said the report , which cited people briefed on the matter . scroll down for video . a north korean vehicle carrying a missile passes by during a mass military parade in pyongyang 's kim il sung square . the pariah state may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads , it has now been suggested . north korean leader kim jong un addresses korean people 's army pilots in an undated photo released by the state news agency earlier this month . under the kim dynasty north korea has long used nuclear weapons as a bargaining chip in international relations . experts at the us-korea institute at johns hopkins university 's school of advanced international studies earlier this year presented three scenarios for north korea 's nuclear capability , predicting its stockpile of weapons could grow to 50 or even 100 within five years . north korea has conducted three nuclear detonations , the most recent in february 2013 . asked about the report at a regular press briefing yesterday , china 's foreign ministry spokesman hong lei said he ' did not have knowledge of the specific situation ' . ' we must persevere with denuclearisation on the korean peninsula , persevere in safeguarding peace and stability , and persevere in resolving the relevant issue through dialogue , ' hong said . earlier this month , us admiral william gortney , commander of the us northern command and north american aerospace defense command , said the us military believes north korea has the ability to miniaturise a warhead and mount it on a ballistic missile , although there had been no tests . one such rocket is an intercontinental missile with could theoretically hit california as it is designed to carry a payload of more than 5,000 miles . kim jong un ( centre in black ) posing with his soldiers on top of snow-covered mount paektu in north korea . the country could have as many as 100 warheads within five years , it has been suggested . stanford university professor sigfried hecker was allowed to visit pyongyang in 2010 and reported seeing a large uranium-enrichment facility . the journal quoted him as saying : ' some eight , nine , or 10 years ago , they had the bomb but not much of a nuclear arsenal . ' i had hoped they would n't go in this direction , but that 's what happened in the past five years . ' the more they believe they have a fully functional nuclear arsenal and deterrent , the more difficult it 's going to be to walk them back from that . ' north korea carried out nuclear tests in 2006 , 2009 and 2013 , and has an extremely active ballistic missile development programme , although expert opinion is split on how much progress it has made , reports agence france presse . the chinese estimate reflects growing concern in beijing about the nuclear ambitions of its errant ally , and is the latest in a series of expert assessments that suggest pyongyang is moving faster down the nuclear path than previously thought . kim jong un inspecting the newly built wonsan baby home and orphanage in a photo released earlier this month . north korea has conducted three nuclear detonations , the most recent in february 2013 . in 2012 , pyongyang demonstrated its rocket capabilities by sending a satellite into orbit , but it has yet to conduct a test that would show it had mastered the re-entry technology required for an inter-continental ballistic missile . the other key question is how close the north is to being able to miniaturise a nuclear device that could be fitted on the tip of a missile . in a white paper published in january , the south korean defence ministry said the north had already taken its miniaturisation technology to a ' significant ' level . under the kim dynasty , represented by current leader kim jong un , north korea has long used nuclear weapons as a bargaining chip in international relations . last month the country 's ambassador to the uk issued a chilling warning that north korea would be prepared to use nuclear weapons . in a rare interview , hyun hak-bong claimed the secretive state could launch a deadly warhead ' anytime ' .