a husband accused of trying to murder his cheating wife was ready to let her have sex with another man once a month as long as she stayed with him , his trial heard yesterday . a close friend told how joseph o’riordan , 74 , had confided in him about the extraordinary plan for his 47-year-old wife mandy . o’riordan , a councillor and former nightclub owner , stabbed her eight times in a jealous rage after finding out she had been having an affair with a postman . extraordinary deal : joseph o'riordan stabbed his wife of ten years amanda ( left ) with a seven inch kitchen knife eight times - yesterday brighton crown court heard he was considering allowing her to have affairs . she suffered life-threatening injuries after being knifed in the torso , chest , arms and back . the jury was also shown dramatic footage of the moment police arrived at the couple’s home to be greeted by a ‘calm’ o’riordan opening the door . the revelation of his proposal for keeping his wife of ten years came from alfred harris . he told how o’riordan had confided five days before the attack that he believed she was having an affair . o’riordan was ‘ choked up and emotional’ when he said : ‘ i think amanda is playing away . she’s getting her nails and hair done more regularly , she’s been on a diet and doesn’t want sex . ’ asking for a suit : o'riordan sent his wife this letter from his prison cell . the following day , added mr harris , the men met for a pub lunch in o’riordan’s home village of polegate , east sussex . ‘ i saw joe and he told me that amanda had been seeing someone else – a guy who drove a van . joe said he loved amanda to bits and if she wanted to have sex with someone else once a month that would be okay as long as she stayed with him . ’ in a statement read to brighton crown court , mr harris also described the couple as ‘ loving and close’ . he was ‘ so shocked’ to learn that o’riordan had attacked his wife at their flat on a residential care home estate . the jury saw images of four police officers , one of whom was wearing a lapel camera , arriving shortly before 10pm last october 22 after racing to the scene . pc dave catt said they drew their ‘incapacitating’ sprays fearing the knifeman would be still holding his weapon . they were greeted by o’riordan wearing a blood-spattered light blue shirt and holding a cordless phone on which he had phoned for an ambulance . mr catt said o’riordan admitted : ‘ i found out that she was having an affair and i lost it . ’ mrs o’riordan was moaning and lying on a bed , holding a towel to her stomach with a deep chest wound and serious wounds to her hand and back . paramedics arrived moments later and took her to hospital . jurors looked at two screens as images of her husband’s arrest and subsequent detention at a police station were shown . growing suspicion : giving evidence yesterday alfred harris – a friend of the couple for more than six years – told how o’riordan had confided in him that he believed his wife was having an affair . yesterday , jurors at brighton crown court ( above ) were shown dramatic footage of the moment police arrived at the couple’s home to be greeted by a ‘calm’ mr o’riordan opening the door . pc stuart kenway told how , as o’riordan had opened the door , he ‘ appeared calm and composed and the situation was surreal’ as he then said : ‘ she is in the bedroom – do you want the knife ? ’ officers were directed to a 7in blade with a black handle which was in the kitchen . dr stephen drage , an intensive care consultant with brighton and sussex university hospitals , told the jury how seriously mrs o’riordan was hurt . ‘ it is quite clear she was bleeding to death , ’ he said . ‘ she underwent life-saving surgery which took six hours . ’ o’riordan denies attempted murder . the trial continues .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .