gary neville believes manchester united face their toughest test of the season when they visit premier league leaders chelsea on saturday - but feels their current form means they can beat anyone . louis van gaal 's side have beaten tottenham , liverpool and manchester city in recent weeks to enhance their chances of finishing in the top four and changing what looked like a difficult first campaign for the dutchman into a relatively successful one . after a memorable 4-2 win over local rivals and reigning champions city on sunday , united face a stern examination at stamford bridge . gary neville believes manchester united have a good chance of beating chelsea with the form they 're in . neville knows united have played well in recent weeks but admits van gaal 's system and squad will be pushed to the limit against a chelsea side looking to move one step closer to the title . ' the tests have been liverpool and city , ' he told press association sport . ' this is another test . they have proven themselves , but this is the best team in the country and to go to stamford bridge is the toughest test . louis van gaal 's side have performed admirably this season and are all but guaranteed champions league . ' the performances from united in the past month have been absolutely outstanding in any season . ' forget the fact that in this season they are not going to win the league , in any season the level of performance they have shown in this last month has been of a hard standard . ' after a stuttering start to his reign , van gaal has answered his critics by finding a formation that suits the players at his disposal and neville reckons a top-four place is all but sewn up . united dispatched of manchester city on sunday as they extended their league lead over their rivals . ' we were always very fixed in our formation , ' the england coach said of his time at old trafford . ' louis van gaal through necessity has had to change his formation to get different people in at different times . in the last four weeks he has settled into a 4-3-3 . it has worked really well and the players looked comfortable in the system . ' he said at the start of the season that his team would get better , they always get better and he has stuck to his word . he said they would be in the champions league and i think he will be correct . '