he 's been at the sharp end of football for the majority of his career but a former premier league striker seems to have met his match when literally trying his hand at another profession . preston north end forward kevin davies has been through the wars during his 22 years in the beautiful game - being bumped and bruised by many an opposition defence . the 38-year-old is n't adverse to putting the boot in himself though -proven by the fact that he formerly held the record for the most premier league bookings by a player with 99 , alongside lee bowyer , before everton midfielder gareth barry took that unwanted stat this season . preston north end striker kevin davies tweeted a picture of his cut right hand after chainsawing on tuesday . however , davies ' latest injury is self-inflicted as the england international inadvertently hacked away at his right hand while operating a chainsaw . accompanied with the caption : ' chainsaw 2 kd 0 , ' the former bolton wanderers captain tweeted on tuesday a picture of his hand covered in two plasters where the damage had been done . it 's the second time in less than two months where preston 's no 9 has injured that part of his body . during preston 's fa cup fifth round replay 3-1 defeat to manchester united on february 16 , davies managed to play over an hour after team-mate joe garner accidentally crushed his left hand in the opening exchanges of the contest . a day later he tweeted a picture of his injury accompanied with the caption : ' sore hand today think my partner in crime joe garner landed on it ! ' davies ( bottom ) injured his left hand during preston 's fa cup fifth round replay defeat to manchester united . davies ( bottom ) suffered the injury after colliding with team-mate joe garner ( centre ) during the february tie . despite the injury , davies will be looking to play a helping hand in the deepdale outfit 's efforts to seal league one promotion this campaign . simon grayson 's currently side sit second in the table - eight clear of third-placed mk dons - following their 3-0 win at bradford on easter monday . davies , who was an unused substitute for their victory at valley parade , has found the net just once in all competitions for the club in his 38 appearances this season . davies ( right ) has found the net just once in all competitions for the club in his 38 appearances this season .