maryland police are conducting a criminal investigation into the death of a black man who lapsed into a coma and died in their custody a week after his arrest at the gilmor homes in baltimore . freddie gray , 27 , died sunday after he ' had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' following his arrest by four bicycle officers for violation that 's being kept ' secret ' according to his lawyer . baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake vowed to ensure the city held ' the right people accountable ' after his early-morning death at the university of maryland shock trauma center . scroll down for video . freddie gray , 27 , was arrested last sunday in baltimore , maryland , by four officers for an undisclosed violation . in a video of the arrest , it appears the officers dragged gray to a police van while he screamed out in pain . gray was placed in restraints in the van and then an ambulance was called to the police station 30 minutes later . gray 's stepfather , richard shipley , confirmed the death of his stepson , the baltimore sun reported . shipley said : ' he 's gone . what else is there to say ? ' a timeline released earlier in the week by police said gray was taken by a prisoner transport van from the ' crime ' scene to the western district station shortly before 9am last sunday . while he was in the van , gray was put in additional restrains , according to cbs baltimore . thirty minutes after he was put in restraints , an ambulance was called to the police station to take gray to the hospital . gray suffered a broken vertebra and an injured voice box , according to his family . civilian video showed him being loaded into the van , but did not show the entire encounter . during the video , a woman said : ' that boy 's legs look broke . ' his legs [ look ] broke and y'all dragging him like that . ' the race of the officers involved could not immediately be confirmed and they have been placed on leave . the alleged violation that led to gray 's arrest has not been disclosed . gray died on sunday morning at the university of maryland shock trauma center , likely from spinal injuries . justice league nyc organized a rally saturday night at the western district station where gray was taken . an attorney retained by gray 's family , william ' billy ' murphy , described the circumstances leading up to the young man 's death : ' on last sunday morning at about 8am , the police chased freddie gray , a 27-year-old healthy man , without any evidence he had committed a crime . ' his take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera , which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing freddie into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain . ' while in police custody , his spine was 80 per cent severed at his neck . ' he lapsed into a coma , died , was resuscitated , stayed in a coma and on monday , underwent extensive surgery at shock trauma to save his life . ' he clung to life for seven days and died today at approximately 7am . ' we believe the police are keeping the circumstances of freddie 's death secret until they develop a version of events that will absolve them of all responsibility . ' however , his family and the citizens of baltimore deserve to know the real truth ; and we will not stop until we get justice for freddie . ' anyone who witnessed gray 's arrest or has video of the incident is being asked aid in the investigation . march : citizens and groups such as the justice league of nyc took to the streets to protest following the death of gray on sunday . fight for justice : marchers slowed traffic as they held placards with messages including ' respect human rights ' following the death of gray yesterday . taking a stand : peaceful demonstrators walk with their hands on their heads yesterday in protest over the death of gray who slipped into a coma and died a week after his arrest by police . baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake vowed to ensure that her city held ' the right people accountable ' . deputy commissioner jerry rodriguez said the criminal investigation was underway . he said : ' it 's a two-part investigation . ' one is a criminal case , for mr gray and also the officers . ' we always have that component in there to determine whether there is criminal culpability . ' rodriguez declined to specify why the officers stopped gray . ' we had officers in a high-crime area known to have high narcotic incidents , ' he said . ' the officers believe that mr gray was immediately involved or recently involved in criminal activity and decided to make contact . ' mayor stephanie rawlings-blake said she had the same questions as reporters : ' how was mr. gray injured ? ' were the proper protocols and procedures actually followed ? ' what are the next steps to take from here ? ' she promised a thorough investigation and ' real answers ' for the community . civilian video showed gray being loaded in the van , but did not show the entire encounter or how he was hurt . police commissioner anthony batts said the department would try again to share information with the grays . gray 's family has declined , so far , to interact with police , according to police commissioner anthony batts . he said the department would try again this week to share information with them . batts said : ' today , on this holy day , a mother has lost her son . ' freddie gray passed . my greatest hope and wish and desire is that any time we have an interaction as a police department or a contact , that everyone goes home safe . ' all lives matter . all lives matter in this city . ' the department , an independent review board and the baltimore prosecutor 's office will investigate the case . the justice league nyc , which organized a rally saturday night at the station where gray was taken , held another protest sunday afternoon at the site . the reverend jamal harrison bryant of the empowerment temple said at saturday 's protest : ' what happened to freddie was unnecessary and uncalled for . ' all of those police officers involved need to be held accountable and answer for what they did and need to be terminated from their positions . ' the first event was scheduled as the league 's 'march2justice ' reached baltimore on its way to a rally tuesday in washington . the group said in a statement : ' enough is enough ! police brutality must end ! ' gray 's death comes amid a national debate about the deaths of black men at the hands of police . anyone who witnessed his arrest or has video of the incident is being asked to call police .