‘ everybody loves harry’ exclaimed a disgruntled ian wright , at the very thought of anything to the contrary . ‘ what you on about ? ’ alongside wrighty , steve mcmanaman also defended his honour . ‘he’s been hugging everybody’ , laughed macca . all of this because jake humphrey teasingly suggested to harry redknapp he was in ‘ hostile territory’ as bt sport brought us the lunchtime game from the emirates between arsenal and liverpool . not since his aching knees took him away from the touchline have we seen harry pitch side at a premier league ground . well , that break seemed to have done him the power of good as the former tottenham gaffer chuckled at jake’s notion . ‘ not easy’ , he smiled . ‘ but so far so good’ . harry redknapp joined bt sport presenter jake humphrey for live broadcast of arsenal vs liverpool . and it was indeed good to see redknapp back in the role of pundit at a live game . his joints may be letting him down at the moment , but his wit and football nous seems to have remained undiminished as he joined in with the conversations that surrounded this crucial , and topical game . coming into the match , raheem sterling had almost single-handedly managed to nearly shift the emphasis away from who would get the points to how many pounds he might get . and harry had a view on both aspects . first he addressed sterling’s contribution on the pitch , saying liverpool had ‘ got away with it to a point’ in playing him in recent games at wing back . but added that in this one ‘ he needs to play that free role’ . redknapp was in fine form as pundit for saturday 's premier league encounter at the emirates . while on the young player’s future at the the club , for harry there was only one position . ‘ i think he needs to sign his contract . get on with his football . ’ wright and macca were in totally agreement , stating in tandem ‘ he does’ when asked if they thought he wanted to play his football at liverpool ? when it came to a discussion on the title race , harry was once again unswerving in his opinion . and you knew he was making a serious point because he was willing to back it with money against wright . ‘we’ll have a tenner’ , he suggested to the laughing former arsenal hero . ‘i’ll have chelsea . you’ve got the gunners . ’ during the first half , a definite winner was commentator ian darke who had one of those moments all the men behind the lip mics dream of . ‘ interesting , before the match we saw mesut ozil practise exactly this kind of free kick’ , he told us as the german stood over the ball . the fact that just a few seconds later the same ball was now nestled in the back of liverpool’s net allowed darke a well earned denouement . ‘it’s ozil . and it’s in . practise makes perfect’ . ian wrighty and steve mcmanaman were quick to defend former tottenham boss redknapp . the presentation team were now in the studio at the break . harry giving them knees a rest in the comfy chairs . and from where he was sitting he might just have been able to see the copy of his book placed strategically in shot just behind humphrey . so harry was relaxed , but he wasn’t resting on his laurels . when it became clear daniel sturridge was going to be coming on for the second half , redknapp was quick to question brendan rodgers decision-making regarding the player . ‘what’s he supposed to be , superman ? turn it around’ , was redknapps reaction . and he added , ‘ if he’s fit enough to come on now , why wasn’t he fit enough to start the game ? ’ as we know , daniel had failed to wear his red underpants outside his shorts and the game was lost . leaving a disgruntled brendan rodgers to put a brave face on it in his post-match chat . at this moment , had there been anything hanging in the studio air regarding redknapp’s future in football management , he managed to snuff that thought out most effectively . arsenal beat liverpool 4-1 in the premier league clash at the emirates on saturday . picking up on rodgers’ pain straight away , harry told us , shifting uncomfortably in that comfy chair , ‘that’s the most difficult thing , to stand there and smile . you can’t believe how low you go . it’s scary at times . it’s how it gets you’ , he continued before reflecting , ‘ when it stops ( itals ) getting you like that , that is the time to pack it up . perhaps that’s why i packed it up ! ’ . that little punchline punctured the gloom and brought the house down . it was the perfect moment to put to rest any suggestion that harry redknapp had departed from the game he clearly still loves . perhaps those old knees will stop him stalking the space in front of his team’s dug out ? but it is unlikely to stop him from talking on the screens in front of us where i reckon he always was and clearly remains , great value . even at an even tenner .