from the outside , anand iyer seemed to have it all . a wife , an adorable two-year-old daughter , and a six-figure salary job with a leading tech company in san francisco that he loved . but apparently the dream combination is not so perfect . the 36-year-old quit his job to be a house-husband - and now he could n't be happier . packed it in : anand iyer worked for fashion site threadflip , but ditched his job to spent time at home . speaking to yahoo parenting , he said : ' i started to ask myself , `` what am i working so hard for ? why are we trying to make our lives so great but are n't investing in time with our child ? '' ' he ' felt terrible ' about not seeing his little girl ava , iyer said , and struggled to flit between the roles of employee and dad . after working at microsoft , he moved over to threadflip to be their chief product officer . though he had pushed himself to get there , he realized it might not be the goal he was aiming for . ' i wasn’t spending any time with her in the evening , ' iyer told the site . the playground , he told yahoo , was the worst . ' i would look down at my phone a lot because i didn’t know how to socialize there . ' i didn’t know what to say . but i’m slowly starting to make my way into that circle . it’s about being there over and over again , i think . and now that i’ve done this a few times , and i’m recognizing people in the neighborhood , it’s gotten better . ' so in january , he handed in his notice . alongside iyer 's savings , his wife shreya , 34 , is supporting the family with her job as a recruitment manager at data analytics firm splunk . he concedes that it feels uneasy at times : ' i 've had occasional sleepless nights over our finances . ' but the reality is that i’m fortunate that i’ve been working nonstop for a long time so it wasn’t as difficult a transition for us financially as it could have been . ' iyer is part of a growing faction of men who are subverting the traditional parental set-up to spend more time with their children . according to a recent study by pew research , 46 per cent of fathers are dissatisfied with the amount of time they spend with their children . though he may consider working part-time when ava starts school , he has vowed to make sure she remains his focus . ' seeing ava grow from little girl to a big girl is so rewarding and i can’t say that i would have seen it this way if i’d been working all day , every day , ' he told yahoo . ' from that lens , if we can live like this a while , it’ll be totally worth it . it already think it is . '