a husband shot his wife and another man in the motel room they were sharing before turning the gun on himself early sunday morning , police say . the york county coroner 's office says 35-year-old donnell graham fatally shot his wife , shaquana graham and another man in a room at the quality inn in springettsbury township . the 33-year-old woman was found shot in the head while the other man , 25-year-old kristopher pittman , had been killed by gunshots to the chest . scroll down for video . tragedy : police say a husband shot his wife and another man in the motel room they were sharing before turning the gun on himself early sunday morning . darryl schock , a maintenance and security worker at the motel , told the york daily record that at least one of the individuals had checked into the room around 3 a.m . schock said he was in the breakfast room around 9 a.m. when the guest staying in the room next to the one where the shooting occurred reported hearing gunshots . the guest noted they heard five shots , followed by a pause , which was followed by three more shots before hearing silence . they also stated they had seen a hole in the glass on the outside of the building , which schock said he went to investigate . ' i seen a two-inch opening through the glass pane , ' said schock . ' at that time i immediately called 911 . ' investigation : police believe 35-year-old donnell graham shot wife shaquana graham , 33 , and another man before fatally shooting himself in the head . motel : at least one of the individuals checked in early sunday morning before the gunshots were heard at about 9 a.m . shots heard : motel employee darryl schock said another guest staying in the room next door heard the gunshots and reported seeing a bullet hole in the glass . the motel is located near the city of york in central pennsylvania , where the grahams were from . pittman was a resident of baltimore . perry patel , the owner of the quality inn , told the daily record he could n't recall another shooting or similar incident in the 15 years he 's operated the business . ' it 's sad to hear something like that , ' he said .