she 's the reality tv star with a penchant for plunging necklines and figure-hugging fashion , but casey batchelor is keeping things super sophisticated with her new clothing range . after teasing fans with some pre-release pieces , the big brother star and glamour model has unveiled her collection with honeyz.com in full . casey 's new line is full of boho frocks , paisley prints and flowing maxi dresses perfect for the summer season . scroll down for video . big brother star and glamour model casey batchelor has unveiled her summer collection with honeyz.com in full - and models all of the clothes herself , of course . speaking about her new drop , which was inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the ss15 catwalks , casey told femail : ' i 'm very excited about the launch of my first range . every girl has a clothes obsession - and i am to the extreme ! ' . ' i have so many clothes it 's ridiculous but looking good and feeling good in our clothes is a big deal . wearing the right clothes can make you go from feeling just ok to feeling great , which was the feeling behind my collection . ' casey , who has her own walk-in-wardrobe at home , says that launching her own range of clothes and accessories is a ' dream come true ' . casey teased her fans with some pre-release pieces and now she 's released the collection with honeyz.com in all its glory . the glamour model 's new drop was inspired by the seventies influence spotted on the ss15 catwalks . casey has also designed accessories to complement her outfits , which she says is a ' dream come true ' . the reality tv star , who recently appeared on celebrity dinner date , made sure to include lots of mix-and-match pieces in the range to ensure her fans could shake up their style depending on their mood . ' it 's always good to have a variety of styles and and looks to hand , ' she said . ' but remember to always keep it classy ! ' . casey certainly shows her fans how to work the looks - and showcases her trim figure in the campaign shots . ' my figure has changed since i 've had my breast reduction , ' she explained . ' it 's allowed me to wear different types of clothing , which has been really nice to experiment with different styles . ' before i would always have to wear a bra , whereas now i can get away with not wearing one with certain items . also having smaller boobs does n't make me so top heavy anymore , which is more flattering in clothes . ' casey shows her fans how to work the looks - and showcases her trim figure in the campaign shots . casey loved creating her own fashion range so much that she already has her sights set on designing a shoe collection . ' shoes are my weakness , ' she said . ' if i go to buy one pair , i always walk away with at least three or four . i would love to join up with a designer and properly design my own range , from heels to boots to wedges . i am definitely a shoe-a-holic . ' the star is n't limited to just fashion design and has been busy shooting a film called bonded by blood , which is out later this year . ' i 'm very excited for you all to see this because people do n't know that i am a trained actress . this is going to be a great way for people to see me in a different light as it 's a very serious role - it 's actually based on a true story , ' she said . ' i also have my radio show , which i co-present with sam dowler every saturday on vibe107.6 . it 's lots of fun and we talk about lots of showbiz gossip and the events and premieres we have been to that week . ' i am hoping for my acting to take off and that is what i 'm focussing on so who knows ; in five years maybe i will be in hollywood ! ' . the reality tv star made sure to include lots of mix-and-match pieces in the range to ensure her fans could shake up their style depending on their mood . casey and luisa zissman were out in force on tuesday night at the care after combat ball , a charity for which casey is a spokesperson . the two ladies were like two peas in a pod , both wearing busty , floor-length gowns with their long curly hair flowing over their shoulders . former celebrity big brother contestant casey looked thrilled as she proudly posed with her poster for the charity 's text campaign . the care after combat charity works to help service men and women when they return to civilian life . there mission statement explains just what they strive for : ' is to help to maintain and promote camaraderie in the veterans community for those feeling vulnerable or at unrest with society . ' we look to provide professional assistance where possible for the well-being of the veteran and their family . ' casey and luisa zissman were out in force on tuesday night at the care after combat ball , a charity for which casey is a spokesperson .  