a mother-of-two who lost her eye to skin cancer is warning people against the dangers of wearing cheap sunglasses . deborah kane , from tyldesley , manchester , had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop the cancer spreading to her brain . the 46-year-old teaching assistant believes her cancer developed from getting badly burned on holiday in lanzarote when she was 15 - where she also bought cheap sunglasses without proper uv protection . scroll down for video . deborah kane , from manchester ( pictured ) , had her right eye removed three years ago in a life-saving nine-hour operation to stop her skin cancer spreading to her brain . debbie , pictured with her radiation mask , said , ' they drilled in through the back of my head to get to my eye , so it was a horrible experience ' . debbie , who recently filmed a segment about her ordeal for an upcoming tv show called ‘ fake britain’ , says : ' i want to warn other women of the dangers of buying cheap sunglasses . the decision cost me my eye . ' but i know i’ve been lucky , because through losing my eye , my life was saved . ' to celebrate her recovery , debbie held an aptly named ‘ eye ball’ and named each table after a part of the eye . she hopes to repeat the event annually and has so far raised over £10,000 for the royal manchester eye hospital where she was treated . debbie’s problems first began when she was 24 and had a cancerous mole removed from her neck . she was given the all-clear and put it behind her . debbie went on to have two children , annabel , now 14 , and charlie , eight . ' having one eye doesn’t stop me at all and i’ve learned to be comfortable with the way i look , ' says debbie , pictured with her niece . but in december 2011 , aged 42 , she began to suffer with blurred vision . she was eventually diagnosed with a malignant melanoma behind her right eye . debbie says : ' my mind immediately went back to a teenage holiday in lanzarote when i had been badly sunburned . i had blistered very badly on my neck , which was exactly the same place where i’d first had skin cancer . ' i had scrimped on sunglasses too ; i bought cheap ones because they were trendy – but they didn’t protect my eyes at all . ' i used to buy lots of them every time i went on holiday because they only cost a couple of euros . i binned them all as soon as i was diagnosed with cancer . she is now cancer free but has to stay out of the sun , and wears a patch over her eye , as she 's never felt comfortable with a prosthetic eye . pictured , debbie with her doctors . ' my consultant confirmed that the sun was definitely the cause and that the holiday was likely the starting point for cancer . ' i was so angry , so frustrated with myself . but it was too late for that . ' the lump was so big it was forcing the eye up and out of the socket . ' her eye had to be removed , to stop the cancer spreading to her brain , but her consultant had never done that type of surgery before . debbie says : ' it was a huge risk and he discussed with experts from around the uk before my operation . in the end there were three consultants at my surgery . ' they drilled in through the back of my head to get to my eye , so it was a horrible experience . ' in 2012 , debbie had nine hours of gruelling surgery followed by months of radiotherapy . but a year on , she made a good recovery and returned to work . in 2013 , she found a cancerous lump in her leg , which also had to be removed . her consultant believes that debbie’s eye and leg tumours were both caused by rogue cells from the original tumour in her neck . to celebrate her recovery , debbie held an aptly named ‘ eye ball’ ( pictured ) and named each table after a part of the eye . she hopes to repeat the event annually and has so far raised over £10,000 for the royal manchester eye hospital where she was treated . she is now cancer-free but has to stay out of the sun , and wears a patch over her eye , as she 's never felt comfortable with a prosthetic eye . speaking about her eye ball , she says : ' my friend didn’t understand the concept and she told me she didn’t want to sit on `` len’s table '' because she might not like him ! ' debbie says : ' having one eye doesn’t stop me at all and i’ve learned to be comfortable with the way i look . i work as a teacher , i drive a car and do everything like a normal mum . ' the way i see it , losing my eye saved my life . i just hope my story can save someone else . '