at long last , there 's been a scooby sighting in iowa . hillary clinton 's now-famous mystery mobile , an oversized , armored chevy van , stopped in iowa on tuesday long enough for photographers to catch a glimpse of the vehicle that hauled the former secretary of state from new york to the american midwest . unlike on monday when hillary stopped at an ohio chipotle for lunch , she popped into a coffee house in le claire , iowa , for a cup of joe - and of tea . and at tuesday 's stop people actually recognized her . scroll down for video . and she 's off : hillary clinton gets ready to board the armored chevy van which she is using to tour iowa . mystery machine : hillary clinton 's secret service-approved campaign van , nicknamed ' scooby , ' was photographed outside jones street java house during a campaign visit on april 14 in le claire , iowa . ordinary americans : clinton sipped alongside le claire residents before heading to the town of monticello for an education roundtable at kirkwood community college . clinton talked with a panel of six at kirkwood community college on tuesday in the school 's auto-technology shop . road trip : clinton 's black van started at her palatial chappaqua , new york home and reached monticello , iowa as of tuesday afternoon . clinton focused her roundtable discussion on education issues , student loans and income inequality . hillary and top aide huma abedin wore sunglasses inside the chipotle on monday in the toledo suburb of maumee and left without being engaged by anyone other than a cashier . campaign operatives later phoned the new york times , according to a journalist familiar with the chain of events , so reporters would know she had been there . a times reporter later persuaded the restaurant 's manager to send her photographs of his security-camera footage . clinton ordered a chicken bowl with guacamole , a chicken salad and a fruit juice . the manager , charles wright , told daily mail online that ' it 's true nobody recognized her . ' ' when the reporters started to call , i went back to the security footage , and there she was , ' wright said . ' the sunglasses probably made her harder to spot . ' ' but it 's not like there was anything special going on . she just stood in line like everyone else . i hope she stopped at chipotle locations all the way from new york to wherever she 's headed . ' the ' scooby ' van , named as an homage to the scooby-doo cartoon and its ' mystery machine ' vehicle , is an upgraded chevrolet 1500 . hillary clinton takes a moment out of campaigning to speak with three-year-old kate boens in le caire , iowa . hillary clinton stopped for a picture with william boens , 5 ( left ) , olivia vondracek , 5 , kate boens , 3 and journey peterson , 5 . meet and greet : hillary shakes hands with residents in le claire , iowa , while on the campaign trail . ' all hail the queen ' : joey gallagher of iowa city , iowa shouted as he staged a protest outside kirkwood community college on april 14 , 2015 . iowa city resident matthew evans scratched out his ' stand w/ rand ' sign in favor of an anti-hillary slogan as mrs. clinton was set to arrive for her first official presidential campaign event . this many people knew me ! no one in an ohio chipotle restaurant recognized clinton on monday when she and aide huma abedin stopped for lunch . at kirkwood community college in monticello , iowa , supporters turned out in force to see hillary , with one activist telling mail online ' we 're here to see the queen ' . you go girl : two senior voters turned out to show their support for hillary with this homemade sign . in monticello , kirkwood community college became a carnival bazaar as reporters staked out the building awaiting mrs. clinton . two protesters , possibly the first of her nascent campaign , held signs complaining that she was a friend of wall street and cast a u.s. senate vote to support the iraq war . ' all hail the queen ! ' shouted iowa city resident joey gallagher , one of the pair . as journalists passed by , he carefully scribbled on the back of his sign to cover up a ' stand with rand ' campaign slogan . hillary clinton visits a gift shop in le claire with mayor bob scannell ( left ) while out campaigning today . hillary clinton outside the jones street java house in le claire earlier today as she gets her presidential nomination campaign underway . before visiting le claire , hillary help a roundtable discussion with students at kirkwood community college . rand paul , a kentucky republican senator , launched his own presidential campaign earlier this month in louisville . but matthew evans , the second protester , insisted that ' we 're not here with anybody . ' ' we 're here to see the queen . ' as clinton 's van pulled into the kirkwood parking lot - trailed at a short distance by a black humvee - evans waved a sign and repeatedly shouted , ' give the saudi money back ! ' clinton nicknamed her campaign van ' scooby ' in honor of the popular television show scooby doo , in which a gang of teenagers drive around a van and solve mysteries . hillary clinton 's custom van is chevrolet express explorer limited se , ' a kind of full-size living room on wheels , ' according to yahoo news . it sports a 6-liter v-8 engine and a six-speed automatic transmission , more than enough horsepower for a secret service driver to outrun most any ne-er-do-well . yahoo reports that the vehicle was produced with all union labor and made in the usa , as any uaw-friendly democrat would have to ensure . among other enhancements , clinton 's private ride is armor plated . armor is usually placed underneath the original exterior of the vehicle . she said in a 2014 speech that it had been nearly two decades since she had driven a car , however , making it likely that she 's being chauffeured around the midwest this week . that 's a reference to the millions of dollars the saudi arabian government donated to the clinton foundation while mrs. clinton was secretary of state . republicans cite it as one of many examples of the clinton family philanthropy pocketing money from countries seeking special dispensation from the state department during her tenure . the foundation now bears her name , along with those of former president bill clinton and their daughter chelsea . as morning turned to afternoon in monticello , smoke billowed on the horizon and reporters asked the locals what was burning . the likely culprit , a controlled leaf-burning . but joe murphy , who said he was part of the audio crew for clinton 's visit , told daily mail online that ' hillary might have crashed her mystery machine . ' ' i should shut up , ' he added . on monday daily mail online spoke with kirkwood students anticipating clinton 's arrival . one , corey jones , said he was chosen to ask her a question , and would focus on illegal immigration . ' you know , obama 's plan was to make the illegal immigrants legal , ' said jones . ' she 's part of all that . and some people think – well , i think maybe – it 's just a tactic to have more democratic votes ' from millions of grateful new citizens . while inside the school , according to administrators , clinton will tour the advance manufacturing lab and see the auto technology lab . then she is scheduled to sit with a hand-picked group of students and faculty to take questions in a roundtable format . at casey 's general store in monticello , cashier kathy rigby said she was open to hearing what hillary has to say . ' i think the whole government sucks . they need to stop running my life . it 's everything , including my health care . especially my health care . ' ' but if hillary comes , i 'd go listen to her . i would n't vote for anyone i have n't heard from . ' incognito : hillary clinton ( center ) and huma abedin ( behind her ) were spotted – only by a security camera – lunching on monday at chipotle in maumee , ohio . listening : clinton 's coffee shop visit is part of an effort to make her appear more personable as she chats with ordinary iowans in living rooms and at small businesses . media circus : satellite trucks were on the scene in the early morning as a crush of journalists gathered to see clinton arrive in the ' scooby ' van .  