jordan sharifi , 17 , confessed to giving a gun to friend raymond howell , who killed himself . a teenager who allegedly gave his best friend a gun for protection from bullies has been arrested after the boy used the weapon to kill himself . jordan sharifi , 17 , was taken into custody on friday by police in mckinney , texas , who say he confessed to giving a gun and ammunition to 14-year-old raymond howell , jr . on thursday , raymond was found in a ditch from a self-inflicted gunshot wound . sharifi discovered raymond 's body in a rain culvert after the boy 's mother called to ask him if he 'd seen her son , according to an affidavit , the dallas morning news reported . when he saw his friend in a fetal position in the ditch , he initially thought he was sleeping and called his name , he told police . but when raymond failed to respond , sharifi turned him over and saw blood on his face , and found no pulse , he said . at that point , he noticed the weapon beneath raymond 's body and threw it into a nearby drainage tunnel . sharifi led police to the scene and they initially thought raymond had been murdered because they did not find a weapon , the affidavit states . speaking to police , sharifi initially denied seeing a weapon but later admitted that he had given the boy the gun and had tried to hide it when he found it beneath his body . loss : the body of raymond howell , jr. , pictured , was found early on thursday morning a few miles from his school . sharifi found his friend 's body after raymond 's mother told him the boy was missing . friends : the boys , who became friends after sharifi moved next door , are pictured together with a friend . on social media , he also indicated that his friend had left him a note before taking his life . the two teenagers became friends after sharifi moved in with one of raymond 's neighbors . ' no one understands how hard it is to lose someone so close to them , and to have found them before anyone else knew , ' sharifi wrote on instagram last week . ' but i knew that you wanted me to find you and me to tell your mom and no one else , i will always cherish the letter that you wrote to me , and left for me to find , i love you so much man . ' sharifi , who once attended mckinney boyd high school with howell but is no longer enrolled there , allegedly confessed to police that he 'd stolen the gun from the family he was staying with . he says he gave howell the gun to protect himself after he 'd gotten into some fights recently . sharifi was charged with fabricating or tampering with evidence , theft of a firearm and making a firearm accessible to a child . his bond has been set at $ 300,000 . confessed : police say sharifi , pictured left , led them to howell 's body before confessing he stole a gun from a family he was staying with and gave it , along with several rounds of ammunition , to howell . discovery : sharifi says he found howell 's body after he got a call from howell 's mom asking him if he 'd seen her son . on social media , he also indicated that the boy had left him a note before taking his life . howell 's devastated parents released a statement on monday . ' we want to thank our friends , family and the public for the outpouring of support that we have received regarding the loss of our son and brother , raymond `` junior '' howell . ' even at the tender age of 14 , raymond lived a life of love , strong values and integrity that some people never fully experience ... ' our hope is that it one day allows for a truly meaningful conversation…and more importantly real change for the way we treat others in our schools and throughout our communities . ' friends recalled him as a happy and friendly teenager , but said he had recently asked for a transfer after being bullied by older students , cbs reported last week . ' there were people who did n't like him , but it 's life - there 's always someone that wo n't like you , ' family friend aleena rogers , 16 , told the dallas morning news . ' but those were very few and far between for him . he was loved by most everyone . ' tragedy : howell was discovered dead near this rain culvert just a few miles from his high school . school : he was a freshman at mckinney boyd high but had reportedly asked for a transfer because he was being bullied . the school district said on monday it has found no evidence he had reported the bullying . she said he was always helping other people and called him ' an amazing guy with a huge heart ' . but the high school said it had not found any evidence that the teenager or his parents had contacted administrators with concerns that he was the victim of bullying . the district 's anti-bullying policy forbids name-calling , threats , taunting , teasing and assault , the morning news reported . it also asks students to report bullying to school or district employees . ' the natural inclination is to find blame in these situations , ' spokesman cody cunningham said on monday . ' but as of today , we still have not found any reports from the family , from other peers , from teachers , of any potential bullying . ' district officials continue to investigate . • for confidential help , call the national suicide prevention lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or click here . • for confidential support on suicide matters in the uk , call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .