two men accused in the robbery-murder of a 22-year-old university of kentucky student pleaded not guilty in a lexington court on monday . justin d. smith , 18 , and 20-year-old efrain diaz appeared briefly via video link from jail while their attorneys entered their pleas of not guilty in the death of jonathan krueger . the men are charged with murder and robbery in the fatal shooting of the young ohio native in the early morning hours friday . smith is also charged with tampering with evidence , reports the lexington herald-leader . killers ? justin smith ( right ) and efrain diaz ( left ) have been arrested and charged in the robbery and murder of university of kentucky junior jonathan krueger . deadly robbery : jonathan w. krueger ( above ) , the photo editor at the school newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information , was shot dead friday in what police are calling a robbery turned deadly . the coroner 's office said krueger died of a gunshot wound to the chest . he was photo editor for the uk campus newspaper , the kentucky kernel . fayette county commonwealth 's attorney ray larson would not say if there were other suspects , what the men are accused of stealing or how many weapons were used . ' i suspect that if there are other arrests the police will say that , ' larson said . ' i really am not going to talk about the facts of a pending case . and if you were on trial , you 'd want me to say that . ' dazmond morgan , who lives near the scene of the crime told the herald-leader he rushed to the krueger 's side after hearing four gunshots around 2am on friday . krueger was jerking as he struggled to breathe , morgan said . sad : lexington police dept . investigate the fatal shooting on east maxwell st. at transylvania park . krueger , 22 , was shot and killed at this location around 2 a.m . murdered : krueger , the photo editor at the university of kentucky newspaper and a junior in the college of communication and information , was shot in the chest . krueger 's companion that night escaped and found two people who called police , according to wkyt . one of the men the friend came upon was area resident thomas o'mara , who said , ' the look on his face was just like , incredible . ' he was in so much shock . he was asking us if like , he could trust us , cause he was just scared of anything at that point in time.that was his friend who got shot at so it 's terrifying . ' smith told a reporter friday he did n't kill krueger , and diaz said he was innocent . ' i swear on my life i 'm innocent , ' diaz said . ' i 've never killed anybody in my life . ' preliminary hearings are scheduled may 7 . chris poore , the student adviser for the university 's newspaper , the kentucky kernel , remembered the young man as funny and talented . ' he was an easy friend , ' poore said . ' he was comfortable with everybody and people felt comfortable with him . he looked you in the eye . ' university president eli capilouto sent a note to students and staff friday morning calling the killing ' incomprehensible . ' ' although this tragedy occurred off-campus , it is a stark reminder that all members of our campus community should at all times be vigilant about their safety and the safety of others . we are each other 's keeper , ' capilouto wrote . ' it is also in a moment like this that we are reminded of how fragile and previous life is . ' his friend adam pennavaria wrote on facebook ; ' terrible , terrible way to wake up this morning . i ca n't even begin to tell you all what a beaming light jonathan was to every single person in his life . nothing i could write here can adequately describe how we 're all feeling right now . rest in peace , brother . ' krueger , an avid cyclist , grew up in perrysburg , ohio , a suburb of toledo . his family owned a greenhouse that grew poinsettias and other flowers , poore said . he was proud of his family 's work ; he showed off pictures of their flowers and farm . his grandfather , walter krueger sr. , said friday that the family is devastated and asked for privacy . university president eli capilouto sent a note to students and staff friday morning calling the killing ' incomprehensible . ' ' although this tragedy occurred off-campus , it is a stark reminder that all members of our campus community should at all times be vigilant about their safety and the safety of others . we are each other 's keeper , ' capilouto wrote . ' it is also in a moment like this that we are reminded of how fragile and precious life is . ' beta theta pi fraternity brothers of slain university of kentucky student jonathan krueger , attend a candlelight vigil held friday near campus in lexington .  