the wife of a u.s. army colonel who shot her two children dead four years ago says she does not regret it . julie schenecker , 54 , was convicted last may of shooting her son beau , 13 , and daughter calyx , 16 , in their upscale tampa bay , florida home in january 2011 while her husband served overseas . now in an exclusive jailhouse interview , she has claimed she pulled the trigger to ' save ' her children , despite previously admitting to authorities that she had shot them for being ' mouthy ' . when asked by abc action news in the interview if she regretted the shooting , schenecker , a former military linguist , shook her head . scroll down for video . no apologies : julie schenecker , pictured in an interview from jail , has said she does not regret shooting her 13-year-old son and 16-year-old daughter dead at their home in january 2011 . ' i saved them , ' she said quietly . she claimed her son was being sexually abused - but would not say by whom - and that calyx had told her she was suffering from mental illness . she feared the girl would be attacked , too , she said . ' i was raped as a virgin and my whole life has been a mess , ' schenecker told abc . ' i came from a great family . they protected me . and this still happened . i could n't let it happen to calyx . ' but police disputed the claims , saying she had admitted to killing the children for being ' mouthy ' . last year , the court also saw pages from her journal that detailed her plans to kill them in the days before their murders , as well as entries after she carried out the killings . ' i offed beau on the way to practice , ' she wrote . ' i accidentally shot the window then shot him . one in the side of the head and one in his mouth because he became so mouthy just like calyx . ' killed : she shot her son beau , left , inside their car before going to the room of her daughter calyx , right , and shooting her as she did her homework . she then forced her daughter 's mouth into a smile , she said . emotional : she sobbed throughout the interview as she claimed she 'd killed her children to ' save ' them . speaking to abc action news , she said that she shot her son as he went to tie his shoelace . the boy 's body was found inside her car in the garage . afterwards she walked to calyx 's room and shot the girl in the head as she was doing her homework , schenecker said in the interview . ' shot the two mouthy mouths in the mouth after shooting them in the head , ' she wrote in her journal . in the interview , she admitted that only one side of calyx 's mouth appeared to be in a smile when she lay dead , so she forced the other side of her mouth to smile as well . both the children were covered in blankets when authorities went to the home after schenecker 's mother had contacted them , worried that she had been unable to contact her daughter . schenecker was found covered in blood and passed out at the house . she was taken to hospital and was later charged with two counts of first-degree murder . speaking in the interview , she said that she had initially only intended to kill herself but when she went to buy a gun , she was unable to take the weapon home the same day . plot : pages in her journal showed how she detailed the killings long before carrying them out - despite claiming in the new interview that she only thought about killing them at the moment she shot them . in court : schenecker is seen during her trial in a tampa courtroom in april 2014 . her attorneys tried to prove that she was insane at the time of shooting dead her children but the jury rejected the argument . parker schenecker , pictured in court as his wife was found guilty last may , was serving in the middle east when she shot their children . she wrote in her journal she thought he was going to divorce her . ' i had to wait , ' she recalled . ' if i had gotten it the day that i went to the gun store , i would have killed myself that day . ' despite the journals detailing how she planned to kill the children , she said in the jailhouse interview that she did not wake up that day thinking she would kill them . instead , the thought to take their lives only came seconds before she pulled the trigger , she said - but she added that she remembers little about the murders . ' i do n't understand what happened that day , ' she said . ' so i do n't know how to make you understand , what happened that day . that is the problem . ' she claimed she had struggled with alcohol and painkiller addiction , and she had a history of mental health issues , including clinical depression . at her trial last year , her defense team had tried to argue that she was insane at the time of the killings . former life : the couple , pictured in happier times , were married for 20 years after meeting in the military . scene : police surround the couple 's upscale home in tampa following the discovery of the bodies . all six mental health experts who testified at her trial last year said schenecker was mentally ill , but three experts called by prosecutors said she was legally sane when she shot her children . the jury rejected her insanity plea and she was convicted of the two murders and sentenced to life in prison without parole . in her jailhouse interview , she said she had wanted to get the death penalty . her husband of 20 years , parker schenecker , who divorced her a few months after the killings , said there was never any indication she would hurt the children . the army colonel was on a 10-day deployment to the middle east at the time of the murders . in his children 's memories , mr schenecker has created a memorial fund that has provided scholarships for promising student leaders , artists and athletes . see below for video . 