hollywood producer and studio executive harvey weinstein will not face criminal charges despite the groping allegations made against him by a former miss italy finalist . italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police weinstein groped her during a ' business meeting ' at his tribeca film center office in manhattan on march 27 . battilana claimed the 63-year-old father of five asked if her breasts were real before touching them and putting his hand up her skirt . scroll down for video . the manhattan district attorney concluded a criminal charge against harvey weinstein is ' not supported ' . italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police the hollywood producer groped her in his office on march 27 . battilana refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after making the allegation against weinstein . the manhattan district attorney 's office investigated the italian model 's claim , but has decided not to prosecute weinstein , the new york post reported . battilana is a former miss italy finalist . district attorney spokeswoman joan vollero said on friday : ' this case was taken seriously from the outset , with a thorough investigation conducted by our sex crimes unit . ' after analyzing the available evidence , including multiple interviews with both parties , a criminal charge is not supported . ' weinstein , who always maintained his innocence , could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations proved true . battilana refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after lodging the complaint against weinstein . the delay led to speculation battilana made the groping allegation in a bid to try and land a part in one of weinstein 's films . once that ' pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to cooperate and pursue the criminal case , according to sources . weinstein , who is originally from queens , founded miramax with his brother bob in 1979 and is worth an estimated $ 200million . he is married to british-born fashion designer georgina chapman , 38 , who founded the luxury label marchesa . they have been together for seven years and have a young son and daughter . weintein also has three older daughters from his first marriage to his former assistant , eve chilton , which ended in 2004 . weinstein , 63 , is married to british-born fashion designer georgina chapman , 38 ( right ) , and they have two kids . unmarked police car were spotted outside weinstein 's tribeca film center office ( pictured ) after the allegation . there are rumors battilana made the groping claim in an attempt to land a part in one of weinstein 's films .