australian olympian jana pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child just days after a video surfaced of the elite athlete training while eight months pregnant . the two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official australian olympic team 's twitter , and pittman 's former agency pace sports management has also offered congratulations on the new addition . pittman 's seven-year-old son cornelis is now the big brother of a little girl named emily , who was introduced to her mother 's athletic ability while still in the womb . australian olympian jana pittman is believed to have given birth to her second child , a daughter named emily . the two-time world champion hurdler has been congratulated by the official australian olympic team 's twitter . footage of the heavily pregnant hurdler showed pittman doing a training run on sunday , just a day before going into labour , reported 9news . emily was born at a healthy 3.1 kilograms on monday , reported the brisbane times . the 32-year-old plans to compete in both the beijing world championships and the 2016 rio olympics , which means that she was chose to incorporate training into her pregnancy right up until the final trimester . pittman continued to train while she was pregnant with cornelis , and won her second world title for hurdles seven months after he was born in 2006 . the athlete 's coach , mike hurst , said that pittman trained every second day and was careful to monitor her core temperature throughout her training program . the 32-year-old was filmed training for the 2016 rio olympics the day before she went into labour . the 32-year-old plans to compete in both the beijing world championships and the 2016 rio olympics . ' jana said when she came to train that she wanted to go to rio and she was trying to get pregnant . that was the plan from the outset and that was how she has managed it , ' he told the brisbane times . ' jana is a two-time world champion and she is doing third-year medicine and one of her interests is in obstetrics . she has been very careful in how she has managed her training . ' ' she also knew her body and said some days she could not train , ' mr hurst said . pittman 's new daughter was conceived with an ivf donor , and opened up about her second child to woman 's day , telling the publication this week that she feels ' extraordinarily lucky . ' ' i ca n't wait to meet my baby girl , she 's my little miracle ! ' she turned to ivf to conceive her second child , falling pregnant with an anonymous sperm donor , before she met her current partner james gurr . according to her website , jana 's ' success key ' is her son cornelis ( right ) , who she says changed her life . new addition : olympian jana pittman , pictured here with her son , has confirmed that she is four months pregnant with her second child . in her element : the 32-year-old used an anonymous sperm donor to help conceive her baby girl . according to her website , jana 's ' success key ' is her son , who she says changed her life . ' [ he ] gave me perspective on what is truly important , ' she writes , adding that he is her number one fan . the 32-year-old plans to be back in training in just three weeks , and will continue to work towards her goal of competing in the 400 metre hurdles in beijing and rio . last year , pittman became the first australian woman to compete in both the summer and winter olympics , after competing as part of the women 's bobsleigh team in sochi , russia . her coach is confident that she is fitter than ever and credits her commitment to returning to train straight after last year 's winter olympics .