britain is looking forward to another week of glorious weather as bookmakers revealed this spring is now odds-on to be the warmest on record . on what is expected to be another unseasonably warm week , forecasters say temperatures in the south could reach 23c ( 73f ) by wednesday . people have made the most of the sunny weather this weekend by heading to beaches and parks across the uk , with brighton particularly busy . the best temperatures at 2pm today were 16.2c ( 61.2f ) at achnagart in the scottish highlands , followed by 14.5c ( 58.1f ) in plymouth , devon . scroll down for video . on the water : friends katherine salsbury and jess girling go paddle-boarding on the solent off hampshire in the warm sunshine today . flower girl : six-year-old freya burgess lies a field of cowslips today near shepton mallet in somerset today . first steps : lamborghini ( left ) walks at the cattle country adventure park in berkeley , gloucestershire , after receiving specialist care . but incoming high tides and strong winds have prompted five flood alerts to be in place today - for devon , cornwall , somerset , bristol and cumbria . meanwhile ladbrokes has cut its odds on this spring being the warmest on record to 4/6 , while it is offering 2/1 on this summer being the hottest ever . punters can also get 5/1 that the mercury will hit 100f ( 37.8c ) in 2015 , or 4/1 that the april record of 29.4c ( 84.9f ) set in 1949 will be broken this year . today will bring cloudy weather for central and eastern britain with sunny spells and the chance of light showers , but it will be dry and bright elsewhere . and tonight will be fairly cloudy for the centre of the country with the possibility of showers , while most other areas of the uk will be dry with clear spells . three-day forecast : today will bring cloudy weather for central and eastern britain with sunny spells and the chance of light showers . absolutely soaking wet : daniel willcox cools down in a fountain at southsea splash pool in hampshire today . jogging : a man and woman run through an avenue of cherry trees coming into blossom at greenwich park in south-east london today . forecasters expect the south to reach 17c ( 63f ) tomorrow , 21c ( 70f ) on tuesday , 23c ( 73f ) on wednesday and 20c ( 68f ) on thursday . tomorrow will see mist and low cloud disperse from most parts of britain in the morning to leave a bright day with sunny spells and patchy cloud . met office meteorologist emma sillitoe said yesterday : ' it is definitely very warm for this time of year as it should be around 12c ( 54f ) . ' the south east and south west are already on course for their sixth hottest april since records began in 1910 , according to met office figures . surface chart : this met office graphic shows how high pressure is dominating this weekend in britain with temperatures in the mid teens . incoming high tides and strong winds : five flood alerts are in place today - for devon , cornwall , somerset , bristol and cumbria . some 93 hours of sunshine - up 20 hours on the average - have brightened the uk already this month , but the south west is on flood watch today . very high tides lashed by strong winds may hit seaside towns and villages along the south devon coast this weekend , the environment agency said . yesterday’s top temperature in the uk was 17.6c ( 63.7f ) - observed in achnagart in the highlands and pembrey sands in carmarthenshire . but that was still some way off last wednesday’s 2015 uk high of 25.1c ( 77.1f ) in kent , making it the warmest april day in the uk for four years . parts of britain could face a drought as the met office cut its rain forecast following last week 's heatwave . the unseasonably high temperatures last week saw highs of more than 25c ( 77f ) in the south east - nearly double the average for this time of year . and forecasters warned that initial figures suggest that so far this month britain has only seen 35 per cent of the average rainfall for april . the dry spell follows months of below-average rainfall and conditions are not expected to bring significant showers before may 's arrival . met office meteorologist emma sillitoe said : ‘ we are over halfway through the month but we 've had around a third of the rainfall we get on average . ‘ over the next week temperatures are going to stay above average for most parts of the country , with the high pressure lasting until the weekend . ’ weather data for the year so far shows national rain fall has been significantly lower than average nearly every month . the year got off to a soggy start , with january seeing 20 per cent more rain than average but then 13 per cent less than usual fell in february . last month the figure was 5 per cent below average . the environment agency said : ‘ river and groundwater levels across england are healthy . ’