his voice cracked with emotion at times and in the next breath he laughed at questions and joked with his boss , borussia dortmund sporting director michael zorc . in short , jurgen klopp’s farewell press conference was much like his seven years at the club : engaging , compelling and infused with passion . klopp is leaving borussia dortmund after seven seasons in which he has won two bundesliga titles , the german cup and reached the champions league final , in 2013 at wembley . wednesday was not quite ‘ auf wiedersehen’ as there are eight more matches of the season to play . manager jurgen klopp announced he would be leaving borussia dortmund at the end of the season . borussia dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke , klopp and michael zorc of dortmund were present for the press conference at signal iduna park on wednesday . photographers snap away at klopp as journalists gather during the announcement of his dortmund exit . yet an era is coming to an end and not just at dortmund , but – and this is tribute to the charisma he has evoked during his time there – in european football . like pep guardiola and jose mourinho , klopp has elevated himself into the realms of the cult manager . he is distinct in that he is much more open than guardiola and seemingly much less calculating than mourinho , though that in itself is , of course , a calculation . though there is much more to dortmund than just klopp , at times it seems that it has been his sheer force of personality which has carried the club . klopp was emotionally charged during the press conference as he could n't resist showing his sadness . but klopp also had moments where he laughed along with his boss zorc during the press conference . borussia dortmund celebrate in front of their fans after winning a league match against hamburg in 2011 . there are many reasons why dortmund have captured the imagination of fans across the world and especially in england : there is the extraordinary atmosphere of the westfalenstadion and the 82,000 fans ; there are the season tickets available at £160 ; the membership structure which allows fans a say in the running of the club ; the little ritual at the end of the game where the players gather in he centre circle , join hands and thank the fans . they came to represent everything the premier league isn’t . borussia dortmund : german league champions : 2010-11 , 2011-12 . german cup : 2012 . champions league runners-up : 2012-13 . individual : german manager of the year : 2011 , 2012 . fifa coach of the year runner-up : 2013 . and then there were the players , like marco reus , mario gotze , robert lewandowski and mats hummels , electrifying the champions league with their energy and verve . but it was klopp who was the public face of a club , the embodiment of all that . he was a journeyman football from mainz , a second-rate lower league team when he played for them . only when he managed them did they become a bundesliga force , qualifying for the uefa cup , a track record which eventually earned him the dortmund job . the club was emerging from bankruptcy when he arrived and he has helped to transformed them into one of europe’s elite football institutions . and whenever they have lost key players – nuri sahin , shinji kagawa , gotze , lewandowski – it seemed to make no difference . the team just took stock and rolled on . it seemed klopp alone could keep driving the model ever upwards and onwards . except this season the momentum ground to a halt . in february they were bottom of the bundesliga and relegation loomed . they have recovered and are tenth but were dumped out of the champions league by juventus . klopp claimed today that he is not tired and that he doesn’t require a sabbatical . but it was hard to avoid the conclusion that the pressure of trying to keep up with bayern as they cherry picked his best players had finally proved too much . klopp ( left ) stands alongside hansa rostock boss juri schlunz during his days as mainz manager , where he built the foundations of his reputation after guiding them into the uefa cup . after winning the bundesliga in 2011 , klopp celebrates with dortmund fans as he holds the trophy . but klopp would fall one step short in winning the champions league as his dortmund team lost to bayern munich in the 2013 final at wembley . here he stands with kevin grosskreutz following the loss . ‘ this wasn’t a calculated decision , it wasn’t planned it’s not tactical , ’ said klopp . ‘it’s just that i simply believe that it’s right and important that we can announce this today so we can be up front and begin to make a logical plan to bring this to an end . ’ there is another side to klopp , of course . he could match mourinho for haranguing referees and has been known to go into full tantrum mode on the touchline . and his stylised open-ness isn’t for everyone . he met with manchester city officials when the club were considering replacements for roberto mancini ; they opted for manuel pellegrini . it will be interesting to see whether city will now give klopp a second chance . klopp has in the past been linked with taking over from arsene wenger ( right ) at arsenal as the duo shake hands before a champions league tie at the emirates stadium last november . as he barks instructions from the touchline , klopp 's emotional grasp of the game makes him ideal for the premier league . the dortmund boss shows his fury after his side fall behind against stuttgart in september . arsene wenger was less than amused when he compared arsenal to an orchestra playing a ‘ silent song , ’ adding : ‘ i prefer heavy metal . ’ it came at a time when wenger was under pressure , an older man who seemed to be struggling to keep up with the new wave ; klopp knew how to make the point . in many ways he does seem made for the premier league . his capacity to embrace a club emotionally makes him the thinking man’s ian holloway . the sheer relentlessness of his teams and their work-rate means he would have no problem passing the premier league’s ‘ foreigner test’ otherwise known as wet , windy night at stoke . ‘ what i love is fighting football , ’ klopp once said , explaining that in germany they even call this ‘english’ football . ‘ rainy day , heavy pitch , everybody is dirty in the face . this is borussia . ’ it is klopp’s mantra too . he clearly won’t lack for offers . and wherever he goes , you can expect klopp to be the centre of attention . 