stevie mccrorie has been crowned the winner of the voice uk 2015 , after beating fellow contestant lucy o'byrne in the final . now mentor ricky wilson , his fellow celebrity judges rita ora , tom jones and will.i.am , and most of all bosses at the bbc will all have their fingers crossed for his success . because it 's not just a hit single stevie needs , he also has to break the curse of previous winners who have failed to do anything but flop out of the charts . scroll down for video . can this year 's the voice uk champion stevie mccrorie break the winners ' curse ? his mentor ricky wilson is confident stevie could be just what the bbc needs to pull their talent show out of ridicule . leanne mitchell , the first ever winner of the voice uk , has been dropped by her record label and now works as a holiday camp performer . the very job she was hoping to leave behind when first auditioning for the show . series one winner leanne mitchell , mentored to success in 2012 by sir tom jones , blew everyone away with her version of whitney houston 's i would run to you in the live final . but despite much excitement surrounding her first single , she failed to rank any higher than number 45 in the music charts . then a year later came her album , a record of songs written entirely by her rather than a compilation of cover versions , which failed to chart in the top 100 . some , including the script frontman and former voice coach danny o'donoghue , believe leanne did n't have the right work ethic . when asked last year about leanne 's flop , he said , ' i was told by tom jones , and by the label as well , that leanne just did not want to work as hard as you have to work to be a pop star . ' leanne won the public vote in the final of the voice uk 's first ever series , but her debut single , a cover of whitney houston 's i would run to you only just managed to scrape into the top 50 after being released . leanne mitchell has now returned to her previous employment , singing for holiday campers at potters leisure resort in hopton-on-sea , norfolk , after failing to make her mark on the music industry . after being dropped by her label decca , leanne is now working in the job she thought she 'd left behind - singing for holiday campers at potters leisure resort in hopton-on-sea , norfolk . the singer has defended her efforts , suggesting that she was given poor advice and not enough support once she 'd finished writing her album . but can the same be said for series two winner , andrea begley ? former the voice uk coach danny o'donoghue criticised leanne mitchell for not working hard enough after winning series one of the bbc talent show , but has failed to make his own winning act , andrea begley , who was crowned champion of the second series in 2013 , into a household name either . partially sighted irish singer andrea was determined to avoid the mistakes of her predecessor leanne , but despite enjoying more chart success amd holding onto her record deal , she too has failed to equal the superstardom that comes with winning other tv talent shows like simon cowell 's the x factor . the partially sighted singer from pomeroy , northern ireland , now 29 , won the public vote in 2013 after being mentored by fellow irishman , danny . she even commented on the failings of her predecessor leanne , and said that she was determined to do things differently . ' everybody is obviously aware that last year things did n't go maybe as well as they could 've done , and i think lessons have been learned , ' she told the mirror , shortly after being crowned champ . andrea 's album , the message , released in october 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts , but compare that to the success of most x factor winners , and you soon understand the singer 's disappointment . but while andrea is still fortunate enough to have herself a record deal , her success has n't been the chart topping megastardom that winning a rival show like the x factor might bring . her debut single , a cover of evanescence 's my immortal , charted at number 30 , while her follow up , dancing in the dark , originally by bruce springsteen , did n't make it any further than 113 . andrea 's album , the message , released in october 2013 did make it to number seven in the album charts , but compare that to the success of most x factor winners , and you soon understand the deflation in the begley camp . will.i.am won the third series of the voice uk with jermain jackman , a young singer from hackney , london . 2014 the voice winner jermain saw his debut single and i am telling you , a cover of the broadway number made famous by jennifer hudson in musical dreamgirls , chart at just number 75 . hot on the heels of andrea was jermain jackman , who won last year 's series with coach will.i.am . if a slow start killed leanne mitchell 's chances , jermain and will had better kick this career into gear . the singer from hackney in london , still just 20-years-old , saw his debut single and i am telling you , a cover of the broadway number made famous by jennifer hudson in musical dreamgirls , chart at number 75 . despite various public appearances , once with mitch winehouse at a charity event in the name of his late daughter amy winehouse , jermain 's debut album this month has landed at number 42 . compared with x factor 's 2014 winner ben haenow , whose debut single landed the christmas number one spot , jermain 's success has so far been what you could call limited . compared with x factor 's 2014 winner ben haenow , whose debut single landed the christmas number one spot , jermain 's success has so far been what you could call limited . despite various public appearances , once with mitch winehouse ( pictured centre ) at a charity event in the name of his late daughter amy winehouse , jermain 's debut album this month has landed at number 42 . the glitter falls from the ceiling ... but the real hard work is just beginning for stevie mccrorie . so can stevie mccrorie break the curse and become the first ever success of the voice uk ? his debut single will be lost stars , a cover of adam levine 's hit from the film begin again , which was nominated for an oscar this year . the scotsman has also reportedly been asked to perform at music festival t in the park already . stevie 's coach ricky wilson , frontman of rock band kaiser chiefs , has been quick to defend his protege in the face of criticism . when asked if he 's worried about the growing number of the voice uk flops , he simply replied , ' stevie has n't won it before . ' so now it 's all eyes on you stevie ! no pressure ... though it 's not always the winners who reap all the success ( steve brookstein , case in point ) , the x factor has produced far more chart successes than the voice uk . here are just a few of the best-selling artists that came from simon cowell 's itv show : one direction they did n't win , in fact they came third , runners up next to matt cardle and rebecca ferguson in 2010 , but simon cowell 's boyband has sold over 50 million albums and quite literally , taken over the world with their legion of fans . leona lewis despite having left simon cowell 's label sycon last year , leona remains one of the show 's biggest successes , having sold over 4.4 million singles off the back of her 2006 win . jls the runners-up of the 2009 series , jls went on to sell over 3.9 million singles and 2.7 million albums , before splitting up in 2013 . olly murs he came second to joe mcelderry in 2009 , then went on to sell almost as many albums as jls and co-present the x factor 's sister show xtra factor in itv2 with caroline flack . alexandra burke after winning the 2009 series following her duet with beyonce , alexandra went on to rack up more than 1.25 million sales for her debut single hallelujah . james arthur before the singer landed himself in hot water with volatile twitter rants , he clocked up over 1.2 million sales of his first single impossible after winning the 2012 series . little mix the first ever group to win the show in 2011 , little mix have now beaten the spice girls ' chart success in america and raked up an impressive 132million vevo views . rebecca ferguson though she came second to matt cardle in the 2010 series , rebecca has just released her third album lady sings the blues and has enjoyed steady chart success .