they may look like inventions straight out of a sci-fi film , but this collection of designs were very much real and developed in a top-secret british war lab more than 70 years ago . ministry of defence 1 , also known as ‘churchill’s toyshop’ , was a weapons laboratory set up in 1939 by winston churchill - a firm believer in the importance of science and technology in warfare . he encouraged his scientists to trial even the most absurd of inventions - many of which never made it beyond the drawing board - but some were so successful that they played a vital role in ending world war two . scroll down for video . winston churcill is pictured gives his ' victory ' sign as , wearing his famed curchillian hat , he made a polling day tour of his constituency during the election in 1945 . churchill was the conservative candidate for woodford , essex , but lost in the elections . 1 . the panjandrum : a giant wheel covered in rockets . the atlantic wall was a series of robust fortifications built after 1942 by the nazis to defend against an anticipated allied invasion . churchill was born in blenheim palace into the blue-blooded dynasty of the dukes of marlborough . he was an enthusiastic soldier , fighting in several wars before entering politics . churchill was made prime minister of britain in may 1940 . he survived several strokes in later life , and on his death , he had one of the largest state funerals in history . it posed a significant obstacle for allies , and so a potential solution to create a breach large enough to allow a vehicle through was dreamed up by one of churchill’s military think-tanks . the panjandrum was an unlikely-looking weapon , made up of two large wooden cartwheels with a ton of explosives sandwiched between them inside the axle . cordite rockets were to propel it at predicted speeds of up to 60 miles ( 97km ) per hour , which even without the deadly force of the explosives it carried , was pretty terrifying considering it weighed around 4,000lbs ( 1,800kg ) . after extensive trials , the prototype had a disastrous final test in which it veered dangerously off course and disintegrated in the sea . it was promptly canned . the panjandrum , pictured , was an unlikely-looking weapon , made up of two large wooden cartwheels with a ton of explosives sandwiched between them inside the axle . 2 . the time pencil : a hidden detonator with sights on the fuhrer . otherwise known as ‘ pencil detonators’ or officially as ‘ switch , number 10 , delay’ , these were pencil-shaped timed fuses with a vial of corrosive copper chloride at one end . they were inserted into explosives and used as a ' time delay ' to set off a bomb . they could be set to delay for between 10 minutes and 24 hours . to activate it , the vial was crushed so the copper chloride would begin to dissolve a metal wire . once the wire snapped , it released a spring that propelled a striker down the hollow tube to the percussion cap , to detonate the explosives it had been inserted into . these were used extensively during covert operations by the sas in africa . one of these detonators was used in the 20 july plot of 1944 , in the briefcase-bomb attempt to kill hitler . this hidden detonator used a vial of corrosive copper to dissolve a metal wire , propelling a ' striker ' down a hollow tube and detonating explosives the pencil was attached to . 3 . the limpet mine : like a sea mine , but with a man attached . the idea of using a human torpedo to attach explosive charges had been around since the end of world war one . churchill’s version was attached by frogmen who used the most powerful magnet in the world at the time to attach around 4.5lbs ( two kilograms ) of explosive to an enemy ship , capable of punching a large hole in the hull . divers would carry the limpet mines underwater and attach them to ships , causing devastating damage when they exploded . they were used in the war to devastating effect . seven japanese ships were sunk or disabled by allied commandos alone , using limpet mines in singapore harbour , 1943 . churchill’s ' human torpedo ' used the most powerful magnet in the world at the time to attach around 4.5lbs ( two kilograms ) of explosive to an enemy ship , capable of punching a large hole in the hull . you can read more about winston churchill 's ' mad science ' in issue 22 of all about history . 4 . project habbakuk : a giant iceberg aircraft carrier . steel and aluminium were at a premium during the war , so when inventor geoffrey pyke , who worked at combined operation headquarters ( cohq ) , was considering a way of protecting atlantic convoys beyond the reach of aircraft cover , he realised the answer was ice . specifically , he considered creating huge flotillas carved out of icebergs that could house aircraft and provide a runway . the problem was that icebergs tend to roll over , so pyke’s answer was a combination of wood pulp and ice , which he called ‘pykrete’ . this wouldn’t sink , was much stronger than ice and wouldn’t shatter , so it could easily be carved into shape . however , it never came into being . pyke encountered a series of engineering problems that ultimately required the use of some steel in habbakuk . plus , the invention of long-range aircraft fuel tanks and the use of airfields in the azores made it redundant . geoffrey pyke 's radical idea was to build huge flotillas carved out of icebergs that could house aircraft and provide a runway - although they never came into being . 5 . the sticky bomb : a deadly explosive you ( sometimes ) can’t outrun . this was a kind of grenade consisting of a glass sphere filled with more than 1.5lbs ( half a kilogram ) of nitroglycerine , covered with an extremely sticky adhesive and encased in metal . its handle contained a five-second fuse and a safety pin that , upon being pulled , released the metal casing and exposed the adhesive . the adhesive was added to allow the bomb to remain attached to an enemy tank for the few seconds of delay before the bomb exploded . in theory , the sticky bomb could be attached to a passing tank , although in practice tanks often proved too dirty or wet for the bombs to stick . despite this , 2.5 million were made and used between 1940 and 1943 . the stick bomb is shown being assembled in 1943 . this was a kind of grenade consisting of a glass sphere filled with more than 1.5lbs ( half a kilogram ) of nitroglycerine , covered with an extremely sticky adhesive and encased in metal . 6 . artificial harbours : a pop-up invasion aid to bring the tanks ashore . ‘mulberries’ , or artificial harbours as they were otherwise known , were portable , temporary harbours designed specifically in world war two to help the allies unload the heavy cargoes associated with a large-scale invasion . in the years leading up to the d-day landings , it had become apparent that any attempt to land en masse on the atlantic coastline of western europe would require the use of the french harbours . and to do that , the allies would need to depend on penetrating the nazi atlantic wall , which could not be done . instead , the mulberries were to be transported and assembled off the french coast , providing mobile port facilities including cranes , roads and piers . ‘ mulberry a’ and ‘ mulberry b’ were successfully used for the invasion of normandy in june 1944 . the american mulberry a was destroyed by storms but the british mulberry b served for six months after d-day before being decommissioned . ‘mulberries’ ( one pictured ) , or artificial harbours as they were otherwise known , were portable , temporary harbours designed specifically in world war two to help the allies unload the heavy cargoes associated with a large-scale invasion . 7 . the piat : a one-man artillery barrage ( when it hit anything ) . by the middle of world war two enemy tanks had become increasingly well armoured , to the point that they were impenetrable to the outdated infantry grenade launchers . the projector , infantry , anti-tank ( piat ) was a portable mortar system that used a powerful spring to arm and launch a bomb weighing 2.5lbs ( 1.1kg ) with a shaped charge up to 360ft ( 110 metres ) away . they were first issued to british forces in 1943 and used throughout the war by the allies . although not entirely reliable , they were quite capable of taking out enemy tanks when they hit their targets and detonated . you can read more about ' churchill : britain 's mad scientist ' in issue 22 of all about history , on sale now . the projector , infantry , anti-tank ( piat ) was a portable mortar system designed to help british soldiers battle german tanks - and when they hit , they were very successful .