five prisoners - including an islamic extremist who allegedly shot dead two police officers - have been killed as they tried to escape from a van taking them to court in southern india . prisoner syed viqaruddin - who had links to a network of feared terrorist groups - is understood to have asked the police van to stop in a deserted area , claiming he needed a toilet break , while they were en route to a court in hyderabad . but when the blue bus stopped at about 10am , another of the prisoners ' tried to snatch a rifle from a policeman and tried to escape ' , according to anurag sharma , the head of telangana state police . shoot out : the five suspects were killed this morning after allegedly trying to escape police custody . he added : ' the police first warned them to stop and surrender , and when they did not listen , police opened fire . ' the five men were all killed in the shooting , while just one of the 17 officers guarding the group was left with minor injuries . the incident came two days after a gun battle in the same state left two terror suspects and a police constable dead . india.com has named the four other men killed today as syed amjed , izhar khan , mohammed haneef and mohammed zakir - all of whom were said to be members of a terrorist group called tehreek ghalaba e islam , according to oneindia.com . the group is said to be funded by harkat-ul-jihadi islami - an extremist group banned in bangladesh in 2005 , and which claimed responsibility for killing 17 people at delhi courthouse in september 2011 . viqaruddin - who is said to be their leader - has also been linked to the banned terrorist organization lashkar-e-toiba . fatal : just one of the 17 officers guarding the truck was hurt , and the bodies were later taken for autopsies . he had been in custody since his july 2010 arrest for allegedly carrying out a series of attacks against policemen - including the killing two policemen in hyderabad , as well as triggering two bomb blasts in the southern high-tech city . oneindia.com also reports him as having bragged of plans to assassinate narendra modi , who was then the gujurat chief minister . however , he is said to have abandoned the plot at the last minute when he realised ' there was too much security in the area ' .