an airline passenger who was stabbed with a pen by a woman sitting next to him because he was snoring compared the bizarre attack to being ' stung by bees ' . lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint before take off on the southwest airlines flight from chicago to manchester , new hampshire on thursday . he told abc7 : ' imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees , and then waking up and going owww . ' he added : ' she was smirking ... i mean , she said zero at this point , and i just kind of , and all i wanted to do was not be sitting next to her . ' scroll down for video . lenny mordarski , 68 , was viciously poked with the blue ballpoint on a flight to new hampshire on thursday because he fell asleep and was snoring before take-off . lenny mordarski , 68 , described the attack by a female passenger to ' being stung by bees ... owww ! ' the woman was removed from the flight following the air rage incident and put on a later flight out of chicago . crew appear to pass the pen used by the female passenger in the assault on fellow traveler as he slept . the woman , dubbed ' psycho pen lady ' by another fellow passenger , was removed from the flight . the southwest airlines flight which was scheduled to leave midway international airport at 1.15pm was delayed for almost two hours due to the ' disturbance ' . the chicago fire department was called to evaluate mr modarkski after he was stabbed in the arm . mr mordarski said he would not be pressing charges following the incident . his best friend , photographer michael sutton , said the pen stabbing began after lenny 's arm brushed up against the woman while he slept . mr sutton , 41 , told daily mail online : ' she took her pen and stabbed his arm several times causing him to yell out in pain . ' the pilot ordered the plane back to the gate to escort he off the flight where we gave a statement and she was removed for endangerment . ' luckily he wore a thick long sleeve shirt or there would have been blood . he will have a few bruises in the morning . ' the passengers cheered when they heard she was n't coming back on . ' southwest airlines supplied the men with free gin and tonics and when the plane landed , a flight attendant said : ' please keep your writing utensils to yourself and have a great day ' . the woman was allegedly ' smirking ' when she was removed from the plane . southwest accommodated her on another flight . in a statement to daily mail online , south west airlines said : ' a customer on flight 577 was removed from the flight before takeoff after poking her seatmate in the arm with a pen . ' the flight departed for manchester shortly after the passenger was removed . the passenger in question was accommodated on a later flight . no injuries were reported . ' michael sutton ( left ) said that his best friend lenny modarski ( right ) yelled in pain after he was stabbed in the arm by a woman on his flight . 