bafetimbi gomis scored twice in swansea 's 3-1 win over hull on saturday and tops this week 's ea sports ' performance index after another thrilling installment of premier league action . during a weekend of stunning goals , gomis got in on the act with an impressive overhead kick before doubling his goal tally in the last minute of swansea 's victory . the frenchman - who made a slow start to his career in south wales after playing second fiddle to the recently-departed wilfried bony - has scored four goals in his last six premier league games and earned a game index score of 52.9 this weekend . bafetimbi gomis scores with an overhead kick during swansea 's 3-1 victory over hull on saturday . the swansea striker celebrates with young fans and tops this week 's ea sports ' performance indez . the ea sports ppi is the official player rating index of the premier league . it measures a player 's contribution to the success of his team . the intention is to remove any opinion bias and only work with proven statistical measurements which become more accurate as the season progresses . so , what are the six indices ? 1 . winning performance . 2 . player 's performance per match . 3 . appearances . 4 . goals scored . 5 . assists . 6 . clean sheets . with gomis in first place , queens park rangers forward charlie austin is this week 's runner up with a game index score of 52.2 after scoring and assisting a further two goals in the hoops ' 4-1 victory away at west brom on saturday . austin has scored 16 goals for chris ramsey 's relegation strugglers this term and continues to impress as qpr battle to beat the drop with seven games remaining . chelsea star eden hazard completes the top three with a game index score of 51.7 having scored from the spot during the blues ' 2-1 win over stoke . manchester united midfielder ander herrera is in the top four , like his club , after scoring twice and recording a total pass completion rate of 95.9 . arsenal trio olivier giroud , alexis sanchez and mesut ozil - who all found the net in the gunners ' 4-1 victory over liverpool - make the top 10 . glenn murray also makes the list following his tap in during crystal palace 's victory over manchester city on monday night , while midfielders esteban cambiasso and ki sung-yeung were among the premier league 's top 10 performers this weekend . charlie austin ( right ) celebrates with team-mates during qpr 's 4-1 win against west brom at the hawthorns . eden hazard celebrates after scoring from the spot as chelsea defeated stoke 2-1 at stamford bridge . alexis sanchez fires the ball at goal to score for arsenal as the gunners beat liverpool 4-1 at the emirates .