the future of britain 's independent nuclear deterrent sparked a bitter war of words yesterday . tories claimed russian leader vladimir putin would be happy with ed miliband as prime minister because he can not be trusted to keep our trident submarines . defence secretary michael fallon led a ferocious assault on the labour leader – claiming he is a ' backstabber ' who can not be trusted not to sell out in a ' grubby ' deal with the snp . scroll down for video . tories also pointed to a survey suggesting up to three-quarters of labour election candidates oppose the replacement of trident . business and skills minister nick boles , a close ally of david cameron , went further , claiming the russian president would be pleased to see mr miliband enter downing street propped up by snp leader nicola sturgeon . ' ask yourself this . who does vladimir putin want to see running britain after may 7 ? ' mr boles demanded . ' answer : the man who abandoned the syrians to their fate and the woman who wants to scrap our nuclear deterrent . he… stood alongside putin in protecting [ syrian president ] assad . ' mr miliband reacted with fury to the attacks , accusing the tories of ' desperate smears ' and dragging the election campaign ' into the gutter ' by claiming he would ' stab the uk in the back ' in the same way that he did brother david in the labour leadership contest . ' david cameron should be ashamed , ' mr miliband said , insisting that labour was committed to renewing the trident fleet . but mr fallon 's promise to renew all four submarines appeared to leave labour in disarray . mr fallon said the full replacement of trident would be a ' red line ' in any second conservative-liberal democrat coalition . ' i want to see multilateral disarmament , i 'm not in favour of unilateral disarmament . that means we have got to have the least cost deterrent that we can have . ' - ed miliband , january 5 . ' we 're going to see whether there 's any way you could do it with three [ submarines ] . ' - ed balls , march 15 . ' [ four submarines ] is exactly the policy that we have had for a very long time . ' - chris leslie , wednesday . ' four boats ... but we 'll look at that in government . ' - douglas alexander , yesterday . ' it 's right to have a review because technology changes . ' - ed miliband , yesterday . for labour , however , frontbenchers gave differing positions . some suggested a labour government might cut the number of submarines . mr miliband said he favoured ' basically four boats ' but it was ' right to have a review ' while labour treasury spokesman chris leslie said that maintaining four submarines was ' exactly the policy that we have had for a very long time ' . earlier this year mr miliband had said he favoured the ' least cost deterrent ' possible . and in march , shadow chancellor ed balls had said the party would see whether three submarines could suffice . military experts insist four submarines are the minimum needed to ensure trident can be deployed at sea at all times . any fewer would mean that the missiles would on occasion be left vulnerable in port . mr fallon attacked the idea of having only three , saying there was no point in having a deterrent that ' takes the weekend off ' . a survey of labour candidates , conducted by the campaign for nuclear disarmament , suggests that mr miliband would have difficulty carrying large sections of his party with him if he sought to renew trident . in several labour safe seats , mps who supported trident are being replaced by candidates who oppose it . they include meg munn in sheffield heeley , whose replacement louise haigh says : ' investment in nuclear is immoral in and of itself ' . former defence secretary liam fox said the lack of clarity from labour over trident left britain in a ' very dangerous position ' . ' unless we are absolutely sure where they would be then we have to assume that they are not fit to protect this country by having a continuous nuclear deterrent , ' he said ' in a very dangerous world that is a very dangerous position . ' as many as three-quarters of labour candidates oppose the replacement of britain 's trident nuclear deterrent . pictured is the hms victorious off the coast of scotland . cnd 's survey of labour candidates suggested as many as three-quarters opposed the replacement of britain 's trident nuclear deterrent . the anti-nuclear group said last month it had polled a ' representative sample ' of labour candidates , including sitting mps . but labour critics claimed only 73 candidates had been surveyed with 50 or so anti-trident . the finding suggested anti-nuclear labour mps could make common cause with the scottish national party , which has said it wants to ditch trident . labour 's official policy is to maintain a continuous , submarine-based deterrent . but many senior figures want labour to back a more limited , cut-price deterrent – while others believe the party should scrap it altogether . kate hudson , cnd 's general-secretary , said : ' labour candidates are in step with public opinion . the majority of the public do n't want tosee £100 billion spent on nuclear weapons . ' mr cameron backed mr fallon 's attack and challenged mr miliband to rule out any arrangement with the snp that would put labour into power . he said : ' when i listen to what labour are saying , they are playing fast and loose with the country 's security . ' miss sturgeon said : ' we would never be in any deal with a labour government who is going to renew trident . ' 