opera is n't normally a field associated with animal cruelty , but the two worlds have collided in china after a singer posted pictures of herself wearing a headdress made from kingfisher feathers . web users and conservationists quickly criticised her indifference towards animal welfare after it emerged the accessory was made from the feathers of no less than 80 of the colourful birds , according to the people 's daily online . outcry : opera singer liu guijuan is heavily criticised for showing off her headdress ( pictured ) made with feather from 80 kingfishers . peking opera singer liu guijuan wrote in her post on weibo , china 's equivalent of twitter , that she had bought the rare headpiece more than a decade ago for 120,000 yuan ( £10,775 ) . ' it is made with the feathers from under the wings of 80 kingfishers , ' she said the post . miss liu , a well-respected opera artist from tianjin city , said the current market price for the headdress is no less than 400,000 yuan ( £42,583 ) . she added that she is often envied by fellow artists at the backstage for wearing such pieces . the post immediately attracted attention of chinese animal lovers , who said art should n't come at the cost of sacrificing innocent birds . ' i feel like these people should step down . who wants to see you if you build your art upon animal 's suffering . we would rather you get out ! ' commented one web user . in the name of art : miss liu , an established opera singer in china , is seen on stage ( right ) in the headdress that landed her in hot water . but there were some supportive voices too . ' liu guijuan has followed industry rule and the headdresses are just for performing purpose , it has nothing to do with environmental protection , ' wrote one unnamed web user . others suggested that artists could just as easily use fake feathers to create realistic costumes . victim : two of the 11 types of kingfisher in china are protected species . faced with public outcry , miss liu initially did n't back down . she replied in her comments : ' i 'm doing this in respect to art . in order to buy the best ( headdress ) , i 'd rather spend more money and use more kingfishers . ' she also indicated that chinese peking opera master , mei lanfang , used to collect headpieces with feathers from kingfishers . however , she took down her original post not long after . two of the 11 types of kingfisher in china are protected species . people 's daily online reported in the same article that the police authority in guangdong seized nearly 60,000 dead kingfishers last october . but no further information was released on what these kingfishers had been killed for .