dr unt tun maung , 43 , asked the vulnerable teen to remove her bra before cupping and squeezing each of her breasts , durham crown court heard . a married gp who fondled a vulnerable teenager 's breasts when she came to him complaining of chest pains has been jailed for 18 months . dr unt tun maung , 43 , was working as a locum gp when he assaulted the patient during a routine examination at a teesside medical centre in 2012 , durham crown court was previously told . the father-of-one , of chester-le-street , county durham , had spent 12 years working in the nhs , but has now lost everything because of a ' moment of madness ' , his lawyer told the court . the attack took place during a routine appointment in july 2012 when the girl went to maung complaining of chest pains . maung then asked the teenager to remove her bra , before cupping and squeezing her breasts before telling her to put her clothes back on . after the incident , the woman texted a friend to say she felt she had been sexually abused . in a statement read to the court , she said had not wanted to believe she had been taken advantage of , but she could not rid it from her mind . then , when she visited another doctor a few months later with another chest infection , she panicked while being examined , the court heard . a complaint was made to the nhs , although the police were not alerted for ' several months ' , prosecutor peter makepeace said . dr maung came from a medical family and had worked in the nhs since moving to the uk in 2000 , mr hurst said , and was held in high regard both professionally and personally . he had devoted 12 years of his life to working in the nhs and had also helped contribute to his buddhist community , defence barrister andrew hurst said . mr hurst asked the judge to suspend the sentence , saying maung 's earning potential had been decimated and he had lost the respect of the community , to the point that his conviction ' effectively amounts to a life sentence ' . maung was jailed for 18 months for the attack , which took place in 2012 , is currently suspended from practicing and is facing a general medical council investigation . judge prince told maung he had previously been of ' exemplary ' character , had made a significant contribution to society , both as a ' diligent and dedicated doctor ' and in the wider community . he added that maung was clearly held in high regard by numerous people of high standing . however , the judge concluded that only an immediate prison sentence would be appropriate for the crime and deter others from behaving in such a way in future . dr maung has been suspended from general practice since october 2013 and now faces a general medical council investigation . judge prince added that his nhs career was ' unquestionably over ' . maung will also be placed on the sex offenders ' register for ten years , but was not told to pay the victim any compensation , though she can pursue him through the civil courts .   