when rural farmer ashley stewart and his wife felicity found a baby male kangaroo on the side of the road in 2013 , they had no idea that the little joey would quickly become part of their family . two years on , the curious and friendly joey they have dubbed ' dusty ' is now so comfortable living with the couple and their dogs lilly and rosie on their farm , near esperance in western australia , that the stewart 's are convinced he actually thinks he is a dog too . dusty rides around the property in the back of mr stewart 's truck along with the dogs , sleeps with them on a dog bed , eats with them , asks for scratches , and even tries to sneak dog treats when he can . scroll down for video . dusty the kangaroo ( right ) has convinced himself that he is a dog , and spends his days with ashley and felicity stewart 's dogs rosie and lilly , on the couple 's farm in esperance , western australia . his unique behaviour began when mr stewart decided to drive down to a dam on the couple 's property in wittenoom hills , 60 kilometres from esperance , and loaded lilly , a golden retriever , and rosie , a border collie , into the truck bed . ' i loaded the dogs in and he was hanging around and looking up at the truck and so i just picked him up and put him in the back with them , ' mr stewart told daily mail australia . ' i did n't think too much of it , we drove down and came back together , ' he said . ' he 's been fine sitting on the back , as i do n't drive too fast because i 'd be worried about him jumping off . he does n't jump in , i lift him in and out . ' while the adventure down to the dam has only happened a few times , dusty , who the couple often call ' skip ' , has also picked up some very canine-like habits . ' he 's either eating or sleeping . he 's a very placid creature , and every time you walk out the door if he 's not laying in his bed he comes up and wants a pat and a scratch , ' mr stewart said . ' he even puts his arms up and wraps them around you like he 's giving you a cuddle , ' he said . and just like most dogs , while dusty gets along well with lilly and rosie , he does n't care much for the couple 's cat . dusty the kangaroo sleeps and eats with the dogs , and often tries to sneak their food as well as his own . mr stewart said that dusty will hold his arms up and wrap them around like he is trying to give a cuddle . ' he just likes to hang out with the dogs , probably because he thinks he 's a dog . he eats and sleeps with them , and will wander down to the shed with them and lay around if i 'm working there , ' mr stewart said . dusty also has a collar , like many dogs , as a protective measure to ensure he can be found at nighttime . ' when he was little we used to let him out during the day and he 'd go off grazing and would n't come back at night , so we 'd have to go looking for him , ' mr stewart said . ' we just could n't find him as kangaroos do n't make any noise and are very still , ' he said . ' once we found him he would always come back with us , so we decided to wrap some reflective tape around a collar so when we shone a torch at night we could see him ' . while mr stewart said that there are ' plenty of people around who look after orphaned joeys ' , their situation is a bit unusual . ' in a rural area like this there are always kangaroos around who unfortunately get hit on the road and for various reasons orphaned joeys are found , and so we were n't sure when we took him home what would happen , ' he said . but by the time the couple had started to feed him , and weened him off milk , he was part of the clan . now , instead of milk , dusty eats a mixture of grains , and guinea pig/rabbit food , his favourite treats are an apple or bread . ' although when we feed the dogs he often wants what they 're having , ' said mr stewart . unsurprisingly for a joey who has convinced himself he 's one of the pups , he often tries to get some of the dog biscuits too .