philip garrod , 43 , was caught by a speed camera doing 105mph on his powerful suzuki motorbike . a lying paramedic was struck off for faking a 999 emergency call-out to try and get off a driving ban after being caught speeding at 105mph on his motorbike . philip garrod , 43 , was on his way to start a shift with the welsh ambulance service when he was caught by a police camera doing the the eye-watering speed in a 60mph zone on his powerful suzuki motorbike . he pleaded guilty and was fined £650 with six points for speeding but then began weaving a web of lies after asking the judge to consider special circumstances to try and avoid a driving ban . at dolgellau magistrates court , garrod had claimed he was rushing to work after a colleague had contacted him before he set off and told him that a cyclist was injured on the a470 at dolgellau in north wales . but the judge ordered an adjournment to take various witness statements before making a decision on his driving ban . that 's when bosses began their own investigations and discovered the extent of garrod 's lies and opened a special misconduct hearing . yesterday , the disciplinary hearing was told garrod filled in a ' patient clinical record ' for the bogus call to back up his false story . garrod - a paramedic for ten years - was caught out when ambulance chiefs checked to find no record of the 999 call on the day of his speeding ticket . the panel heard the ambulance trust had no records of any 999 alert on the a470 at dolgellau , north wales , on 25 april 2011 - the day he was caught speeding . a report from the health and care professionals council said : ' the conduct was deliberate and was designed to mitigate the fact that he had been caught speeding . ' his actions were pre-meditated as he went as far as falsifying documentation to support his story . ' this would be deemed to be dishonest by the ordinary standards of reasonable and honest people . ' garrod claimed he was rushing to work after a colleague had contacted him before he set off and told him that a cyclist was injured on the a470 at dolgellau but was caught out when bosses checked 999 records . father-of-two garrod did not attend the disciplinary hearing in cardiff but said in writing he had ' confused the dates ' . garrod denied five allegations relating to providing false statements , creating a false patient clinic record and dishonesty . but he was struck off after being found guilty of misconduct . the disciplinary hearing ruled : ' such conduct by a health professional falls well below the standards expected of a registered health professional and consequently amounts to misconduct . '