as the daughter of actress nanette newman and film director bryan forbes , and the wife of a super-rich banker , emma forbes was never destined for a life on the breadline . but even she has astonished her showbusiness friends by buying a £27 million london mansion – for cash . the four-storey home has five kingsize bedrooms , five bathrooms , an underground pool , a gym , and a lift to take cars to the basement garage . extravagant : the red-brick mansion with a neo-classical facade was torn down by the previous owners . but it is not to everyone’s taste – one neighbour has described it as looking like a ‘down- market mortuary’ . the purchase comes after ms forbes , 49 , made a handsome profit on the sale of her previous flat , in chelsea . cash buyers : emma forbes , 49 , pictured with her hedge fund boss husband graham clempson , 51 . land registry documents show that she sold that seven-bedroom home for £43 million in february . she and her hedge fund boss husband graham clempson , 51 , had bought it for £18.5 million in 2007 , before spending large sums on revamping it . registry records show there is no mortgage on the couple’s new home . ms forbes and mr clempson moved into her new-build house with their children , lily , 19 , and sam , 16 , in february . neighbours have expressed mixed views about the house , which was completed this year after a two-year build . it replaced a red-brick mansion with a neo-classical facade that was torn down by the previous owners . although the architects said they designed the new yellow-brick house to blend in with other victorian and georgian townhouses in the conservation area , some residents complain that it ‘ just sticks out’ . one neighbour said : ‘ apparently the council approved it , which is outrageous . ‘ in an area like this it’s important the buildings fit a certain look . but it just sticks out , it doesn’t look like anything that belongs here . ’ another resident added : ‘ it looks like a downmarket mortuary . there was more taste to how it was before . now it looks like a council estate . ’ london property developers have revealed that the sale of ms forbes’s previous apartment for £43 million made it one of the most expensive flats in the uk . the priciest apartment in the uk is believed to be in the one hyde park development in knightsbridge , which sold for £140 million last year . tristan ward , a solicitor acting for ms forbes and mr clempson , said it was ‘inaccurate’ to say that she made a profit of £24.5 million on their previous flat as the couple spent considerable amounts of money refurbishing it before selling it . mr ward added that his clients’ property affairs were a ‘ private matter’ . ms forbes’s mother , 80 , is famous for her roles in the 1970s british film classics the stepford wives and international velvet , both of which were directed by mr forbes . he died in 2013 . additional reporting : alisha rouse . an earlier version of this story suggested that emma forbes had a voiceover part in peppa pig . this is not the case .