kelly ripa has been grief stricken following the sad news that her friend , cosmetic surgeon dr fredric brandt , was found dead by suicide at his miami mansion on sunday . so it 's understandable that 44-year-old tv star was looking morose as she left her new york city apartment on tuesday . the live with kelly & michael co-host , who is usually seen smiling , wore a frown as she left the building alone . when appearing on her morning show she said , ' he was such a great man ... he was just a great person , a great friend , he will be missed - i can not tell you how much i will miss him . i will miss him every day of my life . ' sad day : kelly ripa looked to be in mourning on tuesday as she left her nyc apartment ; on sunday it was announced her surgeon friend dr fredric brandt had died . the personality added , ' if you love someone tell them every day that you love them because you do n't know if you will have that opportunity ... . it 's sad . oh my gosh , he was just the best . he would sing to you while he put botox in your face - any song you wanted . he could sing anything at a moment 's notice . ' the former soap opera actress was dressed casually in a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans . comfortable short beige boots and aviators completed her look . it seemed as if ripa had wet hair and hardly any makeup on . the beauty was carrying her coat as well as some papers , a cell phone and her purse . casual look : the former soap opera actress was dressed down in a yellow sweater and worn-in jeans . comfortable short beige boots and aviators completed her look . it seemed as if ripa had wet hair and hardly any makeup on . feeling the pain : on her show live with kelly & michael , the host told michael strahan that she will miss the doctor who had worked on the morning program . near tears : when appearing on her morning show she said , ' he was such a great man ... he was just a great person , a great friend , he will be missed - i can not tell you how much i will miss him . i will miss him every day of my life ' . heartfelt : the personality added , ' if you love someone tell them every day that you love them because you do n't know if you will have that opportunity ... . it 's sad . oh my gosh , he was just the best . he would sing to you while he put botox in your face - any song you wanted . he could sing anything at a moment 's notice ' . the day before the new yorker tweeted her condolences for dr brandt , 65 , who was highly-regarded for his cosmetic work across the industry . madonna and stephanie seymour were clients . ' my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. fredric brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer , ' the star wrote . her husband mark consuelos , retweeted choreographer isaac calpito 's post , which read : ' devastated over the loss of our dear friend @ drfredricbrandt . you are missed . you are loved . the world has lost one of its kindest souls . ' they were close : dr brandt was remembered by ripa ( left with the surgeon in 2011 ) in a tweet on monday following his tragic suicide at his miami home on sunday . comedian and former the view star , joy behar , tweeted on monday : ' dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with . he will be sorely missed . ' the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging . an autopsy was scheduled on monday , the coroner confirmed . miami herald columnist , lesley abravanel had said brandt had been ' devastated ' recently over rumors comparing him to a character on the netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt . her note : the 44-year-old beauty 's tweet said , ' my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. fredric brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer ' . abravanel , a miami herald columnist , posted a series of tweets on sunday claiming that he had been ' devastated ' by unflattering comparisons to dr franff on the unbreakable kimmy schmidt , according to sources close to the doctor . the doctor 's longtime publicist jacquie tractenberg told the new york post on monday : ' the show definitely deeply hurt him , he was being made fun of because of the way he looks . ' it is mean , and it was bullying . but the show was not the reason for his depression , and it was not the reason he would take his own life . ' the tractenberg & co pr agency did not immediately respond to a request for comment from daily mail online . was he bullied ? : dr brandt ( left ) has a resemblance to dr franff ( right ) , a character on tina fey 's netflix show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt . he was reportedly ' devastated ' by the portrayal . his colleague , dr robert anolik , who worked with brandt at his practice , posted a moving tribute on monday . the acclaimed dermatologist wrote : ' dr . fredric brandt died yesterday . for nearly 5 years , fred and i worked side by side . he was far more than a colleague to me . he was a close friend . i will miss him every day . ' the doctor was found dead at his coconut grove mansion in miami by his housekeeper where he lived alone . she called 911 at 9.17am , according to a police statement . the miami-dade county medical examiner department confirmed that an autopsy will be conducted on monday . the new york post also wrote a column last month comparing the real-life doctor to the fictional doctor on tina fey 's hit comedy . ' sources : dr fredric brandt was `` devastated '' over comparisons to the protagonist on tina fey’s new netflix show , “ unbreakable kimmy schmidt '' , ' abravanel tweeted . behar tweeted on monday : ' dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with . he will be sorely missed ' . an eye for art : dr brandt , a cosmetic dermatologist and well-known art collector pictured in front of a piece from his collection at his apartment in new york city on march 7 , 2014 . dr franff only appears in one episode , titled ' kimmy goes to the doctor ! ' , of the first season . the character shares dr brandt’s smooth skin , platinum blond hair and enthusiasm for plastic surgery , but his door sign claims he’s a ‘ board certified d , ds , ddsobgyn’ , rather than a cosmetic dermatologist . the dr franff character is depicted on the netflix show with a high-pitched laugh and unable to speak certain words due to his plastic surgery . he is also seen drinking from a surgical bag and reinflates his own face after being punched . netflix had no comment when contacted by daily mail online . dr brandt was famed for his appearance , which displayed many of his dermatology techniques . in a 2014 profile in the new york times , he said that his goal was to ' restore the face to harmony ' . ' i approach each face with a visual perception , an artistic perception and a medical perception , ' he said . the article , which described the doctor as an ' unnervingly ageless-looking personage ' , said that he was sought out by the rich and famous for his signature y lifts , where fillers are injected below the cheekbones . abravanel said that sources told her dr brandt was ' devastated ' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on unbreakable kimmy schmidt . the plastic surgeon , dr franff , in the netflix comedy , is played by comedy veteran martin short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life dr brandt . in one scene , where the lead character kimmy almost gets plastic surgery , the doctor is seen drinking from a hamster feeder . martin short had a small role as dr franff in one episode of the tv show 's first season . when he is punched by the main character , kimmy , as she struggles to escape the plastic surgeon 's chair , his face dents like putty - which he then inflates with an air tube . dr franff appears in episode four of the first and only season of unbreakable kimmy schmidt . he 's a botox-loving plastic surgeon played by martin short . the show follows a kimmy ( ellie kemper ) , who was rescued from an underground bunker after years of being held hostage by a cult leader . she then is hired to be a nanny for the step-children of socialite jacqueline ( jane krakowski ) . in the fourth episode of the show , jacqueline visits dr franff to discuss a ' foot lift ' of sorts because she believes that ' feet are the new butts ' . in the fourth episode of the netflix show 's first and only season , dr franff makes a short appearance as a cosmetic doctor who consults with kimmy ( ellie kemper ) and jacqueline ( jane krakowski , pictured ) . dr franff 's almost-overly smooth skin and platinum blond hair share a resemblance with that of dr fredric brandt , who is known for being the cosmetic dermatologist of stars including madonna and stephanie seymour . franff is portrayed as a deranged doctor , whose face is so frozen from plastic surgery and other procedures that he even has trouble forming words at times . in the episode , he cheerily suggests several barbaric-sounding surgeries for jacqueline , as well as on kimmy .