never mind john prescott 's ' two jags ' . thrifty motorists whose budgets wo n't stretch to the favourite luxury car of the labour peer might consider ' two dragons ' instead . for korea 's ssangyong is launching a new sports utility vehicle from under £13,000 that promises value for money motoring for drivers who believe in watching their pennies . but ssangyong ( korean for ' two dragons ' ) has given its new sporty five-door family runaround a very european name - tivoli - after the stylish italian town near rome , home to the villa d'este , a unesco world heritage site famed for its renaissance architecture and garden . ssangyong ( korean for ' two dragons ' ) is launching a value for money sports utility vehicle . pitched to take on the pumpedup nissan juke , the tivoli suv is powered by 1.6 litre euro 6 petrol and diesel engines with six speed manual and automatic transmissions . it arrives in the uk this summer in three trim levels - se , ex , elx - with a choice of front-wheel drive or ' intelligent ' 4x4 and seven airbags across the range . there 's also a five-year unlimited mileage warranty . the entry level se , from £12,950 , is finished in grey cloth trim and includes 16-in alloys , cruise control , a petrol stop/go system , seven airbags and ' smart ' steering with normal , comfort and sport modes . the top-of-the-range elx , from £16,000 to £19,000 , comes fully loaded with a choice of the full range of engines and gearboxes plus diamond cut alloy wheels , smart keyless starting , front and rear parking sensors , privacy glass , rear spoiler , automatic headlamps , rain sensing wipers , tomtom navigation system with 7 in touch screen and a rear-view camera . there is a choice of six exterior colours , and even a ' my tivoli ' personalisation programme which allows customers to create their own distinctive car . this includes the styling pack ( £400 ) which gives a choice of five two-tone roof combinations , plus further engine and drivetrain options . as well as offering lots of interior seating and storage space , it aims to offer driver and passengers easy connectivity to their it devices . sssangyong 's uk sales and marketing director steve gray expects it to double the firm 's annual uk sales from 2,000 to 4,000 a year . uk chief executive paul williams says : ' this is a car that will really put ssangyong on the map and change perceptions . ' citroen 's aircross model ( above ) has protective alloy bumps front and side . motorists of a certain age may recall those fondly remembered tv adverts from childhood for rufty-tufty tonka toys . these were virtually indestructible metal cars - usually 4x4s or trucks with massive wheels . the tv advert informed viewers : ' they build real tough toys , for real tough boys - tonka ! ' well , citroen seems to have taken its inspiration from them for its aircross model ( above ) . it even has protective alloy bumps front and side made from honeycomb aluminium castings surrounded by hard rubber . billed as a big brother to the current citroen c4 cactus , it was shown in prototype hybrid form at the shanghai motor show in china . citroen 's global boss , briton linda jackson , says her company has to regain the sort of design flair that created the 2cv : ' if we want stand-out cars , then we have to be bold . ' the prototype has a 1.6 litre petrol engine linked to an electric motor combining to create 313bhp . citroen claims a special boost function will help it accelerate from rest to 62mph in 4.5 seconds . do n't hold your breath . but many do see it as france 's answer to britain 's new land rover discovery sport . ii is almost time for the next goodwood festival of speed . tickets have now gone on sale for the event which runs from june 25 to 28 . the theme of 'flat-out and fearless : racing on the edge ' pays tribute to the drivers and constructors throughout history who ' threw caution to the wind in pursuit of victory ' . goodwood favourites : jackiestewart and his wife helen . the festival , billed as ' the world 's largest automotive garden party ' is held in the grounds of lord march 's goodwood house and estate near chichester , west sussex . it attracts the a-list of the world motor manufacturing chiefs , motor sport legends - from jenson button and lewis hamilton to sir stirling moss and sir jackie stewart - as well as showbiz celebrities in a way the original british motor show never could . more than 600 cars and motorcycles spanning the phenomenal history of motoring and motor sport take part alongside a ' moving motor show ' presented by the aa . the traditional central feature - a vast automotive-themed sculpture - will this year honour japanese car giant mazda 's contribution to motoring and motor sport in the year that the latest incarnation of its best-selling mx-5 sports car is launched . details and tickets : goodwood.com . race and road car designer professor gordon murray - who produced the legendary mclaren f1 supercar - is to collaborate with engine specialist osamu goto to create an ultracompact fuel-efficient vehicle for city use . but it has to run on conventional fuels such as petrol . the car , being sponsored by shell under the code-name ' project m ' is to be unveiled in november .