pep guardiola went into bayern munich 's champions league second-leg against porto under intensifying pressure after a 3-1 defeat in the first encounter . his side responded ruthlessly , obliterating porto - and guardiola 's doubters - with a relentless attacking display and a 6-1 scoreline at the allianz arena to reach the semi-final but it is not just the blistering offensive play that seizes the front pages in germany on wednesday . that honour is taken by guardiola 's trousers , which tore at the top of his leg during the game . bild ( left ) lead on pep guardiola 's trousers while kurier report on a ' fixed ' bayern munich after beating porto . guardiola had a tear in his trousers as he orchestrated bayern 's big win from the sidelines against porto . bild lead with the picture of guardiola 's trousers and the headline '6-1 ! it even bursts pep 's pants ! ' kurier took a more reserved approach the morning after the match , leading with the headline ' safety for fixed bayern ' . the reaction in portugal was much more damming after porto 's humiliating demolition . ' terror in munich ' reports abola , who reflect on a ' tragic half hour ' where bayern blitzed porto with three strikes to overturn to the 3-1 deficit , before going on to notch another three , reaching five at half-time . record simply lead with ' disaster ' on their front page , adding that porto had ' the worst defeat in their european history . ' abola ( left ) report on porto 's ' terror in munich ' while record called the defeat a ' disaster ' for the team . l'equipe lead with a ' giant ' evening approaching for monaco while barcelona ' fly into the semis ' . in france , l'equipe are building up to monaco 's quarter-final second leg against runaway serie a leaders juventus , who hold the advantage in tie with a 1-0 lead . the paper says ' it would be giant ' if monaco overturn the score and reach the semi-finals of the competition . in spain , mundo deportivo lead with barcelona ' flying into the semis ' after a 2-0 win over paris saint-germain at the nou camp sealed a 5-1 aggregate victory .