the ' spontaneous ' knife attack which killed a young man outside a pizza store in the early hours of easter monday could have been related to an earlier incident , police say . it is believed greg gibbins had helped a woman when she was being harassed earlier in the night , news.com.au reports . mr gibbins and his friends were at the beachcomber hotel in toukley on the central coast , nsw on sunday night before they went to a nearby eatery where he was stabbed in the chest . while investigations continue , police have charged a 20-year-old man with murder of the talented football player . scroll down for video . greg gibbins , 28 , went into cardiac arrest after he was seriously stabbed but later died in hospital on monday . police said that they believe the attack on mr gibbins was ' unprovoked ' and described him as being ' good citizen who had been behaving himself ' . police told news.com.au that they believe the attack on mr gibbins was ' unprovoked ' and described him as being ' good citizen who had been behaving himself ' . detective inspector david waddell says police are investigating whether the earlier incident involving a woman is linked to the fatal knife attack outside the local pizza shop . it was shortly after midnight when emergency services found mr gibbins and his 25-year-old friend with serious stab wounds at about 12.10am from the alleged random attack . the 28-year-old wyong roos rugby league club player was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died at gosford hospital . the 28-year-old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died . mr gibbins was a late bloomer who had recently secured a place training in his club 's nsw cup squad . a 20-year-old man , who police confirmed to daily mail australia as bradley james brooks , was arrested in nearby halekulani on monday night and charged with murder . he was refused bail and appeared in wyong local court on tuesday . brooks was remanded in custody until may , news.com.au reports . a friend became ' victim number two ' when he tried to help fatally injured mr gibbins . the 25-year-old also suffered stab wounds during the confrontation and is in hospital undergoing surgery . family and friends have paid their respect to a ' top bloke ' who loved travelling , sports and parties . this comes as grieving family and friends have taken to social media to pay tribute to mr gibbins . pictures from mr gibbins facebook account paints a ' top bloke ' who got along with everyone and loved travelling , partying and going to festivals and sporting events . mr gibbins , who works as a car spray painter , has prompted an outpouring grief from family , friends , colleagues and rugby team mates on his facebook account . one friend posted on facebook : ' rip gibbo such a lovely friend , it 's clear the amazing impact you made on everybody 's life , rest easy xx ' . a rugby team mate wrote : ' rest easy mate , was great to have played with and against you . a true gentleman that has obviously touched many . ' another said : ' rip my heart goes out to all your family and everyone that knew you . you were an amazing person . ' a school friend said : ' rip gibbo ... ..will always remember the `` lolly salad '' you made for me in primary school in your backyard , as our `` date '' ... .only the good die young buddy xx . ' while another friend wrote : ' you have left us way to early mate..thoughts go out to the gibbins family . rip gibbo ' . the 28-year-old was treated at the scene by paramedics before he went into cardiac arrest but later died . chief inspector rodney peet said at the time that police had not been able to pinpoint the catalyst for the confrontation . ' the victim was there , he was either chatting or waiting for some food , after the establishment across the road closed , ' he told aap . ' then almost spontaneously this other gentleman has come up and stabbed him in the chest . ' the offender fled the scene and police have n't found a weapon . detectives are looking at cctv footage at the hotel to establish if any incident inside the club may have prompted the fatal attack . emergency services found mr gibbins and his friend with serious stab wounds from an alleged random attack . mr gibbins and his friends were at the beachcomber hotel in toukley on the central coast on sunday night . when it came to his sport , mr gibbins was a late bloomer who had recently secured a place training in his club 's nsw cup squad . ' he was a very popular player among his peers , ' football manager matt lavin told aap . ' i ca n't say a bad word about him . it is an absolute tragedy and our heart goes out to greg and his family . ' mr lavin said the hooker started with the club in 2014 after playing for the nearby northern lakes warriors . ' he is fairly quiet and unassuming , he is not boisterous or a loud mouth , ' he said . ' it is not in his character to be involved in confrontation but that is just the tragic circumstances surrounding it unfortunately . ' investigations into the matter are continuing and police are now appealing for any witnesses who’ve not yet spoken with police to contact crime stoppers on 1800 333 000 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .