google paid its billionaire executive chairman eric schmidt nearly $ 109 million last year while the company 's stock slumped . most of the compensation consisted of stock valued at $ 100 million . it was the largest stock package that schmidt has received since 2011 when google inc. awarded him a bundle valued at $ 94 million at the time he relinquished the ceo 's job to company co-founder larry page . documents filed with regulators thursday also disclosed that page and the company 's other founder , sergey brin , limited their 2014 pay to $ 1 each , as has been their practice for years . payday : google paid its billionaire executive chairman eric schmidt nearly $ 109 million last year while the company 's stock slumped , it 's been revealed . schmidt also pocketed a $ 1.25 million salary , a $ 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $ 1 million . his total pay last year soared by more than five-fold from 2013 when his google compensation was valued at $ 19.3 million . the hefty raise came in a year that saw google 's stock drop by 5 percent amid investor concerns about the company 's big spending on far-flung projects . analysts have also questioned whether google will be able to maintain its dominance in internet search as more people rely on smartphones instead of personal computers to access digital content . the downturn in google 's stock contrasted with an 11 percent gain in the standard & poor 's 500 index last year . schmidt , 59 , already is among the world 's richest people with an estimated fortune of $ 9 billion , according to forbes . most of his wealth has been built on the google stock that he began accumulating when he became the mountain view , california , company 's ceo in 2001 . the associated press calculates executive compensation by including salary , bonuses , perks , above-market interest that the company pays on deferred compensation , and the estimated value of stock and stock options awarded during the year . it does not include changes in the present value of pension benefits , so the ap total can differ slightly from the total reported by company . most of schmidt 's compensation consisted of stock valued at $ 100 million . he also pocketed a $ 1.25 million salary , a $ 6 million bonus and perks valued at nearly $ 1 million .