brendan rodgers has vowed to do ' what is best ' for daniel sturridge as the liverpool striker 's injury misery shows no sign of relenting . sturridge will again be absent for tuesday night 's trip to hull and while rodgers will not take the drastic step of calling time on his campaign , he remains unsure whether the england international will play again this season . the 25-year-old missed five months with calf and thigh issues and he is now battling to overcome a hip problem that was sustained in the 2-1 defeat to manchester united on march 22 . daniel sturridge may not play again this season because of a series of calf and thigh injuries . sturridge will miss liverpool 's trip to face hull city on tuesday night because of injury problems . rodgers concedes it has been a difficult year for sturridge but maintains liverpool 's medical department will continue to nurse him back to full fitness ; the manager is also determined to bring in players to ease the burden on him next season . ' it had been difficult for daniel , ' said rodgers . ' he wants to work and play . we are just going to have to monitor it . he is a good lad and when he had been fit , he has been brilliant for us . ' he is not available , we will do what is in the best interest of him . he is going to be here for the next number of years . ' there are always names associated . it is certainly something that we need to address . daniel is top class but we need to give him help . ' you are nearly talking about a 100 per cent deficit . we have had 14 clean sheets . that side of the game has been addressed but we need to improve the critical area . ' manchester united 's defeat at everton on sunday has , in the words of louis van gaal , given liverpool ' a glimmer of light ' in the race for the top four and united 's advantage could be down to one point by the time they next play . brendan rodgers is adamant he will strengthen this summer and is keen on signing memphis depay . west brom defender craig dawson tugs raheem sterling 's shirt as he challenges him for the ball . sterling is sent tumbling to the turf by a sliding tackle from west brom defender dawson at the hawthorns . italian striker mario balotelli keeps his eyes focused on the ball on a rare start for liverpool at the hawthorns . for that to happen , liverpool will need to beat both hull and queens park rangers and , suddenly , the 0-0 draw they had against west brom on saturday looks very costly but rodgers has promised his players will not give up the chase . ' it will be a tough game at hull , ' said rodgers . ' the idea is to go and get the victory to put the pressure on the teams above . ' we dominated the ball so much at west brom , we expected to win the game . i was pleased with how the players applied themselves . liverpool midfielder jordan ibe holds off west brom 's chris brunt during a goalless draw at the hawthorns . liverpool midfielder philippe coutinho has a shot from just inside west brom 's half after a poor clearance . ' we were relentless in our pressure but we could n't find the breakthrough . we have set our new goals for the remainder of the season . ' if we can win the games , that will put pressure on . united have a clear advantage but all we can do is look after ourselves . rodgers , who revealed there are no further update on new contracts for martin skrtel and jordon ibe , added : ' it is always good to finish the season strong . we want to fight right until the very end against stoke . ' balotelli finds himself surrounded by joleon lescott and gareth mcauley during another goalless afternoon . brazilian midfielder coutinho fails to score with an ambitious volley late in the second half .  