after patrick bamford , joe garner and danny mayor were crowned their division 's player of the year on sunday , the football league has revealed the players who were nipping at their heels for the honour . on-loan chelsea striker bamford 's efforts at middlesbrough were rewarded with the championship award , as voted by sky bet football league club managers , with his team-mates grant leadbitter and lee tomlin also in the second tier 's top 10 . ipswich town 's daryl murphy was second in the voting ahead troy deeney , whose been in top form for championship leaders watford , in a list dominated by attacking players . championship player of the year patrick bamford beat daryl murphy and troy deeney for the honour . the football league revealed the top ten players in each of their divisions based on votes by managers . ipswich town 's daryl murphy was second in the voting after finding the net 24 times this season . troy deeney , with 20 goals for championship leaders watford this campaign , was third in voting . callum wilson in fourth is the first of three bournemouth players with midfielders grant leadbitter ( seventh ) and harry arter ( 10th ) along with derby 's chris martin ( sixth ) and brentford 's alex pritchard ( eighth ) . for the top tens , each manager was asked to choose their top five players from this season in order before their rankings were collated to make up the final list . following preston north end 's garner in league one 's top ten was mk dons ' dele alli , the star striker signed by tottenham and loaned back to the club for the season who picked up sunday 's young player of the year award . bristol city winger luke freeman was third in the voting with the work of aden flint ( fifth ) , joe bryan ( seventh ) and luke ayling ( ninth ) , with it hard not to assume the league one leaders were victims of their own success with so many standout players splitting the vote . dele alli , the football league 's young player of the year , finished second behind joe garner in league one . four from league one 's standout club , bristol city , made the shortlist for the division 's best player . also listed are swindon town 's australian midfielder massimo luongo ( fifth ) and defender nathan byrne ( eighth ) , sheffield united 's jamie murphy and pne 's leicester loanee paul gallagher ( 10th ) . second-placed shrewsbury town had three players on the league two top 10 behind bury 's winner danny mayor , with ryan woods second , james collins seventh and bobby grant ninth . wycombe 's alfie mawson was third while portsmouth and leaders burton albion each had two inclusions - jed wallace ( fourth ) and matt tubbs ( fifth ) for pompey and stuart beavon ( sixth ) and john mousinho ( eighth ) for the brewers . reuben reid for plymouth argyle rounded out the list . shrewsbury town had three inclusions in the league two list behind winner danny mayor , of bury .    