' discrimination ' : gerry pickens , 28 , is suing orting , washington , for firing him . he decided to file a suit after vandals sprayed racist graffiti on his car . the first black man ever to be hired as a police officer in a small northwestern town had his suv sprayed with the n-word over a planned racial discrimination case against town authorities . gerry pickens , 28 , was fired by the chief of police in orting , washington , after just under a year on the town 's police force - an act he claims is motivated by racism . pickens was more used to drugs busts and violent robberies at his previous posting in atlanta , georgia - but took a pay cut and moved to quiet orting , which has just 11 police officers . however , before his probation year was out , pickens said he had become the butt of racist jokes from residents and his fellow cops - and was eventually fired for reasons he says are down to the color of his skin . the situation came to a head earlier this year , when he woke to find his car daubed with racist graffiti , seemingly prompted by fears he would sue over his dismissal . the vehicle , a ford explorer , was filmed by local news station kiro in the wake of the racist act . on one side , 'n****r ' had been sprayed in huge letters . the other side read : ' sue cheif [ sic ] and pay ' . he later told the king5 tv station : ' i 'm in fear for my life because i do n't know who in orting is out to get me ' . the incident , at the end of january this year , came to light again after the washington post published a long account of pickens ' time in orting , detailing some of what he sees as racist treatment . ' sue cheif and pay ' : vandals sprayed a misspelled message on the right hand side of pickens ' car dissuading him from legal action . the other side reads 'n****r ' he told reporter eli saslow that shortly after he started a member of the public played a practical joke on him by calling 911 to report a ' black juvenile ' driving a police car after they saw pickens on patrol . officers turned it into a joke , continuing to refer to him as the ' black juvenile ' . he was also reportedly called a ' token black guy ' by colleagues , and feels his vacation requests were handled differently . he also said he was treated unfairly over a complaint that he used a local gym without paying . the allegation - which , according to the news tribune , was later dropped , saw him suspended from duty . around the same time , pickens said , a white officer was subject to an excessive force complaint , but was allowed to keep policing the whole time . small town : orting , a washington town with a population of 8,000 , had never had a black cop before pickens . ' token black guy ' : pickens says that fellow officers picked on him and that he was given harsher treatment than other officers by his superiors . a letter sent to orting police by pickens 's attorney also said that after he left the force , the chief of police , bill drake , ' slandered ' his former employee when asked for references by other forces . it claims he ' prevented him from future employment as a police officer . ' drake said he could n't comment on that allegation due to the impeding legal case . however , the initial letter confirming that pickens would be fired cited ' unsatisfactory performance ' . other reasons suggested include filing incomplete reports , taking too long responding to an important traffic stop , going home while on duty and not helping an officer in a ' physical altercation ' . allegations : included in a $ 5million lawsuit is an allegation that orting police chief bill drake ' slandered ' pickens and stopped him from getting new jobs . according to the post , pickens has now filed a suit demanding $ 5million from orting - a figure which is more than double the town 's annual budget and would equal a payout of around $ 625 from every single resident . the vandalism of pickens ' car , which is being investigated by a different force to avoid conflicts of interest with orting police , remains unsolved . dailymail.com has contacted pickens and orting police for comment .  