they 're supposed to be the ones who take the rubbish away . but in one residential street , a local refuse collector has been exposed as a rogue litterer , dumping plastic bin bags in an alleyway . his antics were captured on cctv installed by frustrated residents in oldham , manchester , who had noticed the rubbish piling up . residents confused over who had been dumping bags full of rubbish in an alley next to their street were stunned when cctv revealed a binman . rather than load the bags into his lorry , the bin man was filmed lifting them out of dustbins along park road in glodwick before tossing them down an alley . another cctv video shows council workers arriving in the same alleyway days later . they searched the contents of the bags before placing stickers on each of them warning residents they could face fines of up to £50,000 for not having disposed of rubbish properly . it was captured on video installed by resident zed liaqat who , along with others on the street , thought one of their neighbours had been dumping the bags there . ' for at least a year now we have had an issue with rubbish bags being dumped in the alleyway , ' said mr liaqat . ' there is always a pile of them there , cars drive over them because it is quite a busy passageway and the bags end up splitting and rubbish flies everywhere . ' for all this time i , along with fellow residents , assumed it was one of our neighbours and it has actually caused a bit of tension because we thought someone was doing this on their own doorstep . ' the footage showed the binman lifting the bags out o wheelie bins before throwing them to the side . adnan islam 's father had been sent a letter by the council inviting him to a recorded interview over the issue before the cctv was obtained . after watching the footage mr liaqat was shocked to discover it had been council workers that were fly-tipping all along . ' when i watched it i was gobsmacked , it was a binman . you would have never thought it would be the people who are supposed to take the rubbish away . ' as a community we are shocked , something has to be done about this . ' some of the residents had been sent letters threatening legal action if the rubbish was not cleared up . adnan islam , who also lives on park road , revealed how his dad received such letter which invited him to a taped interview at oldham council offices with a view to having the matter dealt with in magistrates ' court . ' this has really worried my dad . the letter mentions court and says he will be arrested if he doesn¹t attend the interview , ' said mr islam . ' after watching the video i have no doubt this is why my dad has been accused . ' when i saw the video i was stunned . we take pride in our area so we want answers . ' local councillor arooj shah said ' individuals ' such as those shown in the video ' ruin it for everyone ' . an oldham council spokesman said the issue was being dealt with ' extremely seriously ' . ' our staff must also lead by example . we are taking this matter extremely seriously and investigating it . ' we will not hesitate to take appropriate disciplinary action , where necessary , ' helen lockwood , oldham council¹s executive director for co-operatives and neighbourhoods , said . oldham council had slapped stickers on the bin bags because they were not properly disposed of . it said it was investigating the footage .   