most people would sensibly keep their distance from a pool full of alligators - but this astonishing footage shows one adrenaline junkie precariously navigating a slackline over more than 50 of the hungry reptiles . jason mcdonald , 34 , from aurora , colorado , walked the thin rope line over a pool containing more the alligators - some which measure up to ten feet in length - at the colorado gator farm . crematory manager mr mcdonald , who volunteers at the farm , has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes , said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures . scroll down for video . jason mcdonald walked the thin slackline rope over a pool containing more than 50 hungry alligators . ' i got the idea after watching my friend josh beaudoin , who likes to walk slacklines several hundred feet up in the air , ' he said . ' i knew i was n't at that level yet but that i could put my own spin on it and walk over gators . ' the gators are surprisingly ok with the slackline . ' the first time we set it up they approached but did n't get very close . this time it did n't seem to bother them at all . ' mr mcdonald said that while his parents have reservations about his daring antics , he has plans to take his hobby further . mr mcdonald mounts the slackrope above the alligators pond where more than 50 of the reptiles live . two of the pond 's inhabitants appeared to be particularly intrigued by the development overhead . mr mcdonald took this shot which shows the disconcertingly narrow slackrope - and watching alligator . mr mcdonald said he thought this would be an interesting new way of interacting with the fearsome creatures . ' my mother wants me to be careful and remember i 'm a father but she also knows i 'm good at working with the gators - and although it can be dangerous i do it as safely as possible , ' he said . ' going forward we want to walk over elvis or morris , our two biggest gators on the farm . ' i also think it would be cool to walk over the top of our albino gators since that would be hard to recreate since we have four , and not many people even have one albino . ' mr mcdonald , who has been volunteering at the farm for 10 years , had never been bitten before last month - when an 8ft alligator clamped down on his hand for more than 10 minutes . mr mcdonald , who treats and cares for the rescued animals , performs tricks for visitors to the farm in his spare time . he became involved with colorado gators when he signed up for a wrestling class . colorado gators started out as a fish farm but in 1987 its owners decided to buy 100 baby gators as a means of disposing of guts and carcasses . mr mcdonald has been involved with alligators for over ten years and has taken handling classes . he said his parents have reservations about his daring antics - but he has plans to take his hobby further .