we have most friends at the age of 26 after having spent the first quarter of our lives building up our friendship circle , a new study has revealed . the report into friendship showed that our social circle peaks at 26 years and seven months , at which we typically have five close friends . women are most popular at 25 years and 10 months , with men hitting the friendship high point a little later at 27 years and three months . women are most popular at 25 years of age , while men hit the friendship high a little later at 27 . file image used . the research , by greetings card firm forever friends , shows that a third of adults ( 36 per cent ) met their closest friends while at school with a fifth ( 22 per cent ) saying they met them at work . social networks such as facebook and twitter now also play a major role in nurturing new friendships . the study found that 25 to 34-year-olds make 22 friends via facebook , compared to 18 to 24-year-olds who make 12 , and 35 to 44-year-olds who will have made just four . forever friends relationship coach sam owen said : ' it is no coincidence that over a third of us meet our best friends at school . ' it is a key time in our lives where friendships are grown through sharing notes , giving gifts , seeing each other regularly and laughing a lot . ' as adults we can often forget how powerful these small things are and how the little things can make a difference . small gestures are just as important as big ones . 1 . trustworthy - 85 per cent . 2 . loyal - 79 per cent . 3 . funny - 62 per cent . 4 . respectful - 57 per cent . 5 . have a love of travel - 15 per cent . 6 . thick skinned - 13 per cent . 7 . a good taste in music so we can go to the same gigs - 12 per cent . 8 . generous so they can be treated to things - nine per cent . 9 . stylish - seven per cent . 10 . attractive and popular with the opposite sex - six per cent . ' with growing external pressures being put on friendships these days , it 's important to nurture and make time for our friendships . ' if we could only do one additional thing a week to show we care and love our friends , it would create a stronger framework for the future . ' later in life we find ourselves losing friends . over half ( 54 per cent ) of us have lost friendships through moving , while 36 per cent say that over time they grew apart from close pals . having children has also caused 19 per cent to drift away from childless friends . and new relationships play a big role in finding - and keeping - friends , with one in 10 people ( 11 per cent ) saying their friendship circles had expanded due to a new relationship and 10 per cent revealing their partner did not approve of some . the study also looked into the amount of friends we would like to have . it found that the average brit has four close friends , but ideally we want six . tellingly , almost half ( 48 per cent ) of women and 39 per cent of men have at least one secret they share with their best friend , which they would never tell their partner .  