a professional kate middleton lookalike has said the royal mother dresses ' too boring ' for her age - and admits that she fancies prince harry more than william . jodie bredo , 26 , from essex , has been a kate lookalike for six years and wishes the duchess of cambridge would ' change her hair for once ' - suggesting she opt for a bob style . jodie , who is now single after splitting from her boyfriend , said of the duchess , who is expecting her second child : 'kate’s just too frumpy for her age . scroll down for video . she often does jobs with a prince william lookalike ( left ) but says she fancies the younger prince harry more . jodie bredo , 26 , ( pictured ) has been a professional kate middleton lookalike for the past six years . ' i know i 'm seven years younger than her but she should dress more fun . i like wearing fitted dresses and showing my figure off . i’d love her to get something more fashionable like a bob . ' miss bredo admits she does not fancy prince william and is not tempted to have her own happy ending like the royal couple . she said : ' i do lots of jobs with a william lookalike , but i don’t see him like that . prince harry 's the better one . his bad boy image is more for me . ' although her counterpart is in the lindo wing at st mary 's hospital in london currently awaiting her second child , miss bredo is not keen to start a family herself . the glamorous essex resident said : ' i 've recently broken up with a long-term boyfriend so i’m not thinking about babies . 'kate’s new baby isn’t making me broody , ' said the lookalike ( with her nephew louis ) . ' i 've got two nephews and one 's the same age as prince george - but it’s nice to hand them back to their mum at the end ' . ' i know i’m seven years younger than her but she should dress more fun , ' said miss bredo ( left ) . ' i like wearing fitted dresses and showing my figure off ' . 'kate’s new baby isn’t making me broody . i’ve got two nephews and one 's the same age as prince george - but it’s nice to hand them back to their mum at the end . ' miss bredo started her career after noticing her resemblance to the duchess of cambridge . she was routinely stopped in the street when kate first came into the public eye while dating prince william . she said : ' i was shopping in debenhams with my mum when this woman came running after us . ' i thought i’d left something , but she just said , `` i have to tell you , you look so much after kate middleton . '' ' even at the opticians having my eyes tested , the optometrist told me i looked like her . miss bredo ( left , with her mum and sister ) began her career after people kept commenting on her likeness to kate middleton . she sent an email to a lookalike agency with her photographs in 2009 and was hired for a shoot in tatler . ' my family were on holiday in cyprus and kate was in the newspaper . my mum told me i looked like her and needed to do something with it . ' miss bredo sent an email to a lookalike agency with her photographs in 2009 . she said : ' i was accepted but didn’t hear from them about any jobs . i wasn’t too bothered . i was working as a personal assistant at the time and didn’t think about it . ' in march 2009 , i had a call from them saying i had my first job . when they said it was for tatler magazine , i couldn’t believe it . ' i took the day off and had to go to aintree races , the shoot was based around what they thought kate should be wearing . i was in these mad outfits . ' this one dress had plastic panelling all down the arms so i could n't even move my arm to have a drink . ' after the royal couple’s engagement in october 2010 , miss bredo ( third from left ) began working as a lookalike full-time . after the royal couple’s engagement in october 2010 , miss bredo began working as a lookalike full-time . she said : ' i had so many calls i was doing four to five days a week , appearing at corporate events and doing shoots . ' it was really strange , people wanting a picture with me , but i got into it and really had fun . ' miss bredo studies kate’s mannerisms as well as following her beauty regime . she said : ' i have regular trims to keep my hair looking good , every two months and curl the ends the same as kate . ' her signature look is a lot of black eyeliner so i get through that really quickly . ' i spend £30 a month buying black eyeliner . my favourite brand is bare minerals . she has regular trims to keep her hair in good shape , spends £30 a month on black eyeliner , has regular manicures and buys clothes that are distinctly ' kate ' . since the duchess gave birth to prince george last year , miss bredo ( middle ) has had plenty of shoots with tots and has even has to wear a baby bump . ' she also wears very harsh blusher and has natural nails so i give myself regular manicures . ' miss bredo spends hours searching for the duchess on the internet so she can keep up-to-date with her wardrobe . she said : ' if she’s wearing something new , i’ll try and find it but it’s usually sold out instantly . ' i know what kind of clothes she’ll wear now . ' when i’m going clothes shopping i’ll choose some things that i think are `` kate . '' ' i picked up this black and white spotted dress and my mum did n't think it was something the duchess of cambridge would wear . ' then i saw a picture of her when she was pregnant with george – it was the same one i’d bought . ' i think she’s copying me now . ' kate middleton ( pictured in london on 12 march ) is due to give birth to her second child with prince william any day now . miss bredo usually appears with a william lookalike and their after-work drinks get plenty of attention . she said : ' you can tell people are staring and some people take sneaky pictures of us . ' but a lot of people come up and ask to take a picture , it’s funny we’re just two friends having a drink . ' even on my own i get lots of double takes – especially if i’m in london . ' since the duchess gave birth to prince george , aged one , miss bredo has had plenty of shoots with tots . she said : 'i’ve got used to holding babies now and when i do events they provide me with a bump . 'i’m looking to forward to losing that now she’s having the baby . ' 