a saudi arabian man has been arrested at the mexican border after attempting to flee the country to avoid facing rape charges in utah . monsour alshammari , 27 , is in the u.s. on a saudi government student sponsorship and has ties to the country 's royal family , according to court documents . he was picked up by u.s. immigration and customs enforcement on friday and a judge in provo signed an arrest warrant on monday to extradite him back to utah . monsour alshammari , 27 , was arrested on friday at the border near san diego . he is set to be extradited back to utah where he faces charges related to the rape of a student in february . alshammari had been charged on april 3 with rape , a first-degree felony , and obstructing justice , a second-degree felony . he has not yet entered a plea to those charges . prosecutors believe alshammari was attempting to flee the country with no concern for the $ 100,000 someone posted for his bail . he is being held at a facility in san diego until he can be extradited to utah . orem police lt. craig martinez said that process could take several weeks . utah police said in court documents that they want alshammari held without bail in utah because they believe his international connections and willingness to walk away from $ 100,000 bail mean he 'll flee the country to avoid prosecution . ' if you are bailing out , you are not supposed to leave the state – let alone the country , ' deputy utah county attorney craig johnson told ksl.com . ' if he had been successful , there is no way for us to extradite him back to utah – especially with his ties to the royal family . ' alshammari was arrested in march , nearly a month after a woman reported to police she had been raped , while on a date . the victim led police to alshammari at this apartment complex near utah valley university . he was booked into the utah county jail on march 26 , but $ 100,000 in bail was posted for him five days later . alshammari 's attorney ron yengich declined to comment on tuesday , saying he had not talked with his client since the arrest . when asked about alshammari 's connections to the saudi arabian royal family , yengich said he would not speak about any relationship or connections due to attorney client privilege . police did not offer details about the royal connection , besides saying that federal officials reported alshammari is related to royalty and has family connections to the saudi arabian government .   