secretary of state john kerry ' is delusional ' if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they did n't and get away with it , says the chairman of the senate armed services committee , john mccain . ' i think john kerry tried to come back and sell a bill of goods , hoping maybe that the iranians wouldn’t say much about it , ' the republican lawmaker told radio host hugh hewitt during his thursday program . mccain , responding to the supreme leader of iran's proclamation yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is ' instant , ' said he had ' sympathy ' for iranian ayatollah ali khamenei , because kerry ' must have known ' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord ' and yet chose to interpret it in another way . ' launching a rare attack from his official white house twitter account , president barack obama 's spokesman josh earnest in turn said it was 'naïve and reckless ' for mccain ' to believe every word of the supreme leader 's political speech . ' ' he should n't , ' earnest added . and the president 's deputy national security adviser told reporters traveling with the administration abroad that it 's ' very clear and understood that sanctions relief will be phased . ' secretary of state john kerry ' is delusional ' if he expected to claim the iranians agreed to the phased lifting of sanctions as part of a nuclear deal when they did n't and get away with it , says the chairman of the senate armed services committee , john mccain . kerry , is flanked here by president barack obama and national security adviser susan rice at the bilateral meeting between president obama and panamanian president juan carlos varela today in panama city , panama . the obama administration is in panama to attend the vii summit of the americas . ' the fact of the matter is , we have framework , ' rhodes said , according to the associate press . ' the president has said if the details do n't bear out , we wo n't have a deal . ' obama , kerry , national security adviser susan rice and other members of the president 's kitchen cabinet are in panama for the summit of the americas . backed into a corner by reporters , the white house on monday indicated that negotiators left switzerland last week without coming to an agreement about the pace at which sanctions would be removed . the administration had stated in a fact sheet that nuclear-related sanctions would be ' suspended ' if iran complied with the terms of the deal . the president said in a live statement they would be ' phased ' out over time . the framework , however , he said would remain in place so sanctions could be snapped back into place if need be . iran 's foreign minister , javad zarif , immediately cast a cloud over the united state's assertions , pointing out that the statement released by the united states ' negotiating partners made no reference to either the gradual lifting of sanctions . zarif indicated that his country was under the interpretation was that sanctions would be ' terminated . ' asked the next day about zarif 's claims , the lead spokeswoman for the state department shrugged them off and said she was n't too concerned with how iranian leaders sold the deal in their own country . barraged with questions at his monday briefing about who was lying - the u.s. or iran - white house press secretary josh earnest suggested that the timing of sanctions relief remained a topic of discussion - a major revelation given the dispute 's potential for derailing a written agreement . khamenei reaffirmed on thursday his country 's vow not to sign an agreement unless negotiators kowtow to iran 's demands and promise the ' instant annulment of all sanction , ' according to a translation . iranian president hassan rouhani similarly said , ' we will not sign any agreement , unless all economic sanctions are totally lifted on the first day of the implementation of the deal . ' khamenei further stated iran would not allow an ' unconventional inspection or monitoring . ' ' foreign monitoring on # iran 's security isn’t allowed , ' he said on twitter . speaking to reporters in panama today , rhodes also dismissed iranian officials ' rhetoric about the agreement as spin . ' they have their own hardliners who are skeptical of this deal , ' he said . ' the test of whether or not that framework can be memorialized is not a comment on any given day by an iranian leader , the test will be if by the end of june we have a document . ' responding to the supreme leader of iran 's announcement yesterday that there would be no formal pact unless sanctions relief is ' instant , ' mccain , above , said he had ' sympathy ' for iranian ayatollah ali khamenei , because kerry ' must have known ' what the perimeters were for a long-term accord ' and yet chose to interpret it in another way ' . mccain ripped into former colleague kerry on hewitt 's radio show for mischaracterizing preliminary talks with iran . 'it’s probably in black and white that the ayatollah is probably right , ' mccain said . ' john kerry is delusional . ' continuing , the arizona senator said , ' i think you’re going to find out that they had never agreed to the things that john kerry claimed that they had . ' ' so in a way , i can’t blame the ayatollah , because i don’t think they ever agreed to it . ' republican senator mark kirk on thursday said , 'it’s increasingly clear that iran , in fact , failed to reach agreement with the united states and its partners on a political framework that addresses all parameters of a comprehensive agreement . ' at best , iran agreed to disagree with the united states on key nuclear weapons-related issues and to continue talks , ' the illinois lawmaker said . mccain told hewitt kerry 's behavior ' reveals that a number of things ' about his ' negotiating capabilities and also his candor with the american people . ' he also said he believes senate republicans are ' extremely close ' to winning enough democrats ' support to push through a veto-proof bill giving congress the power to review the formal deal with iran that is scheduled to materialize by june 30 . khamenei further stated that iran would not allow an ' unconventional inspection or monitoring ' . even with out that legislation , mccain claimed that the senate has the constitutional authority to reject an accord because it is technically treaty . obama should ' read the constitution of the united states , ' mccain said . this is clearly a treaty . ' and even if the president ' disregards the constitution ' mccain said - ' which he certainly did with executive orders concerning immigration ' - congress should have a say in an issue of this scale . south carolina senator lindsey graham , a member of the armed services committee who is exploring a presidential run , said in a statement friday afternoon that ' the ayatollah and president obama appear to be talking about two separate agreements . ' unfortunately , i can’t say i’m surprised , ' he added . ' president obama wants a deal way too badly , and his administration has been trying to sell a deal which may not actually exist . ' graham said the obama administration should tell iran ' in no uncertain terms – that should we come to an actual agreement between both parties , sanctions relief will not be immediate . ' ' any realistic agreement must preclude sanctions relief from being granted until iran proves it has ended its military nuclear program . ' drawing on khamenei 's comment about supervision , graham said he would ' never ' lend his support to a deal that does n't allow for inspections ' anytime and anywhere . ' with 'iran’s history of cheating , ' he said , ' it would be incredibly dangerous not to require iran to abide by an ‘anytime-anywhere’ inspections regime . '