green party leader natalie bennett has been forced to distance herself from a bizarre online site run by her boyfriend . jim jepps used a blog called the daily maybe to defend ' rape fantasies ' , describe paedophiles as ' complex human beings ' and question why teachers who have relationships with pupils are put on the sex offenders register . the couple met five years ago when ms bennett contacted him to correct something he had written about her , but now the green party stresses they do not ' want to be associated ' with his internet rants . scroll down for video . green party leader natalie bennett has distanced herself from the bizarre blog posts of her boyfriend jim jepps , insisting he is a ' private individual not involved in party politics ' . ms bennett 's profile has soared in recent months , buoyed by rising poll ratings and green party membership in england passing 60,000 for the first time . however , little is known about her private life , in contrast to the spouses of david cameron , ed miliband and nick clegg who have been frequently seen on the campaign trail . ms bennett has been dating mr jepps for five years , after meeting online . he continued blogging on the daily maybe site until 2011 . he quit the socialist workers party in around 2003 and later joined the greens . bizarrely , he left the party in 2012 , the year ms bennett replaced the more high-profile caroline lucas as green leader . on his website , mr jepps appears to have deliberately courted controversy with a series of controversial blog posts , often related to sex , rape or paedophiles . in one post , seen by mailonline , he joked that gay sex is not a sin ' unless you do it really well or claim it on expenses ' . in 2007 , he tackled a news story about demands for music books written by a paedophile to be withdrawn , because the recorder lessons were used to groom victims . mr jepps wrote : ' we can burn these books as a public statement against the author ( who is in jail for his crimes ) or try to understand that whatever monstrous acts individuals commit they are still complex human beings for all that . ' good , evil , interesting and banal by turns - not devils who can taint everything they touch with evil . ' he also dismissed a case in which a blogger was charged with obscenity for writing an article imagining the kidnap and murder of the pop group girls aloud . ' either i 'm hopelessly jaded or getting depraved and corrupted is a lot duller than i remember… personally i did n't find it that shocking . ' mr jepps quit the green party in 2012 , the same year ms bennett became leader after replacing caroline lucas ( left ) . according to the sunday mirror another posting included : ' new poll : sex with pupils - good idea/bad idea ? personally i 'm ambivalent and would appreciate any guidance . ' it seems to me the sex offenders register is a sledgehammer to crack a nut sometimes . when you have a teacher who kissed a 17-year-old placed on the same register as gary glitter it does make you wonder how useful the list is , no matter how creepy that teacher might be . ' another post entitled ' even monsters have feelings ' is said to have covered the case of austrian schoolgirl natascha kampusch , who was kidnapped aged 10 by wolfgang přiklopil and held in a cellar for . mr jepps wrote : ' these are two people who had a long term and human relationship . ' ms bennett and mr jepp reportedly share a flat she bought for £249,950 in 2007 in north london . last night the green party distanced itself from mr jepp 's remarks . a spokesman said : ' the daily maybe was a personal blog written by mr jepps until 2011 . ' the party does not endorse the views expressed and would not want to be associated with them . jim jepps has not been a member of the party since 2012 . ' ms bennett said : ' jim is a private individual not involved in party politics . i will not be commenting on words he 's said or written . '