charlie chaplin 's divorce papers lay bare the film star 's ' cruel and inhumane ' treatment of his teenage bride during their short-lived marriage . chaplin 's union to lita grey , who was nearly 20 years his junior , lasted just three years . the iconic film star was said have bedded the impressionable 16-year-old after promising her marriage and then tried to convince her to have an abortion when she fell pregnant . on the pairs wedding night chaplin was also said to have confided in friends that the union was a better prospect than prison . an original copy of the couples 50-page divorce papers was set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when it goes under the hammer , after being found in america . the 50-page divorce papers of charlie chaplin and his second wife lita grey were found in a bank in america . charlie chaplin , left , married second wife lita grey , right , who was nearly 20 years his jounior , in 1924 and the union lasted for just three years . the divorce papers are set to fetch an estimated £15,000 when they go under the hammer in plymouth . chaplin , then 35 , married his second wife lita , 16 , in 1924 . they divorced just three years later with the teenager lifting the lid on their marriage . in the papers it was alleged that chaplin slept with the ' virtuous and inexperienced ' lita when she was barely 16 after promising to marry her . on their wedding night chaplin was said to have told friends that the marriage was a better option than prison . he said to lita : ' this marriage wo n't last long , i will make you so damn sick of me that you wo n't want to live with me . ' another part claims chaplin delayed marrying lita after she fell pregnant in an attempt to get her to have an abortion or ' criminal operation ' . and the silent movie star was accused of calling his young bride a ' gold digger ' who tried to ruin his career and stood in the way if his professional success . the papers also contain an order stopping chaplin from moving his wealth before the settlement so it would not affect the court proceedings . only around 16 copies of the divorce proceedings were believed to have been made , one sent to chaplin himself and the others sent to various film companies and banks , involved in the proceedings . the papers for sale in devon , were sent to the 1st national bank of los angeles on the 11th jan 1927 . almost a century later they are being sold by parade antiques on plymouth for £15,000 . the papers for sale were sent to the 1st national bank of los angeles on the 11th jan 1927 . lita claimed that she endured ' cruel and inhumane ' treatment by chaplin in the legal papers . john cabello , who owns the antiques shop , said : ' we got it from a person in america - he was told to clear out some supplies and old documents at the bank and he found them . ' he was told they would be thrown away and he kept them instead . ' when the papers were published , chaplin was ostracised for a while . people in the know thought he was quite a nasty piece of work . ' all this comes out and makes for quite hard reading , even by today 's standards . ' rob morrish , 27 , who runs the shop 's website , poured over the historic legal documents . the 27-year-old said : ' about a week 's worth of work went into researching the document , reading through it took some time . ' it 's all hand signed and very old and fragile . it was folded for a long time and required a lot of very careful handling . ' the papers reveal intimate details of the couples unstable relationship , believed to be an attempt by lita 's lawyers to tarnish chaplin 's reputation and gain a bigger settlement . mr morrish said : ' they met on set of one of his films and he seduced her as a young woman . it was frowned upon but he tried to make the most of the situation . ' when she became pregnant he was n't particularly pleased to be trapped in a marriage . ' he squirrelled her away and did not report the birth until months later to make it look like the child was conceived after they wedded . the papers also contain an order stopping chaplin from moving his wealth before the settlement so it would not affect the court proceedings . lita was granted a $ 800,000 settlement when the couple eventually divorced in 1927 . ' she was quite a young woman when they divorced and she was being sent by her lawyers to get as much as they could . she has said she regretted it in later life . ' it was way above and beyond what is standard for divorce proceedings , even for now . ' eventually in 1927 , lita and chaplin divorced and she was granted a settlement of $ 800,000 , the largest at the time . mr morrish said : ' she achieved what her lawyers wanted . in the end she got what she wanted but he still had a fantastic career after that . ' 