a popular twin cities radio host has revealed her year of terror after she was stalked by a stranger who bombarded her with emails , calls and presents , including bottles of wine and sausages . maria lucia detailed her year-long battle in a letter to fans on the current 's website on wednesday as she explained she would be taking some time off from the station following the ordeal . the alleged stalker , patrick henry kelly , from eden prairie , has been charged in the case and is set to go on trial next week . he faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted . ' this has been a tough year for me , ' lucia , 44 , wrote in the online letter . terrified : patrick henry kelly , left , allegedly repeatedly violated a restraining order radio host mary lucia , right , had taken out against him after he sent her letters , emails and gifts to her home and workplace . ' my life over the last year has involved a series of restraining orders , seemingly endless calls to 911 , the installation of security cameras at home , and police photo id line-ups . ' i 've been constantly looking over my shoulder , dead-bolting doors , and jumping when someone rings my doorbell or my motion lights go off . ' it began when kelly , 56 , wrote lucia a letter about his dead dog and she responded sympathetically in march 2014 , the star-tribune reported . he then started sending her ' delusional ' e-mails and calling her on her personal numbers . he also sent her gifts , including flowers , sausages , candy and a picture of a man in a mask , to both her home and her workplace , according to court records . in july , she filed for a restraining order against him . ' he believes we are in a relationship , ' she told the court . ' he got ahold of my cellphone # somehow and left me a message about getting together this weekend . he 's unstable and delusional . ' fears : lucia posted this letter detailing her terrifying ordeal to the current 's website on wednesday as she explained to fans why she would be taking some time off work for a while . she was granted the restraining order , which prevented him from being within two city blocks of her minneapolis home , but he allegedly went on to violate it on multiple occasions . ' i wake up thinking of you and repeat before bed , ' he allegedly wrote in one handwritten note he sent lucia . ' this feeling is so real to me ! just ca n't ignore it anymore . ' he left candles , a bottle of wine , a frog calculator and flowers at her home - allegedly violating the restraining order five times between august and october 2014 . ' do you know what it 's like to feel unsafe watching a band at first avenue ? ' lucia wrote online on wednesday . ' to worry any time a stranger approaches you ? to not be able to sleep or eat properly ? that 's what my past year has been like . ' i 've made a 21-year career on the radio in this town being honest and authentic , and now i 'm deathly afraid to reveal too much of myself on the air . ' scary : lucia , pictured , said she was always looking over her shoulder or fearful when a stranger approached her because of how kelly allegedly bombarded her with letters and emails saying they should be together . after the incessant contact , station officials alerted the st. paul police department , which launched an investigation before turning it over to minneapolis authorities . kelly was charged last october with a single count of stalking for violating the court order . he could go to prison for up to 10 years as well as a $ 20,000 fine if he is found guilty at his trial , which starts on tuesday . lucia did not say how much time she will be taking off but said she plans to return ' soon ' . minnesota public radio issued a statement on thursday saying it supports lucia ' completely in her decision to take a leave of absence ' .