tottenham will take on the very best players from major league soccer when they compete in the 2015 at & t mls all stars game as part of the pre-season preparations in the summer . the annual showpiece will take place at dick 's sporting goods park , the home of the colorado rapids , on july 29 in what is the 20th edition of the all star match . what started off as a clash between the eastern and western conferences in the united states is now contested by an overseas club . recent participants include bayern munich , manchester united and chelsea . colorado rapids ' dick 's sporting goods park hosted the mls all-star game against celtic in 2007 . wayne rooney came face-to-face with david beckham when manchester united played in the mls all-star match in 2011 . the fixture , which will be broadcast on sky sports , will be the only pre-season fixture that tottenham will play outside of europe and head coach mauricio pochettino is looking forward to returning to the us after the club 's tour last summer . ' we 'd like to thank major league soccer for the invitation to take part in the 2015 all-star game , ' pochettino told the club 's official website . ' the fact that this will be our only fixture outside of europe during pre-season says a lot about how we view this game . tottenham return to the us after a three-match tour last summer - ryan mason pictured in action against chicago fire . spurs head coach mauricio pochettino is looking forward to returning to the us for the fixture . ' we enjoyed three tough matches last summer in north america and the quality of football in mls continues to grow every year . 'pre-season is an important time for us and we are looking forward to being a part of one of the biggest events on the us football calendar . ' we know the quality of the facilities will be top-class and we see this fixture against the best players from mls as good preparation . ' former us international goalkeeper brad friedel applauds supporters during clash against chicago fire . ' the at & t mls all-star game continues to be one of the most entertaining and widely anticipated traditions for our league and for our sport in north america , ' said mls president and deputy commissioner mark abbott . ' we are excited to welcome another world-class opponent in tottenham and look forward to a competitive match and a tremendous week of events . ' we know that the colorado rapids , one of our inaugural clubs , will be great hosts and that dick 's sporting goods park will impress both the fans in the stadium and television viewers throughout the world . '