england have barely been in st kitts a day but the early indications are they are ready to give jonathan trott the chance to reinvent himself as an international opener . trott , england’s rock at no 3 for four years before his early return home from the 2013-14 ashes series in australia with a stress-related condition , was picked for this three-test tour of the caribbean after fighting his way back into contention . all the talk before the team’s departure may have been about kevin pietersen but the real focus of this tour is likely to fall on another south african-born batsman in trott . jonathan trott during a nets session as he returned to the international scene and could be ready to play . the 33-year-old has been impressive in not only addressing the personal demons which led to his departure from brisbane but also scoring the weight of runs needed to demand a recall . alastair cook knows the value an in-form trott would bring to his side’s chances of recording a series win in the caribbean that is vital not only for his own future as test captain but that of coach peter moores , whose job security is at perilous levels . cook admits england will not be totally sure if trott can handle the mental demands of international cricket until he is pitched into the heat of battle again.but he is likely to be given the chance to re-establish himself in the team , this time as cook’s opening partner , during the two warm-up matches against a st kitts & nevis invitation xi this week . test captain alastair cook feels the batsman is ready for international cricket return . trott ( left ) and cook train together during a batting session at warner park , basseterre , st kitts & nevis . the first of those two-day encounters starts here tomorrow and if trott can show the same form he displayed during the england lions tour of south africa earlier this year then he looks certain to see off the challenge of yorkshire opener adam lyth and make his 50th test appearance in antigua a week tomorrow . ‘ i am confident he can handle it , ’ cook said . ‘ you don’t know 100 per cent until he’s put out in the environment . there are a lot of things about selection that are unknown until you’re put into the pressure cooker of international cricket and make no mistake , it’s a high-intensity environment . ‘ but what we do know is he’s a quality player . ’ the warwickshire batsman has been in fine form for them and rightly deserved his call-up . trott looks for a single during a training session at warner park , basseterre , st kitts & nevis .