the wife of a suburban los angeles mayor who was shot in his home pleaded not guilty thursday to voluntary manslaughter . lyvette crespo , 43 , entered the plea to a grand jury indictment . she was ordered held on $ 150,000 bail and could face up to 21 years in state prison if convicted . crespo shot bell gardens mayor daniel crespo three times in the chest on september 30 . the killing came after the late mayor 's years of domestic abuse , the widow claims . however , the late crespo 's brother says those claims are all a lie and that he has evidence proving mrs. crespo is a cold-blooded killer . indicted : lyvette crespo ( right ) allegedly shot her husband , bell gardens , california mayor daniel crespo ( left ) , in september during a heated argument about his infidelity . she 's now been indicted on charges of voluntary manslaughter . history of abuse ? the crespos were high school sweethearts . mrs. crespo claims her husband had become increasingly abusive in the months leading to his death . she says she shot him after he punched their son , who 'd tried intervening during an argument . in text messages that brother , william crespo , provided to the la times , mrs. crespo appears to have threatened to shoot her husband at least once before doing the deed . ' i 'll find out who ... u got flowers for . has to be a bell gardens wh*** , ' reads a message from lyvette to her husband . mr. crespo replied : ' it better last time u threaten to shoot me in head ! ! ! ' in a civil suit filed against lyvette on behalf of his mother , william crespo has asked for more than $ 53 million in damages for the death of his brother , who he says was killed ' with malice and in cold blood , ' by mrs. crespo . crespo has told authorities it was self-defense after he punched their 19-year-old son in the face after he intervened in the couple 's argument . counter claim : daniel crespo 's brother william ( pictured ) says his ex sister-in-law 's claims are all lies and that she killed her husband in cold blood . broken family : in this file photo , attorney claudia osuna holds a photo of the crespo family - from top left to bottom right , bell gardens , calif. , mayor daniel crespo , his daughter crystal , his wife lyvette and son daniel crespo jr . daniel crespo jr. called 911 to report the shooting , telling a dispatcher : ' he 's on the floor dying . he hurt me . ' daniel crespo , a los angeles county deputy probation officer , was elected in 2001 to the city council of bellflower , a city of about 42,000 residents . the mayor 's position rotated among council members . he and his wife were high school sweethearts and married as teenagers in 1986 . however , the autopsy report contained allegations by a daughter , crystal crespo , that her father had been verbally and physically abusive toward her mother over two decades . she said the abuse had become more physical in recent years because of arguments over daniel crespo 's infidelity , but it was never reported and never left serious injuries . daniel crespo 's brother , william crespo , has denied the abuse allegations . the mayor 's mother filed a $ 53 million lawsuit last fall in which she calls crespo a 'cold-blooded killer ' who picked a fight with her husband knowing their son would intervene . what happened ? mayor daniel crespo , pictured with daughter chrystal , allegedly told his brother william there was another woman . crespo indictment by scprweb . 