having fathered 40 children by 20 different women , mike holpin has enjoyed his fair share of intimacy . but seemingly unsatisfied with his gaggle of offspring , scorned former lovers and being engaged for the fourth time , the 56-year-old is showing no signs of settling down soon . for despite being set to marry , the alcoholic benefits claimant still has a live profile on the site where he met his bride-to-be . despite being engaged for the fourth time and having already fathered 40 children by 20 different women , mike holpin still has an active online dating profile . offering a half-grin to the camera with his signature pony-tail tucked away from view , holpin tells prospective conquests : ' i love my kids , ' in a brief biography on his plenty of fish account . listed among his hobbies is watching tv and playing computer games - a luxury indulged by the taxpayer who footed the bill for his three 48in widescreen television sets , as revealed earlier this week . but while holpin paints himself as a doting father , one of his many children has spoken out to confirm the feeling is not mutual . in an interview with the sunday mirror , two of his sons have revealed they wish they 'd never even come into contact with him . fearful that any girl he meets during a night out may be his sister , care worker mike holpin junior , 22 , said dramatically : ' i wish i 'd never met my dad . i 'd rather be related to hitler than to him . ' younger brother luke , 21 , said so bad was his father 's womanising , his mother once tried to stab him with a butter knife after being duped out of money to buy new motorbikes . ' as soon as the money dried up he moved on . it devastated her . ' she caught him snogging another woman in the garden and tried to stab him with a butter knife . ' ' i wo n't stop ' : father of 40 mike holpin , left and right with his fiancée diane , is said to have cost taxpayers £4.3million in benefits and other costs because of his huge family . family : holpin says that he loves sex and wo n't use contraception - even though 16 of his children were taken into care . the brothers also claimed their father spent the majority of his benefits payouts on alcohol and new bikes . earlier this week it was revealed holpin had cost the taxpayer an estimated £4million in benefits and care costs by fathering so many children . at least 16 have been taken off him and their mothers and placed into care . care costs : mike holpin says 16 of his children were taken into care . a placement in local authority care costs an average of £150,000 a year . if they each spent just a year in care , the bill would be £2.4million . child benefit : £1,000 per annum for the eldest child , plus £700 per year for each additional child , which would be claimed by the person looking after the child . assuming half his children are now adults and half are still entitled to child benefit , the bill would be at least £500,000 . child tax credits would have been worth an average of £2,000 per year , per child if the parents were not working . that’s £800,000 . his benefits : mr holpin claims he has received up to £27,000 a year in benefits , totalling £675,000 . total bill : £4,375,000 . despite not being able to recognise all of his children in the street , holpin is in no rush to stop reproducing . leaping to his defence , fiancee diane morris , 46 , told the sun : ' he 's a good guy . he 's been unfaithful but that 's all in the past ' . one of his youngest children , a three-year-old girl , was born after he agreed to help a childless couple have a baby . he said : ' i helped them by having sex with her . for all my sins i have done one or two things right ' . one of his children , hayley , 25 , who is also unemployed , said : ' he was a p***head but he 's done well . i 'm proud , ' she told the sun . but mr holpin’s brother , david , 59 , said the former fairground worker’s ‘shocking’ behaviour had brought ‘shame’ on the family . david holpin , from erith , kent , added : ‘ i lost touch with mike when i moved to kent 18 years ago – he didn’t have a phone so we couldn’t keep in touch . ‘ it wouldn’t surprise me if he had 40 children , the way he carries on . his behaviour is shocking . 'i’m not ashamed of michael , but i’m upset about the way our family name has been tarnished . ‘ he has brought shame on us , and we are a good family . ’ his relationships have broken down because of his drinking and womanising , and the recovering alcoholic says 16 of his children have been taken into care at some stage in their lives . addicted : holpin plays on his three £450 ps4 consoles for up to 20 hours a day - all paid for by benefits . keeping track : mr holpin , from ebbw vale in monmouthshire , shows off his family tree tattoo - which includes his children and grandchildren . if they had completed just one year in care each , it would leave the taxpayer with a bill for £2.4million . mr holpin or the children’s mothers would also have been able to claim at least £500,000 in child benefit and a further £800,000 in child tax credits . on top of this , he has claimed at least £675,000 in benefits himself . yet the feckless dad , of ebbw vale in south wales , said : ‘i’ll never stop [ having children ] . never stop . in the bible , god says go forth and multiply . i’m doing what god wants . 'i’m as fertile as sin . i don’t believe in contraception and i love sex ' . he was the subject of a channel 5 documentary this week , but last night former friends said holpin’s claim to 40 children – aged between three and 37 – was nonsense . and as 40 kids by 20 women aired , his ex-wife petrina told of her embarrassment on facebook , writing : ‘ feeling asshamed’ ( sic ) . mr holpin , who lives in a council house and claims benefits , said he was a changed man who no longer drank alcohol . but he still wants more children . ‘ most of my kids have gone through the care system . ' it makes me feel like s*** because they’ve suffered . they [ social services ] took them from me because i’m an alcoholic . i’m still an alcoholic – i just don’t practise it . ’ taxpayers’ alliance chief executive jonathan isaby said : ‘ it is the lack of shame that really sticks in the throat and taxpayers will be furious . offspring : holpin admits his lifestyle led to 16 of his children being taken into care but says he wants to make it up to them . ' it is sheer arrogance to keep having children as if they were hot dinners and expect other people to pick up the bill . ’ but former friends say mr holpin’s boasts are off the mark , and that he has fathered as few as 16 children with three women . one said he had ‘padded’ his numbers by including his ex-partner’s stepchildren . he added : ‘he’s no angel after a drink but he isn’t the big ladies’ man that he likes to think he is . 'he’s definitely had a football team’s worth of little ’uns – maybe 16 – just because he’s not fussy and not careful . but no way has he got two rugby teams and all the subs to make it up to 40 . ’ mr holpin and his family are infamous in the former mining town of ebbw vale , where locals have launched petitions to stop him moving into their street . he now lives with his fiancee diane morris , ten years his junior , in a council house in the village of cwm . mr holpin’s daughter rhiannon , 19 , said on facebook yesterday : ‘ you can all hate but it doesn’t matter , there’s plenty of us to stick up for each other and we can take on the lot of you . ‘ i feel like i can’t even leave my house without people judging . get off my back , i didn’t ask my dad to do what he’s done with his life . ’ dream : mr holpin says being reunited with his huge brood would complete him and make his life perfect . day out : mike and diane with some of the children at their local bowling alley . new life : the father-of-40 lives with his fiancée diane morris , ten years his junior , and they live in a two-bed council house in south wales .  