the australian family of a 21-year-old backpacker who disappeared from a croatian night club in 2008 are hoping to finally find out the truth about how she died . britt lapthorne , from melbourne , was last seen at the latin club fuego in the coastal , tourist town of dubrovnik where she was partying with about 10 other backpackers . croatian police never solved the mystery of how the student 's body came to be in nearby boninovo bay , where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on september 18 . her family believes ms lapthorne was murdered , her body weighted down and dumped at sea . it has now emerged a victorian inquest into her death will be closed . britt lapthorne , from melbourne , disappeared in the croatian coastal , tourist town of dubrovnik . state coroner ian gray will officially close it at a hearing in melbourne on thursday . he will hear a summary of previously unreleased reports prepared by both the australian federal police and croatian authorities . then the coroner will prepare his findings , to be released at a later date . in 2009 , ms lapthorne’s father , dale lapthorne , said the only information he would release from one of the reports was that britt 's body was in the water the whole time she was missing . he was confident she had been weighted down before being dumped into the adriatic sea because there was no other explanation for her body not coming to the surface . her parents ( pictured ) believe ms lapthorne was murdered , her body weighted down and dumped at sea . ms lapthorne 's body was found in nearby boninovo bay , where it was found almost three weeks after she disappeared on september 18 . in 2009 , ms lapthorne’s father , dale lapthorne , said britt 's body was in the water the whole time she was missing . ' it 's the reason for the rapid decomposition of her body , and the fact it was only found 18 days later in a high visibility area , virtually out the front of a hotel and only a kilometre from the club , ' mr lapthorne told aap in 2009 . at the time , the coroner confirmed ms lapthorne 's body should have surfaced within two or three days . the criminal investigation remains open in croatia , but the lapthorne family does not have confidence in police there . croatian authorities suspect ms lapthorne died due to ' misadventure ' , though in 2013 they conceded it was unlikely her death was a suicide . the lapthorne family , including her mother elke , father dale and brother darren , were not told their daughter was missing for six days after she disappeared , despite australian officials being aware she had vanished . britt lapthorne was last seen at the latin club fuego , in dubrovnik , where she was partying with about 10 other backpackers . a media boat pictured where ms lapthorne 's body was found in a small inlet near dubrovnik , croatia . they also suffered the terrible news of being told a body had been found , only for police to say just hours later that it couldn’t be ms lapthorne’s because it was so badly decomposed . police then confirmed after dna analysis that it was indeed ms lapthorne’s body . dubrovnik deputy chief of police , ivan kukrika , said at the time : ' dna analysis has been completed in capital zagreb . according to the analysis , the body found in the sea on october 6th belongs to the missing australian , britt lapthorne . ‘ i have to admit that i had , based on the state the body was in , really thought that it was not britt and that this case would result in a happy ending . ’ dubrovnik deputy chief of police , ivan kukrika , said he did n't believe it was britt 's body at first ' based on the state the body was in ' . mr lapthorne said his daughter was ' always smiling , always happy , just having fun , an intelligent , smart girl ' . the victorian coroner will prepare his finding over ms lapthorne 's death to be released at a later date . speaking hours after the family was told ms lapthorne’s body had been found , her father mr lapthorne told the sydney morning herald : ‘ assuming it is a crime , and everything is pointing to a crime , it is an absolutely heinous crime of the worst order . ' it is just beyond conception for such a beautiful girl , i do n't mean beautiful in appearance , she was beautiful in her ways , always smiling , always happy , just having fun , an intelligent , smart girl … why would somebody do this to such a beautiful girl ? ‘ for me , elke and darren , it 's just devastating . we think all the things we planned to do together … all the things we planned have no meaning any more , absolutely no meaning . ’     