a father-of-five has been stabbed to death at a wisconsin river following an argument with three other fishermen . peter kelly , a 34-year-old volunteer high school wrestling coach , was stabbed in the chest beside the st croix river at 9.45pm on tuesday as he fished with a friend . the two men were on the minnesota side of the river when they heard three men being loud and rude on the wisconsin side and asked them to quieten down , authorities said . for the next three hours , kelly and his friend exchanged heated words with the three other anglers . scroll down for video . loss : peter kelly , 34 , was stabbed in the chest after he and a friend asked a group of rowdy fishermen to be quiet at a river on tuesday . the argument escalated and kelly was attacked and died at the scene . ' the group on the minnesota side was making statements like , ' why do n't you clean up your act ' , ' . captain steve smith with the polk county sheriff 's office in wisconsin told cbs minnesota . ' the challenge was made – ' why do n't you come over here ? '' kelly and his friend drove to interstate park on the wisconsin side , where the argument escalated and one of the men pulled out a knife and stabbed kelly in the chest . he died at the scene . after the stabbing , the attackers fled the scene and authorities are still searching for them . the polk county sheriff 's office said the three men are believed to be in their late teens or early 20s and were with a dog named gunnar , who was either a golden retriever or a yellow lab . they were traveling in two vehicles with minnesota license plates : a blue chevrolet s-10 pickup truck and a small passenger car . left behind : kelly and his wife christie , pictured , have four sons and a daughter all under the age of nine . authorities are also asking for help tracking down five people who were in the area at about 7.30pm as they have witnessed the argument that ultimately escalated . now his small community in st croix falls , which has just 2,100 people , is mourning the loss of the family man who volunteered as a coach at the high school 's football , baseball and wrestling teams . he would often go to work at 4am so he could get back in time to coach before dinner , fellow high school coach dan clark told the star tribune . his day job was at andersen windows in bayport , where he worked in quality control . ' he worked 10 to 12 hours a day at andersen windows , and he would come home and volunteer four hours a night to our wrestling program for four or five months a year , ' clark toldfox9 . ' he was one of the greatest human beings that i ever hoped to meet . ' his wife , christie , stayed at home to care for their children , who are all under nine . they have four boys , kellen , payton , miles and august , and last year welcomed a baby girl , molly . devastated : his brother , mike kelly , said the man 's children did not understand what had happened . confrontation : kelly and a friend were on the minnesota side of the st croix river , pictured , and told men on the wisconsin side to stop making so much noise . kelly was stabbed at interstate park . ' i do n't think they fully understand the implications of what happened , ' his brother , mike kelly , told kare . ' his daughter will never even get to know him . ' friends and family added that they do not believe kelly was to blame for the confrontation . ' he did good things , and did what was right all the time , ' his brother added . ' and that 's probably what cost him . some knuckle heads swearing and being silly . ' anyone with information about the incident is asked to call the sheriff 's office at 715-485-8300 . a gofundme page has also been set up for the family .