a formerly obese man has revealed how he finally became motivated to lose 160lbs from his 354lbs frame over the course of 20 months , after nearly a lifetime of emotional eating and self-loathing . atlanta-based writer alex gray , 27 , admitted that he once made excuses for his gluttonous habits , which included trips to drive-through restaurants up to four times a day , but it was n't until an obese friend ' unveiled a shockingly svelte silhouette ' that he was inspired to make changes in his own life . ' there are a lot of platitudes about weight , ' he wrote in an essay for salon . ' one of them is that you should love yourself no matter your size . i’m here to say that’s bullsh** . being fat sucks . i love myself way more now than i ever have . scroll down for video . inner turmoil : alex aid that he had ' missed out on a lot ' when he was clocking in at 354lbs ( pictured ) . new man : the writer was pictured at a miami dolphins football game after he lost nearly half of his body weight in 20 months . alex explained that there are people who are unable to lose weight because of genetics or other factors - but he was not one of them . ' for those who can do something about their size , and simply refuse to , trust me : life is so much better on the other side , ' he explained . alex said that he could n't think of a ' specific catalyst ' that prompted him to gain weight , but he recalled that he had an insatiable appetite ' as an only child with unabated access to nearly everything ' . as he got older , he grew bigger , and by the time he was in college , he found himself struggling with physical intimacy because of his size . alex recalled one woman who called him out for breathing heavily during one of their sexual encounters . he confessed that the panting was because he was winded - not because he was caught up in the heat of the moment . but the worse he felt about himself , the more he ate . 'i’ve never tried drugs , but i empathize with those addicted to the needle , or the pipe , ' he wrote . ' i know what it feels like to be acutely aware your vice is killing you , or at the very least , keeping you from living your best life . alex explained attempted to lose weight a few times , but neither the promise of an extended football career or a new car could motivate him to stick with it because he was unable to ' escape food 's gravitational pull ' . it was n't until he saw his friend joubert , who once had a similar frame to his , show off his fit new body at a cinco de mayo reunion that he became motivated to start making changes in his own life . days later , alex went walking , and eventually his walks turned into runs . he made dietary changes too , including swapping burgers for lean rotisserie chicken . it took a little less than two years to reach his ' physical ideal ' , and alex explained that his whole world has changed . his only regret is not doing it sooner . alex noted that not only is he now comfortable with the opposite sex , but for the first time in his life , he is the one who is being pursued . he is thrilled that he can finally buy clothes off the rack at stores such as h & m , adding that he finally feels like he physically fits in . alex ended his story by saying that he finally started his life at 25-years-old , and to remind others struggling with their weight , that if he can do it , they can do it too .