second-placed preston 's quest to join bristol city in the championship was dented after they were held to a 2-2 draw against gillingham , who grabbed an equaliser in stoppage time through leon legge . jermaine beckford 's 10th goal in his past 19 appearances and callum robinson 's effort had put north end two goals up , but jermaine mcglashan and legge left the deepdale faithful despondent . across lancashire , mk dons closed the gap on simon grayson 's men to three points as lewis baker , will grigg and dele alli were on target in the 3-0 victory over fleetwood . jermaine beckford scored his 10th goal of the season as preston were held 2-2 by gillingham . swindon remain in the automatic promotion hunt too following a 4-2 win at rochdale , who have still never beaten the robins at spotland . a hat-trick from ben gladwin and michael smith 's strike had put swindon 4-0 ahead before ian henderson 's penalty and nathan thompson 's own goal prevented the hosts from suffering a thrashing . dale fell seven points behind chesterfield as they strengthened their grip on the final play-off spot by hammering colchester 6-0 . gary roberts and sam clucas both claimed doubles and dan gardner and jimmy ryan also found the net to give the spireites breathing room in sixth position . at the other end of the table , crewe were the only one of the sides on 47 points to pick up anything , with a 1-1 draw at peterborough enough to move them out of the bottom four . lauri dalla valle 's goal had put the alex ahead before conor washington 's equaliser stopped steve davis ' side earning three points on the road . crawley replaced the railwaymen in the relegation zone as they were thumped 5-0 by walsall , jordy hiwula bagging a brace and kieron morris , andy taylor and jordan cook all scoring too . rob jones ' header gave doncaster a 1-0 triumph over leyton orient , and while the o 's avoided slipping into the bottom four , they were joined on 47 points by notts county . ricardo moniz 's first home game in charged ended in a 1-1 draw with barnsley , hungarian balint bajner rescuing a share of the spoils in stoppage time following sam winnall 's early opener for the tykes . already relegated yeovil claimed a first win of the paul sturrock era as stephen arthurworrey got the winner in a 1-0 success over fifth-placed sheffield united . elsewhere , late goals denied oldham and port vale 1-0 away wins over coventry and scunthorpe . sky blues defender reda johnson cancelled out danny philliskirk 's effort in the midlands , while kyle wootton 's header in the fifth minute of stoppage time for the iron levelled an earlier goal from richard duffy . 