pete evans has shared two incredible stories on social media featuring women who claim that the paleo diet has helped alleviate the symptoms of the incurable disease , multiple sclerosis . a 30-year-old woman , known only as hollie , wrote that she thought her life was over when she was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis in september 2013 . she said that she endured months of constant dizziness , altered temperature perception , extreme fatigue , numbness in her legs and feet and fell into a period of depression . but after jumping on the paleo diet bandwagon , hollie claims she has not suffered any ms symptoms over the past 12 months , her depression has gone and she feels healthier than ever . hollie 's experience led the sydney celebrity chef to share her testimonial with his 868,000-plus followers on facebook on saturday . scroll down for video . pete evans has shared an incredible story about a woman who claims she no longer suffers multiple sclerosis . the paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around , with celebrity followers taking on the lifestyle . ' wow this is powerful story on ms , thanks for sharing hollie.. it will make your heart sing.. it has mine , please tag and share wide ! ' evans wrote . the australian chef also shared a similarly remarkable testimony by marg , another ms sufferer . the woman claimed she has seen significant health improvements after being on evans ' 10 weeks paleo program . ' i have had a lot of health issues the past years , mainly auto-immune stuff including ms , ' she wrote in the online post on tuesday . the celebrity chef has been a proud paleo advocate . ' having ms means i 'm always sapped of energy , have numbness , pins and needles , pain , poor concentration , etc . not any more ! ' marg says she was recently able to walk up and down a flight of 811 stairs . ' no way on earth i could have done that 10 weeks ago , ' she wrote . ' my concentration and memory is much better and i can also plan better . i 'm not off my ms meds yet but i am off my thyroid and reflux meds . ' thanks so much pete and team for helping me get my life back . you 've made this road so easy . as an added bonus i 've gone from a size 16 to a size 12 . ' the revelation comes after the outspoken paleo advocate posted a 2,100 word rant on social media claiming that the modern australian diet is behind the rise in autism . the my kitchen rules judge has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting the benefits of a ' caveman diet ' that cuts out grains , legumes , sugar and dairy . but hollie has praised evans for his endorsement of the controversial diet , saying ' the way you are changing the lives of others by leading an example is remarkable ' . ' i have been inspired by your encouragement , great recipes and educated by the accurate information you provide , ' hollie wrote . ' pete , i thank you so very much for bringing paleo in to the mainstream - people no longer look at me as though i 'm a weirdo [ sic ] for following this way of life . ' in another recent facebook post , the australian chef shared a similarly remarkable testimony by marg who also suffers from ms . evans has drawn criticism from health experts for promoting a controversial caveman ' diet ' . however associate professor of dietetics and human n at latrobe university , catherine itsiopoulos , pointed out that hollie 's diet might have been unhealthy before adapting the paleo lifestyle . ' her diet may have been poor previously , ' dr itsiopoulos told daily mail australia . ' there are so many factors to pinpoint - specifically how her condition changed and we do n't know what her diet and eating habits were like before . ' by eating lean meat , good oil and high intake of bioactive plants such as leafy and root vegetables - could all have a beneficial effect because all of these foods work significantly well together . ' but we do n't actually know if her condition is cured so it 's hard to advocate on because there 's no scientific evidence to back this up . ' the paleo diet has been one of the hottest diet trends around and has attracted a raft of celebrity followers even as some health professionals urge caution about interpreting results from the eating plan . ' celebrity chefs have used their power to influence the public on health and well-being , in particular education on food and cooking but they need to focus on the evidence , ' dr itsiopoulos said . ' i would n't say paleo is dangerous . paleo fits into the fad diets because of the concept around it - it provides quick results to weight loss but we still need more evidence . ' but adding food such as lean meat , seafood and nuts to your diet , it does bring out positive things to your lifestyle but it 's hard to comment on how hollie 's condition has changed . ' the paleo lifestyle , which evans is a long-time supporter of , bans all dairy , grains , preservatives and sugar . the paleo advocate has been encouraging hundreds and thousands of australians to embrace the lifestyle . professor of population health and nutrition at the university of south australia kerin o'dea said while the diet seemed to have worked for hollie , it might not work for others . ' pete can share whatever he likes to his followers but there 's never going to be one magic bullet to cure an illness or a serious disease , ' dr o'dea told daily mail australia . ' someone reporting an anecdote might be true in one person 's case but it 's very difficult to imply it to others , which can be quite misleading for people . ' they could feel failure when it does n't work for them , especially when they try to cure a serious condition like this . ' i would n't recommend any particular diet for anyone suffering any type of illnesses . ' the paleo style of eating , which pete evans is a proud supporter of , has been sweeping across the globe . the paleo style of eating , which evans is a proud supporter of , has been sweeping across the globe with its focus on high intake of meat , fish , eggs , vegetables , some fruits , seeds and nuts . but dr o'dea said the modern paleo diet does not quite follow the way how palaeolithic ancestors lived from more than two million years ago . ' one of the things that impresses me is the meat at that time was completely different to today 's meat , ' dr o'dea said . ' the modern paleo diet consists of just lean meat but our ancestors ate everything edible , including organs , brains , livers and fat from the carcass of wild animals . ' from my studies and experiences , our ancestors did eat wheat - an equivalent to grains and also yams - which is highly nutritionist . ' daily mail australia has contacted pete evans and multiple sclerosis australia for comment .