global megastar kim kardashian has lifted the lid on what exactly she eats to keep her curvaceous figure in tip-top condition . harpers bazaar magazine has published an extract from the star 's book selfish revealing what she dines on each day . kim has revealed that she changes her food intake every ten days and works with a nutritionist to create meal plans for her and husband kanye west . she said : ' kanye loves to eat really healthy and is always on different diets . he has a chef who comes in the morning and cooks breakfast for both of us and gets our meal plans together for the day . ' scroll down for video . in an extract from kim kardashian 's book selfish , the star reveals her daily diet , which includes a breakfast of eggs and a healthy lunch of fish with vegetables . a typical day 's food for kim could include scrambled eggs , oatmeal or a protein shake for breakfast . for lunch and dinner , a professional chef will serve her dishes including fish or chicken with vegetables . the reality television star even snacks , saying she enjoys justin 's peanut butter packs and spoonfuls of dulce de leche-flavoured häagen-dazs ice cream . what 's off limits ? cocktails and most other desserts . kim also said that she enjoys sipping on an iced-tea drink in the afternoons , and admits she might once have had ten sweeteners in there . she 's now cut down to just three . it is well known that 34-year-old kim works hard on her body , especially since she slimmed down after giving birth to her daughter north west nearly two years ago . kim and her husband kanye work with a nutritionist who comes up with a meal plan for the pair of them . as well as maintaining her strict diet , kim reveals that she works out every morning . often she will start with a run around her la home before working on her legs or abs . of course , kim is n't the only celebrity to work hard and train hard for her body . beyonce previously revealed that she had undertaken a gruelling ' cleanse ' whilst getting ready for a film . and gwyneth paltrow only eats ' good ' food after discovering that she suffered from allergies and was feeling low in energy . here 's how the stars stay in shape ... beyonce and husband jay z slimmed down at the end of 2013 after following a vegan diet for 22 days . beyonce and jay z : 22 days vegan . in a perfect display of couple slimming , beyonce and jay z dropped the pounds together at the end of 2013 by going vegan for 22 days . the singer used her instagram account to post pictures of her healthy-looking meals which included such delights as vegan mac and cheese and portobello mushrooms . the 22-day challenge was n't the first time the star has shared her meal plans . before filming dreamgirls in 2006 , it was revealed that beyonce , who once called herself ' a natural fat person , just dying to get out , ' had undergone a master cleanse . healthy meals galore ! beyonce shared her delicious-looking vegan diet snaps with her followers . during beyonce and jay z 's vegan diet , the singers posted pictures of their meals , which included mac'n'cheese and portobello mushrooms to beyonce 's instagram account . the singer lost a total of 20lbs drinking a concoction of purified water , organic lemon juice , maple syrup and cayenne pepper . she allowed herself just one cheat day a week where she would eat pizza and drink wine . in the past , the world-famous star has admitted to cutting back to stay in shape . during an interview with bang magazine , the 33-year-old was said to have eaten just six slices of tomato and four pieces of cucumber for her lunch . the singer said of her meagre lunch : ' i have to . photos make you fatter , television adds pounds , and discipline is very important in this profession . i am not naturally skinny . i am a real woman , i 've got curves . ' the queen of discipline : madonna maintains her slim figure with a macrobiotic diet which means she can not eat wheat , eggs , meat or diary . madonna : macrobiotic . madonna has made little secret of her strict macrobiotic diet in which she can not eat wheat , eggs , meats or dairy . meals for madonna , 56 , could mean miso soup and brown rice for breakfast , or tofu cheese and quinoa salad for lunch . it is also thought that the singer abstains from alcohol and caffeine and drinks up to three litres of water a day . madonna has previously admitted in an interview that she never craves cheeseburgers and that she never cooks her own meals . gwyneth paltrow is well known for her ' good ' diet which sees her largely following a vegan meal plan . gwyneth paltrow : eating good . gwyneth likes to maintain what she calls a ' good ' diet after finding that she was suffering from lethargy and allergies . the 42-year-old is said to generally start her day with a green juice for breakfast . gwyneth then follows a largely vegan diet which includes snacking on beans and having quinoa or soup for dinner and lunch . the actress is so passionate about her diet that she even launched two cookbooks , one of which is called ' it 's all good ' . in the book , she advocates the elimination of : ' dairy , eggs , sugar , corn , wheat , gluten , potatoes , tomatoes , red meat , shell or deep-water fish . ' but gwyneth still allows herself to drink alcohol : ' i really like a martini or a glass of red wine in the evening ' , she said . ' i think it’s a really nice way to say , “ ok , it’s adult time now . ” having lived in england for so long , i have become a real booze hound . ' victoria beckham follows an alkaline diet which bans acid forming foods such as starchy grains and vegetables . victoria beckham : honestly healthy . in 2013 victoria beckham , 40 , who is known for her super-slim figure , tweeted that she was enjoying the alkaline diet book , honestly healthy by natasha corrett and vicki edgson . the ultra-strict regime warns against ‘ very acid forming’ foods like starchy grains and vegetables such as pasta , wheat and beans , all dairy products , meat fish and shellfish . ' also banned are tea , coffee , sugar , fizzy drinks including soda and tonic water and , of course , alcohol . while following the plan , at least 70 per cent of your diet should be alkaline , while the other 30 per cent can be acidic , which basically means a lot of fruit and vegetables . jennifer aniston follows the aitkens diet , which is high in protein and low in carbohydrate . jennifer aniston : atkins . ms aniston has long been linked to the atkins diet , which is high protein and low carbohydrate although it is thought that she now does the ' new ' atkins regime . its plan includes small portions of healthy carbs such as wholegrain bread , brown rice and pasta , while recommending healthy proteins such as grilled chicken , lean red meat and seafood . for 46-year-old aniston , a typical dinner could include white fish with green vegetables and almonds , whilst breakfast may be ' wholemeal toast with apple butter and a big piece of cheese . ' jennifer is no saint , however , and is a big fan of a bloody mary and she 's admitted she would eat nachos even if they 'd been dropped on the floor . jennifer lopez is known for her slim figure and reportedly uses the freshology delivery service . jennifer lopez : home delivery . according to reports jennifer lopez , 45 , who is known for her super-toned abs - is a big fan of freshology . the meal delivery service brings healthy meals right to your door . sample menus include a carrot raisin muffin with vanilla ricotta and turkey bacon for breakfast . for lunch , you might enjoy a roast beef wrap with watermelon radish and garlic aioli and then rosemary-infused lamb sirloin with sautéed broccoli and balsamic glaze for dinner .