anti-semitic attacks surged worldwide by 38 per cent last year , with the highest number of incidents occurring in france , an annual study has revealed . the report , by tel aviv university 's kantor center for the study of contemporary european jewry , said 766 violent anti-semitic acts were carried out around the world last year - marking a huge increase from the previous year . arson , vandalism and direct threats against jews , synagogues and other jewish institutions were included in the figure , making 2014 the worst year for such attacks since 2009 . the study said : ' the overall feeling among many jewish people is one of living in an intensifying anti-jewish environment that has become not only insulting and threatening , but outright dangerous . in particular , it cited ' alarming reports especially from western europe and north america ' . anger in western europe over israel 's military offensive in the gaza strip last july and august , as well as anti-jewish caricatures in the media and social networks had helped to turn anti-semitism into an ' almost daily phenomena seen and felt in every sphere of life ' , the report said . in france , the number of anti-semitic attacks rose to 164 in 2014 compared with 141 in 2013 . in january this year , four hostages were killed in a paris kosher supermarket in violence that began when islamist militants carried out a massacre in the office of the charlie hebdo satirical weekly . britain registered 141 violent incidents against jews in 2014 , after 95 a year earlier . in one of the most serious attacks a victim was called a ' jewish c*** ' and then hit with a glass and a baseball bat in london . in manchester , a man was knocked off his bike and kicked while on the ground by a group of youths who called him a ' jew ' . in january this year , four hostages were killed in a paris kosher supermarket in an anti-semitic attack . the violence began when islamist militants carried out a massacre in the office of charlie hebdo magazine . and a jewish girl had deodorant sprayed in her face by a 12-year-old fellow pupil who said to her ' gas the jews ' at a school in edinburgh . the number of anti-semitic acts in germany and italy more than doubled , to 76 and 23 respectively . in western europe in particular , the study said , ' the issue is not only a matter of having more security means provided by the respective states , but rather the ability to lead a full jewish life ... especially under heavy police and even army protection ' . israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu stoked controversy in february when he called for ' mass immigration ' of european jews to israel following a deadly shooting at a synagogue in denmark . under israel 's law of return , anyone with at least one jewish grandparent has a right of immigration to israel and , once there , can receive israeli citizenship automatically .