an iowa politician is on trial this week accused of sexually abusing his wife after doctors said she was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex . when henry and donna lou rayhons married seven years ago in their northern iowa hometown , it was a second chance at love for the devoted couple , both previously widowed . but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as donna 's health began to fail . last year , the 78-year-old woman was moved into a nursing home , suffering from dementia and alzheimers . according to henry rayhon 's family , this was decided by her daughters from a previous marriage . republican lawmaker henry rayhons , 78 , is preparing to stand trial in iowa for sexually assaulting his wife , who died last august , days before he was formally charged . conflict developed over how to care for donna lou rayhons , culminating in a meeting in which staff told henry rayhons that his wife was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex . state prosecutors say henry rayhons — a long-serving republican state lawmaker — ignored that message . on wednesday , he will stand trial for sexually assaulting his wife , who died last august . the charges were filed days after she died . many couples experience the hardships of illness , mental decline and living apart , but what happened with the rayhons has little precedent . experts could not think of another rape case that happened because a previously consenting spouse could no longer legally acquiesce . ' this is the first one i 've seen , ' said mark kosieradzki , a minneapolis-based attorney who has tried numerous cases of sexual abuse in nursing homes . ' it 's a case that 's going to be focusing on the rights of the vulnerable . just because you 're married , it does n't mean you need to check your consent rights at the door . ' through an attorney , donna lou rayhons ' daughters declined to discuss the case . the state attorney general 's office also declined . and henry rayhons , who has said that he is innocent , refused an interview through a son . henry and donna lou rayhons married seven years ago in their northern iowa hometown , but their domestic routine of church activities and political functions unraveled as donna 's health began to fail . last summer , when the charges were first filed , henry rayhons ' family released a statement . ' donna 's location did not change dad 's love for donna nor her love for him . it did not change their marriage relationship . and so he continued to have contact with his spouse in the nursing home ; who among us would not , ' read the statement , which went on to call the charges ' illogical and unnatural . ' the crux of the case is the question of donna lou rayhons ' ability to consent . iowa law defines an act as sexual abuse in the third degree if the two parties are not living together as husband and wife and if one person ' is suffering from a mental defect or incapacity which precludes giving consent . ' elizabeth edgerly , a clinical psychologist who serves as chief program officer for the nonprofit alzheimer 's association , said determining capacity is challenging . ' is the person capable of saying no if they do n't want to do something ? that 's one of the biggest pieces , ' said edgerly , who frequently lectures on sexuality and alzheimer 's . rayhons is charged with sexual abuse in the third degree and could serve up to ten years in prison if convicted . but edgerly also noted that patients can vary day to day and said that physical closeness can be reassuring to many , noting : ' for most people with dementia , even long into the disease , they take comfort in being with people who love them . ' rayhons is charged with sexual abuse in the third degree and could serve up to ten years in prison if convicted . shortly before the charges were filed , rayhons withdrew from a race to serve a tenth term in the iowa house of representatives . the iowa attorney general 's office sought to move the trial out of hancock county , where rayhons lives , arguing that they would not be able to find an impartial jury after the extensive news coverage . but a judge denied the request . court documents provide a window into the bitter case , which has left a blended family divided . in late march of last year , donna lou rayhons moved to a nursing home in garner . the clashes over her care built until a meeting in may during which henry rayhons was informed of his wife 's inability to consent . suffering from dementia and alzheimers , donna lou rayhons was moved into a nursing home by her daughters from a previous marriage last year and she died in august . according to court documents , henry rayhons entered his wife 's room about a week later , pulled the curtains around her bed and a roommate heard noises that suggested sexual activity . as rayhons left , he dropped undergarments in a laundry basket . not long after that incident , one of donna rayhons ' adult daughters went to court and won temporary guardianship . a state crime lab found semen stains on donna lou rayhons ' quilt and a sheet that matched henry rayhons ' genetic profile . the charging document says he confessed to sexual activity that night , but in an interview last year on the dr. drew on call show on the hln network , his son dale rayhons said the police interview was taken out of context . dale rayhons said in a recent statement to the associated press that he supports his father , adding that : ' to have found love and companionship this late in their lives was an extraordinary and special thing for both dad and donna . '