the crucible curse will be one weight on the mind of mark selby on saturday , but the mercurial talents of a debutant capable of ‘ absolutely murdering anybody’ will be another altogether . the world champion will have to negotiate both if he is to make history in sheffield . it is one of the quirks of this venue that no first-time winner has retained his title the next year . while that statistical curiosity has added an element of pressure to selby , so too has the presence of kurt maflin , one of four men making their first appearance in the main draw . mark selby poses with the trophy after winning the world snooker championship at the crucible in 2014 . what an intriguing figure he is , a londoner based in norway who was once a child star but has reached the age of 31 without making any great dents on the game . that appears to be changing with his recent appearance in the china open semi-final , where he lost 6-3 to selby . he is one of only 21 players in history to have hit multiple 147 breaks in professional competitions . maflin’s chances against the world no 1 appear slim in the extreme , but six-time runner up jimmy white told sportsmail : ‘ he has got one of the biggest talents i have seen in the game . if he produces his game he could absolutely murder anybody . let us see how he gets on against selby . he is the one who could produce something magical . he is very exciting and very attacking . if they go in he can beat anyone . ’ maflin demonstrated those gifts in demolishing steve davis 10-1 in qualifying . but selby ought to be a significantly different proposition , having won two titles this season ahead of his defence , which starts this morning . selby ( above ) will face tournament debutant kurt maflin in the first round on saturday . maflin ( above lost to selby in the semi-final of the world snooker china open earlier this month . white has tipped selby as one of his ‘ three to watch , with judd trump and ronnie o’sullivan , my big favourite’ . referring to the hoodoo surrounding first-time winners , selby said : ‘ it is a curse and it is going to be difficult but i will just try my best . it shows how difficult the tournament is to win . it is in the back of my mind , you can’t take that away . just to win it once as i did last year was a fantastic achievement for me but to win it twice and break the curse would be outstanding . ‘ even if i wasn’t defending champion i’d be nervous . it would be wrong if you didn’t get butterflies because it is such a great tournament and such a great venue . but hopefully the nerves will inspire me and i’ll play better . ’ o’sullivan begins his bid for a sixth world title against debutant craig steadman on tuesday . 