a neo-nazi charged with killing a gay supervisor at a community college said he did so because he hates homosexuality . stancil , who gave himself fascist face tattoos , is awaiting extradition from florida to north carolina , where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old ron lane . kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , told raleigh 's wral-tv on wednesday that he killed lane earlier this week in north carolina because lane had made sexual advances to stancil 's 16-year-old brother . scroll down for video . kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , claimed in a prison interview on wednesday that he had killed a gay college supervisor because he made sexual advances towards his teenage brother . in a telephone interview from a daytona beach jail , stancil said lane tried to take advantage of his brother . ' he ai n't physically touched him , but he was in the proposal to try to and i was n't going to let that happen , ' stancil said . stancil said lane was looking for stancil on facebook and found his brother . a goldsboro police spokesman did not immediately return a phone message on thursday about that allegation . ' i 'd do anything necessary to take care of my family , ' stancil said . he said he has no regrets about the shooting . ' i did what i did , and i 've got to live with it . if i get life , i just get life . ' i 'm a murderer , you know , what the hell do i got to care ? ' i do n't give a damn if i go back to society . ' stancil , shot dead his former work-study supervisor ron lane ( pictured ) and claimed to have killed three others - although police had no reports of unsolved homicides . stancil said he is a neo-nazi who is concerned about the future of white children . ' i try to look out for my fellow white people , ' he said . ' i do n't believe in race mixing . ' he was asked if he hates gays . ' yes , i do , with a passion , ' he replied , though he said that was only one of the reasons he killed lane , who had been his supervisor in a work study program at the college before he was fired for absenteeism . stancil also told the television station he had killed three other people , including two in the wayne county area . but the sheriff 's department told the station it has no report of any unsolved homicides that match stancil 's account . the accused killer appeared in court in florida on tuesday where he admitted to the killing , wral reported , despite the judge advising him he could remain silent . he confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement , saying he ' ridded one last child molester from the earth ' . he said lane , who had been his supervisor at the college 's print shop until stancil was fired last month , had been ' messing with ' one of stancil 's family members . lane was gay , and authorities said they are investigating a possible hate crime . they have n't released a motive for the shooting , but stancil was dismissed from a work study program at the print shop last month . his mother , debbie stancil , said her son was angry over being dismissed from his work-study job for excessive absenteeism . she also said lane made sexually laced comments to her son . ' he was verbally inappropriate with morgan at school . very much verbally inappropriate , ' she said . ' he would tell him to stop and he kept on . ' the 20-year-old is facing a charge of open murder . stancil pictured with his mother debbie at his graduation . she said he is ' rattled and confused and needs mental help ' . the mother also claimed that the victim had made sexually laced comments to her son .