sergio aguero wants to put pressure on premier league leaders chelsea by claiming victory in the manchester derby on sunday . city go into the derby at old trafford in fourth place , one point behind their neighbours after a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace on monday . manuel pellegrini 's team are nine points behind chelsea , who have a match in hand against bottom side leicester , but aguero knows better than most that city are not averse to an 11th-hour comeback . sergio aguero insists manchester city can retain the premier league despite defeat by crystal palace . the argentina international has struggled for form and fitness as city have slipped this season . the argentinian scored a 94th minute winner to wrest the title from united 's grasp in 2012 and he is not giving up on the top prize again just yet . ' of course we can still win it , ' the city striker told sky sports news . ' in football , anything can happen - as soon as you think something is certain , then everything changes , we have seen it so many times before and we 'll see it again . ' we only focus on ourselves , try to win every game we play and keep pressure on chelsea . ' city have beaten united in the last four manchester derbies : 8 april 2013 united 1-2 city . 22 sept 2013 city 4-1 united . 25 march 2014 united 0-3 city . 2 nov 2014 city 1-0 united . pellegrini 's team were level with chelsea on new year 's day , but the blues have pulled away recently after city lost three of their last five league games . united , in contrast , have won their last five matches , and aguero is wary of the threat louis van gaal 's team will pose at old trafford . he added : ' they are a team with a lot of great individual players , who can form an incredible unit when they work well together . but this season that has not always been the case . ' some matches they do n't seem to play at the maximum , with the attacking qualities that they have in the team . but then in other games , they have really shown that those qualities , so they are a bit unpredictable . we know we will have to be at our very best to beat them - there 's no doubt about that . ' the champions face manchester united on sunday , having won the last four derbies . aguero has scored six times against united , including this one at the etihad in september 2013 . van gaal came in for criticism at the start of the campaign after winning just three of his opening 11 matches in all competitions . radamel falcao was one of many new signings to struggle under the dutchman . seven months after signing the colombian on a deadline-day loan deal from monaco , he has scored just four goals for the club . aguero remains a fan of the former porto and atletico madrid forward , though . aguero said : ' they have a number of very talented strikers . the one who in his career has been the most predatory is falcao . ' he is n't having an easy time this season , but i really admire his commitment and his class and qualities are permanent . ' he is probably one of the most naturally-gifted strikers in football at the moment . ' aguero came face-to-face with ' one of the world 's most gifted strikers ' radamel falcao at a puma event . falcao has struggled to cement a starting place since arriving at old trafford on an expensive loan deal . aguero has also struggled in front of goal recently , failing to find the net in the last five league games . however , he has scored six times against united and is aiming to add to that tally this weekend . ' i always love to score , but of course it is even more special to score in the big games , ' he said . ' if you score against united at old trafford it almost give you shivers , because you can feel the tense atmosphere with most of the stadium being really quiet , but the away end going crazy . ' at home at it is different , when the city supporters are really loud in these games , it sometimes gives me goose bumps when they sing my name . ' 