wigan athletic have acted swiftly in finding a replacement for malky mackay , making former club captain gary caldwell their new manager as the championship strugglers look to fight off relegation . the 32-year-old , who has been at the dw stadium since 2010 , will take charge for the first time against fulham at craven cottage on friday . the move to appoint caldwell comes as a surprise , with the scot admitting himself that he did not expect to get the job . wigan athletic have made club captain gary caldwell their new manager on a long-term basis . caldwell ( right ) lifted the fa cup with wigan in 2013 but now he must lead them out of a relegation scrap . the former scotland international has made no secret of his intentions to take up coaching in the past . gary caldwell , who joined wigan in 2010 from celtic and was appointed captain in his first full season at the club . the scotland international signed a new one-year contract with the club in july last year and was given some coaching responsibilities as part of his new role . on retiring in february after being unable to recover from a hip injury , caldwell formally joined the academy as a member of coaching staff . chairman david sharpe said caldwell was ' the only candidate we considered ' . mackay was relieved of his duties following wigan 's 2-0 defeat to derby on easter monday , which left them eight points adrift of safety in the sky bet championship table . and the club has moved quickly to replace him , naming caldwell , who will be assisted by graham barrow , as his successor on a permanent contract . ' i 've made no secret of the fact that i wanted to move into management when the time was right , ' caldwell said . ' i did n't expect that to come along as quickly as this but , in football , you need to take opportunities when they arise and i am honoured and excited in equal measures to take charge at the latics , where i have shared such incredible memories over the past five years . malky mackay was relieved of his duties after defeat by derby on easter monday , with wigan struggling . ' we are in a really tough place at the moment , but we will approach the next five games with only one thing in mind , to win . after that , we will assess where we are and move on . ' wigan chairman david sharpe , who only recently took over from his grandfather dave whelan , said the move was made to get an immediate reaction but that the club see caldwell as their long-term leader . ' after a meeting with him on monday and discussions all day tuesday , gary was the only candidate we considered because we are so convinced of his qualities . chairman david sharpe ( centre ) made it clear that the appointment was part of a long-term strategy . ' people will talk about his lack of experience , but every young coach is in the same place , there are many examples of young coaches being given opportunities and being successful , ' he said . ' for me the timing was important ; we will look to get a reaction in the next five games and this period crucially gives gary a chance to look at the players in his way until the end of the season . plus it enables us to start working now with a manager we know will be in place next season . ' but this is an appointment for the long-term . ' caldwell , who turns 33 on sunday , will be formally presented at a press conference on wednesday morning , 