an extremist preacher who is suspected of radicalising jihadi john lives in a leafy west london street and can not be deported because of his human rights . egyptian-born hani al-sibai is believed to have influenced a number of young men , who then travelled abroad to join terror groups , including jihadi john , whose real name is mohammed emwazi . the radical cleric lives in the same neighbourbood where emwazi , who was unmasked in february as the notorious murderer in islamic state 's ruthless propaganda videos , hung out with fellow jihadists . now , security services are believed to be investigating al-sibai 's influence on the london boys terror cell of which enwazi was a part . scroll down for video . egyptian-born extremist preacher hani al-sibai ( right ) is believed to have influenced a number of young men into fighting jihadist , including ' jihadi john ' mohammed emwazi ( left ) . the sunday telegraph 's robert mendick and robert vervaik reported that it is claimed the preacher ' captivated ' a number of young muslim men who went on to fight jihad abroad . although it is not clear if the 54-year-old made direct contact with emwazi , he does post radical messages on websites he runs that are reportedly very influential on young wannabe jihadists . he has also been linked to adel abdel bari , another egyptian-born jihadist and senior al-qaeda operative . bari and al-sibai were close associates in london until bari was jailed for 25 years for a series of terror plots earlier this year . and bari’s son abdel-majed abdel bary , 25 , is well known as an aspiring rapper from west london , who is is thought to be part of jihadi john’s network inside islamic state . al-sibai recently sparked controversy when he aired his sexist comments live on air leading the female tv host to cut him off abruptly . al-sibai 's bank accounts and assets are subject to freezing orders by the united nations , the uk treasury and us treasury . he was accused of having ' provided material support to al-qaeda and conspired to commit terrorist acts ' in court last year - which he denied . last year , he went to the european court of justice in luxembourg in a bid to get his status as an al-qaeda affiliate overturned as well as and allow him access to bank accounts . but despite being identified as an affiliate of al-qaeda , al-sibai has blocked government attempts to deport him for more than 15 years - citing his human rights . when he first claimed asylum in 1994 , he told officials he had been tortured in egypt after acting as a lawyer for islamist groups and was linked to the opposition muslim brotherhood . he was denied on national security grounds , and was jailed in 1998 pending deportation . al-sibai was a close associate of egyptian jihadist adel abdel bari , whose son abdel-majed abdel bary ( pictured ) is believed to be part of jihadi john 's network in islamic state . but as officials were unable to obtain the necessary assurances to guarantee al-sibai’s safety , human rights laws mean suspects can not be deported to countries where they are at risk . so , despite being added to the un 's al-qaeda sanctions list ten years ago , he has temporary leave to remain in the uk . the rent on his home in hammersmith , which is owned by a housing association and reportedly worth up to £1million , is paid by the taxpayer , according to the telegraph . and while in the country , he has regularly provoked outrage with his extremist comments , notably describing the july 7 bombing as a ' great victory ' for the terror organisation . more recently , he made headlines after a female lebanese tv presenter cut him off for making sexist comments live on air . rima karaki had been conducting an interview with al-sibai on reports of christians joining islamic groups such as isis in the middle east when the scholar went off on a historical tangent . when she urges him to return to the topic at hand , it sparked a heated argument - ultimately resulting in ms karaki ending the interview abruptly for his lack of respect towards her . 