the son in law of disgraced new york politician sheldon silver was indicted monday on two charges unrelated to the separate investigation into his famous power-broker relative . just three months after silver himself was arrested on corruption charges , his son-in-law marcello trebitsch , 37 , was accused of running a $ 7million ponzi scheme . the brooklyn resident was in court on monday as prosecutors accused him of lying to investors about stock losses and pocketing most of the money entrusted to him for trading . trebitsch is married to silver 's daughter michelle . despite being a co-owner of their mutual fund , allese capital llc , and a certified public accountant who ' kept the books ' , michelle has not been charged in the scheme . the son-in-law of sheldon silver was charged monday with allegedly running a $ 7million ponzi scheme . silver , the former speaker of the new york state assembly , was charged in january for allegedly taking $ 4million in brides and kickbacks since 200 . silver pictured above entering court for his arraignment on february 24 . the criminal complaint was filed by manhattan u.s. attorney preet bhahara , the same prosecutor who led the investigation into silver 's alleged corruption . but sources told the new york daily news that the investigations are unrelated . ' investing in securities entails certain risks , but should not include the risk of being defrauded by one’s investment manager , ' bhahara said . according to the complaint , trebitsch took millions from investors , promising to invest their money in large-cap stocks through his mutual fund . however , prosecutors say he only invested a fraction of the money and used the rest to finance his family and pay back other clients . meanwhile , he allegedly lied to investors about what money he did invest , sending them fake account statements and tax forms that showed them posting positive returns along the lines of his promised 14 to 16 per cent - keeping ' enormous trading losses ' secret . trebitsch ran the scheme from 2009 through december 2014 , according to the complaint . trebitsch has been charged with securities and wire fraud and is currently free on $ 500,000 bond . if convicted he faces the possibility of 40 years in prison and fines of up to $ 5.25million . father-in-law silver was arrested in january , on charges he took $ 4million in brides and kickbacks since at least 2000 . following his arrest , silver was forced to give up his leadership position as speaker of the new york state assembly . silver has viciously denied the charges , and has said he is ' confident ' he will be ' vindicated in the courtroom ' . if convicted , the 71-year-old faces the possibility of 60 years in prison .