jessica ennis-hill has revealed she faces her ' biggest challenge ever ' as she attempts to juggle being a mother with winning gold at next year 's rio olympics . britain 's golden girl of athletics is ready to step back on the track nine months after the birth of son reggie and next month she will take on katarina-johnson thompson , 22 , who has risen to prominence in ennis-hill 's absence , winning pentathlon gold at the european indoor championships last month and taking her british record . after the inevitable sleepless nights and the weight sessions in her garage to keep up her fitness ennis-hill , at 29 , knows she faces a tough return . jessica ennis-hill admits juggling motherhood with her olympic aspirations poses a big challenge . ennis-hill will compete against katarina johnson-thompson in austria at the end of may . ennis-hill wants to be celebrating another medal win at the rio games in brazil in 2016 . a comparison of achievements between ennis-hill and johnson-thompson . she will race the hurdles at the great city games in manchester in mid-may before a tantalising heptathlon clash against thompson awaits in gotzis , austria on may 30 . ' this year is just about coming back , ' insisted ennis-hill yesterday at her english institute of sport training base in sheffield . ' i want to be successful next year . at the olympics i want to medal . ' it is quite hard to judge because i have never come back from this . i do n't feel like i am a million miles away but i am not 100 per cent sure what it is going to look like when it all comes together . ' this is the hardest challenge ever . i am not just saying that . it was really tough in the lead up to london ( 2012 ) but this is just a whole different ball game . ' ennis-hill has not competed at all since the london anniversary games of july 2013 , when achilles injury limited her long jump and hurdles performances before curtailing her season . her last heptathlon was that memorable evening in the olympic stadium in 2012 . reggie would regularly wake up ennis-hill and her husband andy three times a night in the beginning but has settled down recently . ' i love being a mum , it is amazing , and now he has a real personality , ' she said . ennis-hill will return to hurdling at the great city games in manchester in may . ennis-hill pictured with her husband andy at the 2013 sports personality of the year awards . ennis-hill has admitted she has struggled to balance the demands of being a mother with returning to fitness . ' but i 'd be lying if i said there had n't been days when i thought , ' i 'm not sure i want to do this , because this is really , really hard . ' i thought , ' i 've already become olympic champion . do i want all the stress again ? ' but i have to give it a go . i do n't want to look back and think , ' oh , maybe i could have done it . ' she suggested johnson-thompson 's continued success — the liverpudlian won gold in gotzis last year — is an incentive and they could go head to head over seven events in the world championships in august or in rio . ' i do think it helps having someone out there doing incredibly well as you want to get back to your best , if not a bit better , ' she added . ' it 's added motivation . it is always sad when your records go but she did amazingly . i 'm happy for her , she 's doing well , but equally i want to be back and competitive . rio is going to be the time she is at her peak , so it 's interesting . ' all heptahletes have a mutual respect . she 's a nice girl and i hope she says the same about me . there is n't that hate at all . ' where she does verge towards such sentiment is on discussion of tatyana chernova . the russian beat ennis-hill to gold at the 2011 world championships in korea but was in january revealed to have failed a drugs test in 2009 . ennis-hill admitted the success of johnson-thompson has provided an incentive to return to form . tatyana chernova ( left ) failed a drugs test two years before beating ennis-hill in south korea in 2011 . ennis-hil has written to the iaaf to ask why chernova has been allowed to keep her world title . she was given a backdated ban and had earlier results annulled — but kept her world title . ennis-hill has written to the iaaf to ask why and bid to get the gold . ' i 'm not happy about how the ban has been handled , ' she said . ' i ca n't really understand it . frustration is n't a strong enough word . if you are cheating , you 're out . ' i thought i could win gold and came away with a silver . i could have been double world champion . i definitely want that medal . ' jessica ennis trains in the adidas climachill apparel range designed with advanced fabric for maximum cooling , and the adidas ultra boost trainers . both available at www.adidas.co.uk .