an alopecia sufferer left with no body hair or fingernails is calling for the medical tattooing that changed her life to be made available on the nhs . brenda finn , 30 , says losing her hair at the age of 14 destroyed her confidence . she was also left suffering crippling anxiety and depression after bullying forced her to leave school . but now , after her family paid for her to have eyebrows tattooed on , she says she is finally able to face the world with more confidence . however she says having the procedure earlier would have made a huge difference to her life . scroll down for video . brenda finn , 30 , became depressed after her body hair and fingernails fell out ( pictured left ) due to alopecia . she says having eyebrows tattooed on ( pictured right ) has given her the confidence to face the world again . miss finn is calling for medical tattooing to become available on the nhs , as she says it could have saved her years of emotional pain . she suffered from crippling anxiety and depression due to her hair loss . crucially , she feels it would save the nhs money to make the treatment available to alopecia sufferers , who may then not require expensive counseling or ongoing treatment for anxiety and depression . she said : ‘ getting my eyebrows back has done for me overnight what psychotherapy and anti depressants could not . ‘ it has made me look more `` normal '' and feel more accepted because i don’t look so different anymore . ' i had forgotten what a difference eyebrows can make to a face and only wish i had access to this treatment years earlier . it could have saved years of anguish . ‘ the incredible difference it has made to me is why i think eyebrows should be available on the nhs and i hope that i can help make a difference to other sufferers . ’ miss finn says she does not consider the treatment to be cosmetic , but reconstructive . she said : ‘ i was so young when i lost my eyebrows that i hadn’t ever really drawn them on and if i did they were wonky and rubbish and made me look worse . ‘ i remained very self conscious about it . ’ the children’s entertainer from london was 14 when she was diagnosed with alopecia universalis . she woke up one morning to find hair on her pillow and when she scratched her eyebrow it fell out . she explained : ‘ mum thought i was playing a trick on her to get off school but when she realised i was telling the truth she panicked . after having her eyebrows tattooed on , miss finn even found the confidence to take part in a charity fashion show without her wig . miss finn was bullied at school for wearing a wig , shattering her confidence so much she left school . working as a nursery assistant with children , who accepted her wig , built up her confidence again . ‘ i could tell she thought there was something seriously wrong and rushed me straight to the doctor . ’ after blood tests miss finn was told she had alopecia and within weeks had lost all of her hair and nails . it was then when she started wearing a wig to school that the bullying started . she explained : ‘ i was nicknamed `` cancer girl , '' despite the fact i did not have cancer . ' my wig would be torn off my head to be used as a football or flushed down the toilet . ’ she endured six traumatic months before her teachers and parents agreed she should be home schooled . ‘ the bullying was so bad that i had just shut down mentally , ' she said . ' i wasn’t learning anything at school at all anymore because the bullying dominated everything . ’ she says she became very reclusive and rarely left the house for the next three years . ‘ looking back i was likely suffering agoraphobia triggered by the alopecia - but it wasn’t ever diagnosed . ’ it was only when her parents were able to purchase more expensive natural looking wigs that she started to feel confident enough to face the world again . miss finn had a £300 procedure to tattoo eyebrows on to her face ( she is pictured before , left , and after , right ) . she said : ‘ it was like my face changed overnight . it had structure and definition again ' . after securing a work placement at a local nursery , her confidence slowly grew and she one day admitted to the children that she wore a wig . she said : ‘ working with children was a great tonic for me because they are so accepting and didn’t care a jot that i was bald . ' in fact they loved playing with my wigs . it did wonders for my confidence . ’ in time , she started work as a children’s entertainer and enjoyed being able to ‘hide’ behind the costumes which concealed her hair and face . then last year her mother-in-law to be then told her about eyebrow tattooing , but miss finn could not afford the £300 procedure . she hoped it would be available on the nhs but when she learned it was n't , her future-mother-in law offered to treat her . she had the tattoo in february last year and was amazed at the difference it made . miss finn was 14 when she was diagnosed with alopecia universalis , meaning she has lost all her body hair , ( she is pictured before suffering the condition ) . she said : ‘ it was like my face changed overnight . it had structure and definition again . i looked , dare i say it , a bit more normal again . ‘ i can’t explain how good that felt . ‘i’m in a totally different place because of it and feel strongly that it should be available to all sufferers . ‘ i was very fortunate to have family pay for it but others won’t be . and they may be costing the nhs more in therapy or pills to lift their mood . ‘ i seriously think it needs to be addressed . ’ miss finn , who is set to marry her fiancé wayne next year , even found the confidence to take part in a charity fashion show without her wig , something she would never have done before her tattooed eyebrows . she said : ‘ this isn’t about vanity , it’s about acceptance after a medical condition which is a crucial part of the healing process mentally and physically . ’ she has now launched a petition to get the treatment on the nhs . to support miss finnsign her petition .