an australian teenager has joined the puffy pout craze by using a shot glass to pump up her lips to ridiculous proportions . violeta tupuola , who lives near canberra and already has naturally beautiful voluptuous lips , has joined the # kyliejennerchallenge sweeping social media of placing the opening of any narrow vessel over their mouth and sucking in until the vacuum of air causes their lips to excessively swell . in an attempt to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout , violeta got the shock of her life when she removed the shot glass and suddenly had such protruding lips that social media users compared her to a duck . scroll down for video . in an attempt to emulate kylie jenner 's bee-stung pout , violeta had such protruding lips that social media users have compared her to a duck . the response from one socail media user when watching violeta 's video was to post a photo of her with a duck . violeta has joined the # kyliejennerchallenge by placing a shot glass over her mouth so the vacuum of air causes the lips to swell . the new craze is popular among teens desperate to emulate jenner 's famous plump lips ( pictured ) . the video starts off with violeta putting lip gloss on her already luscious lips before she suctioning the shot glass over her mouth . when she first saw the bizarre result , which is reportedly painful with the effect lasting up to hours , she gasped and put her hand to her mouth in disbelief of the strange look and began giggling . violeta then took her her hand away and exclaimed ' oh my god ! i ca n't even close my mouth ' and then puts her hand over her mouth again while still laughing . she freaked herself out even further when after applying bright red lipstick which created a clown effect . the teen then began to pout and then reacted in a repulsed fashion saying ' ewwwwww ' while touching her massive lips . despite being quite alarmed by what she had created , violeta seems to be impressed at the same time - wondering whether she could get the same effect to plump up her butt . ' look how big it is - maybe i could do this to my a*** ! ' then screws up her face and exclaims ' ewwwwww ' yet again . violeta freaked herself out with the bizarre look that is said to be painful and last hours . despite being quite alarmed , violeta wonders whether she could get the same effect to plump up her butt . violeta shows off her already naturally beautiful voluptuous lips before pulling the crazy stunt . countless teens , both boys and girls , have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on twitter and instagram , which in many cases has led to severe bruising around the mouth . surprisingly , given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat , it appears the results are far from desirable . ' i screwed up , ' wrote one teenage girl along with her # kyliejennerchallenge selfie , while another complained she looked ' gross ' . a worrying new trend dubbed the ' # kyliejennerchallenge ' is sweeping social media , encouraging teens to blow their lips up to epic proportions using bottles or shot glasses ( pictured ) . ' made my chin look like a hickey a week ago and i 'll say i 've never felt so dumb , ' one disgruntled teen admitted . ' i did the # kyliejennerchallenge and my lips turned purple , ' claimed yet another . the method - one this journalist wo n't be road-testing - works by way of the airlock created in the opening of the glass or jar , which increases blood flow to the lips and causes them to swell . problematically , the results are said to last for hours , even days , with several people complaining that they were stuck with the after-effects for a lot longer than expected . the reportedly painful method involves participants placing their mouth over the opening of a cup , jar or shot glass and sucking in until the air vacuum causes their lips to swell up . countless teens , both boys and girls , have been sharing the disturbing results of their experiments on twitter and instagram . surprisingly , given the sheer number of teens attempting the feat , it appears the results are far from desirable . plenty of twitter users have been quick to ridicule the craze . ' stop with that kylie jenner challenge it 's so gross , ' one wrote . ' i hate our generation . it 's so dumb . like you guys are really sticking your lips in small cups , ' another ranted . ' do people not realise they 're bursting blood vessels ? ' another pointed out . the method works by way of the airlock created in the opening of the glass or jar , which increases blood flow to the lips and causes them to swell . problematically , the results are said to last for hours , even days , with several people complaining that they were stuck with the after-effects for much longer than expected . last month , two icelandic sisters attempted the trick by sucking into a hairspray lid , and warned others against it after the stunt went disastrously wrong . yrja ás baldvinsdottir , 18 , and her sister , bir­gitta ás , from creykjavik , were left with swollen and blue bruised lips . writing on facebook , yrja as said : ' i wanted to warn people against do-it-yourself lip expansion , but was really surprised and shocked that it ended up being something that loads of people were copying . ' i just wanted to try it and see what they would look like , i 've never done it before , and i wo n't be doing it again . it was very , very painful . my lips turned blue . ' one boy expertly demonstrates just how extreme the effects can be if you try hard enough . sore-looking red marks are visible around the lip line of this dejected experimenter . as for kylie herself , the 17-year-old kardashian clan member has recently denied artificially enhancing her lips , despite much speculation to the contrary . ' i have n't had plastic surgery , ' she told grazia daily . ' i 've never been under the knife . people flashback to pictures of me when i was 12 and say `` kylie 's so different '' but how can i look the same from 12 -18 ? ' plenty of twitter users have been quick to ridicule the craze , labelling it ' dumb ' and ' gross ' . ' i screwed up , ' wrote one teenage girl along with her # kyliejennerchallenge selfie , while another complained she looked ' gross ' . we can only hope this particular trend dies out as fast as it gained steam .