all of a sudden , it seems that everywhere we turn there are suncream ads and the shops are filled with offers on summer essentials . so should we be making the most of the bargains to restock the bathroom cabinet — or can we ignore the marketing ploys and dig out supplies that have been lurking at the back for years ? alice smellie asked industry experts to find out if it’s really vital to buy new supplies for summer . . . scroll down for video . out-of-date sun lotions may separate and not spread evenly , say experts , meaning you may not be completely covered with vital uv filters , even if the active ingredients in the sun cream remain stable . sunscreen . there can be few of us who haven’t dug out half-full bottles of spf30 from the previous year or , indeed , many years past , and wondered whether it’s still ok to slather on . but a recent survey revealed that almost three-quarters of uk holidaymakers are at risk of uv exposure because they use out-of-date sun cream . many experts recommend that we wear sunscreen every day all year round for anti-ageing purposes . certainly now the weather is heating up , damaging uva and uvb rays will be stronger . so , can we use old suncreams ? ‘ sun cream contains uv filters which fall into two main categories : synthetic or organic filters , which absorb uv light ; and mineral or inorganic filters , such as titanium dioxide , which mainly reflect uv light . frequently , both types are used in combination , ’ says dr chris flower of the ctpa ( cosmetic , toiletry & perfumery association ) . the issue is that out-of-date lotions may separate and not spread evenly , meaning you may not be completely covered with those vital uv filters , even if the active ingredients remain stable . when it comes to sun cream , experts advise playing it safe and restocking your supllies to ensure skin is properly protected from damaging damaging uva and uvb rays . out-of-date lotions are also more likely to cause skin irritations . ingredient specialist and product developer tammy hollis says : ‘ look at how we treat our suncreams — carrying them from sandy beach to sunny bar and air-conditioned hotels . this gives plenty of opportunity for bacteria to breed . ’ so experts recommend you don’t use a sun cream beyond the recommended period after opening . this is represented on the packaging with a picture of an open jar and a number of months ( usually 12 ) in most popular brands of sunscreen . meanwhile , dr flower advocates : ‘ chances are it will probably be ok if it’s just over a year old , although older bottles should definitely be binned . ’ verdict : play it safe . restock . after-sun . in an ideal world none of us would get sunburn , but occasionally we underestimate the heat of the sun . while it can’t reverse the damaging effects of the sun , after-sun contains soothing ingredients such as water , aloe vera and silicones , which evaporate quickly from the skin and cool it down . dr flower says : ‘ the main effect is to cool and reduce the effect of over-heating and to help avoid skin peeling . ’ while after-suns may seem innocuous products , people forget they are applied to vulnerable , damaged skin . for this reason it’s vital that you adhere to the recommendations regarding when you should discard lotions . while after-suns may seem innocuous products , people forget they are applied to vulnerable , damaged skin . for this reason , it’s vital that you adhere to the recommendations regarding when you should discard lotions . ‘ damaged skin may be more prone to developing irritations , allergies or infections anyway , ’ says dr flower . ‘ so the older the after-sun , the more likely it is to contain bacteria . if a pathogenic organism — a disease causing bacteria — was applied to damaged skin , then it’s possible you might develop an infection of the skin . ’ verdict : restock . mosquito repellent . no one wants to be the person on holiday who is stung from top to toe , and in tropical countries where malaria is a risk then an effective repellent is vital . but can you keep using the same spray year after year ? ‘ insect repellents work in two different ways , ’ says howard carter , ceo of incognito mosquito spray and a mosquito bite prevention expert . ‘ many brands use deet as their active ingredient . this is a neurotoxin which interferes with the mosquito’s nervous system . they become confused and are prevented from biting . ’ when it comes to bottles of insect repellent , experts say you 're probably ok to use the same bottle for a couple of years , but keep a close eye on the use-by date , especially if travelling to far-flung countries . howard says that if any bottle of deet is open it must be replaced after two years because the active ingredient may stop working as effectively . he adds : ‘ be aware that it can corrode through plastic bottles and cause damage to surrounding items . ’ he says that those containing natural ingredients such as citronella or bergamot , may only last a year – this is because oil may lose certain components of its scent and potency , though others , including incognito , can last for up to two years . verdict : you’re probably ok for a couple of years , but keep a close eye on the use-by date , especially if travelling to far-flung countries . fake tan . the sun is shining but your legs are as white as the winter snow . who hasn’t shaken up that bottle of fake tan mousse that’s been lurking at the back of a cupboard for an indeterminate number of years and looked despairingly at the green tinged product that emerges ? ‘ the dha which creates the brown colour is a derivative of fermented sugar beet , ’ says ingredient expert tammy hollis . ‘ when it goes on the skin it’s not stimulating melanin production ( which is what happens when you’re in the sun ) , but reacts with proteins on the top layer of skin known as the epidermis to turn brown . fake tan usually lasts 12 months once opened . the active ingredient dha is usually in water-based solutions without many preservatives , say experts . once it is past its use-by date it oxidises and goes green . ‘ this active ingredient is usually in water-based solutions without many preservatives . once it is past its use-by date it oxidises and goes green . the smell may become slightly metallic or stronger . ’ fake tan usually lasts 12 months once open . verdict : if it looks ok , you can probably go ahead . bite cream . this is a medicine cupboard staple which is probably used little more than twice a year , so it can take a long time to finish a tube . ‘anti-histamine , hydrocortisone bite creams and crotamiton itch creams are the three common forms of treatment for stings and bites , ’ says pharmacist sultan dajani , spokesperson for the royal pharmaceutical society . ‘ once open , these creams will go off more quickly if they aren’t stored properly — they must be in a cool , dark place otherwise bacteria may be introduced or they simply won’t work as well . if you store it properly it will last up to the expiry date , which may be as much as two years . ’ verdict : restock as soon as it is out of date , or if it is runnier than normal or smells funny . hair colour protection spray . uv exposure is extremely damaging for coloured hair . scientists have found large amounts of cysteic acid ( usually found in badly permed hair ) in the ends of lank locks which had had a great deal of sun exposure . this causes hair to lose strength and snap . protection in strong sunlight is highly recommended . most hair protecting sprays recommend you discard after 12 months . consultant trichologist iain sallis . ‘ if you store it in a cool dry cupboard with no light they may last longer than 12 months but once the heat and light of sunshine get in , as is likely on holiday , the ingredients will start to degrade more quickly . ’ the result is that hair will no longer be protected . verdict : if stored away from the light , you don’t need to restock . 