this is the terrifying moment a car drives directly in front of an oncoming train , sending glass , crash debris and a street light flying across the road . surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle , when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . the car gets rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill as a street light gets sent flying . despite the crunch , the driver of the car miraculously escapes uninjured . caught on camera : surveillance video shows a sound transit link light rail carriage going along a straight trackway in south seattle , when all of a sudden a white sedan veers left into its path . wrong direction : it is not clear what caused him to drive in front of the train . daytime drive : the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way south . according to local news reports , the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage . it is not clear what caused him to drive in front of the train . he was taken to harborview medical center in seattle for treatment of minor injuries . complaints reportedly included neck and back pain . there were no reports of anyone on the train being injured . the incident occurred just after 11am on monday where the rail tracks intersect at 7150 martin luther king way south . all central link rail service was temporarily suspended due to the crash . full service was restored just after 3pm . crash site : as the two vehicles collide , debris flies everywhere . high speed : the car is then rapidly rammed back until the train eventually reaches a standstill - a metal street light is knocked over in the process . all hands on deck : according to local news reports , the 50-year-old driver of the car was trapped for about 15 minutes as firefighters fought to dismantle the wreckage . lucky escape : he was taken to harborview medical center in seattle for treatment of minor injuries - complaints reportedly included neck and back pain .