mothers across the globe have been left outraged by an alleged religious community that is criticizing moms for having cesarean sections instead of natural childbirths – creating a series of insulting campaign images , or memes , that claim they ' did n't really give birth ' . the facebook page of the so-called disciples of the new dawn has sparked an internet firestorm as thousands of mothers share , and comment on , the group 's anti-cesarean memes , expressing their disgust at the outrageous messages they express ; the community , led by father patrick embry , is using the images to encourage fellow christians to shame ' lazy ' and ' negligent ' mothers who have elected to undergo c-sections . ' face the facts : you did n't really give birth . you caught a lucky break . please show respect to superior women who actually had what it took to get the job done , ' reads one of the group 's facebook memes , which has been shared nearly 80,000 times since it was posted on sunday . alarming message : this controversial anti-cesarean meme posted on the disciples of the new dawn 's facebook page on sunday has been shared nearly 80,000 times . propaganda : the religious community claims women will be ' cast into the lake of fire ' if they undergo a c-section . ' good advice from matriarch graber on behalf of the circle of matriarchs , ' the disciples of the new dawn captioned the controversial image featuring a woman 's c-section scar . the post continued : ' they have delivered many babies over the years , naturally and not once has needed a c-section or pharmaceutical toxins . pregnancy is a beautiful thing as it is the zenith of a woman 's role in a moral christian society . if god has decided to call you home , it is not up to you or a doctor to reject him . you may find yourself cast into the lake of fire for doing so . god 's peace [ sic ] . ' although some reporters claimed to have spoken with mr embry , many question the existence of the extreme religious community and the validity of its messages . and while it remains unclear as to whether or not the page was created with the sole intention of inciting fury , its most recent postings have taken the internet by storm . not scientific : this meme alleges that women who avoid vaccination are ' more likely ' to have a natural vaginal birth . public shaming : this meme featuring a mom in a bikini states that women should n't flaunt their stomachs after having cesarean sections because they did n't take care of themselves while they were pregnant . scare tactics : the community added this picture caption to the meme to remind women that god is always ' watching ' and ' judging ' . thousands of women are sharing their stories and reasons for undergoing c-sections in the comment sections of the images , which claim there is ' no medical need ' for cesareans . ' i am proud to have had a c-section ! i was in labor for 3 days , ' barri lynne thomas wrote today . ' we found out my baby was stuck on my pelvis face up ! if they would have simply moved her giving birth naturally i could have killed her ! [ sic ] ' sara jane schwarz asked : ' how is it a lucky break ? getting a c-section means that the baby 's and or the mother 's life is in danger . ' she continued : ' birth is a miracle . it should not be played down or slandered like this group has done . it 's a disgrace to women everywhere for this group to post such a hurtful and tactless post . it does n't matter how one gives birth . all that matters is that there is birth of new life and everyone is safe and healthy . ' not true : this controversial meme claims that women who have c-sections ' do so because of decades of drug abuse and alcohol dependence ' . unfair claims : the disciples of the new dawn also believe that there is ' no medial need ' for cesarean sections when giving birth . outrageous accusation : the group called women who have c-sections ' lazy ' parents . ' ignorance is bliss . may god forgive your stupidity , ' wendy comfort added . and cassie wallace noted : '8,304 ppl liked this post ? see , to me , that 's the scariest part ... [ sic ] ' meanwhile , others are breathing new life into old petitions looking to remove the group 's page from facebook because of its history of ' severe hate speech ' and ' sexism ' . 2,500 new supporters have joined one online petition on change.org today . ' i am signing this because of the hatred and condemnation they give to mothers who were not able to have a ' natural vaginal ' birth and they are saying anyone who did not have this type of birth was due to drugs or ' being a little w**** , ' one woman from texas explained . nothing new : the dawn of the new disciples has a history of being accused of being sexist and hateful towards women . dangerous thinking : the religious group claims that sticking to gender stereotypes is the key to a healthy and happy household . impressionable minds : this disturbing image was allegedly drawn by a child and shared on the group 's junior disciples page , which was created for younger members of the sect . she continued : ' this is very demeaning to women and mothers . it also makes claims that any mother who chose a c-section committed a sin and should have refused it even if it mean death for both the mother and child . ' dawn of the new disciples currently runs numerous pro-life , pro-gun twitter accounts and facebook pages including the dawn guard militia and junior disciples , a community for its younger members , which features disturbing religious images allegedly created by children . one picture , which was posted in february , shows jesus smiling while surrounded by guns . ' the lord has given us many wonderful blessings in our life . none more precious than the god given right to bear arms . every firearm is an extension of his hand . every round like a heavenly embrace from jesus himself , upon your adversary , ' the group had captioned the controversial drawing . violent thoughts : this childlike drawing shows jesus smiling as he is surrounded by guns and a bloody knife . loaded message : the picture was accompanied by this caption , which alleges that ' every firearm is an extension ' of god 's hand . family affair : this photo of three young boys brandishing guns was shared on the dawn guard militia page , which is also run by the religious community .