five afghan men were found hiding in the back of a refrigerated lorry after travelling 200 miles across britain . it is thought the migrants had climbed into the british-registered truck in belgium before crossing the channel and entering the uk illegally . police sniffer dogs were used to find them after officers opened the truck 's back doors on the a40 near churcham , gloucestershire . a group of afghan men discovered crammed in a refrigerated lorry in gloucestershire are removed by police . photos taken by officers show the tiny space the men had climbed into between crates in the packed trailer of the hgv . gloucestershire police tweeted photos of the moment the men were brought out of the lorry this morning . they tweeted : ' [ police dog ] max & his handler assisting on the a40 at churcham . 5 stowaways on board from afghanistan . '1 of the 5 men from the refrigerated hgv on the a40 at churcham . possibly climbed in in belgium . ' the men were found a week after an illegal camp of migrants was cleared in calais , the french port closest to britain . it is believed the men boarded the lorry in belgium before crossing the channel and travelling across britain . sniffer dog max helped find the men , who had wrapped themselves up in hats and scalves in the cold . around 200 people were thought to have been living in a sports hall but were told to move on or face arrest by french authorities . the port 's outspoken mayor has already blamed britain 's benefits system for attracting the migrants , thousands of whom have massed in calais waiting for an opportunity to sneak into lorries , cars or caravans and enter britain . eleven suspected illegal immigrants were arrested last week after they were seen clinging to a moving lorry last week . the group , believed to be from syria , were arrested on the m20 motorway near folkestone , kent , on suspicion of illegal entry into britain after they were seen riding on top of the vehicle by a fellow driver . it is the latest in a series of similar incidents after french authorities began dealing with huge numbers of migrants who have set up camp in calais and are desperate to reach britain .