tennis champion novak djokovic has apologised to a startled ball boy and his parents after the serbian player startled him during his final showdown with andy murray . djokovic started shouting at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the miami open to murray . during the tirade , djokovic grabbed a towel from the shocked youngster who was caught up in the crossfire . umpire damien dumusois issued djokovic a warning for the way he shouted at his support team , but there was no reprimand for the manner in which he treated the ball boy . tennis champion novak djokovic issued an apology to a ball boy he frightened during the miami open . djokovic shouted at his backroom team when the ball boy got caught up in the cross fire . djokovic grabbed a towel from the ball boy , pictured , who seemed startled by the loud confrontation . however , following his victory , djokovic posted a message on his facebook page apologising to the youngster and his parents . he said : ' it 's probably been the best start to a season aside from 2011 that i had in my career , and i ca n't be more grateful for all the support i 'm getting from you guys and i 'm enjoying my time playing and competing and hopefully i brought a smile to your faces . ' also i want to reflect on a bad moment that happened in the final against andy when i lost the second set . i yelled to my camp and my box in frustration . ' i saw the replay . unfortunately a ball boy was in the middle of it and i really , really feel sorry and regret that he was there . there was absolutely no intention whatsoever to hurt him or scare him in any kind of way . i sincerely hope he forgives me . i really apologise . ' djokovic then extended his apology to the boy 's parents . ' i do care about children a lot right now and i look at it in a much different way , ' he added . ' so i want to apologise to his parents for this situation as well . as a father i would n't wish that something like this happens to my son . ' again i sincerely hope you can forgive me and that we can move on . unfortunately sometimes the emotions get the better of you . ' also times as a professional athlete you learn how to control them and how to stay composed and mentally strong . but on a hot day like this when andy was playing well and pushing all my buttons it was n't easy . ' the youngster was standing between djokovic and his backroom team during the heated exchange . djokovic , right , defeated britain 's number 1 andy murray , left , following sunday 's final in miami . 