those hoping to meet an alien creature may well do better to look beneath the waves than beyond our own atmosphere . scientists have discovered strange new organisms that infect the primitive forms of life that live deep below the ocean floor . while examining species of bacteria that thrive on the fossil fuel deposits deep inside the earth - known as archae - they have found a new type of virus that infects them . this graphic shows how the new archael virus changes uses ' docking tips ' - purple area - to infect bacteria . they now believe it may be viruses like this that actually hold the secret that have allowed archae bacteria to adapt to some of the harshest environments on earth . this is because the virus actively causes one of its own genes to mutate - allowing it to develop new ways of coping with the ecosystem it finds itself in . life has been discovered nearly a mile and half underground , raising hopes bacteria might be able to survive deep beneath the surface of other planets . researchers found the single-celled organisms living inside coal beds more than 8,000ft ( 2,440 metres ) below the seabed off the coast of japan . it is the deepest life has yet been found beneath the ocean . at those depths the spherical microbes have to survive huge pressures that would crush most organisms while having no access to light or oxygen often needed for life . instead , the bacteria scavenge the chemicals they need to survive by breaking down the hydrocarbon compounds in the coal around them . the findings have raised the prospect that life may still be clinging on deep underground on planets such as mars , where there was once thought to be flowing water on the surface . scientists have already speculated that the discovery of archae bacteria deep inside the earth 's crust has raised prospects of finding life on other planets . now it seems they may also find viruses like this one living there too . dr david valentine , a geoscientist at the university of california santa barbara and co-author of the research , said : ' our study uncovers mechanisms by which viruses and archaea can adapt in this hostile environment . ' dr valentine and his colleagues discovered the virus while exploring methane vents 2,800 feet beneath the surface of the ocean in the santa monica basin off the coast of california . by pushing tubes into the ocean floor they retrieved sediments and brought the contents back to the lab where they grew the bacteria . when they screened the genomes of the methane-eating bacteria they discovered the genetic fingerprint of the new virus . the researchers , whose work is published in the journal nature communications , screened other samples taken from around the world and found similar fingerprints in bacteria from norway and elsewhere along the coast of california . dr blair paul , lead author of the research and an earth scientist at the university of california santa barbara , said : ' the evidence suggests that this viral type is distributed around the globe in deep ocean methane seeps . ' scientists used submersible alvin ( left ) to obtain sediment samples ( right ) from the the santa monica basin . the sea floor , shown above , is covered in microbial mats of primitive bacteria that are infected with viruses . the researchers also found that a small genetic element - known as a diversity-generating retroelement - was able to accelerate mutation of a specific part of the virus 's own genome . dr paul added : ' the target of guided mutation -- the tips of the virus that make first contact when infecting a cell -- is similar . ' but the ability to mutate those tips is an offensive countermeasure against the cell 's defenses , a move that resembles a molecular arms race . ' the researchers also found similar guided mutation elements in the archae bacteria living under the ocean floor themselves . tiny bacteria known as nanoarchaea targetted four distinct genes . dr valentine said : ' the cell is choosing to modify certain proteins . the image above shows a ridge covered in microbial mats on the ocean floor of the santa monica basin . ' it 's doing its own protein engineering . while we do n't yet know what those proteins are being used for , learning about the process can tell us something about the environment in which these organisms thrive . ' the findings suggest that life living beneath the ocean floor and in the cracks of rocks deep below the surface could be far more diverse than previously thought . it is thought that there may even be more biomass living inside the earth than on its surface . matt kane , program director for the national science foundation 's division of environmental biology , said : ' life far beneath the earth 's subsurface is an enigma . ' by probing deep into our planet , these scientists have discovered new information about earth 's microbes and how they evolve . '