one of the earliest spitfires ever to go into action has gone on sale for £2.5 million after spending 40 years buried in sand on the french beach it crashed on . the mark 1 version of reginald mitchell 's famous design was among the first built in march 1940 but spitfire p9374 , once flown by an airman involved in the great escape , never made it to the battle of britain as it crash-landed in may 1940 . the fighter plane , dubbed the ballerina because of its grace in the skies , was being piloted by flying officer peter cazenove over dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a german dornier bomber . before it was lost , spitfire p9374 was at one point almost certainly flown by squadron leader roger bushell , later ' big x ' , who was part of the famous breakout from german prisoner of war camp stalag luft iii . scroll down for video . back in the sky : this iconic mark 1 plane was among the first built in march 1940 , but spitfire p9374 never made it to the battle of britain as it crash-landed over dunkirk in may 1940 . in 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave . beached : german soldiers sitting on the spitfire brought down on the wet sands at calais by flying officer peter cazenove . it had been hit by a single bullet from a german dornier bomber . the plane was consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for 40 years . captured : the fighter plane ( pictured left ) was being piloted by flying officer peter cazenove ( right ) over dunkirk when it was hit by a single bullet from a german dornier bomber . cazenove was then captured by the nazis and taken to the stalag luft iii prisoner of war camp . cazenove , a 32-year-old old etonian of the stock-broking dynasty flying his first combat mission , had no choice but to bring the aircraft down on the wet sands at calais , despite radioing in to say ' tell mother i 'll be home for tea ! ' shortly before doing so . he was then captured by the nazis and also taken to the stalag luft iii prisoner of war camp , famous for the great escape . the plane became consumed by the sandy beach and remained there for the next 40 years . in 1980 the wreckage was discovered when part of it was spotted poking out from its sandy grave . it was corroded and covered in barnacles but amazingly still intact . the plane was dragged from the beach and taken to the musée de l'air in paris . sadly , cazenove died just a few weeks before the spitfire was discovered . shortly before he passed away he is even said to have told his wife ‘ i wonder whatever happened to my spitfire ' . steeped in history : a technician with the propeller of the restored supermarine spitfire ( pictured left ) at the imperial war museum in duxford , cambridgeshire , and pilot ken wilkinson ( right ) , who is photographed with the spitfire that he flew during the second world war . second world war spitfire pilot ken wilkinson posed next to the mark 1 aircraft at the imperial war museum earlier today . the spitfire , one of the last of its kind remaining , is due to be auctioned for charity on july 9 and is expected to fetch up to £2.5million . donation : the plane was bought by american billionaire philanthropist thomas kaplan after it was discovered in 1980 . he had it restored to its original condition and now plans to donate the proceeds from the sale to the raf benevolent fund and wildlife charity panthera . the spitfire p3974 after its restoration . originally built at the vickers armstrong factory in southampton , spitfire p3974 was delivered to 92 squadron at raf croydon in march 1940 , one of the most celebrated squadrons in the raf . the merlin iii engine installed in p9374 was built at rolls-royce , derby , on october 27 1939 . during spitfire p9374 's service with 92 squadron it is known to have been flown by at least eight different pilots , and was almost certainly flown by the squadron 's commanding officer squadron leader roger bushell , later ' big x ' of the great escape fame . records show that p9374 had a total flight time of 32 hours and 5 minutes at the time of its loss . eventually the plane was bought by american billionaire philanthropist thomas kaplan , who had it meticulously restored to its original condition by a team of expert engineers . mr kaplan , an oxford-educated gold trader , owns both of the surviving mk1 spitfires . he has now listed the plane cazenove piloted for sale through london auctioneers christie 's uk , 75 years since the battle of britain , with an estimate of £2.5 million . he plans to donate the proceeds to the raf benevolent fund and wildlife charity panthera . the other mk1 - n3200 - will be gifted to the imperial war museum duxford . mr kaplan said : ' when my great childhood friend simon marsh and i embarked upon this project , it was to pay homage to those who winston churchill called the few , the pilots who were all that stood between hitler 's darkness and what was left of civilization . ' these coming events are more than anything else , concrete gestures of gratitude and remembrance for those who prevailed in one of the most pivotal battles in modern history . ' the return to duxford of n3200 which was itself piloted by the heroic commander of raf duxford , is an act of love for britain that began with my and simon 's mutual passion for aircraft and desire to enshrine a british legacy . ' he added : ' the sale of p9374 for charity is likewise an opportunity to share that passion with others and to benefit causes that have moved me since boyhood . ' the raf benevolent fund represents a way to honour that breed who gave so much for britain when its existence was imperilled . ' john romain , pilot and chief engineer at the aircraft restoration company which undertook the project , said the original spitfire is a remarkable piece of second world war history . he said : ' we have restored it over the last five years . it came to us quite literally in boxes of parts that had been removed from the beach in france . ' we spent five years restoring it back to its original state - it is unique in that sense . ' we have seen spitfires at auction before , but many years ago . this one is particularly special , it is very unusual to see a spitfire like this go to auction . ' it was a special project for me to be involved in . ' experts say the plane offers a unique insight into the skirmishes allied pilots faced . robert copley , christie 's uk deputy chairman , said : ' christie 's is proud to be entrusted with the sale of this spitfire ; a truly iconic aircraft which is symbol of the bravery of the few in the battle of britain ' . second world war spitfire pilot ken wilkinson ( pictured ) with the plane . the cockpit of the restored supermarine spitfire , which was one of the first spitfires ever built in 1940 , at duxford 's imperial war museum . records show that the p9374 spitfire ( pictured left and right ) had a total flight time of 32 hours and 5 minutes at the time of its loss . when luftwaffe commander hermann göring asked his flying ace adolf galland what he needed to win the battle of britain , he replied : ‘ a squadron of spitfires . ’ the plane was so feared by the luftwaffe that many nazi crews claimed to have been shot down by one when they had really been downed by the slower , more numerous , hurricane . the first plane shot down by a spitfire was an raf hurricane in 1939 in a friendly fire incident known as the battle of barking creek . after d-day , flying ace johnnie johnson organised a supply run of spitfires with barrels of beer slung under each wing to bring the ‘ necessities of life’ to pilots on front-line airfields in normandy . spitfires were occasionally painted pink to blend in with the sunset and sunrise when used for low-level reconnaissance flights . its pilot , mr cazenove , who came from a banking dynasty , was part of the ill-fated bid for freedom from stalag luft after he had been captured by german forces . he did not manage to get away as he was a big man who could n't fit in the escape tunnel - which probably saved his life . mr romain said : ' he got involved in the great escape , but luckily for him he did n't escape that day . most of his colleagues who did were then shot . ' he came back to the uk after the war . ' spitfire p9374 is now flyable once more and will take to the skies again at iwm duxford in the ve day anniversary air show on may 23 and 24 . ' we have restored 18 spitfires over the years but have never been asked to restore one to such an exacting standard , ' mr romain added . ' i 've done the test flying and it was beautiful to fly . it really is a beautiful aircraft . it has flown at duxford and people there started calling it `` the ballerina '' , and that nickname has stuck . ' mr kaplan said he embarked on the project because he wanted to ' enshrine a british legacy ' . robert copley , deputy chairman of christie 's uk , said : ' christie 's is proud to be entrusted with the sale of this spitfire ; a truly iconic aircraft which is symbol of the bravery of the few in the battle of britain . ' we look forward to seeing this extraordinary mk.1 spitfire reach new heights at the exceptional sale , which will be a unique moment in auction house history . ' the sale will take place in london on july 9 . the merlin iii engine installed in p9374 was built at rolls-royce , derby , in october 1939 . the iconic aircraft 's sale will take place on july 9 . taking to the skies : spitfire p9374 will be flying again at iwm duxford in the ve day anniversary air show on may 23 and 24 . during spitfire p9374 's service with 92 squadron it is known to have been flown by at least eight different pilots , and was almost certainly flown by the squadron 's commanding officer squadron leader roger bushell , later ' big x ' of the great escape fame .