a talented body painter is travelling across america merging members of the public into beautiful backgrounds . natalie fletcher 's '100 bodies across america ' project sees painted individuals blended into the likes of tourist hotspots , forests and ruins . for each work natalie travels to a certain spot in the country before selecting volunteers - not models - who she then paints . scroll down for video . talented body-painter natalie fletcher has been travelling around the united states painting different people in each town - here she painted two people as a brick wall in carolina . katie and dez were painted as part of a beach scene raising their arms happily in the air . so far natalie , 29 , has created works in front of the likes of the welcome to las vegas sign and superstition mountains in arizona . each work takes here between 45 minutes and three hours to complete , with her subjects wearing only underwear whilst being painted . creative natalie , from bend in oregon , usa , hopes to complete the entire series by september this year . she said : ' i have been preparing for this for three years - it 's my dream project . i 've been on the road for so long now i no longer know the days of the week . in this stunning picture the model , alondre , is painted as a dessert scene as she perches on a rock . this lady called nicole is painted as a water scene and a bike , with blue water covering her body and the mountains across her chest . ' the people i have met , painted and just hung out with have been incredible . i want to put out a positive message of ' love your body ' - it 's the only one you are going to get . ' that is why i make people on art : each canvas is unique and beautiful . ' natalie began her project in march and plans to paint two people in each state that she visits . on her website the artist encourages those that want to be painted to get in touch with their ideas . this model is painted as a lake , blending into the background as part of natalie 's project . joel and amber were painted together as a forest with their bodies blending in to the beautiful trees behind them . natalie has been making her journey around the states in a van . describing the journey so far on her blog she said : 'i’ve always enjoyed traveling but there’s always something nice about going home and just being lazy sometimes . 'i’ve had to put that desire out of my head . i no longer know days of the week , or even what date it is . 'i’m very disorganized , my van is a wreck , my hair is becoming dred-locked . shaving my legs has become a luxury . home cooked meals have never tasted better . and yes , i’m pretty tired . ' this lady , named sam , was painted to look like tree bark , although it is unclear as to why she is carrying a gun . todd ( left ) wanted to be painted into the las vegas sign , whilst kelc and becca ( right ) were painted as a wall . erin looks relaxed as she poses having been painted by natalie as a field of flowers . but natalie says that the models that she has been working with have kept her going even when times have got tough . she revealed : ' but what keeps me going ? my models ! they’re so brave ! some have modeled in 45 degree weather , some have de-robed withing 30 mins of meeting me . ' some have had to walk through national monuments in their undies painted up . i have a love for humanity more than i ever have ! benji is painted as a fence , natalie says that she asks her subjects to email with suggestions of what they would like to be painted as .