everyone is watching valencia’s 19-year-old left back jose luis gaya with manchester city , arsenal and chelsea hoping to snatch him from under real madrid’s nose this summer . sportsmail 's pete jenson takes a look at the spain under 21 defender . why are english clubs so keen ? his buy-out clause is currently set at £13.5m . when you consider that luke shaw – of a similar age and potential – cost £27m it would be silly not to be interested ; although there would be also be reservations about his suitability to the premier league . jose luis gaya ( right ) in action for valencia during a la liga match with sevilla earlier this season . reservations ? he flies forward very much in the style of jordi alba and juan bernat . but those two left-backs who came before him at valencia are in sides that allow them to play at times as auxiliary wingers – one at barca and the other for pep guardiola at bayern . there would be more defensive duties in england and he would be tested in the air . he has plenty of spring and good technique but at just 5ft 7ins it is not his strong point . basically , you’re saying he can’t defend… . no , not at all . he is lightning fast and that enables him to recover position very quickly as well as correct his own , or his team-mates’ mistakes . he is also tenacious in the tackle – and aggressive enough to come out on top against bigger players . and he is 19 so a coach such as mourinho would be able to improve him defensively . but what is indisputable is that his natural inclination is to attack . gaya is an attack-minded left-back who likes to get forward at every opportunity . and he is very effective going forward ? much like the aforementioned bernat and alba , and liverpool’s alberto moreno , he grew up playing as a winger before gradually been moved back to full-back . he’s not just an overlapper , he’s very good off of both feet and can make runs inside to play through-balls or shoot . he also played as central striker before being moved wide and as an 11-year-old whose idol was david villa , he scored 60 goals one season in valencia’s academy . spain already seem to be well-stocked at left-back so will he make it to the senior first team ? he has represented his country at every level since under-16s and has tended to benefit every time juan bernat has moved up an age category , stepping into his place . he is currently first choice for the under-21s . of course at senior level everyone stops moving up and as good as he is it will be hard for him to shift alba and bernat ahead of france 2016 . gaya slides in on atletico madrid midfielder arda turan during last month 's match in madrid . does he want to leave valencia ? he has supported the club all his life . hour-long trips from his home in alicante to train with them since age 11 have helped ingrain that affection but there is a reason why he has still not signed a new deal that would increase that £13m buy-out clause . if the offer is right and from the right club then he is ambitious and he will go . will he come to england ? valencia would rather do business with an english club than real madrid . but if the buy-out clause is met then there is little the club can do about deciding where the player goes . he’s 20 in may and staying in spain will be appealing . at madrid he will be just three hours away from his family and friends on the east coast . he will want some guarantees at madrid however . marcelo is first choice at the moment so how many games will he actually play ? a club like arsenal could come in and promise far more first-team football which might sway him but madrid are favourites . gaya , pictured here at the 2013 under 20 world cup , has represented spain up to under 21 standard . gaya ( left ) talks to team-mate federico vico during an under 19 international against germany . real madrid bought danillo this week and now they want gaya . and they already have dani carvajal and mareclo . are they building a team of full-backs ? reserve full-backs alvaro arbeloa and fabio coentrao have been identified as two of the weaknesses of the squad . they want danillo and carvajal contesting the right back position next season , and gaya and marcelo the left-back spot . coentrao and arebeloa will both be sold in the summer . there is also a fifa investigation into their signing of under-age youngsters currently ongoing . with a potential transfer ban hanging over them they want to cover every gap in their squad . 