an eight-year-old girl showed off her hand speed and overall boxing prowess while completing a pad work drill with her father . evnika saadvakass , from kazakhstan , became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old after she was filmed throwing around 100 punches in less than two minutes . the video was viewed around three million times and now two years on the young girl has returned to update the world on her progress . evnika saadvakass became a youtube sensation when she was five-years-old when her video received around three million views . captured on a 40-second-clip , evnika’s work rate is relentless and her ability staggering . standing with an orthodox stance , the youngster begins raining shots at her father who quickly cycles his hands to meet her demand . the power on the punches is audible as she bounces around in a controlled manner before starting to shadow box . dodging and weaving punches that come back at her , the youngster maintains her controlled stance – her legs planted to the ground – and continues to let her hands go . the young girl 's work rate is relentless and her ability is staggering in the 40-second long clip . the youngster maintains a controlled stance and continues to let her hands go while bobbing and weaving . evnika shows no sign of tiredness as she unleashes a ten-punch combination before going back to her original pad work drill and then repeating the process . the video has received many positive comments from viewers on both evnika’s facebook page and youtube channel . on facebook , ian ray wrote : ‘ unbelievable . i’ve watched this video about 30 times in the last two days , amazing speed and coordination . ’ while on youtube a commenter pointed out the youngster’s versatility as she boxed southpaw ( with a right-hand-led stance ) in her first video . the viewer also stated that evnika is definitely going to feature at the olympics in a few years time . the young boxer stands in an orthodox stance as she throws hundreds of quick punches at her father . evnika shows no sign of tiredness as she unleashes a ten-punch combination before returning to her pad work . evnika’s father rustam said : ‘ my friends keep telling me : ‘ it would be cool if we could have trained like this when we were kids . ’ ‘ just imagine , how great our life could be if we had skills like evnika ? ‘it’s every child’s right to start training when they’re under five and then use the gained skills for the rest of their life . ‘ actually , this is not a video about sports , but about our parental abilities and things we can give our children today . ’ the youngster 's father rustam quickly cycles his hands to keep up with his daughter 's punch demand .