supermodel liya kebede has become the first black woman to grace the cover of vogue in five years . the 39-year-old ethiopian-born stunner fronts vogue paris 's upcoming may issue , before mrs kebede , the last black woman to cover vogue paris was model rose cordero in march 2010 . in january of this year , british vogue ended a 12-year run of failing to use a single woman of colour on its cover when it gave jourdan dunn the prized accolade . supermodel liya kebede has become the first black woman to grace the cover of vogue in five years . dior spring '15 couture . click to check out the dior site here . visit site . liya kebede has been making news as the first black woman to grace vogue paris ' cover in five years and she certainly dressed up for the occasion . the supermodel rocked a color block geometric print jumpsuit from dior 's spring couture line with a pair of killer black boots with a perspex heel . this jumpsuit has seriously caught our eye - in that statement print you 'll be sure to stand out at any event - be it a festival or beach break . this jumpsuit is unavailable to buy online , but that does n't we ca n't be vogue worthy in a similar abstract print romper ! just head to our edit below for our fave printed picks from asos , jaded london and more . go all out and team yours with towering platforms and big hair a la liya . and if you 're feeling festively - you can never have too much face glitter going on ! mara hoffman jumpsuit at net a porter . visit site . foxiedox crepe bianca jumpsuit at nasty gal ( now reduced to $ 68.60 ) visit site . jaded london sleeveless unitard in feather festival print at asos . visit site . boohoo ellie ethnic jumpsuit . visit site . mrs kebede , who posed for vogue in a colourful geometric ensemble amid a crimson backdrop , was discovered in ethiopia as a teen , and moved to paris and then new york , where she carved out a successful modelling career . in part , she has vogue paris to thank for her meteoric rise to fame , after it put her on its may cover in 2002 and dedicated the entire issue to her . mrs kebede has been married to ethiopian hedge fund manager kassy kebede for 15 years , and has two children with him , suhul , 14 , and raee , ten . american vogue has been leagues ahead on pushing diversity at the newsstands , having featured more black cover stars in 2014 than it ever has before in a single year . four stars - rihanna , lupita nyong'o , joan smalls and kanye west - appeared on its covers last year out of a total of 15 overall , the rest of whom were white . the 39-year-old ethiopian-born beauty , pictured with her husband and kids , fronts vogue paris ' upcoming may issue . in january , jourdan dunn became the first black model to cover british vogue in 12 years ( left ) , while the last woman of colour before mrs kebede to cover vogue paris was rose cordero in march 2010 ( right ) . it 's certainly an improvement . in 2010 , when halle berry fronted vogue 's most important volume of the year - the september issue - she became the first woman of colour to do so since naomi campbell in 1989 . earlier this year , the fashion spot assessed 44 major print publications across the globe to determine which magazines did and did not feature models from a minority background on their cover at some point in 2014 . american vogue featured more black cover stars in 2014 than it ever has before in a single year , including rihanna in march ( right ) and lupita nyong'o in july ( left ) . according to the fashion spot , white models were chosen as cover stars nearly five times as often as non-white women ( pictured ) . white models were found to appear 567 times out of 611 total covers , while people of colour made the cut just 119 times , nearly five times less overall . harper’s bazaar u.s. and uk , vogue uk , vogue netherlands , vogue paris , vogue ukraine , vogue russia , teen vogue , numéro , love and porter all failed to use a single woman of minority on their covers at all in 2014 . only time will tell whether vogue will continue to lead the way in including a wider range of ethnicities on its covers in 2015 , and whether the rest of the fashion world will follow .