the ministry of defence was under fire after vital details of the raf 's main base on the falklands islands were published on their website . the secret document , which has the exact gps co-ordinates of vital facilities as well as information on the depth of concrete on the runway were published unencrypted on the mod 's website . the details could be used as ' an invasion guide ' by argentina , with the technical information providing excellent intelligence to any argentine bombers sent to attack the islands . the falklands islands are defended by a squadron of raf typhoon aircraft operating from mount pleasant aerodrome on west falkland , supported by a refueling tanker to extend their operational area . the aerodrome also operates as a search and rescue location with sea king helicopters , pictured . the airstrip , pictured , is home to four europfighter typhoon aircraft tasked with defending the islands . the aerodrome manual was accidentally uploaded onto a public section of the mod 's website and could have been downloaded by argentine intelligence agents to help prepare a mission to recapture the islands . a senior military source told the express : ' this is exactly the kind of intel foreign powers send spies to get . ' it 's practically an invasion handbook . taking out the runway could cripple britain 's ability to fight off invaders in the ongoing sovereignty dispute . ' the mod admitted the manual had been available on the internet but the link had been disabled . they denied the information was particularly sensitive . the blunder occurred as argentina was described as a ' very live threat ' by defence secretary michael fallon . this comes as argentina is preparing to lease 12 sukhoi su-24 long-range bombers from russia . the falklands islands are defended by modern eurofighter typhoon aircraft , supported by rapier surface-to-air missiles and 1,200 troops . the royal navy also patrols the area and nuclear-powered submarines are also thought regularly travel to the region . and the mod recently announced the £228million purchase of new anti-aircraft missiles to boost island defences . the jets are housed in hangers just off the main runway where they can be airborne quickly to intercept any potential aircraft inbound from argentina in the event of a new conflict . argentina is considering leasing 12 suhkoi su-24 bombers , pictured , from russia . the cold war-era jets have a range of 650 miles and would be able to bomb mount pleasant without the need to refuel . the mod published the aerodrome manual on their website where it could be downloaded by anyone . the cold war-era jet has a maximum range of 650 miles - which means it could attack the falklands islands and return to argentina without the need to refuel . it also can carry 3,000kg of bombs as well as air-to-air missiles . the jets , despite being designed in the 1960s , are also capable of supersonic travel . this comes as tensions between britain and argentina have increased over plans by uk firms to drill for oil in the south atlantic . argentina 's minister for the malivinas - the name it uses for the falklands islands - daniel filmus threatened to prosecute any british firms exploring for oil near the islands . he said : ' the new exploration efforts to try to find hydrocarbons in the area carry a huge environmental risk . ' we want the owners of the companies to be tried according to argentine laws and international statutes . ' a foreign office spokesman said : ' we have always been very clear that this is an unlawful assertion of jurisdiction over the falklands islands ' continental shelf , which we reject , and we will raise it will the appropriate authorities . ' we are satisfied that the islands have the right to develop their hydrocarbons sector as a legitimate commercial venture with international oil and gas companies , and will continue to support them as they move forward . argentine domestic law does not apply to the falkland islands . ' 