this is where floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will wage violent combat on saturday night . the mgm grand garden arena will also be the place where they add untold fortunes to their already significant wealth . as for me , i’m just thrilled that i will be sitting at ringside . on the safe side of the ropes rather than inside with either of the two greatest fighters on the planet . sportsmail 's boxing correspondent jeff powell sits on the corner of the ring at the mgm grand . this is the ring in which floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao will face each other in on may 2 . the fight is expected to earn at least $ 300million ( £195m ) with mayweather receiving $ 180m ( £117 ) and pacquiao $ 120m ( £79m ) . the fight will attract a record amount of revenue from sponsorship , which is expected to add another $ 13.2million ( £8.72m ) to the mega-fight . tecate have paid $ 5.6million to become the official beer and lead ring mat sponsor of the bout . top rank president todd duboef told espn.com that the five title sponsors for the event will chip in a total of $ 13.2m , roughly three times the previous highest amount . although exact records for sponsorship have not been kept , some mayweather bouts from years gone by have attracted around $ 4m . according to the report by espn , tecate have paid $ 5.6m ( £3.7m ) to become the official beer of the fight and the main ring mat sponsor , beating the $ 5.2m ( £3.44 ) bid from corona . sportsmail 's powell will be ringside for the richest fight in boxing history on saturday night . mayweather will put his undefeated record on the line when he faces pacquiao in this ring . the steps that both fighters will walk up on their way into the ring on may 2 . the mgm grand is ready to host the richest fight in boxing history as las vegas prepares for the fight . mayweather arrives at mgm grand in las vegas ahead of his $ 300m fight with pacquiao . pacquiao is welcomed to las vegas by hundreds of fans at the mandalay bay hotel across the strip from the mgm grand . 