thiago alcantara scored the winning penalty as bayern munich edged out bayern leverkusen to reach the german cup semi-final - but was lucky to still be on the pitch . as the spaniard challenged for the ball , he followed through with a kick into the chest of leverkusen 's stefan kiessling . with the match deadlocked at 0-0 at the end of extra time , thiago then converted the decisive penalty in the shootout after bayern goalkeeper manuel neuer had saved josip drmic 's effort . scroll down for video . thiago alcantara challenged for the ball but followed through with a nasty kick into stefan kiessling 's chest . thiago 's kick went unpunished and he later helped his side through to the semi finals of the german cup . kiessling was taken off shortly after the incident as the cup tie headed for half time . thiago peels away after scoring the winning penalty in the shootout against bayer leverkusen . manuel neuer makes a save from the spot as german cup holders bayern munich progress . neuer gets down well to deny bayer leverkusen ace josip drmic from the spot as the game went to penalties . neuer and thiago alcantara acknowledge each others ' contribution as they progress to the semi-finals . the bayern munich squad run towards neuer following thiago alcantara 's winning penalty in leverkusen . bayern 's goalkeeper neuer makes a save after a shot by bayer leverkusen 's karim bellarabi . ' penalties are always a matter of luck , ' said bayern forward thomas muller , who converted from the spot . ' this match cost us a lot of nerves . ' the victory kept pep guardiola 's team on course for a repeat of the 2013 treble . his team is the far away leader in the bundesliga and is also in the quarter-finals of the champions league . guardiola watched the shootout calmly from a chair on the sidelines . both teams had chances to settle the issue earlier , with mueller coming close late in the first half and neuer foiling karim bellarabi after the break . neuer gets down well to deny bellarabi during their german cup match in western germany . wendell challenges mario gotze during the quarter-final german cup game in leverkusen . bayern munich 's midfielder sebastian rode vies for the ball against spahic on wednesday night . at the other end , bernd leno parried robert lewandowski 's effort , before neuer denied bellarabi once again in a pulsating match . bayern 's rafinha made a vital lunging clearance to prevent julian brandt from getting off a clean shot as the 90 minutes came to an end . mario gotze wasted bayern 's best chance in the 98th , missing the target from close range while unchallenged at the far post . bayern played without the injured arjen robben , franck ribery and bastian schweinsteiger . bayern 's dante from and leverkusen 's stefan kiessling challenge for the ball during the german cup game . spahic puts his head where it hurts as thomas muller goes in with a raised boot in leverkusen . bayern 's head coach pep guardiola directs his players during their german cup game on wednesday night . leverkusen 's bellarabi and bayern 's gotze challenges for the ball during a german cup match .