ryanair passengers travelling to edinburgh and zadar , croatia were delayed for hours after two of the budget airline’s planes clipped wings at dublin airport this morning . photos snapped by travellers show the tip of a winglet dangling by a thread after clipping the other plane - and it 's the second time in six months two ryanair planes have collided at ireland 's busiest airport . passengers escaped injury when the planes collided as they taxied to a runway shortly before 8am , but the incident caused disruption for hundreds of travellers . passengers snapped photos of the damaged winglet after two ryanair planes collided at dublin airport . passengers escaped injury after two ryanair planes clipped wings while taxiing to a runway at dublin airport . passenger shannen murphy , who was seated on the edinburgh-bound plane which lost part of its winglet , told mailonline travel : ‘ we were just about to approach the runway and there was another ryanair plane quite close , but i thought maybe it had broken down or something . ‘ and then next of all there was a jerk in the plane , which felt like we had gone over a really big pothole . ’ moments later the pilot announced over the tannoy that there had been ‘ an incident’ with another plane and passengers would have to return to the terminal . shannen said passengers were stuck on the plane for up to 90 minutes , as they waited for buses to arrive , and they arrived in edinburgh about three hours behind schedule . ‘ as soon as we were off [ the bus ] we were taken straight to a new plane and within 30 minutes we were up in the air . ’ one of the ryanair planes ' winglets was left dangling after the collision on a taxiway at dublin airport . emergency services attended the scene of the collision as a precaution . passengers on board both planes were taken back to the terminal by bus and put on replacement aircraft to continue their journeys to scotland and croatia . the boeing 737s involved in the collision were taken out of service to undergo inspections and any necessary repairs . the collision caused delays for other flights , with one passenger tweeting : '2 jets hit at dublin , my flight to malaga delayed ' . dublin airport said in a tweet : ‘ no injuries on the two aircraft which clipped each other on a taxiway this am . passengers in process of being taken off the aircraft . ’ a passenger snapped this photo of the boeing 737s after they collided while taxiing to a runway . emergency services attended the scene of the collision as a precaution , but were not needed . dublin airport sent a series of tweet urging passengers to check their flight status . referring to a similar incident that occurred in october , one passenger wrote on twitter : ‘ ryanair have done it again , two aircraft have collided while taxiing to the runway # ryanair # facepalm’ . a ryanair spokesperson said the collision occurred as two planes ‘ were taxiing slowly’ to the runway . the spokesperson told mailonline travel : ‘ the winglet of one aircraft appears to have scraped the tail fin of the other . a ryanair spokesperson said the collision occurred as two planes ‘ were taxiing slowly’ to the runway . the boeing 737 that was preparing to take off for edinburgh remained on the taxiway for more than an hour . passengers disembarked and returned to the terminal by bus after the planes collided . ‘ both aircraft were under the instruction of dublin airport air traffic control at the time . ‘ customers have been bussed back to the terminal and will board replacement aircraft to continue their journeys to edinburgh and zadar . in october a ryanair jet had its winglet torn off when it collided with another plane belonging to the budget carrier at dublin airport . the boeing 737s heading to edinburgh and brussels were taxiing to a runway when they collided in darkness . passengers’ photos of the aftermath showed the winglet lodged in the rear wing of the plane it crashed into . last year in june , two ryanair planes clipped wings – ripping the tip off of one of them – at london stansted airport . customers faces delays of up to three hours after the planes , one bound for warsaw and one which had just arrived from frankfurt , collided . fire trucks surround the ryanair planes after they collided at dublin airport this morning .