former qpr manager harry redknapp says that tottenham have not made any progress under mauricio pochettino this season , insisting he has been rescued by the kids . spurs are almost certain to miss out on champions league football again with club currently occupying a place only in the top six , although they did reach their first major final since 2009 this season . argentine boss pochettino has put his faith in the likes of harry kane , nabil bentaleb and ryan mason , while more experienced , higher-profile players have been pushed out to the fringes . harry redknapp says tottenham manager mauricio pochettino has been rescued by the kids this season . harry kane has scored 20 premier league goals this season , while ryan and mason has played a key role . redknapp insists the club have not moved forward under their argentine manager this season . and former spurs boss redknapp , who led the club to two top-four finishes during his tenure , says that a sixth or seventh place finish this season is not progress . ' i like the manager , i think he 's excellent , ' redknapp told sky sports . ' he is a great guy as well . ' but let 's be honest , they have n't pulled up any trees . finishing sixth or seventh is certainly not going forward . but he needs another year . ' really , he 's been rescued by the kids this season - harry kane , ryan mason , nabil bentaleb , danny rose , andros townsend , kyle walker . former qpr boss redknapp was also critical of tottenham 's recruitment policy after selling gareth bale . roberto soldado joined the club for £25.9million but has struggled to make an impact . ' they have been the best players at the club and have probably kept them going . redknapp has also criticised tottenham 's recruitment policy after the club spent the money received from the sale of gareth bale on big-money signings that have failed to deliver . roberto soldado ( £25.9million ) , erik lamela ( £25m ) and paulinho ( £17m ) have all struggled to justify their hefty price tags . argentina international erik lamela is another that has failed to live up to a hefty price tag . ' they have bought players in and have n't spent wisely . the players that have been brought in are n't down to him . ' the big signings that have come in have been a disaster . that is something daniel is going to have to look at , the recruitment was poor . ' they have changed that around now and i think they have new people coming in . they have to make sure when they make more signings , they 're better than the ones they 've got . '