juventus have made a move for paulo dybala , the palermo striker who has caught the eye of manchester united and arsenal , according to reports in italy . gazzetta dello sport report that , with speculation carlos tevez could be eyeing a return to argentina with boca juniors , the serie a side have tabled an offer of 25million euros ( £18m ) for the 21-year-old . turin-based tuttosport follow up those reports by adding that maurizio zamperini , the palermo president , is hoping interest from sides such as united and arsenal will spark a bidding war that will raise dybala 's fee . la gazzetta dello sport ( left ) and tuttosport feature juventus and their attempts to sign paulo dybala . palermo striker dybala ( left ) has also been linked with a transfer to manchester united and arsenal . the paper adds that juventus have made an early move for the striker to avoid such a scenario . in spain , barcelona continued to resist real madrid 's charge to overturn their four-point deficit atop la liga . luis enrique 's side won 4-0 at almeria , with lionel messi and luis suarez getting on the scoresheet , while madrid recorded a 2-0 victory at rayo vallecano . cristiano ronaldo opened the scoring for carlo ancelotti 's side with his 300th goal for the club , a feat which as lead with . as ( left ) report on cristiano ronaldo 's real madrid form , while barcelona are on the front of mundo deportivo . madrid 's players mob ronaldo ( second left ) after he scored his 300th goal for the club on wednesday . the paper says ronaldo is ' pulling the cart ' as the portugal international also assisted james rodriguez 's goal , madrid 's second . mundo deportivo believe barcelona ' are ready to climb the hill ' after thrashing almeria . luis enrique 's side have a challenging run of fixtures ahead , taking on sevilla and paris saint-germain away from home in la liga and the champions league respectively , before returning to the nou camp for the visit of valencia and the return leg against psg . 