masters wednesday began on a sombre note when australian marc leishman , who got so close to victory in 2013 before finishing tied fourth behind countryman adam scott , had to withdraw . his wife audrey spent part of last week in an induced coma owing to a serious infection . leishman left augusta taking with him the best wishes of his sport . marc leishman has withdrawn from this year 's competition to be with his wife . masters chairman billy payne talked a lot about growing the game but he ruled out any idea of starting a women’s masters . ‘ we have a very short member season at augusta national of seven months , ’ he explained . ‘ the time that we dedicate to the preparation and conduct of the tournament is already extensive . i don’t think we would ever host another one . ’ billy payne has ruled out starting a women 's masters despite talking about growing the game . it’s well-known the garish surroundings outside augusta national contrast markedly with the beauty within . but maybe that’s about to change . after buying up all the houses on adjacent berckmans road and turning it into a patrons’ car park , masters chairman billy payne is promising a ‘beautification’ project . ‘ as you know , we’re pretty good at landscaping , ’ he said . ‘it’s going to look nice , i promise . ’ mr unpopular bubba watson can surely not have upset anyone with his choice of menu for the champions dinner on tuesday . clearly he enjoyed it so much two years ago he decided to stick with the same inoffensive offering : caesar salad followed by grilled chicken breast with green beans , mashed potatoes , macaroni and cheese and cornbread . bubba watson was recently voted the most unpopular golfer on tour by his fellow professionals . favourite pic of the week so far ? it might well be arnold palmer , clad in his green jacket , snapped under the oak tree in front of the clubhouse alongside niall horan , the keen golf-playing member of one direction but better known in these parts as rory mcilroy’s par three caddy . talk about a game that spans the generations . arnold palmer shakes hands with niall horan ahead of the 79th instalment of the masters . the famous eisenhower tree on the 17th hole might have gone following an ice storm last year but it has certainly not been forgotten . the club unveiled a mounted cross-section of the tree that will remain on show in the press building this week before being presented to the eisenhower library in kansas for permanent display . the tree was named after the american president after he kept hitting it with his drives . a section of the eisenhower tree is displayed during a news conference at the masters . jack nicklaus showed he’s still got it at the age of 75 with a hole in one at the fourth in the par-3 contest . but he couldn’t match colombian camilo villegas who recorded two , at the fourth and eighth . camilo villegas recorded two aces during the par-3 contest , beating jack nicklaus ' solitary hole-in-one .