a 44-year-old woman has been shot dead in front of her 12-year-old son by a stranger she simply laughed at while passing him in her car . denise chiffon berry and her son were driving in hawthorne , california on wednesday afternoon when they passed by three men in a cadillac - one of whom had his legs dangling out of the window . the mother and son allegedly laughed at the scene , but someone in the car did n't find it funny when he made eye contact with the 12-year-old boy . scroll down for video . denise chiffon berry , 44 , and her son ( pictured ) were driving in hawthorne , california on wednesday when a stranger in a cadillac started shooting at them . ms berry died at the scene while her unidentified son survived . los angeles county sheriff’s department lt. dave coleman told daily mail online on friday that the mother and son were simply having a chuckle . ' mommy says , `` look at that , isn’t that funny ? '' and they made eye contact . she drove on and they began following her , ' he told the daily breeze . lt. coleman said on friday that no other connection between ms berry and the occupants of the car had been found . after driving a few blocks , ms berry feared the men were following her so she pulled over near the 14200 block of kornblum ave to tell a police officer parked there monitoring traffic . the officer told ms berry to park in front of him and he would investigate the cadillac . it was as ms berry was parking , that the cadillac pulled up and the man in the front passenger seat jumped out and shot at her and her son with two handguns . the police officer at the scene quickly responded and shot down the gunman . both the gunman and ms berry were pronounced dead at the scene . while her son suffered gunshot wounds , he was able to run away from the scene and spoke to police before undergoing surgery on wednesday . the 12-year-old was in a stable but fair condition as of thursday . denise chiffon berry , 44 ( pictured ) was pronounced dead at the scene on wednesday . the metro bus driver leaves her 12-year-old son and an older child , according to neighbors . the 12-year-old boy managed to get away from the scene despite being injured in the shooting and give information to police before being hospitalized and undergoing surgery . scene : when they noticed the cadillac was following them , the mother and son asked a police officer for help . they were pulling in front of his suv when the white car pulled up and a man got out and started shooting . ' it appears to be random or misguided , ' coleman said . 'we’ll have to figure that out . ... we know that , at some point , the little boy made eye contact with the suspect . we don’t know if that’s what set him off . ' authorities have since identified the shooter as 38-year-old robert washington of rialto , california . the two other men in the 1994 cadillac were taken into custody . driver stanley white , 24 , faces charges of murder and conspiracy while 19-year-old backseat passenger brandon white was arrested for conspiracy . the half brothers were being held on $ 1million bond . a neighbor who arrived on the scene said he knew washington , who has a previous felony conviction among others , and found the attack out of character for the father-of-two . ms berry had worked as a metro bus driver for the past more than four years and had an older son , neighbors said . ' she was a very nice lady , ' a neighbor said . ' she surely didn’t deserve this . ' lt coleman told daily mail online that ms berry and the father of her 12-year-old son appeared to be estranged . she also leaves two adult sons .