known for his life of fast cars , supermodels , and heavy-duty firearms , dan bilzerian is perhaps the last man you would expect to be fronting a video about responsible gun use . but the so-called ' king of instagram ' has been forced into making a public safety announcement in order to avoid jail after being arrested for placing homemade explosives into a tractor before shooting them . the film shows a stony-faced bilzerian speaking from behind a desk in his lavish home , complete with gun-shaped candle holder , an action figurine of himself , and a bizarre painting , while lecturing people on ' responsible ' gun ownership . dead pan : speaking from a desk in his home , complete with gun candle holder ( rear left ) , an action model of himself ( front left ) , dan bilzerian has been forced into making this film about responsible gun ownership . not amused : the playboy gun-obsessive was forced into making the short film in order to avoid jail after being accused of placing homemade explosives in a tractor and shooting them . he says : ' as an avid shooter remember to shoot responsibly and follow the rules . ' public lands are for everyone 's use . be responsible when shooting and clean up the area you were shooting in so others can enjoy the land . ' referencing the charges against him , bilzerian says : ' when shooting exploding rifle targets check with local and state law laws . ' just because you can buy an exploding target , does not mean that it is legal to mix and explode . ' if shooting exploding targets use only in intended use containers . ' the tape then cuts away to footage , believed to be of bilzerian , shooting a target which promptly explodes into a plume of flame . he adds : ' as this is not intend use . ' bilzerian published this photo after he was released from custody following his arrest last year with the caption ' jail ... let 's not do that again ' , a phrase he is forced to repeat in the film . arsenal : trust-fund child and professional gambler bilzerian amassed 7.4million instagram followers by posting a constant stream of images featuring guns , young women , and wild parties . bilzerian goes on to warn viewers that they can kill themselves or others when shooting exploding targets , before urging people to ' be responsible ' . he then ends the film by saying ' jail ... let 's not do that again ' , the same phrase he sent to his followers after he was initially released from custody , along with a picture of himself on his private jet with two young women . bilzerian has a following of 7million people on instagram where he has become known for posting images of scantily clad women , wild parties , and his extension gun collection . his outlandish lifestyle has led to legions of fans and critics following his every move , which is all funded by his vast inherited wealth . and it was that following the bureau of land management decided to tap into when they agreed not to jail bilzerian following his arrest last year . instead of locking him away , they gave him a rather nominal $ 10,000 fine , but also strong-armed him into making the film , which has since been widely viewed . lethal force : bilzerian once served in the navy and took part in seal training , but was dismissed two days before passing after being disrespectful to an officer . heavy artillery : bilzerain has used his socail media following to turn himself into a celebrity by bragging about his lifestyle , including firing this 20mm cannon . explosive temperament : on thanksgiving day , blizerian shared this video of him blowing targets to smithereens with a large-caliber gun . this is not the first time bilzerian 's crazy antics have got him into trouble with the law . at the end of last year he found himself on the end of a lawsuit after model vanessa castano claimed he kicked her in the face in a nightclub . footage from the scene appears to show bilzerian dancing on a stage in a club in south beach , miami , with the crowd below him , before he lashes out with his foot . however , last month police said they were no longer investigating the model 's claims . bilzerian has been in trouble with the law before after pornstar janice griffith , 19 , attempted to sue him for $ 85,000 when he threw her off his roof and into a pool , breaking her foot . model vanessa castano ( pictured ) also threatened to take bilzerian to court after alleging than he kicked her in the face while dancing in a club in south beach , miami . he was also facing a lawsuit for $ 85,000 in lost earnings after he threw pornstar janice griffith , 19 , off the roof of his home and into the pool below . however she landed short , breaking her foot . she had tried to claim money for shoots she could not attend following the accident . bilzerian fought back , claiming the model grabbed at his t-shirt at the last second , nearly dragging him off the roof with her . the charges were eventually dropped . bilzerian is reportedly worth $ 100 million , making the bulk of his cash as a high-stakes gambler after developing his skills as a student at the university of south florida . bilzerian 's life usually consists of partying with young , attractive women and firing high-calibre weapons - so it is no surprise he was less than enthused about the safety video . bilzerian is reportedly worth $ 100million , making the bulk of his cash as a high-stakes gambler . he has won multiple tournaments , his most successful being the 2009 world series of poker . he is also co-founder of online poker room , victory poker . before gambling , he served with the navy before eventually getting kicked out of seal training two days before graduating for offending an officer . he was ultimately given an honorable discharge . he lives extravagantly with homes in las vegas , san diego and los angeles ,