a bizarre performance from stan wawrinka saw grigor dimitrov breeze through 6-1 , 6-2 to his first masters quarter-final of the season . wawrinka is the defending champion in monte carlo and seldom has a title been relinquished so easily . the swiss no 2 played like he was in a hurry - and not in a good way . rushing between points , wawrinka won the first of the match and then made four unforced errors in a row to surrender his serve . grigor dimitrov powers a forehand from the back court in his comfortable win over stan wawrinka . wawrinka , the monte carlo masters defending champion , appeared out of sorts in the 6-1 6-2 defeat . the world no 9 looked listless and disinterested , rolling in 95mph first serves and ballooning groundstrokes long . he did not appear to be injured but something was very clearly wrong ; four winners and 41 unforced errors can not be put down merely to a bad day at the office . wawrinka 's coach magnus norman is not in monte carlo this week and , watching at home , he may have been glad of the opportunity to turn off the television . dimitrov moves through to the quarter-finals where the bulgarian will meet frenchman gael monfils . wawrinka was n't at his finest as he failed to get on the board in the match until the fifth game . in the second , wawrinka played a little better - he could scarcely have played worse - but still gave dimitrov a generous helping of mistakes . the world no 11 broke early and wawrinka served to stay in the match at 5-2 down . four tame unforced errors later and dimitrov was through to the last eight . the crowd on court central would have expected a thrilling encounter between two of the most expressive players on tour . instead , they were treated to an abject and mystifying performance from wawrinka . the 30-year-old finally got on the board in the fifth game of the match , although this was down more to errors from dimitrov - who was n't even playing especially well himself - than any improvement from the swiss . but the bulgarian broke for a third time and closed out the first set 6-1 . dimitrov and a disappointed wawrinka shake hands at the end of the quickfire encounter . 