the victim of a road rage attack during rush-hour traffic has come face-to-face with the man suspected of shooting her in the head . dietrich evans was arrested yesterday for the attack which left kay hafford with bullet fragments in the bottom right side of her brain . the brave church singer agreed to face her alleged shooter in a police line-up and evans , 22 , has now been charged with aggravated assault . scroll down for video . dietrich evans has been arrested on suspicion of shooting kay hafford in the head in a road rage attack . lucky to be alive : kay hafford , 28 ( left and right ) was shot in the back of the head in a texas road-rage accident but was able to pull over and call for help . ms hafford , who is still recovering , had been trying to get on the freeway in houston when she honked at a passing suv . she said the pair had an angry exchange and the driver then began taunting her . a short time later , the motorist pulled up beside her , aimed a gun at the front passenger window of her red dodge avenge and pulled the trigger , reported click2houston . evans , 22 , was arrested on suspicion of the shooting after detectives from harris county sheriff 's office say they discovered the gun used to shoot through hafford 's window and a car matching the description of the shooter 's . shot fired : officials say hafford got into an angry confrontation with another driver and honked at him , prompting the man to fire on the passenger window of her dodge avenger ( pictured ) . officials confirmed that evans , who is being held on $ 250,000 bond , is a documented gang member . incredibly , ms hafford told eyewitness news she was n't angry with her attacker but felt sorry for him . on meeting him she said : ' it made me nervous . i just shed my few tears and i let it go . i knew without a shadow of a doubt , it was him . ' seeing him made me hurt a little bit . i kinda feel sorry for him , but i 'm not mad at him . i appreciate him coming forth . he just needs help and they got him . ' the victim said she had prayed for police to catch her attacker or for him to give himself up and was delighted her prayers had been answered . artistic : both hafford ( right ) and her husband of nearly two years , kendrick hafford ( left ) , are musicians . ms hafford said the argument began when she was ' cut up ' by the suspect as she turned into the feeder road to the north freeway . he had driven alongside her shouting for her to roll down her window and as she entered the freeway she said she heard a loud noise and felt pain in the back of her head . despite the gunshot wound , she was able to pull over and dial 911 . it took responding constables about 15 minutes to track down the woman 's car and get her medical help , reported khou . paramedics who responded to the scene rushed her to memorial hermann texas trauma institute . ms hafford , nee kelley , works as a singer at a houston-area church . her husband of nearly two years , kendrick hafford , is also a musician , according to her facebook page . when he arrived at the hospital to visit is wife , mr hafford described her survival as a ' miracle . ' when asked by reporters what he would like to say to the man who shot kay , the husband replied : ' may god deal with you . ' 