a man has made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination of custard , jam and meat immortalised in popular tv show friends . on the show hapless character rachel decided to treat her loved ones to what she mistakenly thought was ' a traditional english trifle ' layered with all the trimmings - including ladyfingers , jam , custard , beef sautéed with peas and onions , a little more custard , bananas and some whipped cream . now one brave mancunian has whipped up their own version of the unusual concoction - replacing the beef with the far more traditional lamb . scroll down for video . neil killham made the infamous shepherds pie-trifle combination immortalised on friends 16 years ago . it features sponge , jam , custard , lamb , peas , onions , whipped cream and is garnished with sprinkles . neil killham , a 32-year-old software engineer from manchester , announced his plans on twitter with a picture of his clashing ingredients with the caption : ' it 's finally time . i 'm making the trifle out of friends . ' giving a running commentary on the social media site , neil proudly showed off the finished masterpiece which actually looked very respectable - until he cut into it . he told his followers that while it does not taste like feet - as characters on the show claimed - it was still 'f****** horrible ' . he added : ' but with enough nice trifle stuff that we keeping eating more of it . ' the trifle-shepherds pie combination did not look quite as appetising once it had been sliced into . friends character rachel green ( played by jennifer aniston ) accidentally made the disgusting dessert . neil posted this picture of a friend attempting a second go at the trifle pie - it does n't appear to have improved . ' i thought i 'd be able to compartmentalise the clashing flavours , but i can not . ' when mailonline asked how it tasted , neil , who shared the dish with friends , said : ' it tasted terrible of course - but not so bad that i could n't finish my slice . ' it 's the way you sometimes think you 've got lucky and got a nice pure trifle bite and then pow ! lamb ! ' he said in the last year he has made curry flavoured cupcakes , a chilli cheesecake and a pancake pizza , among other things . ' usually they kind of work , so i figured it was time to try something that definitely would n't , ' he said . ' although when i tried sprouts in marmite that did n't work either , but it was n't as bad as this . ' a couple of people tried it with me last night and agreed it was terrible . opinions were mixed on whether the lamb or the onion was the biggest problem . ' then a couple of people at work also tried it and came to similar conclusions . ' except for one guy who said `` it was n't that bad really . not good , but not the worst '' . ' i 'm not sure i can trust him any more . ' the trifle looked distinctly unappetising when dished up on a plate - and apparently tasted even worse . in the show the dessert was described as half trifle , half shepherd 's pie after two pages in the english cookery book rachel was using stuck together - but the creators mistakenly used beef instead of the lamb which is traditional in the pie . towards the end of the season six episode the penny finally drops and rachel says : ' i was n't supposed to put beef in the trifle ! ' if for some reason you would like to recreate this heston blumenthal-esque clash of flavours and textures , the recipe would appear to be : a layer of sponge , layer of jam , layer of custard , layer of raspberries , another layer of sponge , layer of lamb sautéed with peas and onions , a bit more custard , banana , and a topping of whipped cream garnished with hundreds and thousands .