the bayern munich squad flew back to germany on thursday the day after suffering a surprise defeat by porto in the champions league quarter-final first leg . a glum-looking thomas muller , manuel neuer and pep guardiola were pictured at the airport ready to board their flight back to bavaria after their 3-1 loss at the estadio dragao on wednesday . the defeat was the price the five-time european champions paid for a string of injuries and a tired squad that has not stopped playing , chief executive karl-heinz rummenigge said . thomas muller , xabi alonso and the rest of the squad get off the bus at the airport before returning to germany . a glum-looking pep guardiola prepares to board the flight in portugal with his depleted squad . goalkeeper manuel neuer and guardiola make their way on to the plane as they return to bavaria after defeat . bayern , chasing a treble of domestic and european titles , travelled with only 15 outfield players to portugal for their quarter-final first leg leaving injured arjen robben , franck ribery , bastian schweinsteiger and david alaba , among others , behind . ' i am not prepared to criticise the team , ' rummenigge said in post-midnight banquet . ' there are 13 or 14 players who are at the moment healthy and have been playing three times a week . ' bayern have been cruising towards the bundesliga title with a 10-point advantage as the injuries seem to hardly affect them domestically . guardiola can not believe it as he sees his side beaten 3-1 by porto in the quarter-final first leg on wednesday . neuer looks exasperated as the german champions concede their second goal of the game after 10 minutes . ' but there comes a day when you are a little bit tired , when your legs feel heavy and when you lack some of your concentration , ' rummenigge said . a lack of concentration certainly contributed to the three goals they conceded , each coming from an individual defensive mistake . what had been for much of the season their strongest asset - bayern conceded just four goals in their first 17 bundesliga games - was on wednesday their achilles heel . jerome boateng , xabi alonso and dante , all lost possession or control near the box , allowing the portuguese to score . colombian jackson martinez rounds neuer with ease before slotting into an empty net to put porto 3-1 ahead . bayern boss pep guardiola looks perplexed as his side fall two goals behind during the early stages of the champions league clash . ' we imagined it differently , ' said keeper manuel neuer , who was lucky not to be sent off after bringing down jackson martinez for a third-minute penalty . ' we were not confident and did not create scoring chances . the other problem was the mistakes we made . you are punished in the champions league for those . we know we messed up together but we have to keep going . ' while bayern are not used to losing , they have every chance to overturn the first leg deficit , with ribery and possibly schweinsteiger fit for the return leg in munich on tuesday . ' i am not fully dissatisfied with the team , ' coach pep guardiola said . ' we tried everything but it is not easy against such a physical team . ' it is a complicated result but we will take a shot at it in the return leg and we will not give up that easily . '