the world endurance championship , whose annual highlight is the le mans 24 hours sportscar classic , is getting rid of the grid girls . in a move that will be applauded by many , and is sure to dismay those accustomed to seeing scantily-clad beauties posing next to cars before a race , the fia-backed series is adopting a more progressive stance . ' from silverstone next week , you will see that for any race we will do - no grid girls like in the past , ' wec chief executive gerard neveu said after a presentation on thursday for the opening silverstone six-hour race . the world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more ' grid girls ' before races . the decision by the fia is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport . ' for me that is the past . the condition of women is a little bit different now , ' he said . the use of models , also referred to as ' race queens ' or ' umbrella girls ' , to stand by cars with flags or placards displaying drivers ' numbers has long been a feature of formula one . it has also been a bone of contention for those seeking more equality and less sexism in a male-dominated sport , although in some series where women racers have joined the grid the ' umbrella ' role has been taken by a man . the hawiian tropic girls arrive on the grid before the start of the le mans 24 hour race in 2001 . toyota 's world champion anthony davidson said it was about time things changed . ' i talk about this with my wife quite a lot , and we both agree it 's actually pretty backward , ' the briton , who has also raced in formula one , said . ' it 's old school to have such a concept as grid girls . surely the world 's moved on ? and motor racing should follow quite closely what the rest of the world 's doing in that respect . ' i think that 's a really nice touch , a modern touch as well , from the wec to take that aspect of racing away . it is a bit sexist . ' neveu said the cars would line up diagonally opposite the pit wall and grandstand as if for an old-style ' le mans start ' . current world champion anthony davidson has backed the decision to remove grid girls for equality . in le mans of old , before safety concerns stopped the practice , drivers would run across the track to the cars but at silverstone there will be a rolling start . neveu said the changes were all part of catering for a new audience . ' the sport is sport , but around it we can do many things , ' he said . ' we will have a dj , entertainment , many things on the grid . the show will start from the grid ... but the star at the end is the sportscars and the drivers of the car . '