at least 35 workers have been killed at a dairy factory in yemen as saudi arabian warplanes continue to bomb shiite rebel positions in both the north and the south of the country . today 's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the red sea port city of hodeida , and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products . the jets drew return fire from anti-aircraft guns as the saudi-led campaign to defeat the iran-backed shiite rebels loyal to yemen 's deposed president ali abdullah saleh entered its seventh day . the attack on the dairy factory comes as saudi arabia hinted that it was prepared to launch a ground invasion in yemen in the hope of forcing the houthi rebels to allow current president , abed rabbo mansour hadi to return to the country , after he fled the southern port city of aden last week . hit : smoke rises from the dairy factory hit by an air strike in yemen 's western port city of houdieda today . blast : today 's airstrikes targeted rebel-controlled army camps in the red sea port city of hodeida , and hit warehouses belonging to a factory that produces dairy products . under attack : houthi fighters walk as smoke rises from a military supply post after it was hit by an air strike in yemen 's northwestern city of saada earlier today . yemeni supporters of the saudi-led coalition hold pictures of saudi king salman bin abdulaziz al-saud alongside saudi and yemeni flags during a demonstration against the shiite houthi rebels in taez city today . since their advance began last year , the houthis have overrun the yemeni capital , sanaa , and several provinces , and have forced current president abed rabbo mansour hadi to flee abroad . following today 's airstrikes on the dairy factory in hodeida , the houthi 's anti-aircraft guns returned fire before the factory itself was set ablaze . parts of its main building collapsed from explosions with workers still inside , according to at least five eyewitnesses and officials . according to the medical center in hodeida , at least 35 workers were killed , many of them crushed by the rubble or burned to death . two military officials said the factory had been used as a rebel weapons cache , and that while the airstrikes flattened the warehouses , the main factory building was only partially destroyed - suggesting it might have been hit from ground . all the officials and witnesses spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media . families of stranded pakistanis in yemen hold their pictures in a rally for their rescue in multan today . yemeni men chant slogans while holding posters of the shiite houthi rebel leaders they support . the airstrikes come as saudi arabia hinted once again that it could carry an ground invasion in yemen in the coming days . authorities reiterated that the sunni alliance , which was set up by the arab nations against the houthi shiite rebels , is boosting its military presence in the saudi arabia-yemen border . saudi arabia shares a 1,120 mile-long border with yemen -- much of which is incredibly porous . ' the saudi-led air campaign may be accompanied by an operation on the ground , ' saudi arabia 's brigadier general ahmed asseri was quoted as saying by the international business times . ' one should not expect a sudden ground attack , ' he reportedly added . ' the houthis are moving from one place to another in search of safe havens . we will make sure that there will be no safe place the militants to hide on the land of yemen , ' general asseri went on to say . scores of yemeni expatriates , including students and clerics , chant slogans while holding a poster of the yemeni shiite houthi rebel leader abdul-malik al-houthi , during a protest in tehran , iran this morning . yemeni men in tehran hold a burning photo of saudi king salman , with arabic writing reading ' horn of satan ' . the hodeida death toll came a day after international aid groups expressed alarm over high civilian casualties in yemen 's escalating crisis . a report published yesterday by the u.n. children 's agency , unicef , said 62 children were killed and 30 wounded during the fighting in yemen over the past week . it was not clear if the deaths were the result of airstrikes or ongoing clashes between rival groups across the country . the u.n. human rights office in geneva also said its staffers in yemen confirmed that at least 19 civilians died when airstrikes hit a refugee camp near the houthi stronghold of saada in northern yemen on sunday , with at least 35 wounded , including 11 children . critics of the houthis charge that they are an iranian proxy — a claim the rebels deny . iran has provided aid to the rebels , but both tehran and the houthis deny it has armed them . in tehran , dozens of yemeni expatriates , including clerics and students , took to the streets on wednesday to denounce the airstrikes . the protesters burned photos of saudi king salman and marched outside the saudi embassy .