the new horizons spacecraft has taken its first colour image of pluto and its largest moon charon ahead of its arrival in three months . taken from a distance of 71 million miles ( 115 million km ) , the blurry image doesn’t reveal a huge amount of detail - but it is a sign of things to come . as the spacecraft gets closer and closer , the images will continue to improve until it flies by on 14 july - humanity’s first ever visit to pluto . nearly there : after more than nine years , the new horizons spacecraft is now just three months away from its historic encounter with pluto . and now the spacecraft has taken its first colour image , shown , revealing the dwarf planet ( the bigger blob ) and its moon charon . after a journey of more than nine years , nasa’s new horizons spacecraft is now reaching the climax of its thrilling mission . it has traveled longer than any space mission in history to reach its primary target - with its pedometer measuring more than three billion miles ( 4.8 billion km ) . its arrival at pluto will be the last world in the ‘ classical solar system’ to be explored . in july this year new horizons will become the first spacecraft ever to visit pluto . it was launched on 19 january 2006 at a speed of 36,373 mph ( 58,536 km/h ) - the fastest spacecraft ever to leave earth orbit , 100 times faster than a jetliner . after passing the orbits of all the major planets from earth to neptune , new horizons is now beginning its final leg of its 3 billion-mile ( 4.8 billion km ) journey . on 14 july 2015 the flyby of pluto will begin . using a suite of instruments , the spacecraft will map the surface of pluto and its moon charon to a resolution of 25 miles ( 40km ) - far better than anything possible before . this will reveal the surface features of pluto - which may include ice . as it flies past , it will also look back at the two bodies against the sun , to look for telltale signs of an atmosphere . despite the long journey , new horizons will be travelling at such a speed that the flyby will last only around two hours - beginning at 11.49am gmt ( 06.49am est ) on 14 july and ending just after 2.15pm gmt ( 9.15am est ) . after passing pluto , new horizons will flyby one or several kuiper belt objects ( kbos ) , other bodies beyond the orbit of pluto . the mission will officially end in 2026 . pluto was demoted from a ‘planet’ to a ‘ dwarf planet’ in 2006 when other objects of a similar or greater size were found . but regardless , the mission is of huge importance for our understanding of how bodies form even at great distances from their host star . ‘ new horizons is one of the great explorations of our time , ’ said new horizons project scientist hal weaver at the john hopkins university applied physics laboratory in laurel , maryland . ‘there’s so much we don’t know , not just about pluto , but other worlds like it . ‘we’re not rewriting textbooks with this historic mission - we’ll be writing them from scratch . ’ the latest image of pluto and charon was captured by the ralph camera on the spacecraft from a distance equivalent to the sun to venus . at a relative speed of 30,000 mph ( 50,000km ) , new horizons will cover that distance in just three months . the image shows pluto with a sort of reddish colour and charon - which is just over half the size of pluto - considerably dimmer . our best images of pluto so far are mostly attempts from hubble - but they are not much better than this photo . this makes the new horizon mission particularly exciting , as it will reveal the surface of a world we know very little about . not since humans first started sending spacecraft into the solar system has a comparable mission been seen . our best images of pluto so far come from the hubble space telescope ( shown is one of the images ) , so the arrival of new horizons is hugely exciting for scientists , who have waited many years to catch a glimpse of this distant world and unravel some of its secrets . new horizons ( artist 's illustration shown ) was launched on 19 january 2006 at a speed of 36,373 mph ( 58,536 km/h ) - the fastest spacecraft ever to leave earth orbit , 100 times faster than a jetliner . owing to the speed of new horizons , the observations of pluto will last just two hours . the flyby caps a five-decade-long era of reconnaissance that began with venus and mars in the early 1960s , and continued through first looks at mercury , jupiter and saturn in the 1970s and uranus and neptune in the 1980s . pluto is an extremely distant world , orbiting the sun more than 29 times farther than earth . it is about two thirds the size of our moon . with a surface temperature estimated to be -229°c ( -380°f ) , the environment at pluto is far too cold to allow liquid water on its surface . pluto 's moons are also in the same frigid environment . the moon charon is almost half the size of pluto . the moon is so big that pluto and charon are sometimes referred to as a double dwarf planet system . the distance between them is 12,200 miles ( 19,640 km ) . charon 's orbit around pluto takes 6.4 earth days . charon neither rises nor sets , but hovers over the same spot on pluto 's surface . the same side of charon always faces pluto - this is called tidal locking . compared with most of the planets and moons , the pluto-charon system is tipped on its side . ‘ scientific literature is filled with papers on the characteristics of pluto and its moons from ground based and earth orbiting space observations , but we’ve never studied pluto up close and personal , ’ said john grunsfeld , nasa science mission directorate . ‘ in an unprecedented flyby this july , our knowledge of what the pluto systems is really like will expand exponentially and i have no doubt there will be exciting discoveries . ’ such is the mystery of pluto that astronomers are not even sure what they will find on the surface . pluto , the largest known body in the kuiper belt , is thought to have a nitrogen atmosphere and complex seasons . on its surface , it seems to have distinct markings , and it may have ice as well . the dwarf planet may even harbour an underground ocean . among its five known moons , the largest - charon - may itself sport an atmosphere or an interior ocean , and possibly even evidence of recent surface activity . owing to the speed of new horizons , the observations of pluto will last just two hours . but it will collect a huge amount of data on pluto and its moons , revealing unprecedented views - and with no other missions to pluto in the pipeline , they will be our only images for a very , very long time . ' this is pure exploration ; we’re going to turn points of light into a planet and a system of moons before your eyes ! ” said alan stern , new horizons principal investigator from the southwest research institute ( swri ) in boulder , colorado . ' new horizons is flying to pluto - the biggest , brightest and most complex of the dwarf planets in the kuiper belt . ' this 21st century encounter is going to be an exploration bonanza unparalleled in anticipation since the storied missions of voyager in the 1980s . ' not since voyager 2 ( illustrated left ) flew past neptune ( right ) in 1989 and started taking pictures has such a reconnaissance mission been attempted . new horizons ' mission represents the last of the worlds in the ' classical solar system ' to be explored - and will be our sole visitor to pluto for many , many years . scientists still know very little about pluto ( illustrated left ) , its largest satellite charon ( right ) and its other moons . pluto , the largest known body in the kuiper belt , is thought to have a nitrogen atmosphere and complex seasons . on its surface , it seems to have distinct surface markings , and it may have ice as well . pluto’s smaller moons also are likely to present scientific opportunities . when the new horizons mission was first devised in 2001 , it was a mission to just pluto and charon , before the four smaller moons were discovered . the spacecraft’s suite of seven science instruments - which includes cameras , spectrometers , and plasma and dust detectors - will map the geology of pluto and charon and map their surface compositions and temperatures . the spacecraft will also examine pluto’s atmosphere , search for an atmosphere around charon , study pluto’s smaller satellites and look for rings and additional satellites around pluto . currently , even with new horizons closer to pluto than earth is to the sun , the pluto system resembles little more than bright dots in the distance . but teams operating the spacecraft are using these views to refine their knowledge of pluto’s location , and skillfully navigate new horizons toward a precise target point 7,750 miles ( 12,500 kilometers ) from pluto’s surface . that targeting is critical , since the computer commands that will orient the spacecraft and point its science instruments are based on knowing the exact time and location that new horizons passes pluto . this image , taken by nasa 's hubble space telescope , shows five moons orbiting the distant , icy dwarf planet pluto . styx ( initially designated p5 ) , is the innermost of the moons found by hubble over the past seven years . this image was taken with hubble 's wide field camera 3 on 7 july 2012 . ' our team has worked hard to get to this point , and we know we have just one shot to make this work , ' said alice bowman , new horizons mission operations manager at the johns hopkins university applied physics laboratory ( apl ) in laurel , maryland . 'we’ve plotted out each step of the pluto encounter , practiced it over and over , and we’re excited the `` real deal '' is finally here . ' the spacecraft’s work doesn’t end with the july flyby . because it gets one shot at its target , new horizons is designed to gather as much data as it can , as quickly as it can , taking about 100 times as much data on close approach as it can send home before flying away . and although the spacecraft will send select , high-priority datasets home in the days just before and after close approach , the mission will continue returning the data stored in onboard memory for a full 16 months . beyond pluto , nasa is also planning to study one or two kuiper belt objects ( kbos ) with new horizons in the years after its historic primary mission .