the shepherd’s life : a tale of the lake district . by james rebanks . ( allen lane £16.99 ) when , in 2002 , my family and i moved from busy north london to bucolic north herefordshire , we found that our new neighbours were , overwhelmingly , sheep . i didn’t want to be one of those townies who moves to the country but remains ignorant of rural ways , so i made sporadic efforts to get to know them , or at least , to get to understand life on a sheep farm . when my children were small , i asked the obliging farmer whose land abuts our garden if they could watch his ewes lambing . and i still often tell him that i’d like to spend some time alongside him , to see how his days unfold . to which he always smiles , no doubt wondering , metropolitan softie that i still really am , how i’d cope with the early starts and the relentless physical graft . this wonderful book has filled in most of the gaps in my education , without any 4.30am alarm calls . james rebanks studied at the university of oxford before returning to his roots in the lake district , he is seen here with his sheep on his farm outside of penrith in cumbria . it is the enlightening , exquisitely written account , give or take a few autobiographical tangents , of a year in the life of james rebanks , whose family has been farming in the lake district for at least six centuries . he was born into a job from which , now in his 40s , he takes infinite pride . all the same , it is no life for the faint-hearted . every year , spring and autumn feel like flimsy bookends to a long , harsh winter , and his herdwick sheep — descended , he thinks , from animals that arrived with the vikings — are built for the fells in ways that even the hardiest shepherds are not . making hay , linked by an old proverb to images of glorious sunny days , can be ‘ a bitch of a job’ . and while working with livestock is a series of small , predictable daily challenges , sometimes the challenges are bigger , and not at all predictable . with starkly effective prose , he brilliantly evokes the horror of the 2001 foot-and-mouth outbreak . after police snipers had arrived on his farm , ‘ the fields were speckled with our dead cattle . . . strangely peaceful , they lay in all sorts of mangled and contorted ways . i knew those cattle , so it was like seeing old friends dead’ . as for the sheep , 95 per cent of the world’s herdwicks live within 20 miles of coniston , and were in danger of extinction . ‘ but an essentially urban government didn’t understand . to them , a sheep was a sheep , a farm simply a farm . the idea that something precious was on the edge of destruction was never really grasped . ’ it is a farmer’s lot , adds rebanks , to depend on the whims of others : of bureaucrats , supermarket buyers , shoppers . alas , most of them have no understanding of the proud , beleaguered culture he comes from , just like the secondary school teachers who told him that farming on the lakeland fells was a dead-end business , a waste of brainpower . anyone with even a sliver of ambition and character , they suggested , would seek a life elsewhere . and although one teacher talked rhapsodically about the lakes , it was in terms the disdainful teenage rebanks simply could not comprehend . ‘ the lake district in her monologue was the playground for an itinerant band of climbers , poets , walkers and daydreamers . . . people who , unlike our parents , or us , had “ really done something” . occasionally , she would utter a name such as wordsworth , or wainwright , ‘ and look in vain for us to understand’ . rebanks loathed school , and left at 15 , able to write only in block capitals . but his book does not undermine the importance of education — far from it . toiling on the farm , he found himself at odds with his decent , hard-working but obstreperous father , and escaped by reading , which he had resisted so strongly during his schooldays . one day he pulled off a shelf a shepherd’s life , written in 1910 by w.h . hudson , just knowing ‘ it was going to be lousy and patronising’ . it was the exact opposite . it was about families like his , and it inspired him to read more , learn more . at 21 , he took his a-levels at evening classes in nearby carlisle , where in due course they told him that he might actually be oxbridge material . on his application form for oxford he described himself as a ‘ drystone wall builder on the lake district fells’ . natural charm and a certain northern pugnaciousness helped him breeze through his interview , but in ‘ every conversation for the next three years’ he had to suffer someone saying what a big change oxford must represent after life on the farm . one professor ventured that he would miss his old existence , after graduating . ‘ i told him that i hadn’t stopped doing it , that i was going back . he seemed quite confused by this . ’ rebanks never contemplated not going back . he applied his brain and brawn to running the farm that had belonged to his grandfather and father , and lives there today with his wife and three children . that oxford degree is not wasted ; in a fleeting , almost throwaway paragraph , he tells us that he is also an ‘ expert adviser’ to the unesco world heritage centre in paris , helping them understand how tourism can benefit host communities . but then , nor is it wasted in the work he does on the farm , a job more reliant than most on skill and judgment . breeding from the best rams , or ‘tups’ , he suggests , is more intellectually challenging than much of what he did at oxford . at sales , he adds , everyone tries to get their tup to stand correctly , broad and thick-set and with their heads up , giving an impression of arrogance , ‘ like russell crowe in gladiator’ . i was beguiled by this book , such an eloquent love letter to a cherished way of life , and more specifically , to his grandparents and parents , to whom he was born not with a silver spoon in his mouth , but a wooden crook in his hand . perhaps above all it is a love letter to the lake district , which i know well from my own lancashire childhood , but only as a place to visit , not to live in . as rebanks makes abundantly clear — not least with his effusive praise for a famous children’s author , whom he thinks of not as the creator of peter rabbit , nor even as beatrix potter , but as mrs heelis , doughty champion of herdwick sheep — there is , between the two , all the difference in the world .  