a classic aston martin once owned by spartacus star peter ustinov is set to fetch more than £1million at auction - twice what it fetched four years ago . the actor bought the aston martin db4 cabriolet in 1962 , shortly after winning a best supporting actor oscar for his role as batiatus in spartacus . it was one of the most luxurious cars of its day , costing £4,000 and was delivered to him at a swiss hotel at a time when the average house price in britain was just £2,500 . the aston martin db4 cabriolet once belonged to actor peter ustinov and is expected to fetch £1million when it goes up for auction at bonhams . that 's more than twice what it cost just four years ago . a collectors piece : these pictures show the prestigious aston martin logo on the bonnet , left , a trademark of the elite brand , and an absolutely spotless stylish leather trim , left , that once seated peter ustinov . the fast lane : the car cost £4,000 in 1962 when the average house price in britain was just £2,500 . quick sale : the 3.7-litre engine produced 240bhp . it went 0-60mph in nine seconds and had a top speed of 140mph . this was one of the fastest cars of the era so attracted interest from the rich and famous . listed : the car is expected to attract £1million - more than double the £431,200 it sold for four years ago . and while the average uk home is now £177,000 , the value of ustinov’s aston has rocketed even more and is expected to sell for around £1 million next month . this is £570,000 more than the price paid for the aston martin when it was sold at a london auction in 2011 . engineers had fitted the car with a 3.7-litre engine developing around 240bhp , giving it a 0-60mph time of nine seconds and a top speed of 140mph . perfect form : the db4 was considered one of the most beautiful and luxurious cars of its day . ustinov , left , bought the car shortly after winning a best supporting actor oscar for his role in spartacus . i am spartacus : star kirk douglas , centre right , plays a gladiator who takes on the roman empire in the 1960 stanley kubrick film . ustinov , centre left , plays the owner of a gladiator school where spartacus and a number of followers escape from . it led to a slave rebellion known as the third servile war . it was the first aston martin to be produced in newton pagnell , buckinghamshire , which is where it will go on sale at bonhams auction house on may 9 at the annual aston martin sale . the car went down well with critics , with motors magazine praising its “ high quality , exceptional performance , lavish finishing” . they called it “ a great british product , benefiting from the styling input of touring of milan” . it is not known how long ustinov owned the aston martin , but it had two more owners before being bought by british race car driver david piper , who sold it in 1984 . the radio on the inside , left , is still spotless and the 53-year-old car cuts a dash from behind , right . aston martin started on the db4 in 1956 at the same time as the slightly older db3 . it was launched to great fanfare and praise in 1958 at the london motor show . its most impressive feature was its power . with a 3.7-litre engine that produced 240bhp , it could go 0-60 in nine seconds and had a top speed of 140mph . it claimed to go from 0-100mph in just 21 seconds , making it a serious competitor to luxury european brands like ferrari and porsche . though the body was designed by carrozzeria touring of milan , the db4 was the first to be built at the company 's newport pagnell works in buckinghamshire . as well as the mini , michael caine drove a db4 convertible in the italian job . 