as the champions league starters took a break it was business as usual for the rest of the real madrid squad on wednesday as they returned to training a day after the last eight clash with rivals atletico . there was no sign of the likes of cristiano ronaldo , gareth bale and james rodriguez - all of who played 90 minutes in the 0-0 draw at vicente calderon on tuesday - as the fringe players took part in a session at the valdebebas complex . isco and alvaro arbeloa , second-half substitutes during the first leg against atletico , were present alongside regular first team players pepe and sami khedira , who were on the bench on tuesday . isco , a second-half substitute against atletico on tuesday , keeps the ball from fabio coentrao during training . pepe climbs highest as the players that didn ; t start in the champions league trained on wednesday . sami khedira , linked with a move to the premier league , strikes the ball during wednesday 's session . javier hernandez and lucas silva were put through their paces at the valdebebas complex . real madrid return to la liga action on saturday as they welcome malaga to the bernabeu looking to keep the pressure on league leaders barcelona , who face valencia on the same day . real will then face atletico in next wednesday 's second leg - the eighth time the rivals have clashed this season with carlo ancelotti 's side still chasing their first win against their neighbours . ' it is not such a good a result , ' ancelotti said after the match . ' i am happy with the performance , but we played really well in the first half and should have scored . we have to try and repeat that at our stadium . ' alvaro arbeloa tussles with coentrao during the training session ahead of the return to la liga action . brazilian silva , signed from cruzeiro in january , takes the ball forward as pepe ( right ) watches on . meanwhile , defender dani carvjal was forced to deny attempting to bite atletico striker mario mandzukic during a heated derby . ' seeing after the match that i have been accused of biting a rival player , i want to make it clear that i did not bite anyone , nor did i try to , ' the spain right back told reporters .