for the parents of children living with cancer , there is often so little hope . and for those facing the bleakest of prognoses – that , barring a miracle , the disease will cut short their young lives – the agony is almost indescribable . so the decision to enrol such a child on to a trial for largely untested treatments that may save them , but may make them suffer far more , is another kind of mental anguish altogether . now , a ground-breaking television documentary filmed over two years follows three children and their families through such a situation . battler : chloe ballouqui during her treatment . she is one of three children featured in a ground-breaking tv documentary . in the film they reveal with heroic honesty why they are willing to risk their lives as they become the first children in the world to go through a pioneering treatment called immunotherapy . shocking as it might seem , this kind of ‘experimentation’ happens in britain . and it is a necessary part of the process that discovers new treatments that ultimately offer hope to other young cancer patients . sophie ryan-palmer , 12 , fabian bates , nine , and chloe balloqui , three , are patients at great ormond street hospital , london , the leading british centre for treatment of child cancers , and are the youngsters featured in the documentary . tragically , although for one of them , treatment is successful , two do not survive the radical procedure . immunotherapy involves powerful drugs being given to kill off all a patient’s cancer cells and destroy their bone marrow . loving life : sophie ryan-palmer enjoying a party . the 12-year-old was two when she was diagnosed with leukaemia and entered the immunotherapy trial after her fourth relapse . this allows a transplant of new bone marrow containing immune system cells , harvested either from the patient or a donor . these cells are genetically modified in a laboratory so they are better at attacking cancer . similar treatments have been carried out in america , and although the early results look hopeful , the risks are huge and many of the terminally ill young patients die from complications . the toxicity of the immunotherapy means children often have to be sedated and given strong painkillers such as morphine , to cope with the treatment , and many end up in intensive care . when presented with these facts , some parents decide the risks are simply to great , yet others choose to go ahead . fabian’s father , darrell , describes the anger and devastation after being told of his son’s diagnosis but also the optimism they had about the outcome of the trial . chloe , pictured with her mother karen kallaste , has neuroblastoma . he says : ‘ there were no patients who had gone through it , no evidence it would work , which was a little bit frightening . you tend to grab these things as a ray of hope . ’ some 30 children a week are diagnosed with cancer – that’s more than 1,500 a year – and 250 of them will die every year . child leukaemia has a high survival rate , with four out of five youngsters being cured completely . but for some , standard treatment doesn’t work and the cancer comes back , which is why clinical trials such as the one for immunotherapy can be a lifeline – they offer families their last hope . kate law , director of clinical trials at cancer research uk , says they are an essential way forward . ‘ there is strict regulation and a child would have undergone three or four lines of treatment such as chemotherapy before being considered for a trial , ’ she explains . ‘ the child has to have a life expectancy of at least six months and they have to undergo extensive clinical tests to be certain their bodies can cope with any potential treatment . ‘ there is a real balance between whether we are doing more harm than good , and it is therefore essential that the doctor and the parents weigh up what their options are and whether a clinical trial is something they should pursue . ’ another parent in the documentary , richard balloqui , knows this dilemma all too well . his daughter chloe has neuroblastoma , one of the most deadly of all childhood cancers , with only two in five of those diagnosed at her age surviving . as well as having a tumour on her adrenal gland , chloe’s cancer had spread throughout her bones . during filming , the toddler has surgery to remove the tumour as well as chemotherapy so strong it could kill an adult , in preparation for the immunotherapy . at one stage her liver becomes dangerously swollen , a potential fatal side effect of the treatment . her father admits the pain of ‘ seeing your child in discomfort , seeing the side effects of what we are doing here to try to kill the cancer’ . he adds : ‘ you are filling them full of toxicity and you do see the effects of that , and it hits you that your child is going through something you could never imagine . ’ fabian bates chats to the duchess of cambridge during a hospital visit . the child was given modified cells taken from his 14-year-old sister cassia to battle his cancer . sophie , the third child , was two when she was diagnosed with leukaemia and entered the immunotherapy trial after her fourth relapse . her mother , debbie , says : ‘ when i told sophie [ the cancer ] was back again , she was totally devastated and just said , ‘‘i don’t want to die , mummy , i don’t want to die.’’ ’ . the youngster had two options : take drugs to fight the pain , and allow the cancer to progress to its inevitable end ; or take part in the trial . ‘ straight away , without any thought about it at all , she said she wanted to go on the trial . she is a fighter , ’ debbie says . of her relapse , sophie says : ‘ when i was told , i thought , “ not again . ” but i dealt with it like i have all the other times . of course i was upset but there is something we can do , so do it . ‘ mum said it was a clinical trial and stuff like that but i didn’t want to read the information , i just wanted to go ahead with it . it will make me better , hopefully . ’ there are currently 36 child cancer medical trials open in the uk – 22 of which are funded by charity cancer research uk . some 15 of these are studies into new treatments for relapse patients such as those highlighted in the documentary . earlier this year the mail on sunday reported that cancer experts had hit out at eu red tape that is denying hundreds of terminally ill children cancer drugs – because a legal loophole means pharmaceutical companies have to test new treatments on adults only . if firms opt out of testing new treatments on under-18s during clinical trials , doctors are then barred from using them on youngsters because they are cleared for adult use only . only half of 28 cancer drugs trialled between july 2007 and june 2012 were tested on children . kate law , of cancer research , says : ‘ from a drug company point of view , they are in business for profit . they have to answer to their shareholders and they are therefore risk-averse to trials with children , so child cancer trials have to be funded independently through organisations like us . ’ there are 21 specialist centres treating childhood cancer in the uk and every child with cancer will be seen at one of them . about 70 per cent of newly diagnosed children will be offered the chance to trial a new drug , a figure higher than that in the rest of europe and the us . at one point during treatment , sophie is confined to an isolation ward for eight weeks to prevent any risk of infection which her weakened immune system would be unable to fight . her room is decorated in one direction posters and she tells the film crew she copes with her situation due to her motto of ‘ happy , happy , happy , fun , fun , fun’ . sadly , sophie’s tiny body was unable to withstand the first stages of the treatment , and she died in july 2013 . the itv film captures the poignant moment her pink coffin leaves the family home near heathrow . debbie says : ‘ she always wanted to help other children so i have no regrets about her going on the trial , it was sophie’s choice . ‘ unfortunately the bone marrow transplant never worked so she never had the chance to have the modified cells . ‘ after what she had gone through for ten years of her life , her body just couldn’t do it any more . she was such a brave little girl and i was proud to be called her mummy’ . like sophie , fabian , who received letters from the duchess of cambridge after meeting her in hospital in 2011 , was determined to look to the future and was given modified cells taken from his 14-year-old sister cassia . he says : ‘ the good cells fight the bad cells and destroy them , and as soon as they are destroyed i won’t be ill any more , which is a good thing because i want to stay well , not in a coffin and then , like dead . that would be horrible . ’ fabian dreamed of one day having a wife , a house and a car . tragically , his new cells stopped working and he died at his home in london last november . the duchess’s letters were laid to rest with him . despite these tragedies , clinical trials have transformed outcomes for cancer patients and particularly in children , as three-quarters of those with cancer are now cured compared with about a quarter in the late 1960s . for chloe , the fight goes on . parents karen and richard found an american drug trial which aimed to prevent neuroblastoma coming back after immunotherapy . in a whirlwind six-week campaign , an appeal raised more than £100,000 to pay for further experimental treatment scheduled to begin early this year . cruelly , final tests before travelling to the us showed that chloe’s cancer had returned , although not in her bones this time , indicating the relapse had fortunately been caught early . specialists at great ormond street are now discussing the best ways to get the disease back into remission . richard says : ‘ we remain positive that this has been caught early and we can treat it . ’ 