a king charles spaniel suffered three degree burns from a pad used to keep him warm during a scan which vets had heated up in a microwave . twelve-year-old alfie underwent a general anaesthetic for an mri scan at the animal health trust clinic in newmarket , suffolk . the pet , who is also completely deaf , had the scan , last month after his owner lynne edwards from huntington in cambridgeshire , noticed a lump behind his ear . alfie 's owner lynne edwards , said she only realised something was wrong with the pet when he started to refuse food and found puss oozing from his back . but when alfie returned from the clinic she realised something was wrong when he started refusing food and found puss oozing from his back . she then took him to a local vet , where staff clipped his fur and exposed the severe burns in his back . ms edwards , 64 , then discovered that a pad used to keep her dog warm while he had the scan got too hot after it was heated in a microwave . she said : ' i just do n't understand how it could have been taken from the microwave and then put directly onto alfie without it being noticed how hot it was . king charles spaniel alfie , who suffered three degree burns after vets place a heat pad on his back that had been warmed in a microwave . ' they have told me that they always warm them up in microwave but after what happened they have promised to change their practice . ' i am glad that they’ve now said they will do that but it took nearly a week for them to stop the practice . ' alfie is now on medication while his wounds heal , but could face surgery to remove some of the skin around the burns . ms edwards , an interfaith minister , is now calling on all vets to ensure they heat up the pads correctly and monitor them adequately . the animal health trust confirmed their vets are now using an incubator to heat the pads . a spokesman said : ' we pioneered the use of mri in animals back in the 1990s and since then we have scanned more than 20,000 animals . ' in the last five years , around 3,000 of these patients would have had heat pads to maintain their body temperature . ' to the best of our knowledge , we have never seen anything like this before in any of the aht’s patients . ' we understand how upsetting this situation must be for lynne edwards and her family , and have carried out a full investigation . ' we have reviewed , and are updating , our standard operating procedure for the use of heat pads . ' we are also standardising the way in which all heat pads are heated at the aht . ' alfie , who is also deaf , is now on medication while his wounds heal , but could face surgery to remove some of the skin around the burns .