china is poised for its biggest corruption case since mao zedong 's widow went on trial for treason with the rest of the ' gang of four ' . former national security chief zhou yongkang – an ally of bo xilai , the top official jailed two years ago over the murder of briton neil heywood - is accused of corruption and leaking of state secrets , beijing prosecutors announced yesterday . he is likely to be found guilty , and could be executed . the all-powerful chinese communist party has always been reluctant to admit to any high level wrongdoing , despite growing murmurs that the greed of officials has been running out of control while the economy has been ballooning in size . trial : former national security chief zhou yongkang is embroiled in the biggest corruption case since mao zedong 's widow ( pictured right ) went on trial with the rest of the ' gang of four ' . so the move to announce charges against zhou is being touted by official media as proof that the leadership is determined to take action – although some commentators argue that it is simply a sign of internal divisions and score-settling between factions in the party . officially , however , zhou , 72 , is the highest-level official charged as part of president xi jinping 's anti-corruption campaign that began in late 2012 . if the trial proceeds as expected he will be the most senior politician to face court since the sensational 1981 trial of chairman mao 's widow , his fourth and last wife jiang qing , and the rest of the ' gang of four ' over claims they persecuted political opponents during the 1966-76 cultural revolution . a useful side effect of the case will be that it will destroy for ever any hopes zhou may have had of rivalling the party 's leadership . china 's supreme court last month said in a report that zhou and bo xilai had both engaged in political activities that damaged the unity of the ruling communist party . the wording left it unclear whether the two were being accused of plotting together or separately . but zhou is charged with ' huge ' bribe-taking , abuse of power and intentionally leaking state secrets . given his previous role as a security chief , there is scant sympathy for him . the china director of human rights watch , sophie richardson , said on twitter : ' zhou yongkang , pivotal in denying so many the right to a fair trial , wo n't get one himself . ' 