lounging on a deckchair by the pool , soaking up the sun in a skimpy bikini , rhiannon langley is just like any other tourist on holiday in thailand ... except she 's sporting two bruised eyes , swollen cheeks and a bandaged nose . the 24-year-old from melbourne is recovering from rhinoplasty , but rather than recuperating at home , she is at a five-star hotel , part of the $ 5,190 ' bangkok nose job ' medical tourism package she is on . rhiannon , a popular social media personality with almost 200,000 instagram followers , told daily mail australia that she has been enjoying her post-op holiday time , ' chilling out ' by the pool , getting mani pedis , and going shopping . scroll down for video . living it up post-op : rhiannon langley , the blogger sharing her ' nose job journey ' with her social media followers , is recovering from rhinoplasty at a bangkok hotel . seeing results : the 24-year-old from melbourne tells daily mail she ' already loves ' her new nose . the hairdresser turned model raised eyebrows this week for her decision to go public with her ' nose job journey ' in spectacular fashion , by sharing pictures and videos since her arrival in thailand for the procedure on social media , which fans can follow along by using the hashtag # rhiannongetsrhino . miss langley has been updating her instagram feed daily , and sharing her progress in a series of snapchat videos . ' i 'm feeling so much better now , just excited to see the outcome ! ' langley said . ' i already love it . ' while many post-op patients retreat to their beds for weeks afterwards , rhiannon has taken her recovering poolside . poolside convalescing : rhiannon says she has been ' chilling out by the pool ' , getting manicure and pedicures , shopping and eating out . ' i 've been chilling out by the pool , ' she said . ' [ i ] got a manicure and pedicure yesterday , today we are shopping , and just eating out . ' in videos uploaded to snapchat , rhiannon noted that she could already see a difference in the shape of her nose . sporting a bloodshot eye and bruising , she said doctors had removed some of the stitches . ' i can finally see that my nose is in line for once and i do n't have this droop , ' she said . langley spoke to daily mail australia earlier this week just one day after her surgery , and revealed that the changes would be ' quite drastic ' . follow the journey : the hairdresser has over 190,000 instagram followers and decided to share the experience with fans and ' own ' her decision to have cosmetic surgery . rhiannon said that she chose to go public as she was sick of seeing other well-known women hiding their nips and tucks from followers . ' i have quite a big following on social media and i do n't want to lie about it , ' she said . ' i think people are more accepting of the decision if you own it . ' i 've seen so many other girls on social media get things done and then try and hide it . ' i have been a bit scared about getting negative feedback , ' rhiannon added , referring to the announcement she made the week before departing . day one and two : rhiannon has been posting progress selfies on social media . ' i 've always wanted this since i was a lot younger , and i decided why not , if it makes me happy and improves my self esteem then i 'm doing it ! ' she wrote at the time . ' yes plastic surgery is a controversial thing to do but this is my life and it 's something i 've wanted to do for so long and especially before my wedding . ' ' they 've all been really positive and supportive though . obviously you get a few weird comments , but it 's been a lot better than i expected . ' before : the 24-year-old as she appeared pre-surgery in one of her instagram posts . miss langley wanted to share her experience with her followers , having found no one in her friendship circle to turn to for guidance on what the surgery and recovery would be like . ' none of my friends have had nose jobs , so i was searching on the internet and could n't find anything useful , ' she said . ' so i decided to post about my experience , post photos , share how i feel , how i look , and what i 've gone through . ' a little off here , and here : rhiannon revealed to daily mail australia that her makeover will not be a subtle one , with changes being made to the shape and length of her nose . holiday with a side of hospital : rhiannon 's $ 5,190 ' bangkok nose job ' package included a stay in a phuket beach hotel . bedside view : langley has been updating her followers with hospital snaps and post-op video messages . rhiannon says her motivation to take her surgery overseas was financially motivated . ' the price difference [ between australia and thailand ] is huge , ' she told dma . ' i 'm getting married in a year , so i could n't afford to have the surgery in australia . ' her trip to thailand is a $ 5,190 ' bangkok nose job ' package with cosmeditour . the medical tourism agency has confirmed to daily mail australia that while they have assisted the social media influencer with finding accommodation , langley paid the full rate for her surgery package . the packages include four to five star accommodation and meals , as well as the full cost of hospitalisation and surgery . ' i 'm owning my decision ' : rhiannon says that she decided to be honest rather than hiding it from her followers . nuptials : langley says her thailand medical tourism package holiday was financially motivated , as she can not afford surgery in australia with her upcoming wedding to fiancé jody ( pictured ) to pay for . dream : the hair dresser has wanted the nose correction since she was a teenager . ' rhiannon had been considering rhinoplasty for a long time and she approached cosmeditour after being referred from a friend who previously had surgery through cosmeditour . we are very happy to have her as a client , ' a spokesperson told daily mail australia . ' rhiannon has a loyal instagram following and she wanted to blog about her rhinoplasty experience as it was something that she did n't want to hide . ' we use fully accredited hospitals with internationally trained and highly skilled plastic and reconstructive surgeons and have cosmeditour personnel in all destinations . we create four and five star packages which include surgery , accommodation , transfers , meals and do n't charge any additional agency fee for our services . '