an art collector today claimed she was robbed of more than £4million worth of jewellery during a designer handbag snatch in a notorious motorway tunnel in paris . the german woman , who has not been named , was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport on wednesday afternoon . three thieves are said to have ‘ appeared from nowhere’ and smashed a rear window of the car , making off with the bag . the heist took place in the landy tunnel ( pictured ) , which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs . it included numerous valuable items including a single ring worth close to £1million , as well as around 12 other valuable pieces . today the victim told police that all of the items , which also included watches , bracelets , and rings were worth well over £4million . the ‘ extremely rich’ german , who is part taiwanese , was on her way to loan some of the jewels to the national museum of modern art in paris , according to sources close to the case . but , in a mysterious twist , the museum later denied knowing anything about the intended delivery . detectives were today trying to work out whether the thieves had inside knowledge , or had simply ‘ got lucky’ , said an investigating source . the german woman , who has not been named , was in a taxi which was stuck in traffic shortly after arriving at charles de gaulle airport ( pictured ) . rather than escaping on a motorbike – which is usual – the thieves in this case ran away on foot , scrambling up a sharp motorway embankment . the items are all listed and numbered because of their high value – something which will make them very hard to sell on . the heist took place in the landy tunnel , which is just under a mile long and notorious for smash-and-grabs . youths living in local housing estates often follow passengers on mopeds , and then attack the cars they are travelling in . in february 2010 , christina chernovetska , the daughter of the then mayor of kiev , lost some £4million worth of jewels in similar circumstances .