west ham are determined to ensure their season does not end with a whimper , according to defender carl jenkinson . the hammers ' once promising campaign has tailed off , with a run of just one win in 11 barclays premier league games seeing the club slip from champions league contention to mid-table . their latest disappointing result came at manchester city on sunday as they went down to an insipid 2-0 defeat . carl jenkinson holds off the challenge from jesus navas during west ham 's 2-0 defeat by manchester city . west ham defender jenkinson challenges aleksandar kolorov during the clash at the etihad on sunday . with europe now not realistic and relegation not an issue , the hammers would now seem to have little to play for but jenkinson insists the remaining five games are not meaningless . the 23-year-old , who has enjoyed a successful season-long loan from arsenal and could make the switch permanently , said : ' people in our dressing room are fired up . if you came in the changing room after the game you 'd see that . ' people are n't resting on their laurels , people ai n't happy finishing mid-table . we want to kick on . we have got something to prove now because we have been on a bad run of games and we want to put that right . we owe that to ourselves and the fans . ' west ham were never in the game at the etihad stadium , losing after a bizarre own goal from james collins and a swift counter-attack strike from sergio aguero before half-time . james collins scored a comical own goal to give manchester city the lead on sunday . enner valencia and kevin nolan did have late chances after city lost momentum following injury to david silva but they were generally lacklustre throughout the contest . jenkinson felt the visitors paid the price for their mistakes but does not feel the team are much doing much differently from the early part of the season . he said : ' i would n't want to blame it on luck but a few things have n't gone our way lately and we have conceded some late goals . ' i think this was a different story - we made a couple of mistakes and got punished . sergio aguero doubled the lead for the champions as they ran out comfortable winners . ' of course we have got to work on our performances but if you look at the last 10 games , our performances have n't been bad at all . ' we have had some really good performances but teams have scored late goals against us and we have ended up getting a point instead of three . it has been a bit frustrating . ' i just think early on in the season we were finishing everything . everything we got was going in the back of net and at important times of the game . ' we have gone ahead in recent games but never killed the games off and have ended up conceding cheaply towards the end of the game . of course that is a real kick in the teeth . ' it is not nice blaming things on luck - you make your own luck - but that has been the story of our last couple of months . '