sally cox , 39 , stopped her son jed pearce , 10 ( pictured together above ) , from going on the mosque trip , expressing fears of ' violence and guns ' . children as young as eight have been banned by their parents from attending a british mosque as part of a school trip over ' safety ' fears , with one mother claiming she ' does n't want to put her son at risk of being shot ' . nearly 100 primary pupils from lostwithiel school in cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in exeter , devon , as part of an re trip to learn about different faiths . the schoolchildren , from years three to six , were due to visit the city 's cathedral before taking a tour of the mosque and observing a congregational prayer . however , about 10 pupils have now pulled out of next week 's school trip after their parents said they would be exposed to ' violence and guns ' and expressed ' grave concerns ' about the teaching of islam . christine trevethen , 47 , a housewife from lostwithiel , cornwall , has stopped her 10-year-old daughter keira going on the visit . she said : ' we are not the only ones that do n't want our kids to go - but a lot of the others have n't been honest enough to do so in the consent form . ' i do not want my daughter going to the mosque for personal reasons . i do n't agree with the religion and what it stands for - but i am not prepared to go into the reasons why . ' we have now been told our children are going to be excluded from re lessons as a result , which is a big concern . ' we tried to go through the right channels but the school handled it very badly . ' sally cox , 39 , a self-employed cleaner from lerryn , cornwall , has also blocked her son jed pearce , 10 , from going on the visit . she said : ' i did not want him to go because they are a violent religion and many of them have guns . ' you can see what they are like every day on the news . there was a muslim bomber in exeter just a few years ago . ' we were just being honest saying we did not want them to go . ' it is unsafe . i do n't want my son being shot . also this is not a religious school yet they are willing to take a whole day out for religion . ' i do n't want them to do that . i want him to be in school learning maths and english - not being put at risk of being shot . ' they decided to take him out of re , but i said i am fine with that . ' nearly 100 primary pupils from lostwithiel school in cornwall were due to travel 68 miles to visit the mosque in exeter , devon ( pictured ) as part of an re trip but 10 pulled out after parents expressed ' grave concerns ' . another parent , who did not want to be named , said : ' we have grave concerns about the children 's safety during the trip due to the horrific events that occur every day . ' we have therefore decided not to send our children on this trip . this decision is not one based on ignorance or racial or religious beliefs , but one based purely on safety concerns . ' the parent said she was furious after the pupils who pulled out of the trip were singled out in a school assembly . she said : ' they were made to stand up after assembly . the sitting non-attendees were then asked individually why they were not going on the trip . ' this is not a decision the children have made , so discriminating against these children in this fashion is disgraceful , unacceptable and unprofessional . ' however , not all parents are opposed to the trip , with some backing the school and suggesting the visit is a positive move . alice mitchell , 35 , a playworker from lostwithiel , said : ' i think we need to educate our children to be tolerant and dispel the rumours the media can congregate . ' i am all for my children going on the trip . i think celebrating diversity is a great thing . ' it is all down to fear . people are scared of other religions . there is a lot of misconceptions . ' and sian cornish , 41 , a self-employed retailer , from lostwithiel , added : ' ' i did not even realise it was an issue . i was delighted my child had the opportunity to experience another culture in their ways of worship . ' i think it is important to celebrate other cultures - even if you do n't agree with them . ' carolyn huxley , headteacher of lostwithiel school ( pictured ) , which has just 156 pupils on its books , said the trip would still take place on may 7 to ' show children the views of extremists are not a true reflection of islam ' . kat smith , the chairman of governors for the school , said a group of parents had expressed concerns about the trip due to recent terror attacks by groups such as isis . she said : ' this is the first time pupils from the school have visited a mosque and it 's an exciting opportunity for them to learn about different faiths and ensure that they 're aware of the diverse nature of modern britain . ' because of recent news reports about extremist groups , such as isis , that identify themselves with islam , a small number of parents have expressed concerns about the trip and the teaching of islam in school . ' in response , the school held a special assembly with children to discuss these issues , and the head teacher has met and sent letters to parents with specific concerns . ' a full risk assessment has been conducted for the trip and there is no more risk attached to this trip than any other school trip . ' ms smith said the school had a duty under the equality act 2010 to promote good relations between people of different beliefs and ethnicities . she said : ' religious education forms part of the basic curriculum in schools and its teaching is enshrined in law . kat smith , the chairman of governors for the lostwithiel school , said parents expressed concerns about the teaching of islam at the school . ' the school recognises that parents have the right to withdraw their child from re in whole or in part , and provide alternative work to further their child 's knowledge and understanding of the parents ' beliefs and values . ' however , the school is aware that children growing up in cornwall may have little contact with muslims and it is aware that it has a duty under the equality act 2010 to promote good relations between people of different beliefs and ethnicities as part of its single equality duty . ' the governing body fully supports this trip and the teaching of re , including islam . ' it is the governors ' hope that the visit to the mosque will provide an insight for pupils into the nature of british islam , help them understand how islam is presented in the media and that groups like isis are not a true reflection of the islam followed by the vast majority of muslims in britain . ' carolyn huxley , headteacher of the primary school which has just 156 pupils on its books and teaches those aged four to 11 , said the trip would still be taking place on may 7 . she said : ' our hope from the visit to the mosque is that children will be given a view as to what are the values and beliefs of a british muslim . ' this trip will show the children the views of extremists are not a true reflection of islam as a religion . ' exeter mosque , described as the ' islamic centre of the south west ' , is open daily for prayers and also welcomes those wishing to learn about the quran and basics of the deen . the mosque also welcomes groups as part of education programmes and regularly hosts school trips . lostwithiel school , which has around six teachers , said the trip was planned to enable children to learn further about different religions . the school said it follows the cornwall agreed syllabus for religious education and part of the curriculum encourages children to study christianity in great detail , as well as finding out about hinduism , sikhism , judaism and islam through school trips , visits from outside speakers and class teaching . the muslim council of great britain said it was concerned by the views of some of the parents who strongly opposed the trip . a spokesman said : ' we would have thought a well-rounded education involves learning about those of a different faith . ' these laudable initiatives take place across the country . it is therefore disappointing to hear that some parents have chosen to pull their children out of a visit to a mosque due to events elsewhere in the world . ' we hope this incident is atypical and not reflective of a growing sentiment against muslims in this country . ' we commend the headteacher for rightly stating that such a visit will help her pupils to understand real islam and dispel the myths and hysteria that surrounds our religion . ' mailonline has contacted exeter mosque for comment .