masters champion jordan spieth roared back into contention at the rbc heritage with a second-round 62 on friday . however , he and his fellow competitors were no match for troy merritt , who fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links and open up a four-shot lead at the top of the standings . the 21-year-old spieth bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round of 62 to sit six under in hilton head , south carolina . jordan spieth hits his second shot on the ninth hole during the second round of the rbc heritage . the 21-year-old bounced back from his opening 74 with a nine-under-par round to sit six under . troy merritt fired a 10-under 61 to equal the course record at harbour town golf links . that looked to have put him firmly in contention , with playing partner and defending champion matt kuchar holding the clubhouse lead at the time on eight under . yet merritt took everyone by surprise with a storming run which saw him pick up seven shots on the back nine and shoot to the top of the leaderboard on 12 under overall . the 29-year-old american , who finished a flawless round with four successive birdies , admitted everything simply fell into place for him . ' it was a lot of fun , ' he told the pga tour website . ' i had the college mentality of ' just try to make one more ( birdie ) , just try to make one more and see what happens ' . and i was just fortunate to close with four in a row . ' i have n't played poorly all year , it 's just the tempo issue with me . if i do n't have it right away , it 's tough to find it and then i 'm scrabbling all day and trying to shoot one or two under . today i was n't worrying about that . ' kuchar is tied for second place with john merrick , having followed his first-round 68 with a 66 . merritt took everyone by surprise with a storming run which shot him to the top of the leaderboard . spieth and his caddie chat with matt kuchar before their second shots during the rbc heritage . spieth and kuchar shake hands during the rbc heritage tournament in south carolina . merrick fired a round of 65 on friday , mixing seven birdies with a single bogey on the par-four 12th . the pair are one shot ahead of a group of three players which includes northern irishman graeme mcdowell , who carded a 69 to go with his 66 from day one . spieth , meanwhile , sank nine birdies to revive memories of his masters heroics , when he led after every round to win by four shots . merritt lines up a putt on the 17th hole during the second round of the rbc heritage at harbour town . spieth reacts to a putt on the 13th hole during the second round of the rbc heritage at harbour town . and the texan was relieved to see an improvement in his game from thursday 's disappointment . he said : ' i found something in my ball position on the range this morning , and it made a significant difference in my ball-striking and in my putting . ' i told ( caddie ) michael ( greller ) when the day started , ' hey , let 's try to get three ( strokes ) a side ' . let 's try to shoot six under today . and once we got a couple extra to go , it was off and running and do n't worry about your score ; just keep on trying to make birdies . ' fans watch on as spieth hits his tee shot on the ninth hole during the tournament in south carolina .