lord of the rings and hobbit fans who can’t afford to travel to themed attractions on the other side of the world can find a slice of middle-earth on the american frontier . a guest house inspired by author jrr tolkien’s fictional tales is attracting devoted followers of the book and film franchise – and others who are simply looking to stay in a place that is out of the ordinary . set in a remote valley in the north-west corner of the state , the shire of montana gives guests the chance to live like bilbo baggins for just under $ 300 ( £200 ) a night . the shire of montana , located in the north-west corner of the state , is inspired by jrr tolkien 's fantasy books . at 1,000 square feet , the underground house one king bedroom and a smaller guest room , plus custom-made wooden furniture . the 20-acre property near trout lake , montana has decorative hobbit homes , fairy doors and a tree stump-shaped troll house . at 1,000 square feet , the hobbit themed guest house is built into a hill on a 20-acre property which boasts decorative hobbit homes , fairy doors and a large tree stump-shaped troll house that people can step foot in . located in trout creek , about 100 miles south of the us-canada border , the tiny home has custom-made wooden furniture , a stove and barbecue for cooking and cosy rooms with round doors , and has no mobile phone service as it is completely underground . there is one king bedroom and a smaller guest room , and even though guests are unable to use their mobile phones indoors they can watch tv or select a title from the home’s collection of books about hobbits , or simply relax while escaping the grind of everyday life . set in a remote valley , the hobbit-inspired guest house - and tiny village - offers visitors the chance to escape the everyday grind . the house has a stove and barbecue for cooking , cosy rooms with round doors , and no mobile phone service as it is underground . owners steve and christine michaels spent more than $ 400,000 to transform the property into a destination for fans of the series . children and pets are not allowed during overnight stays , and it costs $ 295 a night for two guests , with a minimum of two nights . steve and christine michaels spent more than $ 400,000 to transform the property , which was intended to serve as a getaway for their family . steve , a fan of jrr tolkien’s fantasy novels , decided to transform it into a shrine for fans of the hobbit and lord of the rings , which were filmed in new zealand , after a friend told him the underground guest house looked like a hobbit house . the owner transformed the house into a shrine for fans of jrr tolkien 's books after a friend told him it looked like a hobbit house . in the woods surrounding the guest house , visitors may spot everything from deer and elk to mountain lions and bears . children and pets are not allowed during overnight stays , and it costs $ 295 a night for two guests , with a minimum of two nights . the guest house has granite counters in the kitchen , a gold ring that hangs from a rafter , and replicas of gandalf’s hat and walking staff , a large slingshot used by trolls in the series , and hairy hobbit feet that guests can slip on . in the woods guests may spot everything from deer and elk to mountain lions and bears . there is a wood burning stove to keep warm on chilly nights , although the interior temperature is constant at 12 c because the cottage is underground .