tensions between marine le pen , the leader of the french national front , and her father have escalated , as the 86-year-old founder of the far-right party defended having described nazi gas chambers as a ' detail of history ' . in words which will revive accusations that the far-right party remains anti-semitic , jean-marie le pen said he had ' never regretted ' making similar statements in the past . his daughter and current leader of the party marine le pen immediately distanced herself from the comments saying she ' deeply disagrees ' with her ' deliberately provocative ' father . tensions between french national front leader marine le pen ( right ) and her father worsened today as the founder of the far-right party ( left ) defended having described nazi gas chambers as a ' detail of history ' . reigniting old tensions , mr le pen , who is the founding father of the national front ( fn ) and still an mep , said : ' what i said corresponds to what i think . ' the gas chambers were a detail of the war , unless we admit that the war was a detail of the gas chambers ! ' during an interview on bfm tv in paris , mr le pen said ' the truth ' should ' not shock anyone ' , and that historical reality should not be used to portray him as anti-jewish . ' this case was manipulated against me by introducing a hint of anti-semitism , ' said mr le pen . ' i challenge anyone to name an anti-semitic phrase in my political life . ' repeatedly questioned about the holocaust , mr le pen said : ' war is horrible , you know , a piece of shrapnel that tears your stomach , a bomb that decapitates you , a room in which you are asphyxiated , it 's all pretty disgusting , it 's true . ' firebrand : reigniting old tensions , mr le pen , who is the founding father of the national front ( fn ) and still an mep , said : ' the gas chambers were a detail of the war ' . mr le pen 's daughter , marine le pen , is now the leader of the national front ( fn ) and has tried to steer it away from its anti-semitic and racist roots . speaking to the website of le figaro daily about her father , she said : ' i deeply disagree with him . ' i take note of what he said but i believe that those coming over to vote for us understand what is going on . he is being deliberately provocative . ' ms le pen 's party regularly wins up to 25 per cent of the popular vote at local and regional elections , and ms le pen intends to stand for the job of president in 2017 . under her leadership , the party has deepened its roots across france , winning outright control of some town halls and getting its officials elected onto the councils of ' departements ' , broadly the equivalent of counties . polls suggest she could make it into the second-round run-off of a presidential election but is unlikely to win . while other fn officials have been stripped of their party membership for racism , there has been no move to bar jean-marie le pen from a party of which he still holds the title of honorary president . he is popular with many fn members and will stand as a candidate in december 's regional elections , despite having been convicted on numerous occasions of being anti-jewish and for ' inciting racial hatred ' . distanced herself from comments : speaking to the website of le figaro daily , marine le pen said : ' i deeply disagree with him ... he is being deliberately provocative ' . he has regularly made the comment about the holocaust , telling the european parliament in 2009 : ' i just said that the gas chambers were a detail of second world war history , which is clear . ' mr le pen was first convicted by a munich court in 1999 for ' minimising the holocaust ' after telling a german far-right meeting that nazi concentration camps and the gas chambers are ' what one calls a detail ' . he has had a string of other convictions , including ones for violence and was briefly banned from being an mep in 2003 following a physical attack on a french socialist mep . jews have complained of increasing anti-semitism in france , much of it stirred up by far-right activists . the nazi holocaust extended to france between 1940 and 1944 , when thousands of jews were entrained from cities like paris to the german gas chambers .