striker jay hart , 24 , has been sacked after he was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager 's dugout while wearing a clitheroe fc tracksuit . a semi-professional footballer has been sacked by clitheroe fc after he was filmed having sex with a supporter in the manager 's dugout while wearing a club tracksuit . striker jay hart , 24 , could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs . the 73rd minute substitute for the lancashire non-league side was dismissed after the sex clip of his tryst at mossley afc in tameside , on saturday afternoon , was shared on social media . his team had just suffered a 4-1 defeat at mossley 's seel park stadium in the final game of the season which was billed as a ' ladies day ' to attract more female supporters . the face of the blonde fan can not be seen in the close-up footage . hart was sacked by the club , which play in evo-stik division 1 north , within hours of the footage being shared to fans . his girlfriend bryony hibbert , from oswaldtwistle , lancashire , who has two young children , slammed those responsible for filming and sharing the clip . writing on the clitheroe football club facebook page , she said : ' have a bit of decency for the people it 's affected . thank god my kids are too young to read . it 's disgusting . i bet their families are far from perfect . ' one person who saw the film , which was shared on twitter and instagram , said mr hart was unaware he was being filmed at first . he said : ' the camera came round the dugout and there was a blonde female with her head down . the man could n't see the camera because his eyes were closed . ' after a few seconds , he opened his eyes and laughed and the camera panned away again . i 've been to mossley afc a few times and it 's clearly their ground . the whole clip is only 10 to 15 seconds . ' clitheroe chairwoman anne barker said the player had ' brought the club into disrepute ' . she said : ' i ca n't have somebody wearing the clitheroe fc tracksuit bringing us down . ' it has brought the club into disrepute and it 's not proper for him to scupper our reputation . i expect our players to act professionally . ' it was brought to my attention on saturday night and dealt with through the management . i did offer to speak to him myself but simon ( garner , the manager ) said he would take care of it . ' the footballer could be heard laughing on the mobile phone footage as he was caught romping with the mystery blonde still in his club t-shirt with his tracksuit bottoms around his legs . clitheroe chairwoman anne barker said the player had ' brought the club into disrepute ' . mr hart previously played for colne fc and padiham fc before joining clitheroe , who currently sit 14th in the evo-stik league first division north . first team manager simon garner , who signed mr hart , said : ' at the time of this unfortunate occurrence on saturday , i was n't there . i had already left the ground . ' i found out later on when i saw how it played out in twitter . i 'm disappointed but we ca n't control what the players do outside the time we are with them . ' they choose what they want to do . unfortunately , jason was wearing the club tracksuit and he knows he has let the club down , so the club has done what it has done . ' he 's disappointed it has gone this far . it 's going to have consequences for him beyond leaving this football club ; with his family and possibly beyond that . ' football is only a small part of it . if he had thought about what would have happened when he did it , he would n't have done it . he will pay for it . ' when i spoke to him , he sounded very apologetic about it . i 'm disappointed for him . he will regret what he did and it was totally wrong . ' mr hart and his girlfriend could not be reached for comment . no-one from mossley afc was available for comment yesterday . 