the team bus carrying fenerbahce players and coaching staff back from an away game was shot at on saturday night . trabzon governor abdulcelil oz said the driver appeared to have been hit by a bullet , after initially stating he may have been hit by a stone . fenerbahce tv maintained the bus was attacked by an assailant with a shotgun . it said security officers on board quickly took control of the bus and safely stopped it after the driver was hit , averting an accident . none of the players were hurt . five round marks can be seen on the windscreen of the fenerbahce team bus after the attack . the window nearest the driver was smashed during the attack on saturday night . the injured driver , with blood seeping from a head wound , seeks help after the attack . caykur rizespor midfielder ludovic obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted against fenerbahce . ' the latest situation is that it appears to be a gun , ' said oz . ' it is too soon to say anything definite , but it appears to be a type of bullet fired by a rifle . ' former liverpool midfielder dirk kuyt was among 40 players and officials on board the coach which was attacked near the city of trabzon . the bus driver suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital . none of the players or club officials were reported to be injured . the attack came hours after fenerbahce 's 5-1 win over the black sea side caykur rizespor in the super lig . ashen-faced head coach ismail kartal surveys the damage to the team bus . players and coaching staff survey the damage after the attack near the city of trabzon . the bus driver was injured in the attack and was taken to hospital on saturday night . the bus was going over a viaduct on its way from the city of rize to the airport in trabzon to return to istanbul . fener general secretary mahmut uslu said on the club website the attack was ' very wrong ' , saying : ' we come here to do sport , we come to play football . ' president recep tayyip erdogan , the turkish football federation and turkish clubs condemned the attack . local tv footage reportedly showed the damage to the team bus and a hole in the steering wheel . meanwhile , caykur rizespor midfielder ludovic obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted after just 30 minutes before being taken for tests . caykur rizespor revealed on social media that obraniak was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests . there were fears that the 30-year-old , who is on loan from bundesliga club werder bremen had suffered a heart attack but he appears to have given the all-clear . fenerbahce team went top of the table after their victory on saturday , one point ahead of bitter rivals galatasaray . moussa sow celebrates after scoring for fenerbahce during their 5-1 win on saturday . ludovic obraniak ( left ) is currently on loan at caykur rizespor from german side werder bremen . 