celebrity residents and good commuter links to the city have made esher in surrey the country’s number one income tax hotspot , research shows . those living in the esher and walton parliamentary constituency – home to gary lineker , frank lampard , mick hucknall and chris tarrant – have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year . they paid the most income tax in 2012/13 , with bills averaging £16,900 , almost four times the national average of £4,363 , a study by accountancy group uhy hacker young found . celebrity residents and good commuter links to the city have made esher in surrey the country’s number one income tax hotspot , research shows . the average annual income is £59,600 - more than £30,000 above the average gross annual salary . like esher , the other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies – chesham and amersham ; windsor ; beaconsfield ; and dorking and leatherhead – are in the home counties and within an hour’s commute of london . only one of the top ten constituencies , tatton in cheshire , is outside the south-east . covering alderley edge , wilmslow and knutsford , the area is another celebrity favourite , attracting residents such as sir alex ferguson , rio ferdinand and andy cole . at the other end of the list , stoke-on-trent central had the lowest bills , at £2,100 - eight times lower than those in esher . those living in the esher and walton parliamentary constituency – home to gary lineker ( left ) and frank lampard ( right ) – have seen average income tax bills jump by 8 per cent in a year . the other top five highest income tax-paying constituencies include windsor ( castle above ) and beaconsfield . mark giddens , of uhy hacker young , said : ' the combination of a relatively high density of high earning celebrities and easy transport links to the city of london for those working in financial services , mean that many parliamentary constituencies across the south-east , and esher in particular , are a real hotspot for the taxman . ' with the tax rate at 45 % for the highest earners , pockets are clearly being created - mainly , but not solely , around the capital - where income tax bills are far outstripping the national average . ‘ whether residents of esher will relish the title of most highly income-taxed area of britain is doubtful . ’