they call themselves the ' thelma and louise of wellness ' and they 've taken mindfulness to the boardrooms of australia . shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell , who between them have been more than three decades of life coaching experience , are teaching their masterclass of wellness to ceos and executives across the country . skills such as dealing with stress , being aware of trains of thought , and accumulative mindfulness are being taught to professionals in the banking , business and retail sector . ' wellness in the past has all been about the zen ... but actually you can be wearing leather pants , and be zen , ' shannah told daily mail australia . thelma and louise of wellness : shannah kennedy ( left ) and lyndall mitchell ( right ) are taking their masterclass of wellness : the boardroom retreat to ceos and executives across australia . breathe deep : they teach skills and strategies which can be implemented into people 's every day lives . ' you can be groovier , you don’t have to be in your hessian pants because it’s got to be relevant for corporates , ' she added . the pair 's workshop , aptly named the masterclass of wellness : the boardroom retreat , is a way for executives and their staff to learn a set of skills that will help them every day . 1 . create good habits that support you : make sure you always have a ' reward ' built in to the habit for example when you go for a run allow yourself to walk the final few blocks home , or grab a coffee . 2 . reset throughout the day : as a stress reset try and take three deep breaths feeling your belly move rather than your chest . do this as often as possible so you 're building on an accumulative practice . 3.use your phone as a form of healthcare : have your key values programmed into your phone to pop up each morning and let these guide your decisions . 4 . set small sustainable habits : it 's the small things you do that have the biggest impact . look at something you already do and how can you make that into a habit . for example using your commuting time effectively by listening to an audiobook . 5 . set technology boundaries : switch off at least an hour before you go to bed at night , and do n't check work emails until you 're at your desk and able to deal with them . it takes attendees through a number of self-reflective activities , asking them to identify their key values and areas where they would like to improve . four mediation sessions are spread throughout the workshops , which are filled with facts such as 80 per cent of thoughts can be negative , and 98 per cent may be the same as the previous day . ' one in six staff members now suffer from a form of mental illness , whether it be stress , anxiety , depression or suicide , ' shannah revealed . ' people don’t go and have a day off because they have the flu , they actually need a mental health day . ' through their courses they work with executives and staff from organisations such as nab , macquarie bank , pwc , kikki , k , sportsgirl , commonwealth bank , hewlett packard and mercedes benz to help individuals and business be the most effective they can be . asked whether there is any resistance to something that was once seen as ' hippie ' or ' new age ' , the women said they have not experienced any , but instead have been overwhelmed by the amount of people taking it on board . ' i 've found in a lot of corporates that’s shifting a little bit , because the consequence is too expensive for them ' shannah revealed . ' when their staff blow up and their staff do get depressed and are away the cost of replacing them is too much , ' she added . through their courses the pair teach different strategies and activities that can be implemented into daily life which stop staff ' burning out ' . decades of experience : shannah ( left ) has been a life coach for 15 years , while lyndall ( right ) started her career in a wellness retreat . crash and burn : lyndall and shannah help ceos and executives avoid career burnouts and balance all elements of their lives . 'there’s all these different trains of thought in our mind , which train are you on ? ' lyndall , who started working at a health retreat 22 years ago , said . ' knowing that we have a choice because 80 percent of our thoughts can be negative , and 98 per cent can be the same as yesterday . ' we have 60,000-80,000 thoughts a day so that’s a lot of activity , so if you imagine you’re standing at a train station , that’s a lot of activity going on , ' she continued . practices such as meditation and even simple reminders of priorities are taught to help people stay on top of their game . shannah knows only too well the toll a demanding career can have on one 's health and wellbeing , and the implications of it crashing down around you . ' i studied coaching after having chronic fatigue after a total burnout in the corporate world , ' she revealed . ' ( i ) studied coaching , coached athletes into retirement and then turned corporate , so i now coach ceos , state managers , business owners and have done so for a long time , shannah added . creating good habits : the pair share a number of key tips which help staff take control of their lives and be the best version of themselves . thelma and louise : shannah and lyndall liken themselves to the duo from the 1991 film . whereas lyndall 's background is ' looking after type a achievers like shannah ' . ' i grew up in a remote part of queensland and ended up working at camp eden health retreat , which was two doors away from my family home . ' that cemented my passion for wellness so helping people overcome self-destructive behaviours , so alcohol addiction , drug addiction . ' but then i decided retreat experiences are fantastic but how do you integrate this back into the real world ? , ' lyndall said . it was around this time that the women met in a park while out with their kids , and decided to combine their knowledge to make it accessible for a wider audience . busy lives : as well as travelling teaching their masterclass , lyndall ( left ) runs aurora spas and a training college , while shannah ( right ) life coaches high profile athletes such as brett lee , but say they ' do n't do stress ' . as well as travelling teaching their masterclass , lyndall runs aurora spas and a training college , while shannah life coaches high profile athletes such as brett lee , and executives such as the director of pwc , cade brow . ' we 've got the busiest lives you 've ever seen , but we don’t do stress , ' shannah said . 'it’s just having the right skill set to support yourself ' . some of the women 's other high profile clients include former olympian benita willis , founder and creative director of kikki.k kristina karlsson , and media personality deborah hutton . they also work with executives at macquarie bank and nab - who they are about to embark on a national tour with , working with staff across all levels over the coming weeks . when it comes down to it , shannah and lyndall say they simply help people to be the ' best version of themselves ' . ' it 's about putting you back as the main priority , ' lyndall said . 