viewers have slammed saturday night live for a controversial sketch that made light of a teacher raping her 16-year-old student . during the clip he refers to the attack by his teacher as ' the best day of my life ' - immediately sparking outrage on twitter , with some calling it ' gross ' while another said it was a ' new low ' . an attorney , portrayed by host taraji p. henson , asks the boy how long the illicit relationship lasted , to which daly replies : ' five glorious weeks m'amm . controversial : the scene portrayed a teenager testifying called gavin daly , played by pete davidson ( left ) , in court during the trial of janet johnson-luna , 32 , played by cecily strong ( right ) . the youngster tells the court the affair lasted five ' glorious weeks ' and he instigated it to gain extra credit . the attorney then asks him to point her out . the teen points to her and says : ' she is right over there , looking all fine . ' he adds that he did n't feel pressured into the relationship , insisting he was the one who instigated it . ' after school , i went in and asked what i could do for some extra credit , and it was on , ' he added . the judge smiles and turns to the witness before saying : ' look at you . ' his response was that he asked for tylenol because he had been 'fist-bumping ' all the way home so his ' muscles were a little sore ' . ' new low ' : an attorney , portrayed by host taraji p. henson , asks the boy to pick out the teacher . he points to johnson-luna , adding she is looking ' fine ' . reaction : the actor told the court that when his classmates found out about the affair , he gave ' thousands of high fives ' . at the end of the scene , the witness even fist bumps the judge before he steps down from the stand . daly goes on to say the affair felt like ' disneyland ' and admitted he gave ' thousands of high fives ' when classmates found out about the relationship . when asks if he was called names , he lists of a number of terms he was referred to , including ' the man ' , ' my hero ' and ' luckiest guy ever ' . after the show aired on saturday , disgusted viewers expressed their dismay on social media . model me not wrote : ' i 'm actually offended by this `` hot for teacher '' skit on # snl ... sends the wrong message about sexual abuse . not cool . not funny . ' kimberly stolarick added : ' that hln student-teacher sketch on snl was gross and unnecessary . ' laurel krahn also condemned the show , saying : ' wishing taraji was hosting a well-written episode of snl or at least one without a sketch making fun of rape . ' kimberly stolarick was one of the viewers horrified by the scene , calling it ' gross and unnecessary ' . another twitter user said it was ' not cool ' , ' not funny ' and sent the wrong message out about sexual abuse . cassandra lease said the scene was a new low , even for saturday night live . jim sabtaso condemned the writing , calling it ' lazy humor ' .