many people will know the feeling of spending hundreds of pounds on so-called ' miracle ' products that claim to solve all-manner of beauty woes . while most of these products end up collecting dust in the back of a drawer , beauty has seen an insurgence of natural alternatives , with all-purpose ingredients such as coconut oil taking over in their place . one woman has promised to revolutionise beauty regimes with her creation of more than 100 products , all organic and natural , that can be concocted in your own kitchen . fifi m. maacaron 's book , natural beauty alchemy , contains over 100 ingredients which treat all-manner of skincare ailments such as acne , oil and dryness . fifi m. maacaron uses full-fat cream cheese in a face mask , which supposedly quenches the skin . fifi m. maacaron , 36 , is a pharmacist and natural skincare expert who believes that natural alternatives are the way forward , especially in the midst of gimmicky expensive products . maacaron , from newport news , virginia , created her book , natural beauty alchemy , not only to showcase that there are inexpensive alternatives to store-bought products , but also to explain many myths surrounding skincare . for example , while cream-cheese is usually more used to seeing the top of a bagel , maacaron proposes another use for it . her winter rescue mask is specially formulated for dry and weather-beaten skin and contains full-fat cream cheese . the 36-year-old author explains that the richness of the cheese will quench the skin and help protect it against weather-induced dryness . apple cider vinegar has been cited as a great cleansing agent , and is included as an ingredient in the subtle bubble shampoo . sesame oil is another beneficial natural ingredient , containing antioxidants and is well-tolerated by most skin types , even the most sensitive ones . apple cider is used in several of the recipes , in a toner for acne-prone skin and also in a shampoo - the acidic nature of the ingredient working as a great cleansing agent . other recipes suggest alternatives to everything from cleansers to foot creams to even perfumes , which use a spread of natural products including green tea to rinse hair , potatoes for a face mask and coffee grounds for cellulite . natural beauty alchemy was born when author maacaron went on the search for a perfect product , and was shocked by the falsity of some store-bought products . she says : ' as i entered into my 30s , i felt that my skin needed more care . ' as a pharmacist , i read ingredients labels and many times i 'd study each facial cream in the ' green and natural section ' and come out empty handed and shocked at the extent of dishonesty and fraudulent marketing . ' the natural skincare expert began formulating recipes herself and became a go-to for her friends and family . honey and lemon juice are other products that are regularly featured as beneficial natural skincare ingredients . she explains : ' i reached a point where i was becoming a reference to friends and family and many would ask me for recipes . ' i 've tried all of the recipes because i formulate them . i am a big fan of coconut oil and i include it in many formulations . ' maacaron 's overarching argument simply rests at the fact that she finds natural products superior to store-bought products . she explains : ' in organic homemade products , skin irritants such as synthetic fragrances and dyes are left out . this helps soothe skin and avoid breakouts and makes us really love , enjoy and trust what we 're applying on ourselves . ' nature is pretty much a powerhouse with a lot of effective ingredients that do provide obvious results . i 've seen people glow in just a week after switching to natural products . many of them look younger , without fillers or botox . ' weather aggression is always noticeable , not only on hands , legs , and lips , but also on the face . this mask contains full-fat cream cheese , which will restore some of the skin’s lipid mantle and help protect skin against weather-induced dryness . the remaining ingredients will boost skin’s vitality and revive it . while wheat germ oil is extremely nourishing , moisturizing , and anti-aging , grapefruit juice will load your skin with antioxidants and vitamin c for a refreshed and younger-looking skin . adding egg white is optional but strongly recommended if you wish to have proteins in your mask , as well . prepare this formula when your skin feels dry and tight , or routinely during winter and harsh weather months . ingredients . instructions . 1 . allow the cheese to soften at room temperature—do not microwave . flatten with a fork , and then add remaining ingredients one at a time while mixing with the fork . 2 . spread with a spatula on clean face and neck , directly or between double layers of precut gauze strips . ( prepare the gauze strips ahead of time by laying gauze in double layers and cutting four rectangles for the forehead and neck and four circles for the cheeks . ) 3 . lie back or sit in a reclining chair and wait 15–20 minutes before removing gauze pads and rinsing off . 4 . repeat this mask on a weekly basis to sustain results and protect the skin . follow with the application of daily moisturizer and a sunblock . this formula will transform concentrated liquid soap into a smooth and balanced hair shampoo . the argan oil restores shine and luster to dull hair . ingredients . instructions . 1 . mix the rosemary infusion and the vinegar . then pour it into the soap base , in a thin stream , whisking very gently to prevent foaming . blend in the argan oil , slowly , still whisking until all ingredients are well blended . 2 . use as a regular shampoo . this toner is named for its two key ingredients : vitamin c and cider . the acidic nature of apple cider allows skin to get rid of surface dead cells , while the vitamin c in lemon juice is a skin brightener that also acts as a powerful antioxidant ; it can reverse sun damage and reduce wrinkles , for a more youthful look . combined with the astringency of neroli and witch hazel in this formula , they will reduce oily secretions and help achieve a glowing and clearer skin . ingredients . instructions . 1 . start by dissolving the honey in ½ cup water . add the remaining ingredients one at a time , mixing continuously . then transfer to a bottle . 2 . shake well before each use . using a cotton ball , apply to the face and neck in the evening . rinse in the morning and wear sunscreen daily . this unscented oily serum is especially formulated for intolerant skin ; it’s suitable for most skin types , however , and is a powerful moisturizer , packed with antioxidants . sesame oil is a skin-friendly oil , well-tolerated by most skin types , even the most sensitive ones ; it contains sesamol , which has antioxidant properties , as well as unsaturated essential fatty acids and many minerals such as magnesium , calcium , and iron . grape seed oil is also a strong source of antioxidants and is a dry oil that absorbs quickly . this formula is kept simple by calling for ingredients that can be found in most grocery stores . ingredients . instructions . 1 . pour the oils into a glass bottle with a dropper , finishing with the vitamin e drops . 2 . close tightly and shake to blend the oils . 3 . in the evening , after cleansing , and while the face is still moist , apply 2–3 drops to your hands , rub them together , and massage this serum onto your face and neck .