a young yoga student is among nearly 40 britons who are currently missing in nepal in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake which has killed 4,000 people . susannah ross , 20 , told friends she was going trekking last week but has not been heard from since friday and may be unable to contact her loved ones at home in britain . while many of those initially reported missing have since been found safe and well , there are still several dozen british travellers who have not been heard from since the disaster on saturday morning . missing : susannah ross , pictured , is among the dozens of britons currently in nepal who have not been heard of since saturday 's earthquake . couple : chloe pincho and brennan white , pictured , were climbing mount everest when the earthquake hit two days ago . a number of britons were climbing mount everest at the time of the quake , while others were staying in the capital kathmandu or trekking through rural areas . miss ross 's family said today that they had been unable to contact the backpacker since the disaster struck and were increasingly concerned about her . she had recently set off on a three-week trek and warned relatives at home in bath they might not hear from her during that time , but they now hope she will call to let them know she is safe . her mother judy said : ' we are just waiting around really . we do n't know what is going on . before the trek she said , `` do n't expect to hear from me necessarily until i get back . '' we are doing what we can . ' the 20-year-old worked as a waitress to save money for her trip to asia , where she worked at a farm in nepal before going trekking . she was due to continue to india for a yoga course in june . among the other britons who have not been in contact with home since the 7.8 magnitude earthquake are a middle-aged married couple . barbara and ian nightingale , who are from nottingham and in their 60s , were believed to be trekking in nepal at the time of the quake . appeal : tom southgate , left , and samuel beckett , right , have not been heard of since the disaster . search : matt carapiet , left , and jack kilpatrick , right , are currently the subject of online appeals from their desperate families . fears are growing over julius olatokunbo , 53 , from forest hill in south-east london , after a climber wrote online that he had been ' taken with an avalanche ' and separated from his group . relatives of samuel beckett , 23 , who was in kathmandu at the time of the quake , say they are concerned because they have not heard from him in a week . speaking from his home in leicester , his father martin said : ' we have not heard anything . he is still listed as missing . we just keep watching the news and keep looking through the social media sites . ' a couple from carshalton in surrey , chloe pincho and brennan white , were trekking up mount everest at the time of the disaster and their whereabouts is now unknown . the parents of matt carapiet , 23 , from kent made an online appeal for him to contact them after he went missing in the wake of the crisis . abroad : martin gattuso , left , lives in nepal where he is a buddhist monk ; jake whyles , right , was visiting the mountainous country . 41-year-old scottish woman seobhan mcguigan and jack young , 21 , from lincolnshire are two more britons to be on the list of the missing . 59-year-old janet brownlie and jack kilpatrick , 24 , from teddington in middlesex , are also out of contact . judith ridgewell , who is in her 40s and from cornwall , has gone missing on her travels , and jake whyles , 24 , from lincolnshire is also out of contact . gary williams , 52 , from plymouth was last heard from on friday night , when he sent an email to his relatives while trekking in nepal . norah arscott , 77 , from somerset ; philip green , 30 , from london ; and shaun bailey , 27 , from stoke-on-trent are all reported as missing . 24-year-old naomi everett , from cheshire , is also on the red cross list of the missing , along with lloyd davies , 22 , from beckenham . rescue : the scene at everest base camp after the earthquake killed a number of climbers on the world 's tallest mountain . carnage : a building in bhaktapur , near kathmandu , which was almost completely destroyed by the natural disaster . another missing teenager is annette burd , 18 , from leicestershire , while relatives of tom southgate , 23 , are anxiously waiting to hear from him in nottingham and heather stretton , 47 , from lincolnshire is also missing . richard jones , 33 , from worcestershire went missing while trekking in annapurna ; victoria barkas , 34 , and ian norquay , from sussex have also been in the area . also missing are two britons who have moved to south asia - simon charlesworth , 49 , and buddhist monk martin gattuso , 38 , originally from norfolk . around 10 british-born expats living in australia are currently being sought . a number of other british travellers were initially reported missing but were able to contact their families within a day or two . these included sebastian lovera , 22 , who was hiking to mount everest at the time of the earthquake but has now returned to kathmandu to help victims of the disaster . teenager michael walker , a gap-year student from exeter who had been trekking in the region , was found safe and well today after his parents and former teachers issued an appeal . abdulla dahab , 21 , from london was also located for the first time today , allaying the fears of his family who had not heard from him as he set off on a mountain climb at the time the earthquake hit .