she might be a new mother to twins but that did n't prevent a fresh-faced charlene of monaco from cutting a glamorous figure as she presented a sports prize this morning . resplendent in an edgy navy leather jacket and a matching tailored dress , the 37-year-old was all smiles as she presented tennis ace novak djokovic with his sportsman of the year prize . the presentation of the award , which was bestowed on djokovic by the laureus sport for good foundation , came during the laureus world sports awards . scroll down for video . princess with prizes : charlene allows herself a chuckle as she hands the award to novak djokovic . although the main ceremony took place in shanghai , charlene 's star turn took place in monte carlo instead , with the moment projected onto big screens in front of a glitzy audience of actors and sports stars . among the big names celebrating with djokovic , albeit from a distance , were actors benedict cumberbatch and henry cavill and model karolina kurkova . while cumberbatch , who was hosting the main event , and 31-year-old cavill have no clear links to sport , charlene 's own sporting pedigree is impeccable . a successful swimmer , she burst onto the scene in 1999 at the all africa games in johannesburg where she picked up three golds and a silver for her native south africa . glamorous gathering : the 37-year-old royal cut an elegant figure during the presentation ceremony . sporting pedigree : charlene has an impressive sporting pedigree of her own and was an olympic swimmer . chuffed : mr djokovic looked suitably thrilled with his sportsman of the year award . she went on to compete in the 2000 olympics but narrowly missed out on the 2008 event after spending 18 months out with shoulder injury . since marrying monaco 's prince albert in july 2011 , she has used her position to promote a number of sporting initiatives via the princess charlene foundation . of these , the best known is a programme that encourages children to learn to swim , while emphasising water safety . today 's outing , for the laureus sport for good foundation , dovetails with her own charitable ambitions and promotes excellence in sport , as well as positive social change . now a mother to four-month-old twins gabriella thérèse marie and jacques honoré rainier , charlene is attending fewer engagements than previously but remains a familiar sight at sporting events . surprise guests : mr cavill and mr cumberbatch chat while showing their support for the sporting event . roles : mr cavill 's new film superman vs. batman is n't far off , while mr cumberbatch is prepping for hamlet . adding some glamour : model karolina kurkova and paralympic cycling star sarah storey .  