a texas mother who was intent on getting back stolen pieces of her husband 's truck set up a sting and met with the suspected criminal without realizing the alleged crook was packing heat . cristina coria , a stay-at-home mom with a nine-month old child , helped police nab the 18-year-old suspect and get back the bed of her husband 's custom-painted blue 2003 chevy stepside . in order to make it happen , the houston resident got a little help from facebook . scroll down for video . cristina coria used facebook and her wits to help police nab a man accused of stealing her husband 's truck . coria arranged to meet the suspect with her husband at a gas station parking lot near i-45 in houston , texas . the sequence of events leading up to the successful sting began on tuesday when the truck was stolen from coria 's driveway , khou reported . police discovered the vehicle the following day in a storage lot , but its bed and wheels had been stripped . when coria went on facebook after the truck was found , she saw an ad for a blue 2003 chevy stepside bed . when coria went on facebook , she saw an ad for a blue 2003 chevy stepside bed that looked familiar . she put two and two together and arranged to meet the man with her husband at a gas station parking lot near i-45 . the police were also called . when the seller showed up and they determined he almost definitely had the stolen parts , coria and her husband stalled him while waiting for police to arrive . coria said : ' i took his keys . ' while [ the seller ] was going around his truck , i took the keys from his truck . ' so when he was out there looking for his keys he could n't find them ; he could n't leave . ' i watch a & e a lot . ' the police arrived after a wait coria said approached two hours and arrested the man . a search of his truck turned up an illegal pistol . the suspect claimed he bought the truck parts on the street from a stranger outside the city . he said he had no idea the parts were stolen , even though they were being sold at a discount and did n't come with a receipt or bill of sale . police may charge him for theft and unlawfully carrying a gun . if she had known he was armed , coria said she ' probably would have ran ' .