a 24-year-old san diego man was arrested and charged on thursday with lying to federal agents about his involvement with islamic state militants fighting in syria , which has been documented on his facebook page . mohamad saeed kodaimati faced two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism matters in us district court of the southern district of california . saeed , who was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 , is accused of making false statements during interviews with the fbi and other us authorities at the us embassy in ankara , turkey , in march , the justice department said . terror suspect : mohamad saeed kodaimati , 24 , a syrian national and naturalized us citizen , is accused of making false statements to the fbi about his involvement with syrian militants . family business : saeed ( left ) is seen in a photograph taken in spring 2014 with his brother . mixed messages : saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting , had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any islamic state members , but the fbi has found evidence to the contrary , including this facebook photo . the criminal complaint said saeed falsely claimed he had not been involved in any fighting , had never fired his weapon at anyone and did not know any islamic state members . he also said he had never told anyone he was involved with the nusra front and had never worked or volunteered at a sharia court , it said . nusra front is al qaeda 's syrian arm . ' evidence gathered during the investigation contradicts these and other statements saeed made to the interviewing agents , ' a justice department statement said . federal agents investigating saeed , who immigrated to the us with his family at age 10 , have uncovered incriminating facebook photos and posts indicating his alleged involvement with syrian militants . one photo of saeed posted on his facebook page shows him with a man who officials say has sworn allegiance to isis . another photo of saeed and his brother show them in the spring of 2014 when saeed later admitted he shot up a syrian prison . others images released by the justice department this week depict a heavily bearded saeed brandishing powerful assault rifles , a faint smile on his lips . in online chats and posts , saeed allegedly bragged about working for a sharia court , openly expressed his support for isis and claimed he had fought in a gun battle that lasted four months , reported los angeles times . oversharing : in online chats and posts , saeed allegedly bragged about working for a sharia court , expressed his support for isis and claimed he had fought in a gun battle that lasted four months . terror tourism : the 24-year-old californian traveled from san diego to istanbul and was in syriaand turkey until his return to the united states in march . bad company : this photo shows saeed with a man who officials say has sworn allegiance to isis . ‘ i am currently the media person for the shari'ah authority , ’ saeed is alleged to have boasted to a friend online . in a december 2013 facebook conversation , saeed allegedly wrote , ‘ i work with the brothers , ’ according to documents cited by nbc san diego . the 24-year-old californian traveled from san diego to istanbul and was in syria and turkey until his return to the united states in march . he was arrested wednesday in rancho bernardo , located in the northern part of san diego . san diego 6 reported that saeed made his initial court appearance thursday and was ordered held without bail after prosecutors argued that the 24-year-old terror suspect was a flight risk and posed a threat to the community . he is due back in court next tuesday for a detention hearing . 