southampton boss ronald koeman will wait for a more accurate date for fraser forster 's return before deciding whether an additional goalkeeper must be signed in the summer . forster underwent knee surgery after falling awkwardly in the 2-0 victory over burnley a fortnight ago and estimates for his comeback have ranged from four to 12 months . koeman is reluctant to give a more precise time frame for the england international and views kelvin davis as a capable deputy , although he admits he may be forced to bolster his goalkeeping options if forster 's recovery is delayed . fraser forster suffered a serious knee injury in southampton 's match with burnley a couple of weeks ago . the england goalkeeper has undergone surgery but will certainly be out for several months . manager ronald koeman would not be drawn on whether southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer . ' fraser is down , of course . i spoke to him last week , ' koeman said at his press conference ahead of saturday 's barclays premier league trip to everton . ' the operation he had last week went okay , but he will be out for a long time - at least for this season . we have to wait to see how long he will be out for , it 's difficult at this moment . ' fraser is a fantastic goalkeeper . he was and is the number one for us . but as for every player you need good substitutes for each position . ' kelvin davis is a very experienced goalkeeper who played very well against burnley . koeman said he will wait for further updates on forster 's condition before making the decision . kelvin davis will deputise for forster until the end of the season . the saints still retain an outside chance of making the top four and reaching the champions league . april 4 everton ( a ) . april 11 hull city ( h ) . april 18 stoke city ( a ) . april 25 tottenham hotspur ( h ) . may 2 sunderland ( a ) . may 9 leicester city ( a ) . may 16 aston villa ( h ) . may 24 manchester city ( a ) . ' he made some fantastic saves and has a lot of experience , which is important for our last eight games of the season . ' we have to make a decision on the goalkeepers at the end of the season and if fraser is out for a longer time , a new goalkeeper is an option . ' striker jay rodriguez has been missing for a year to rehabilitate his own knee complaint and koeman has revealed that he could be back before the end of the season . ' jay has been training with the group and should be ready to play in four or five weeks , ' koeman said . midfielder steven davis is a doubt to face everton because of a groin injury he sustained on international duty for northern ireland . 