university of waterloo astrophysicists have created a 3d master map of the universe spanning nearly two billion light years . the innovative spherical map of galaxy superclusters is the most complete picture of our cosmic neighbourhood to date . it will help astrophysicists understand how matter is distributed in the universe and provide key insights into dark matter – one of physics ' greatest mysteries . scroll down for video . a slice through the 3d map of the nearby universe . our milky way galaxy is in the centre , marked by a cross . the map spans nearly two billion light years from side to side . regions with many galaxies are shown in white or red , whereas regions with fewer galaxies are dark blue . the lighter blue and white areas on the map represent greater concentrations of galaxies . the red area is the supercluster called the shapley concentration , the largest collection of galaxies in the nearby universe . unexplored areas are marked in uniform medium blue . professor michael hudson , jonathan carrick and stephen turnbull , of waterloo 's department of physics and astronomy , and guilhem lavaux of the institute d'astrophysique de paris of the centre national de la recherche scientifique of france , created the map . published online in the peer-review journal , monthly notices of the royal astronomical society — one of the world 's leading primary research journals for astronomy and astrophysics , knowing the location and motion of matter in the universe will help astrophysicists predict the universe 's expansion and identify where , and how much dark matter exists . dark matter accounts for a large majority of the mass content in the universe . it is a hypothesized form of matter particle that does not reflect or emit light and as a result it ca n't be seen or measured directly . the existence and properties of dark matter can only be inferred indirectly through its gravitational effects on visible matter and light . ' a better understanding of dark matter is central to understanding the formation of galaxies and the structures they live in such as galaxy clusters , superclusters and voids , ' said hudson . scientists have observed that galaxies move more than can be accounted for by the universe 's expansion . these discrepancies are called peculiar velocities . for example , our own milky way galaxy and its neighbour andromeda are moving with a speed of 2 million km/hr . previous models have n't fully accounted for this observed motion . hudson and his team are interested in discovering what structures are responsible for the peculiar velocities . these deviations in the motion of galaxies are a valuable tool to determine the distribution of matter and dark matter on the largest scales .  the next step is to get better maps and better samples of peculiar velocities to compare with our maps , the team say . they also created a video shows a 3d map of the nearby universe . the volume mapped is roughly circular , so it 's a bit like slicing an orange vertically from the edge through to the opposite edge . the location of our milky way galaxy is in the centre of the middle frame ( marked sgz=0 ) halfway through the movie . the map spans nearly two billion light year from side to side . regions with many galaxies are shown in white or red , whereas regions with fewer galaxies are dark blue . it shows the density field smoothed with a gaussian window of 4 mpc/h . 