harvey weinstein 's wife georgina chapman today gushed online about her ' wonderful husband ' - just days after it emerged he would not face criminal charges for allegedly groping an italian model . in an apparent effort to push past the scandal , the british-born fashion designer , who turned 39 on tuesday , shared an instagram image of a large bouquet of flowers he had bought for her . ' thank you for my beautiful flowers ! ! ! # wonderfulhusband # birthday , ' she wrote alongside the photo . scroll down for video . moving on : georgina chapman , who is married to harvey weinstein , shared this image to her instagram page on tuesday , with the caption : ' thank you for my beautiful flowers ! ! ! # wonderfulhusband # birthday . scandal : chapman , pictured with her husband in february , was reportedly ' furious ' after he was accused of groping an italian model in his manhattan office last month and wants to put it behind her . the birthday gift comes four days after her hollywood producer husband learned he will not face criminal charges after italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police he had groped her . battilana had claimed that the 63-year-old father-of-five touched her breasts and put his hand up her skirt during a ' business meeting ' at his tribeca film center office in manhattan on march 27 . the manhattan district attorney 's office investigated the model 's claims but announced last friday that it has decided not to prosecute weinstein . weinstein , who had always maintained his innocence , could have faced misdemeanor charges of forcible touching or sexual abuse if the allegations proved true . battilana reoprtedly refused to cooperate with authorities for four days after the complaint , which led to speculation she made the allegation in a bid to try and land a part in one of weinstein 's films . once that ' pipe dream ' came to nothing , she decided to cooperate and pursue the criminal case , according to sources . claims : italian model ambra battilana , 22 , told police weinstein groped her during a meeting last month . denial : weinstein , pictured last week , had insisted he had never touched the model and on friday , yhe manhattan district attorney 's office said it would not be prosecuting him . weinstein founded miramax with his brother bob in 1979 and is worth an estimated $ 200 million . his wife founded the luxury label marchesa . they have been together for seven years and have a young son and daughter . last week , a source told the new york daily news that chapman had been ' furious ' following the reports and had been intent on continuing with her work and avoiding further embarrassment to her young children . on instagram , she has shared photos of her work in the run up to bridal fashion week . ' the countdown begins , ' she wrote alongside a snap of some of her designs on monday . '5 days until the reveal ! ! excited ! ! # marchesa # ss16 # bridal . ' ' any suggestion that these flowers were for anything but georgina 's birthday is a complete fabrication , ' said a rep from the weinstein company . focused on her work : last week , chapman , who co-founded luxury brand marchesa , shared this image of her working on designs for bridal fashion week , with the caption ' doing what i love most ! '