a nurse has been charged with manslaughter after allegedly turning off a patient 's life support without permission . police in canada have also charged joanna flynn , a former nurse at georgian bay general hospital in ontario , with criminal negligence causing death . the 50-year-old was arrested on thursday , and it is thought it is the first time a health care professional has been charged for switching off a life support machine in canada . the outside of georgian bay general hospital in ontario , canada , where flynn worked as a nurse . its ceo and president said in a statement : ' a criminal charge involving someone at our hospital is ... highly distressing ' . the name of the patient has not been formally released , but the husband of deanna leblanc , 39 from midland , told the toronto star she was the alleged victim . the mother of two died at the hospital on march 2 , 2014 , leaving the couple 's two young sons aged 15 and 18 . her husband michael leblanc said deanna had undergone a minor knee operation when she suddenly woke up in at 3am in the morning , feeling ‘ like she was dying’ . she was taken to georgian bay and as her condition rapidly deteriorated , she was put on life support . the furniture saleswoman died at around 8.30pm that evening . mr leblanc said he is still coming to terms with her death a year on . ‘ it just wasn’t right’ , he told the star . ‘thirty-nine years old and nothing wrong with her but a bum knee’ . ‘ this should never have happened’ , he added . the police in midland launched an investigation on march 6 , and on thursday announced they had arrested flynn . in a statement they said : ‘ to preserve the integrity of this investigation and the pending case before the court , no further information will be released . ’ the former georgian bay general hospital ( pictured ) nurse joanna flynn will appear in court again on may 29 . karen mcgrath , the president and ceo of georgian bay , said in a release that they had been advised by lawyers not to make any further statements about the investigation . she added : ‘ a criminal charge involving someone at our hospital is a highly distressing occurrence and will create a good deal of anxiety for our community . ’ flynn did not respond to requests for comment from local media . she has now been bailed and will appear in court again on may 28 .