my teenagers demand something a bit more exciting than sand and sea from family summer holidays nowadays , and given their obsession with all things kardashian , we decided on california this year . in fact , we plumped for a classic american road trip - driving along the pacific coast highway ( aka route 1 ) from san francisco to los angeles . it took molly , dylan and i three weeks to do it , and we fitted so much in during that time it 's difficult to even do it justice . navigating route 1 from san fran 's iconic golden gate bridge to la , jane horrocks enjoys her road trip . san francisco is known as america 's most european city , possibly because you 'll need to pack a fleece even in late july . the mist that rolls in off the sea and shrouds the golden gate bridge most days can sometimes linger , but we never stayed still long enough to get cold . based in the funky hotel zetta - where the foyer-come games room and bar is plastered with colossal photos of john lennon and past guests of alcatraz - we spent three days hurtling around the city , often clinging for dear life to the famous cable cars that haul you up and down the city 's hills . we ate clam chowder from a bread bowl at fisherman 's wharf , we trawled the boutiques of haight ashbury in search of the summer of love , we bussed out to the golden gate , and we wondered at the aquarium in golden gate park . jane travelled the scenic route , taking in beaches . and , fleeces on , we took the boat trip to alcatraz , which is not to be missed . the brilliant audio guide that leads you around the prison is narrated only by men who were once guards or prisoners on the rock , making for an eerie and compelling tour . after trying to distil the city into only 72 hours , we climbed into our suv and headed for route 1 . it 's only about 350 miles as the crow flies between san francisco and la , but this ( mostly ) coastal route is probably well over 500 miles long as it winds through some of california 's most wonderful , ever-changing scenery . much of the highway has a 55mph speed limit and has only one lane in each direction - it 's time to take your foot off the gas , relax and take it all in . my children said it reminded them of dorset as we headed south past santa cruz and then nipped briefly into monterey to dine in a seafront restaurant on the edge of cannery row , the waterfront district made famous in john steinbeck 's novel of the same name . at dylan 's insistence , we took a detour on to 17 mile drive , the scenic road around the monterey peninsula that leads to the world-famous pebble beach golf club . he was rather disappointed by the condition of the course there , but thrilled with the state of quail lodge and golf club , our first port of call just outside the pretty little town of carmel . even the non-golfers among us loved our luxurious bungalow at the edge of the course ; secluded and tranquil , plush and green with a view of distant mountains . when the sound of silence got too much for us , just across the street at valley hills there was the excellent and lively baja cantina mexican restaurant , and a wonderful deli too . leaving carmel , you find yourself at the edge of the spectacular area known as big sur : wild and often mountainous terrain battling it out with the equally wild pacific . dining in cannery row , the waterfront district made famous in john steinbeck 's novel of the same name . the road coils up and down cliffs and crosses cavernous gorges for almost 100 miles - incredibly dramatic but sometimes not for the faint-hearted . we stopped off at the garrapata national park , in a baking-hot and silent valley , where the crash of the waves was replaced by the hum of insects and the call of the buzzards wheeling overhead . this was a completely different wildness , underlined when dylan narrowly avoided stepping on a basking rattlesnake . at the end of big sur you can encounter yet another type of wildness altogether in the form of the legendary madonna inn in san luis obispo . every bedroom is themed here - from rock bottom ( it 's a cave ) to old mexico and the comparatively muted silver walls and flock wallpaper of our own crystal room . to call the madonna inn ' kitsch ' is to do it a huge disservice , because it takes everything to a whole new level of eye-popping taste . take the gold rush steakhouse , which puts the shocking into pink . the whole place is furnished and upholstered in this garish shade , softened only by the presence of enormous gold chandeliers . you have to see it to believe it , but the food and service were fantastic . big sur : where the wild and often mountainous terrain battles it out with the equally wild pacific ocean . we took a rare detour off route 1 to the danish settlement of solvang , a sort of cutesy yet sinister re-creation of denmark in the california sun , full of pastry shops and chinese tourists . a little unnerved by this , we headed back to the safety of the highway and soon found ourselves in santa barbara . it 's the classic california of posters and t-shirts , with infinitely long palm-lined streets with mountains at one end and the ocean at the other . we stayed at the beach side end of one such thoroughfare in the aptly named harbor view inn , and found great seafood at the end of the pier at stearns wharf opposite the hotel and at the fantastic fishhouse just a couple of blocks along cabrillo boulevard . over the rail tracks behind the inn is state street , where you can find everything from macy 's and american apparel to tattooists and cavernous bars advertising punk rock bingo . the farmers ' market closes the street on a tuesday afternoon , offering up a californian cornucopia of fruit , veg and other tasty treats . to the east of state street is the funk zone , an old industrial area that is regenerating itself into a haven of restaurants , art galleries and wine-tasting rooms . back on the road near san simeon , you will see exotic animals on either side of the highway . floundering on the beach are gigantic elephant seals - enormous specimens of blubbery ugliness hooting and honking and generally having a riot at the edge of the sea . spectacular : an enormous neo-classical marble swimming pool dominates hearst 's magnificent mansion . on the other side are zebras - direct descendants of the herd that press tycoon william randolph hearst installed at the magnificent hearst castle , which appears right ahead of you . you can take a tour of the castle and its grounds . after a 15-minute coach drive up the snaking road to the top of the hill , you discover a spectacular mansion furnished with antiques and tapestries from all over europe , and boasting roman baths , an enormous neo-classical marble swimming pool and its own private cinema . in the 1930s , hearst castle was party central for clark gable , errol flynn , greta garbo et al . having soaked up a bit of the golden age of hollywood , we headed off on route 1 again to see the city of angels of today . there we stayed at the slick and sleek viceroy santa monica hotel , choosing the beach-life of santa monica and venice over the urban sprawl of hollywood or beverly hills where the car is king . the body-builders and gymnasts of muscle beach and the rollerblading buskers of venice are highly entertaining , and you can walk everywhere . hollywood is really an idea rather than a place anyway . it always seems as if it might be just around the next corner but it never is , and the hollywood sign always stays aloof in the distance . what a beach : huntington beach is a pure three-and-a-half miles of uncrowded white sand loved by surfers . we went on an excellent guided tour taking in the chinese theatre , walk of fame , rodeo drive , sunset strip and other spots of note . a sunday trip to universal studios was great fun , too , for the rides and a look at a real working film set on its day off . mind you , the scariest ride of the day was getting on the freeway by accident on the way into la . unless you 're a professional stunt driver in a hurry , the freeway is probably best avoided in favour of a trundle along the city 's more sedate boulevards . we drove the last 40 miles south through the la suburbs to our final stop at the huntington beach hyatt regency . and what a beach it is - three-and-a-half miles of uncrowded white sand known as surf city . it was thrilling to watch the guys surfing along on the waves . later we watched the sun go down over the pier from the comfort of the superb duke 's restaurant , before ambling back along a beach glowing with fire-pits and shrouded in barbecue smoke - preparing ourselves for the horrors of donning fleeces again for the journey home . american sky ( americansky.co.uk , 0843 6362001 ) offers an 11-night self-drive golden california tour from £1,199pp . it includes room-only accommodation at a choice of hotels along the route from san francisco to los angeles , return flights with united airlines from gatwick into san francisco and out of los angeles , and 4wd car hire . for more information about california , go to visitcalifornia.co.uk or call 020 7257 6180 .  