around one in 10 americans suffer from explosive anger management issues and has easy access to guns , a study has found . some 3.7 million of the short-fused gun owners also confessed to carrying their weapons outside of the home . the research carried out by harvard , columbia and duke university found that the majority of angry gun owners were young or middle aged men . around one in 10 american suffering from explosive anger management issues has easy access to guns , a study has found . they were said to be more likely to live in suburban areas and be married , according to the study . they also discovered that despite some struggling with ' impulsive ' and ' destructive ' behavior , this was not picked up on background checks that could restrict their ownership , according to cbs news . the findings were described as ' something of a wake-up call , ' by the report 's author jefferey swanson . ' to have gun violence you need two things : a gun and a dangerous person , ' he said . ' we ca n't broadly limit legal access to guns , so we have to focus on the dangerous people . ' the study , that saw more than 5,500 men and women quizzed , came in the wake of a number of high-profile gun tragedies in the us . the study comes in the wake of a number of high-profile tragedies in the us . pictured : mass murderer adam lanza , left , who gunned down 26 people at sandy hook elementary school and james holmes , right , accused of shooting dead 12 people at an aurora movie theatre . more than 306,000 people have died in the us as a result of being shot in the last 10 years . adam lanza , 20 , became one of america 's most notorious murderers when he went on an 11 minute shooting spree at sandy hook elementary school in 2012 . he killed 20 student and six teacher in the massacre . in a movie theatre in aurora . colorado , 12 people were shot dead and 70 others injured by alleged gunman james holmes . but swanson reportedly told cbs : ' the idea that the solution is to simply fix our mental health care system to better identify serious mental illness is a little bit of a red herring . ' instead the study suggested that the previous convictions , including driving matters , were taken into account by those dishing out the licences .      