michael owen has warned raheem sterling that life after liverpool may not be all he hopes it to be after the england youngster revealed this week that he had rejected a £100,000-a-week deal at anfield . owen , like sterling , started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid in 2004 . but he says the 20-year-old is not good enough to make the same move to the spanish capital . chelsea , arsenal and manchester city are all said to be interested in the hottest property in english football , but liverpool are determined not to let one of their star players leave , even with his contract expiring at the end of next season . michael owen has warned raheem sterling that leaving liverpool may not be all he hopes it would be . owen , like sterling , started his senior career at liverpool but eventually moved on to real madrid . owen feels that sterling is in a great place to develop , having done the same during his time at anfield . owen feels that sterling is in a great place to develop , but argues that it does n't mean the youngster owes the club anything . ' there is no question he ( sterling ) has been at the perfect place to learn his trade and he has been managed fantastically well so far , ' owen said . ' but that should n't mean he should be indebted to the extent of feeling he owes everything to the club . if the club created top players from nothing then everyone would make it . ' a club is quick to get rid of a player when they do n't serve a purpose anymore so why should a player not do what 's best for him when the boot is on the other foot ? ' owen scored 158 goals during his time at liverpool , spending eight seasons on merseyside until 2004 . owen bursts away from bruno ngotty of bolton wanderers before he left liverpool for real madrid . owen left liverpool for real madrid in a £16.8million move in 2004 before later moving on to newcastle united . sterling is expected to start for liverpool in saturday 's lunchtime kick-off against arsenal after brendan rodgers stated his intention to keep hold of the winger . and owen says that the lack of a place in real or barcelona 's teams mean that the only move he could make away from anfield would be a sideways one . sterling spoke in an interview with the bbc this week about his career ambitions and turning down the deal . the presence of cristiano ronaldo and co leave owen unconvinced that a move to spain would be right . ' having watched him closely throughout his professional career , it it is fair to say that his progress has been spectacular , ' he wrote on sportlobster . but he is still a notch or two off being `` world class '' . ' i do n't see what realistic options he has got if a move away from anfield was on his mind . he would n't get into real madrid 's or barcelona 's teams and any other move surely has to be seen as a move sidewards ? '