the cheyenne mountain complex is one of the icons of the cold war - a self-contained and sufficient town buried under the rockies meant to be impervious to a soviet nuclear barrage . it was home to the north american aerospace command ( norad ) , scanning the skies for russian missiles and the military command and control center of the united states in the event of world war three . the high tech base entered popular culture with appearances in the 1983 cold war thriller war games and 1994 's stargate - which imagined the complex as a clandestine home for intergalactic travel . scroll down for video . secret : the cheyenne mountain complex in colorado was built for norad to direct the american response to a nuclear war with the ussr during the cold war . protection : there are 15 three story building inside the military complex and each is buffered by a 25-ton blast door . small town : the cheyenne mountain complex is home to more than 1,000 personnel and is able to operate as an underground town for months with fresh water and food . it shut down nearly ten years ago as the threat from russia seemed to subside , but this week the pentagon announced that cheyenne mountain will once again be home to the most advanced tracking and communications equipment in the united states military . the shift to the cheyenne mountain base in colorado is designed to safeguard the command 's sensitive sensors and servers from a potential electromagnetic pulse ( emp ) attack , military officers said . the pentagon last week announced a $ 700 million contract with raytheon corporation to oversee the work for north american aerospace command ( norad ) and us northern command . admiral william gortney , head of norad and northern command , said that ' because of the very nature of the way that cheyenne mountain 's built , it 's emp-hardened . ' power : at its height cheyenne was home to norad who watched 7,000 aircraft per day as part of their surveillance operations . headquarters : the us and canadian military jointly operated norad from within cheyenne and soldiers from north of the border made up 15 percent of the personnel at the base . around-the-clock crews monitor u.s. skies from the command center of the northern command located deep within cheyenne mountain at the foot of the rocky mountains near colorado springs , colorado in 2002 . ' and so , there 's a lot of movement to put capability into cheyenne mountain and to be able to communicate in there , ' gortney told reporters . ' my primary concern was ... are we going to have the space inside the mountain for everybody who wants to move in there , and i 'm not at liberty to discuss who 's moving in there , ' he said . the cheyenne mountain bunker is a half-acre cavern carved into a mountain in the 1960s that was designed to withstand a soviet nuclear attack . from inside the massive complex , airmen were poised to send warnings that could trigger the launch of nuclear missiles . but in 2006 , officials decided to move the headquarters of norad and us northern command from cheyenne to petersen air force base in colorado springs . the cheyenne bunker was designated as an alternative command center if needed . almost 10 years ago , the military closed the secretive defense complex carved into cheyenne mountain that for decades monitored american skies for threats . the north american aerospace defense command operations center was moved to nearby peterson air force base , which is home to the u.s. northern command created after the sept. 11 attacks . cheyenne mountain complex is 2,000 feet below the granite rocks and made up of 15 three-story buildings protected from nuclear blasts and seismic movement by a system of 1,000 giant springs . the entire complex is designed to withstand a direct hit by a 30 megaton nuclear explosion and has 25-ton blast doors surrounding the complex . norad , a joint u.s. and canadian command , was set up in the 1960s to monitor the skies for threats like missiles , aircraft and space objects . in 2006 , adm. tim keating , who commanded both norad and the u.s. northern command , said the government 's best intelligence ' led them to believe a missile attack from china or russia was very unlikely . ' cold war heroes : the cheyenne mountain bunker is a half-acre cavern carved into a mountain in the 1960s that was designed to withstand a soviet nuclear attack . that , along with the emergence of varied terrorist threats such as suicide bombers , ' was why we recommended that we do n't need to maintain cheyenne mountain in a 24/7 status . we can put it on `warm standby , ' said keating . about 1,100 people work in the mountain , long a symbol of the cold war . buildings inside it are mounted on springs to absorb the shock from a nuclear blast , while the entrance is guarded by a vault-like door several feet thick . the complex includes banks of batteries and its own water supply . excavation on the site began in 1961 . canadian crews stationed at cheyenne mountain will also made the move to peterson , keating said . hollywood : sci-fi movie stargate ( 1994 ) was set inside the cheyenne mountain complex while 1983 's war games also imagine a nuclear standoff operated from inside the nuclear bunker . that move was touted a more efficient use of resources but had followed hundreds of millions of dollars worth of modernization work at cheyenne carried out after the attacks of september 11 , 2001 . now the pentagon is looking at shifting communications gear to the cheyenne bunker , officials said . ' a lot of the back office communications is being moved there , ' said one defense official . officials said the military 's dependence on computer networks and digital communications makes it much more vulnerable to an electromagnetic pulse , which can occur naturally or result from a high-altitude nuclear explosion . under the 10-year contract , raytheon is supposed to deliver ' sustainment ' services to help the military perform ' accurate , timely and unambiguous warning and attack assessment of air , missile and space threats ' at the cheyenne and petersen bases . raytheon 's contract also involves unspecified work at vandenberg air force base in california and offutt air force base in nebraska . 