faithless’ dance anthem ‘insomnia’ booms out seconds before games at fulham , and it’s rather apt for kit symons . his sleepless nights must be becoming all the more frequent as these haunting weeks go by . down rained the boos yet again from a disgruntled bunch of supporters who deserve so much more than this ; far more than a team lacking identity and direction . those fans will quite rightly point to the fact their side were out-played for large parts against rotherham , a club with a far inferior budget and experience at this level . they are losing faith in their manager , even though fulham should retain their championship status from here . ross mccormack ( left ) pokes home the equaliser but fulham were unable to push on for the winner . that they came away with a point was down to poor finishing from the yorkshire visitors , nothing more . ross mccormack came to the rescue after matt derbyshire’s early opener to spare blushes . fulham just want this wretched campaign over . ‘ first half we were awful , ’ symons said . ‘ second half was a huge improvement to a bit better than awful . we’re limping closer . ‘ the sooner we get the points needed the sooner i’ll start sleeping in an evening . ’ that spoke volumes . kit symons ( centre ) admitted his side were second best and says the club need to rebuild in the summer . ‘ it is slow and it’s painful . we need to rebuild in the summer . it’s an anxious period - people are concerned . the players did show good character to come from behind . ’ steve evans’ team still await their fate after being charged for fielding an ineligible player , farrend rawson , during the win against brighton earlier this month . should the football league follow the precedent set with afc wimbledon last year , the millers will find themselves lumped with a three-point deduction . when that judgement is to be made remains unclear - although it almost certainly will come before the final day on may 2 - meaning the relegation dogfight could go to the wire , with resurgent millwall enjoying a game in hand . rotherham knew points must be won here , and set about bossing proceedings from the very first minute . matt derbyshire ( centre ) pokes home the opener after four minutes to put steve evans ' side in the lead . fulham xi : bettinelli , richards , turner , burn , husband , parker , guthrie , tunnicliffe ( hoogland - 54 ) , ruiz , mccormack , smith . subs not used : kiraly , stafylidis , hutchinson , woodrow , rodallega , kavanagh . goals : mccormack 67 . booked : guthrie , burn , turner . rotherham xi : martinez , hunt , morgan , broadfoot , lafferty ; smallwood , arnason , frecklington , pringle ; ward , derbyshire . subs not used : collin , wilson , wood , hammill , bowery , milsom , green . goals : derbyshire 4 . booked : broadfoot . referee : andy davies . how it came to pass that matt derbyshire might’ve put the visitors three goals up inside the first four minutes will mystify symons . eventually the former olympiacos striker settled for one , the simplicity galling for a club who were facing tottenham this time a year ago . firstly derbyshire clipped wide inside the six-yard box before the long legs of dan burn prevented him from tapping home seconds later . but fulham fell asleep from ben pringle’s corner to present derbyshire with a third opportunity and he wasn’t to miss , stabbing in from close range to signal the craven cottage dissenters to find their voice . matt smith’s header was cleared off the line in an instant reply , but symons’ side looked shot , as they had been here against brentford and wigan previously . and they allowed derbyshire in again , this time burn misreading a high ball , but he was thwarted by marcus bettinelli . danny ward squandered a glorious chance from 12 yards , skewing a shot wide as fulham continued to be carved open . bryan ruiz ( 10 ) is denied a goal by the on-rush arsenal loanee emiliano martinez of rotherham . fulham 's remaining fixtures : blackpool ( a ) , middlesbrough ( h ) , norwich ( a ) . rotherham 's remaining fixtures : norwich ( h ) , reading ( h ) , leeds ( a ) . kirk broadfoot was guilty of missing a superb chance from another corner and the central defender later struck a post . saying they could have scored five before the break isn’t hyperbolic . ' they could 've been out of sight , ' admitted symons . bryan ruiz spurned a good opportunity for the hosts , mccormack then failing to stretch far enough to covert at the back post . every stray pass was met with groans , each overhit cross with sighs . many are resigned to these turgid displays , but more than a small section just will not accept it . symons was bailed out by mccormack though , who got on the end of scott parker’s pass to poke in a 67th-minute equaliser . it was a rare moment of quality , but edges them closer to safety . matt smith ( centre ) was unable to continue his good goalscoring form for the cottagers . ‘ the goal is a blatant handball by mccormack , ’ rotherham assistant paul raynor fumed . ‘ we dominated possession and created a number of opportunities . ’ ‘ you hope something’s going to fall for us . one thing that can never be labelled against our team is a lot of character and desire . that’s the minimum we expect . we’re enjoying the challenge and had a difficult week . a good word to use is defiance . ’ symons added : ‘i’ve seen the goal again and there’s probably an element of doubt , but i’d expect them to have a moan about it . ’ the goal gave the whole place a lift , smith unfortunate not to win a penalty after craig morgan’s shove and substitute tim hoogland thumped a header over when unmarked at the back post . oddly , one point may have been three but that would’ve merely masked glaring deficiencies . for all the talk of difficulties , staying in the division is the only thing that matters . time for fulham to press reset and start again .