she might be celebrating her 75th birthday today , but an overjoyed queen margrethe of denmark looked far younger as she waved to excited crowds from the balcony at the amalienborg palace . the danish monarch was joined for the balcony appearance by her son and heir , crown prince frederik , 46 , his wife crown princess mary , 43 , and their four children . waiting below was an enormous flag-waving crowd who went into raptures as the royals appeared , watched by members of other european royal dynasties , among them sweden 's and norway 's . scroll down for video . royal wave : queen margrethe is flanked by her sons frederik and joachim as she waves to the crowds . celebrating : denmark 's crown prince frederik , his wife mary and their nine-year-old son prince christian on the balcony . family affair : frederik and mary were joined by their four children , including twins vincent and josephine . pay attention ! four-year-old vincent appeared more interested in scaling the balcony rails . what 's going on ? prince christian grimaces at something in the crowd during his grandmother 's birthday celebrations . also on the balcony was margrethe 's second son , joachim , 45 , his french wife princess marie , his children from his first marriage , nikolai , 15 , and felix , 12 , and his youngest two , henrik , five , athena , three . one royal who could n't be present on the balcony or for the lunch at the københavns rådhus [ city hall ] that followed was margrethe 's 80-year-old husband prince henrik who , according to palace officials , is suffering from flu . the french-born royal also missed the carriage procession down copenhagen shopping street strøget to the rådhus and was replaced for the day by his son frederik . despite being without prince henrik , the appearance proved a cheerful affair - largely thanks to the antics of four-year-old prince vincent , who did his best to scale the railings of the balcony . held back by his father , the youngster smiled mischievously and was quickly copied by his twin sister josephine - much to their mother princess mary 's amusement . girls together : prince joachim holds his three-year-old daughter athena , while crown princess mary clutches four-year-old josephine . overjoyed : queen margrethe , who was without her husband prince henrik , appeared overcome . saying thank you : margrethe , who was resplendent in a turquoise ensemble , waved to the crowds . saying hello : the danish royals toured copenhagen following the balcony appearance . enjoying the day : denmark 's princess marie , crown princess mary and queen margrethe wave to the crowds outside the amalienborg palace . enjoying the ride : margrethe and mary sat opposite each other during the procession along strøget . pomp : the royals were followed down main shopping street strøget by a detachment of guards . birthday wishes : queen margrethe enjoyed an official luncheon at the københavns rådhus at the end of the procession along strøget . joining in : swedish royals , including crown princess victoria , also appeared on the balcony . showing their support : sweden 's 65-year-old king carl xvi gustaf and his brazilian-born wife , queen silvia . support : norway 's crown prince haakon , crown princess mette-marit and king harald on the balcony . enjoying the moment : deposed king constantine ii of greece , his wife queen anne-marie and princess benedickte of denmark on the balcony . australian-born mary , who was elegant in a navy ensemble topped with a grey cocktail hat , certainly appeared to be enjoying the moment , smiling broadly as she stood with her four children . frederik , meanwhile , was content to wave to the crowd and at one point leaned down to whisper in the ear of his older son , nine-year-old prince christian . the moment came on the second day of margrethe 's birthday celebrations which began last night with a gala dinner at the christiansborg palace and continued with a procession this morning . among the guests to join the danish contingent for the event were crowned heads from the netherlands , belgium , spain and luxembourg as well as those from sweden and norway . spain 's king felipe and queen letizia , the youngest reigning royals in europe , led the way in , followed by the equally glamorous king willem-alexander and queen maxima of the netherlands . norway 's king harald , who joined the danish royals on the balcony today , was accompanied by his wife queen sonia , and his son crown prince haakon and daughter-in-law mette marit . sweden 's 65-year-old king carl xiv gustaf also brought his heir , in his case crown princess victoria , 38 , and her former personal trainer husband , prince daniel . other royals to attend included the elegant queen mathilde of the belgians who shimmered in a stunning purple gown at last night 's event and smiled broadly as she made her way inside on the arm of husband king philippe . watch out for the wind ! norway 's crown princess mette-marit , 41 , and sweden 's crown princess victoria , 37 , attended the event . future queen : crown princess victoria chats to her husband and former personal trainer prince daniel , 41 , during the celebration . outpouring : thousands gathered outside the amalienborg palace and along strøget . overjoyed faces : flag-waving crowds snapped pics outside the amalienborg palace . crowd control : thousands of revellers patiently awaited for the royals to come out on the balcony . denmark 's official royal magazine , billed bladet , celebrates margrethe 's 75th birthday by featuring the queen on the cover . joyful : the crowds were particularly delighted when queen margrethe appeared on the balcony . wake up : crown prince frederik and crown princess mary prepare to wake queen margrethe . friendly : crown princess mary with queen maxima ( left ) and crown prince frederik with nephew nikolai . windy : the chilly danish weather appeared to be taking its toll on crown princess mary 's hair . getting better : queen mathilde , who recently injured her knee , showed off a black knee-brace . all smiles : the belgian royals and grand duc henri of luxembourg also took part in the wake-up . excited : prince joachim 's youngest son henrik , five , ( in blue coat ) looked thrilled to be taking part . delighted : queen margrethe looked pleased with her wake-up and smiled broadly at her family . hello there ! she then leaned down to wave at the gathering below . the former ruler of greece , king constantine ii , 74 , also attended , as did his wife queen anne-marie who was ravishing in her emeralds . politicians were also among the guests last night , with denmark 's glamorous prime minister helle thorning-schmidt giving the royals a run for their money in a shimmering cream tulle gown . iceland , a colony of denmark for more than 600 years , was also represented , with president ólafur ragnar grímsson attending with his israeli wife , dorrit moussaieff . several speeches were made during the dinner , including a tribute from crown prince frederik which the 46-year-old made in three different languages . the danish heir was also among the party that arrived at the amalienborg palace early this morning to help queen margrethe get her birthday off to a wonderful start . joined by the netherlands ' maxima and willem-alexander as well as all of the danish royal children , frederik serenaded his mother with a chorus of a traditional danish folk song from beneath her window . a clearly delighted margrethe was seen peering out in surprise before smiling broadly and offering the singers a round of applause . speech ! crown prince frederik paid tribute to his mother in three languages last night . guests : king philippe and queen mathilde of the belgians and king felipe and queen letizia of spain . chat : grand duc henri of luxembourg chats to crown princess mary during the dinner . celebrating : joachim and marie of denmark and willem-alexander and maxima of the netherlands . glamorous gathering : the scene in the banqueting room at the christiansborg palace last night .