ricky hatton’s former trainer has been charged with sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 16 . bob shannon , 59 , helped prepare hatton for his comeback fight against vyacheslav senchenko in november 2012 , which the former two-weight world champion lost and promptly retired . the manchester-based trainer’s stable includes hatton’s brother , matthew , the european welterweight champion , and fighters who have won british and european titles . bob shannon ( right ) with ricky hatton in september 2012 after the boxer confirmed his ill-fated comeback . he has been charged with a sexual assault on an underage girl after police received a complaint last year . manchester-based shannon trained hatton for just one fight , against vyacheslav senchenko of russia . shannon has been charged with a sexual assault against a girl under the age of 16 . greater manchester police confirmed that shannon , from glossop , derbyshire , would appear before magistrates next week . shannon landed a three-fight deal to train hatton through his ill-fated comeback after guiding matthew hatton to a world title shot . but when the hitman lost to senchenko , shannon lost his marquee fighter . recently , his most high-profile boxer has been welterweight denton vassell , who fought and lost in a british welterweight title eliminator last september . shannon’s charge came after a report a girl had been sexually assaulted last june . hatton ( second right ) shows the pain after losing his comeback fight against senchenko in november 2012 . shannon has also trained hatton 's brother , matthew ( right ) , to a european title and world title shot . ‘ robert shannon of derbyshire was charged with sexual assault and due before manchester and salford magistrates on 22 april 2015 , ’ said a police statement . hatton became british boxing’s biggest star when he became light-welterweight world champion after an epic victory over kostya tszyu in 2005 . the larger-than-life character went on to win the welterweight world title , under the tutelage of long-term trainer billy graham . hatton’s weight fluctuations between fights eventually caught up with him and he lost super-fights against floyd mayweather in 2007 and manny pacquiao two years later , before retiring for the first time . he turned to shannon to guide his comeback in 2012 but the senchenko defeat was their only fight together . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .