george kidd , the chief commissioner of the direct marketing commission , said it would be investigating two firms . two firms exposed by the daily mail as selling private information are to be probed by the industry watchdog . b2c data sold our undercover reporters the financial data of 15,000 people – including details about their pension pots , incomes and investments . the second firm – data bubble – supplied our team with health details on 3,000 patients – such as whether they suffered from high blood pressure , arthritis or even bladder problems . the direct marketing commission said it would probe both companies over claims that they had breached the rules on the sale of private data . it confirmed it was ‘ formally investigating two companies following allegations in the daily mail that personal data was shared inappropriately and without the consent of users’ . george kidd , the chief commissioner , said : ‘ the allegations in the daily mail are serious . people must be able to trust those with whom they share their data . we will look carefully at the roles and conduct of these two companies and advise the direct marketing association on our findings quickly . ’ the firms are already at the centre of a major probe by the information commissioner’s office , which said the sale of such details was ‘ on the face of it , a very serious breach of the data protection act’ . in meetings covertly filmed by our reporters , bosses at b2c data were seen boasting of how they held thousands of details on every family in britain . one , gareth doran , boasted : ‘ we know what clothes they buy , what health products they buy , where they go on holiday , how many times they go on holiday , what income they’ve got , whether they have children . ’ data bubble bosses offered to provide our reporters with the names of people with ‘ different ailments’ for around 16p each . when asked how the information was obtained , the firm’s owner , hypnotherapist joanne clayton , said : ‘ it could be people who bought mobility products from a catalogue … or even if they’ve been on holiday and they’ve ticked to say that they are needing help on the flight with regards to that , we can then identify that they actually have problems with mobility . ’ data bubble owner joanne clayton , pictured , said that they obtained information from people who brought products in a mobility catalogue . both companies sold the records despite not carrying out checks on the mail’s bogus cold calling firm . had they done so they would have quickly discovered it was simply a website and was not registered or regulated by the financial conduct authority . the announcement follows calls – led by david cameron – for a clampdown on companies found guilty of selling personal data without consent . the prime minister suggested on monday night that the law would be tightened if loopholes were being exploited by unscrupulous cold callers .  