manchester united climbed above rivals manchester city on saturday night into third place in the premier league table after a 3-1 victory over aston villa . ander herrera opened the scoring before half time and wayne rooney made it two after the interval with a superb second before christian benteke pulled one back for tim sherwood 's side . but midfielder herrera added his second and united 's third late on to secure the three points for manchester united . here , sportsmail 's dominic king gives his player ratings from old trafford . manchester united ( 4-3-3 ) david de gea – one of the quietest afternoons he has had all season ; perhaps that explained his aberration for aston villa’s goal – 6 . antonio valencia – industrious down the right flank , almost created a goal for rooney with one surge ; not tested defensively – 7.5 . manchester united pair phil jones ( left ) and antonio valencia ( right ) battle christian benteke for the ball . phil jones – with villa offering no threat , the england international was able to engage cruise control . had benteke under-wraps – 7 . marcus rojo – elegant on the ball , passed it well and came close to opening the scoring with a 30-yard drive that fizzed over the bar – 7 . daley blind – always looks comfortable regardless of the position he plays ; a professional job in a professional performance – 6.5 . ander herrera – to think there was a time when he couldn’t get a game . passing was excellent and his two goals were thoroughly deserved – 8.5 . manchester united midfielder ander herrera celebrates opening the scoring against aston villa . michael carrick – having a renaissance this season after disappearing under david moyes ; kept things simple and smooth – 7 . marouane fellaini – he bullied liverpool in his last performance but wasn’t so aggressive here ; could have scored with a second half header – 6.5 . juan mata – no repeat of his anfield heroics . flitted in and out of the game , some nice moments but times when he disappeared – 6.5 . juan mata in action for manchester united against aston villa at old trafford on saturday . ashley young – had the bit between his teeth against his old club ; came close to a goal with a flashing drive in the second half – 7.5 . wayne rooney – captain led by example and scored a quite magnificent half-volley to give united an unassailable lead – 7 . wayne rooney ( centre ) celebrates his goal with team-mates radamel falcao ( left ) and herrera . subs . di maria ( for young ) 70mins . falcao ( for fellaini ) 77mins . unused . valdes ( gk ) , rafael di silva , di maria , falcao , januzaj , mcnair , pereira . aston villa ( 4-4-2 ) brad guzan – earned his keep with saves from rojo , blind , rooney and fellaini ; couldn’t do anything about herrera’s goal – 7 . alan hutton – substituted at half-time with an injury . had previously found it hard work trying to contain young – 5.5 . jores okore – powerless to stop rooney scoring a magnificent second ; not a great impact on the game – 5.5 . aston villa defender jores okore ( left ) vies for the ball with manchester united captain rooney . ciaran clark – fortunate to escape in the fourth minute when wrestling rooney to the floor ; could easily have been sent-off – 6 . matthew lowton – playing out of position on the left and it was heavy weather at times when mata started running at him – 5.5 . charles n’zogbia – seemed his job was more centred on stopping united attacking rather than on going forward himself – 5.5 . carlos sanchez – lots of energy in the middle but offered nothing to get villa going forward ; difficult afternoon – 6 . fabian delph – had his work cut out trying to keep herrera in check . never had chance to get villa moving forward – 6.5 . aston villa midfielder fabian delph ( left ) battles for the ball with ashley young of manchester united . andreas weimann – didn’t make much of a contribution going forward and had little influence on the game ; substituted late on – 6 . christian benteke – threw his side a late lifeline when benefitting from a rare de gea lapse ; it was the only chance he got – 6.5 . aston villa striker benteke ( left ) celebrates scoring against manchester united . subs . joe cole ( for weimann 77mins ) . unused . given ( gk ) , baker , vlaar , bacuna , cole , gil , grealish . 