a woman told she was infertile after undergoing gruelling cancer treatment has spoken of her joy at giving birth to a baby boy . doctors told cara newton , 32 , from fleet , hampshire , she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009 . while mrs newton and her husband , chris , 34 , were relieved that chemotherapy had worked , they were devastated to be told they would never have a family of their own . some chemotherapy drugs permanently stop the ovaries from producing eggs . this means a woman can no longer get pregnant and may have symptoms of the menopause , as mrs newton did . cara newton , 32 ( with husband chris ) , was told she had a zero per cent chance of conceiving naturally after being diagnosed with bone cancer in 2009 . to her utter surprise , she conceived baby sebastian naturally . mrs newton was diagnosed with ewing 's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in april 2009 . she had to undergo several rounds of chemotherapy which doctors said would destroy her fertility . after ivf failed , the couple feared they would never become parents . but 10 months later they were astounded to discover mrs newton had become pregnant naturally with baby sebastian , who was born last april . the couple tried ivf using a donor egg but when that failed , they feared the worst . then 10 months later , to their utter surprise , mrs newton became pregnant naturally with baby sebastian , who was born last april . she said : ' i was heartbroken when doctors told me i had zero chance of ever becoming a mum . ' chemotherapy had taken my hair , made me sick and plummeted by body into early menopause . ' i had always wanted children but my hopes of having my own family had been destroyed overnight . ' she added : ' chris and i decided to try ivf using a donor egg . even though the baby would n't biologically be mine , at least i would experience pregnancy and we would become parents . ' ' when it failed i was gutted , but just months later i fell pregnant naturally , it was a dream come true . we had to keep pinching ourselves to check it was real . ' mrs newton was diagnosed with ewing 's sarcoma - a rare type of bone cancer - in april 2009 . she had become concerned after suffering from pain in her leg - something she first thought was a pulled a muscle . but an mri confirmed her worst fears - she had bone cancer and could lose her leg . she said : ' i was terrified when i heard the word `` cancer '' and the amount of treatment i would need . ' during surgery , mrs newton had 13cm of bone removed from her femur , which was replaced with a metal internal prosthesis . mrs newton had 13cm of bone removed from her femur , which was replaced with a metal internal prosthesis . she also underwent multiple rounds of chemotherapy , all the time worrying she would lose her leg . she said : ' i ended up in intensive care a couple of times as the chemotherapy made me so ill that my body could n't cope with the treatment . chemotherapy can stop a woman 's ovaries from working either temporarily or possibly permanently . the extend of the damage on fertility depends on the drugs and doses a patient receives . some chemotherapy drugs are also more likely than others to cause infertility . permanent infertility is more likely if a patient have higher doses of the drugs . it is also more likely in older women , especially those nearing the age where they would naturally have a menopause . some chemotherapy drugs permanently stop the ovaries from producing eggs . if this happens , a woman can no longer get pregnant and may have symptoms of the menopause . while it is not as easy for women to preserve their fertility as it is for men , but there are ways of doing it , such as freezing embryos , freezing eggs or freezing ovarian tissue . these techniques are done before the chemotherapy starts and involve having some eggs collected . source : cancer research uk . ' i was in a situation where i had to continue with chemotherapy or the cancer would kill me - but at times it was a risk that the chemo could kill me . it was terrifying . ' it was the support of her now husband that got her through the ordeal , she says . ' chris was my rock throughout it all and he proposed to me when i finished treatment in 2010 but i wanted to wait until my hair grew back before we got married , ' she said . after marrying the following year , the couple were overjoyed to be told mrs newton was in remission - and they turned their thoughts to starting a family . but the gruelling treatment mrs newton had undergone severely hindered their chance of conceiving . ' the treatment stopped us from trying ivf through using a donor egg straight away , ' she said . ' and when it failed in october 2012 and i fought off two serious infections that could have cost me my leg , i felt as though i would never become a mum . ' with mrs newton on strong medication until july 2013 , they were unable to try for a baby . ' so when i fell pregnant naturally in august we both felt like it was a complete miracle , ' she said . ' being a mum to seb is the best thing in the world , chris and i finally have the perfect family we have always wanted . ' she added : ' if someone could have told me five years ago that i would keep my leg , by cancer free and become a mum i would never have believed them . ' she said : ' when i fell pregnant naturally , it was a dream come true . we had to keep pinching ourselves to check it was real ' . with sebastian now a year old , she said : ' being a mum to seb is the best thing in the world , chris and i finally have the perfect family we have always wanted ' . she has now shared her story will give other women hope . ' i hope my story shows other women who have battled cancer that despite going through the menopause after chemotherapy , that miracles do happen and that one day they could have a baby too . ' mrs newton has also been supported throughout her illness by the bone cancer research trust . julie harrington , bone cancer research trust chief executive , said : ' finding out you have primary bone cancer is devastating enough but to be told you may never have children as a result is a real shock . ' cara has shown incredible bravery and strength throughout her journey and is now blessed to have a beautiful baby boy . ' ' every year in the uk and ireland 600 families will be affected by this brutal disease which leaves long-lasting physical and emotional scars , even after treatment . ' cara 's story gives a ray of hope to others through their darkest times and we wish her and her husband all the very best for their new life as parents . ' 