imran uddin used a keyboard spying device to hack into university computers and up his exam marks . a student who tried to cheat his way to a better degree by hacking into the university computers and changing his marks has been jailed . imran uddin , 25 , who was studying science , bought keyboard spying equipment on the internet which he then connected to a number of university computers . through the software , which recorded key strokes , he was able to find out the passwords that staff were typing in to log in to the computers . he then used those passwords to log on to their accounts himself . after hacking into the university computer system , uddin changed the marks that he had been given for previous assessments . on one paper , he upped his mark from 57 per cent , a lower second grade , to 73 per cent , a first . he carried out his plot using keyboard ‘shadowing’ devices which look like a usb stick and can be bought for as little as £49 on the internet . he plugged these into the back of a number of staff computers at the university of birmingham where he was studying . the device records everything which is typed into the keyboard and saves the data . uddin , from birmingham , was in his final year of a bio-science course . at the time of the hacking he was expected to achieve a 2:2 degree . he was jailed for four months at birmingham crown court on thursday after admitting six charges which were in breach of the computer misuse act . sentencing him , judge james burbridge said it was unclear why uddin had tried to change his grades . judge burbridge said : ‘ for reasons not entirely clear to me , whether it was monetary , or pride , or a desire to outperform others , you decided to cheat and you formed a settled intention to do that . i consider your actions were planned and persistent . ’ he warned that uddin’s behaviour could have undermined public confidence in the degree system . the judge added that he felt compelled to put uddin behind bars as a ‘deterrence’ to others . judge burbridge said : ‘ this kind of conduct undermines , or has the potential to undermine , public confidence in the degree system , set up by this university . i have decided i can not pass a suspended sentence because there needs to be an element of deterrence . ’ uddin was found out after staff discovered the devices when several computers were upgraded on october 7 last year . when they removed the protective casing from the computers in the bio-science building , the spying devices were discovered . staff then began checking other university computer equipment and a further three spying devices were found . madhu rai , prosecuting , said : ‘ it is effectively a case where the defendant has hacked into a number of computers at the university where he was studying for a degree in bio-science . ’ miss rai said one tracker had been attached to a computer in a ‘ staff only’ area to obtain the password of employee christine chapman , who had access to exam grade software . uddin ( police mugshot , left , and outside court , right ) , who is married , was yesterday jailed for four months after admitting six breaches to the computer misuse act . birmingham crown court ( pictured ) heard how uddin attached a ' shadowing ' keyboard device at the back of a number of university computers in order to steal staff passwords . an investigation by university staff revealed that uddin had changed the marks on five pieces of his coursework . his home was searched by police and analysis of his computer revealed that he had carried out searches for keyboard cheating devices on the online marketplace ebay . balbir singh , defending , said uddin had felt pressure because he was the first person in his family to have gone to university . as a result of the need he felt to succeed , ‘ he could not see clearly’ , mr singh said . he added : ‘ it is very unlikely that any other university will touch him after this . this is not a case where he was hopelessly failing and was not going to be able to succeed . ’