four men have been moved out of intensive care after suspected drug overdoses during a party cruise on sydney harbour , possibly due to a dangerous strain of ecstasy pills known as ' blue scissors ' . the men - two 21-year-olds and a 25 and 22-year-old - collapsed on the vessel on good friday , forcing it to dock near the opera house . they were rushed to st vincent 's hospital . police said heir condition was critical overnight but they are now stable . on friday afternoon , about 800 partygoers poured off the bella vista boat after the party came to an end . four men are believed to have suffered from drug overdoses during a party cruise on sydney harbour , possibly due to a dangerous strain of ecstasy pills known as ' blue scissors ' . one man is suspected of taking up to four ecstasy pills in one hit , including blue ones with scissor stamps on them , a friend told police . police believe at least that man , and possibly the others , had taken ' blue scissor ' pills , similar to those linked to overdoses in cronulla last year . three men and a woman were hospitalised last november after taking the pills . on friday afternoon , about 800 partygoers poured off the bella vista boat after the party came to an end . police allege an officer was assaulted as people left the vessel . two men , 21 and 22 , were charged and will appear in court this month . before the boat - which was hosting a ' dirty funken beats ' party - left king street wharf at noon , three sniffer dogs were on hand to greet passengers . police say they discovered cocaine , marijuana and mdma before the boat left the wharf . before the boat - which was hosting a ' dirty funken beats ' party - left king street wharf at noon , three sniffer dogs were on hand to greet passengers . ' we are rather concerned about how the drugs came on board , ' acting superintendent joe mcnulty said . ' instead of getting one drug dog yesterday , we went pretty firm and got three drug detection dogs there to comb the wharf , comb the area and all the participants before they boarded the boat . ' police discovered cocaine , marijuana and mdma , supt mcnulty said . disgruntled passengers took to facebook on saturday demanding refunds from promoters . ' how bout that refund eh ? ' one person wrote . dirty funken beats responded : ' we work hard to put on awesome parties for everyone and something happens out of our control and you want 40 bucks back . ' not overly thoughtful but we will sort it for you . ' the cruise operator was served with a short-term closure order , preventing the vessel going back on the water for 72 hours . supt mcnulty said it was the first time such an order had been served on a sydney harbour party boat . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .