an elderly couple died of carbon monoxide poisoning after lighting a barbecue in their home to keep warm during a power cut , an inquest heard . grandparents patrick and marianne charles , 78 and 74 , were without heating during a blackout on a cold november night last year . the couple , who had been married for 53 years , sat down in their conservatory in eastbourne , east sussex , with a glass of wine each and fired up the barbecue to heat up the room . an elderly couple died of carbon monoxide poisoning after lighting a barbecue in their home ( pictured ) to keep warm during a power cut , an inquest heard . the conservatory quickly filled with smoke and within minutes the couple were unconscious after choking on the fumes . they couple laid dead for 16 days before their son , andrew charles , raised the alarm on december 11 and police searched the property , hastings magistrates ' court heard . maintenance work by uk power networks caused the power cut , the inquest was told . mr charles said his parents often went on holiday abroad and neighbours said the pair ' kept themselves to themselves ' , so it was not unusual for them to go weeks without contact . the son 's statement to the hearing read : ' they loved their holidays , faithful friends and their grandchildren . they were happy and in love after 53 years of marriage . ' east sussex deputy coroner christopher wilkinson recorded a conclusion of accidental death . they couple laid dead at their home on cedar close , eastbourne , for 16 days before their son found them . carbon monoxide poisoning is often caused by people lighting barbecues inside tents , with campers warned not to use them in enclosed spaces . official advice from public health england on carbon monoxide poisoning states : ' the potentially deadly gas , which you can’t taste , smell or see , is produced when fossil fuels or wood burn without enough oxygen . ' several campsite deaths have been linked to carbon monoxide poisoning from barbecues in recent years . the gas can build up quickly to potentially fatal levels in enclosed spaces such as tents or caravans . ' sheila merril , public health adviser at the royal society for the prevention of accidents , said : ' carbon monoxide ( co ) is particularly dangerous because it has no colour , smell or taste . it is therefore easy to inhale without realising it . ' co poisoning is caused by faulty or badly-serviced gas and other fossil fuel-burning appliances and systems . barbecues should not be used indoors as this can lead to a build up of co . ' to remain safe , families need to ensure that gas and fossil fuel appliances are serviced regularly and know the signs of co poisoning , which include prolonged flu-like symptoms or coal or wood fires that burn slowly or go out . ' symptoms can include headaches , drowsiness and nausea , causing some victims to believe they have a minor illness , such as a cold or food poisioning , or are even just sleepy . however long exposure to the toxic fumes can have severe consequences , including unconsciousness and death .