one of australia 's most successful and wealthy business leaders has sold his sprawling mansion for a whopping $ 5.5 million . flight centre founder and brw rich list alumni geoff harris put the port melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $ 12 million on his albert park dream home in may last year . mr harris , who definitely knows how to strike a favourable deal , accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on saturday . flight centre founder and brw rich list alumni geoff harris put the port melbourne home up for auction after splashing out $ 12 million for an albert park dream home in may last year . the buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer . 63-year-old self-made millionaire harris , who is reportedly worth $ 975 million , stepped back from the flight centre business in 1998 and directorship in 2008 , however he is still one of their biggest shareholders . in 2003 , harris , along with a number of other investors , rescued top deck travel in the uk from receivership . mr harris , who definitely knows how to strike a favourable deal , accepted the hefty offer for his four-bedroom home from a couple at auction on saturday . the buyers knocked out any other bidders with their fist bid and went on to seal the deal with their generous offer . he is now one of the co-directors of the hugely popular tour group . mr harris is also an investor in boost juice bars around australia and is the former vice-president of afl club hawthorn . while he is n't focusing on his business acquisitions , the divorced father of three is working with disadvantaged youth-focused charities and is believed to have donated $ 450,000 to streat , an organisation that helps kids change their lives . the four-bedroom house has ample parking with six spaces for those who have a passion for cars . the home features two living spaces - a family room and a more sophisticated space . the kitchen features a massive island , top-end appliances and sleek cupboards . mr harris bought the melbourne home from mirvac in 2006 for $ 3.75 million , according to domain . situated right on the sandy shores of first point beach , the luxurious house is in one of melbourne 's most exclusive residences . the four-bedroom house has ample parking with six spaces for those who have a passion for cars . situated right on the sandy shores of first point beach , the luxurious house is in one of melbourne 's most exclusive residences . there is plenty of space for entertaining in the house , with two living areas . a wealthy australian business man has sold his melbourne home for a whopping $ 5.5 million . located just six houses down from the beach , the breathtaking pad has stunning beach vistas and is surrounded by water . a lap pool located at the back of the property overlooks the golden sands and a large outdoor area is the perfect space for entertaining . inside , the house is filled with light and is well proportioned with spacious bedrooms , an impressive master suite and a large balcony overlooking first point beach . located just six houses down from the beach , the breathtaking pad has stunning beach vistas and is surrounded by water . inside the house is filled with light and is well proportioned with spacious bedrooms , an impressive master suite and a large balcony overlooking first point beach . for those who like to wake up to a nice view , each bedroom overlooks the beach . for those who like to wake up to a nice view , each bedroom overlooks the beach . the dining area features ceiling to floor doors which can be opened out onto the sprawling vista . decorated in a modern and chic way , the house is any beach lover 's dream , with steps down from the dining room into the bright living room and an informal living zone . decorated in a modern and chic way , the house is any beach lover 's dream , with steps down from the dining room into the bright living room and an informal living zone . the huge bedrooms are decoration with a modern twist and feature massive windows . the living area features ceiling to floor doors which can be opened out onto the sprawling vista . the kitchen features a massive island , top-end appliances and sleek cupboards . mr harris ' new $ 12 million home , which was built in 1873 , has been restored with a modern twist .