a philadelphia woman lost her leg and her home went up in flames , all because a neighbor believed she was trying to steal her boyfriend and ran her down in her suv , family members say . precious richardson coleman , 29 , turned herself in to police saturday and awaits two charges of attempted murder after running down 24-year-old beatrice ' dee dee ' spence and her uncle in her 2004 white dodge durango . wpvi reports that coleman had shown up on spence 's block in the nicetown neighborhood of philadelphia , before spence went out to confront her . struck down : ' dee dee ' spence , 24 , lost her leg in an intentional hit and run by 29-year-old precious richardson coleman , who believed spence was trying to steal her boyfriend , according to family members . that 's when coleman sped forward , hopping the curb and striking both spence and her uncle , 37-year-old damon watson , who was standing alongside his niece . ' she jumped up on the pavement , ' watson told the daily news . ' i turned , and the car threw me . she hit me on the side . i bounced off the car . ' ' i turned and saw dee dee . her whole leg was flying off , ' watson continued . ' it was hanging off . she was screaming in pain . ' family members said the suv briefly pinned spence against the porch , before coleman reversed and sped away . paramedics arrived and transported spence to temple university hospital in critical condition , where she had to have her right leg amputated below the knee . spence 's mother , danika , had been frying chicken and cooking macaroni and cheese , but left the kitchen in a rush to help her daughter . charged : coleman turned herself in to police saturday morning and is held on $ 750,000 for attempted murder and related charges . hit and run : a security camera caught coleman 's suv speeding away from the scene . the vehicle was later found by police with significant damage to the front bumper . double tragedy : spence 's mother , danika , ran out of the house to help her daughter , leaving unattended food cooking on the stove , which triggered a housefire . the unattended stove went up in flames , causing a housefire that consumed both the spences ' home and a neighbor 's , before firefighters extinguished the blaze . the hit and run was the climax of a simmering feud between the two women over coleman 's current boyfriend , whom spence had reportedly dated in the past . ' she thought dee dee was with him , ' spence 's sister alissa , 14 , told the daily news . ' she was n't at all . that was her ex . they were n't seeing each other anymore . she had moved on . ' at 5 a.m. on the morning of the incident , relatives say , coleman showed up at the front of the home that spence shared with her mother and two younger sisters . ' it 's precious , ' ameria spence , 9 , recalled hearing coleman saying . ' tell your daughter to stop f****** blocking me on instagram ! ' ' then she picked up a brick and threw it through the window , ' ameria added . danika spence filed a police report , family members said , but coleman phoned dee dee spence a few hours later to say she was going to return . police found spence 's suv with significant damage to the front bumper saturday morning . coleman is currently being held on $ 750,000 bail at riverside correctional facility on attempted murder and related charges . for now , the spence family is trying to recover from the traumatic incident , staying at the home of spence 's grandmother next door to the house that went up in flames . ' my mom , she 's just so hurt . she 's devastated , ' spence 's 14-year-old sister said . ' she just wants dee dee home and safe . ' ' my sister says she 's trying not to be depressed . she 's strong . but this is a lot . '