video footage has emerged of a drunken stag party group who caused mayhem on a flight from scotland to spain . fellow passengers sat stunned as the yobs - some of whom were shirtless - sung and swore their way from glasgow to alicante on a jet2 flight last friday morning . witnesses said the group drank heavily , abused fellow passengers and airline staff and refused to sit down when the aircraft was landing . scroll down for video . footage has emerged of a drunken group of yobs on board a jet2 flight from glasgow to alicante last week . spanish police were called by cabin crew to escort one of the party , a man in his thirties , off the aircraft when it arrived in spain . all passengers on the jet2 flight had to wait in their seats as the plane waited on the runway while officers dealt with the situation . mobile phone footage of the incident shows a female passenger arguing and grappling with a group of men in the aisle of the plane . one passenger said : ' it was the most horrendous flight i have ever been on . ' there was a large stag party who boarded the plane at glasgow and they obviously had already had a lot to drink . ' they were shouting , singing and swearing throughout the flight . a few of them took their tops off and refused to sit in their seats when told to . ' the video shows the group - some of whom are shirtless - jostling a woman who tries to calm them down . the incident took place on a jet2 flight to alicante , where the men were heading for a stag party . the passenger added : ' one of them in particular was swearing constantly and getting into arguments with other passengers . the airline staff were struggling to cope with his rowdiness . ' there were families on the flight and the behaviour was totally out of order . when we landed we were all held on the flight to wait for police to come on board and remove one of the guys . ' one woman got really frustrated at the delay and got involved in a bit of a pushing match with the group . ' the group , who were travelling to the spanish holiday resort of benidorm , left glasgow airport for the three-hour flight to alicante on friday morning . it is understood the man who was held by police was later released and he was banned from travelling home on his booked jet2 flight . one man was escorted from the plane after it landed in alicante ( pictured ) . he was banned from flying back . a spokeswoman for jet2 said : ' we can confirm that following disruptive behaviour on flight ls177 from glasgow to alicante a passenger was denied boarding on his return flight . ' the safety and security of our customers is paramount and this particular passenger 's conduct on the outbound flight was disappointing and not acceptable . ' this was an isolated incident and was certainly not representative of our passengers who are often families and couples just on their way to enjoy their holiday . ' earlier this month , ryanair announced they were banning alcohol on a notorious flight from scotland to party island ibiza . the airline told passengers travelling from glasgow prestwick to the spanish isle that they will no longer be able to take alcohol on board .