bayern munich coach pep guardiola weathered his first major crisis at the german club after his team crushed porto 7-4 on aggregate on tuesday to move into the champions league last four . the spaniard in his second season in charge was with his back to the wall after their surprise 3-1 first leg defeat in portugal last week . never had one of his teams lost before the semi-finals in the competition but that prospect suddenly seemed real . bayern munich celebrate in front of their delighted fans after overturning a first leg deficit to reach semi-finals . thiago alcantara jumps highest to head the home side in front on 14 minutes and set the bayern on their way . damned to succeed , guardiola repeatedly said he was aware of what he needed to deliver at the five-time european champions for who a league and german cup double was just not enough . he arrived at bayern after their 2013 treble-winning season and expectations have not been lowered since . a semi-final exit last season only heightened pressure on guardiola to deliver another treble this time round . but plagued by injuries in recent months and a rare internal strife after long-time team doctor hans-wilhelm mueller-wohlfahrt quit after 38 years , saying his medical team was blamed for the loss to porto , bayern had a far-from-perfect preparation . the doctor is hugely respected by bayern players with many saying they would continue taking his advice and guardiola suddenly in the firing line for allegedly falling out with a bayern icon . pep guardiola said after the game that winning is a matter of life and death at bayern . robert lewandowski made it three on 27 minutes as the poland striker powerfully nodded the ball into the net . failure to advance against porto would have added to an already difficult week and would no doubt fan speculation about the coach 's future in munich despite having a contract to 2016 . with premier league clubs circling , a slip-up on tuesday could prove decisive for both the club and the coach . but the spaniard , who won 14 titles in his four seasons at barcelona , thrived under adverse conditions with his team playing arguably their best game this season , even without injured arjen robben , franck ribery , bastian schweinsteiger and david alaba . bayern frontman is congratulated by mario gotze ( left ) , defender rafinha ( centre ) and thomas muller . ' i felt it in the last few days that we would advance , ' guardiola said after bayern fired five goals in 26 first-half minutes . ' this is about life or death and i know how very important it was , ' he said . ' i know what is expected of me in this team . it is about winning just like at barcelona . ' fans are now dreaming of a trophy on german soil in june 's final in berlin and with players gradually returning from injury , guardiola is confident bayern will further improve . ' we can play even better , ' he said in what is no doubt a warning to other title contenders . ' after the loss in porto the players were my heroes . now it 's easy to love them . '