dogs can sniff out prostate cancer with 98 per cent reliability , a new study has shown . the research , carried out in milan , backs up tests carried out by the charity medical detection dogs . its co-founder dr claire guest said the charity 's research found a 93 per cent reliability rate when detecting both prostate and bladder cancer . she hailed the new study , describing the findings as ' spectacular ' . dogs have been found to detect prostate cancer with 98 per cent accuracy when sniffing men 's urine samples . the latest research , by the department of urology at the humanitas clinical and research centre in milan , involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without . scientists found that dog one got it right in 98.7 per cent of cases , while for dog two this was 97.6 per cent . they said the dogs are able to detect prostate cancer specific volatile organic compounds in the urine but said an important question remains of how a dog would find it in daily practice . prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the uk , with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year . dr guest said : ' these results are spectacular . they offer us further proof that dogs have the ability to detect human cancer . ' it is particularly exciting that we have such a high success rate in the detection of prostate cancer , for which the existing tests are woefully inadequate . ' she said there is currently a ' reluctance to embrace this tested , time-old technology ' but dogs can pick up a scent in a dilution of one to a thousand parts . there is no single test for prostate cancer , but the most commonly used are blood tests , a physical examination or a biopsy . the latest research , by the department of urology at the humanitas clinical and research centre in milan , involved two dogs sniffing the urine of 900 men - 360 with prostate cancer and 540 without . prostate cancer , pictured , is the most common cancer in men in the uk , with more than 40,000 new cases diagnosed every year . ' over the years , millions of pounds of nhs funding has been poured into the traditional test methods , and yet there has been little improvement in their reliability , ' dr guest added . ' this has caused a huge waste of resources , not to mention the distress to the impacted individuals . ' moreover , the detection dogs provide alternative solution that yields consistently accurate results . if our detection dogs were a machine , there would be huge demand for them . ' medical detection dogs , which is based in milton keynes , trains specialist canines to detect the odour of human disease . they also train medical alert assistance dogs to help people with life-threatening health conditions go about their daily lives . the research is published in the journal of urology . 