britain 's biggest purpose-built air raid shelter , which could hold 6,500 people , was so sophisticated it even had electric lighting and flush toilets . the tunnels were dug into sandstone cliffs along the river mersey in stockport in the 1930s , and were originally intended to provide car parking spaces . but following the outbreak of the second world war , the space was redeveloped as an air raid shelter where residents of lancashire and cheshire could hide from nazi bombs . scroll down for video . shelter : this shows one of the rooms of britain 's largest purpose-built air raid shelter , located in stockport , greater manchester . safe : a bunker lined with corrugated steel to protect against the possible effects of a nazi bombing raid during the second world war . tunnels : a total of 6,500 people could fit into the shelter , which was made up of a network of interconnecting passages . entrance : the shelter has been converted into a museum , replicating the conditions which would have been found 75 years ago . the shelter became so popular that local officials had to issue season tickets limiting the number of people who would be allowed to seek refuge there . the cliffs were first dug out to provide cellars for homes along chestergate , one of the busiest streets in stockport . as part of a plan to widen the roads , the local council bought and demolished the houses , and planned to convert the cellars into an underground car park . an engineering survey showed that the space was in fact unable to become a car park - but the advent of war meant that it was needed as an air raid shelter . bathroom : the women 's toilets , equipped with a proper flush , located deep inside the stockport air raid shelter . gadgets : a radio , blood pressure monitor and lamp from the 1940s , pictured inside the air raid shelter 's first aid section . medicine : the shelter had a first aid room to help any residents who were injured by the bombing raids . equipment : gas masks which were kept in the shelter are pictured left ; right is the sick bay , where people could seek shelter while unwell . extent : the shelter was going to be turned into a car park , but officials discovered that its long tunnels were unsuitable for the purpose . curator howard green said : ' the official capacity was 3,850 , so outside they painted 4,000 - but what they did n't advertise was that they thought they could squeeze twice as many in if needs be . ' they were used extensively by people from manchester and salford , and even as far as eccles . stockport was less of a target , and the underground shelters were a particularly safe place . ' what they did was introduce season tickets - they were issued to locals , although you could write in if you had difficult circumstances . we still have some letters from people in manchester who 'd been bombed out several times . ' it was really only a way of damping down demand , nobody was denied entrance in an alert . in the winter of 1940 and '41 , it went up to 6,500 , with another four sets of tunnel shelters . history : a photograph of the shelter as it appeared in the 1930s , around the time of the second world war 's outbreak . rambling : the tunnels were large enough to fit in 6,500 people , who came from all around lancashire , cheshire and manchester . emergency : local councils had to establish air raid shelters to protect their populations from german bomb attacks . base : the room belonging to the shelter 's warden , who would have been responsible for ensuring the safety of those inside . danger : a fire bucket and hose which could have been used to control any unexpected blazes in the tunnels . ' people are always surprised by the extent of them , and just how much thought and planning went into them . there were first aid posts , electric lighting and flush toilets , which people living in back-to-back cottages of town centres would n't have had at home . ' the shelter space is now operated as a museum , and has been restored to how it might have looked to residents hiding there during the war . stockport was heavily bombed between 1940 and 1941 , but escaped serious damage - unlike nearby manchester , which as an industrial hub came under sustained attack from the german air force .