these are the sneering faces of some of the 39 criminals currently on the run from a notorious open prison . among their number are two murderers , as well as drug dealers and fraudsters . some have been awol from ford open prison for as long as 10 years , according to information only now released by the ministry of justice . one of the escapees from the 500-inmate jail , is violent killer robert donovan , 57 . his disappearance only emerged last year , four years after he had walked out of the prison in arundel , sussex . awol : murderer robert donovan , 57 , left , is considered so dangerous that the public have been advised not to approach him . he disappeared from ford in 2010 , but it took the police four years to alert the public . fellow murderer derek passmore , right , escaped in 2013 after being jailed for beating a disabled man to death in 1996 . notorious : ford open prison in arundel , sussex , was revealed to have the worst record for prison escapes . murderer derek passmore , who beat to death a disabled man in 1996 , is still at large after failing to return from day release in june 2013 , despite a public appeal a month after his escape . carer tom zolynski stole £10,000 from a pensioner he was supposed to be helping and was jailed for two years in may 2010 , but left the prison without permission later that year and has yet to be caught . goran durdevic was jailed for 15 months in 2005 , at age 28 , for using a so-called ' lebanese loop ' to steal a man 's credit card at a cash machine . he left the prison without permission in february 2006 . in june last year ford , near arundel , was revealed to have the worst record for inmates vanishing , with a total of 89 prisoners on the run , dating back to one who had gone missing in the early 1960s . the ministry of justice has now responded to a freedom of information request and finally revealed the names of 29 missing since 2004 and outline details of a further ten . they include those who failed to return from temporary release and those who simply walked out without permission , known as ' absconds ' . among those who failed to return after a temporary release in june 2010 is 57-year-old robert donovan , who was convicted of stabbing a west end theatre manager to death . police considered him so dangerous that he should not be approached by the public , but not a single appeal was made for help catching him until june last year . donovan , who was jailed indefinitely at the old bailey in december 1974 , had been in open conditions for less than a year when he absconded . leacroft wallace , left , vanished in 2011 , he was jailed for possessing drugs with intent and malek riahi , right , was sent to prison for deception offences . he has not been seen since 2006 . abid butt , left , was inside for possession drugs with intent and went on the run in 2006 and ion popescu , right , was convicted of going equipped for theft . he escaped in 2009 . john wilson , left , was jailed for alcohol related offences and has been missing since 2010 . jose praga-perdomo , right , was jailed for the importing drugs . arben nuredini , left , who disappeared in january was jailed for wounding with intent and mokrane mahdid , right , who vanished in 2006 , was jailed for false instruments . james demorges , left , who was inside for fraud , disappeared six years ago and alvin harris , right , jailed for importing drugs , has been missing for 10 years . he was 17 when he and his brother patrick , 19 , and david baillie , 17 , robbed and killed palladium stage manager edwin thornley , who was stabbed in the neck with a flick-knife on hungerford bridge over the thames . all three youths admitted robbing him . robert donovan was convicted of murder and the other two were convicted of manslaughter and jailed for up to six years . as well as the 25 pictured , the ministry of justice named five more men it says are on the run but which sussex police , who release the pictures , said were not on its list of missing inmates . those include fraudster oluwasegun adekule , who was jailed in 2007 for his key role in a gang of fraudsters who reportedly stole £2.4 million from clients of halifax , hsbc and barclays , including trying to defraud bbc journalist rageh omar . he was 26 at the time he absconded in september 2008 . manuel guio-ruiz , left , disappeared in 2004 while serving a sentence for drug possession with intent and tom zolynski , right , vanished in 2010 after being jailed for theft . he was a carer who stole £10,000 from a pensioner he was looking after . samuel rutherford , left , has not been seen for nine years after disappearing while serving his sentence for importing drugs and marco napolitano , right , disappeared in 2006 . he was jailed for theft . thief goran durdevic , left , went awol from ford in 2006 and drug smuggler oyewale owolodun , right , vanished the year earlier . gary robinson , left , is a drug smuggler , who disappeared eight years ago and michael bronson is a drug dealer , who vanished in 2009 . it was 2005 when oweh ogbonna , left , jailed for drug smuggling disappeared and fraudster ismail hasko , right , went on the run in 2010 . burglar steven fortnam , left , disappeared in 2011 and drug dealer sylvian monjal , right , went missing six years earlier . richard john agar was convicted of unlawfully importing or exporting drugs in 2007 , and failed to return from temporary release in 2009 , aged 45 . it was not his first offence : he lost an appeal in 2000 against a previous conviction for amphetamine supply in edinburgh . drug dealer john umego-castano had his sentence for supplying class a drugs cut from 15 years to 13 years in 2006 after the court of appeal agreed the amount of drugs involved was not enough to warrant such a harsh sentence . yet in 2009 , aged 41 , he failed to return from temporary release , and is still at large . the other two are sedan asan , who was convicted of deception and absconded from the prison in 2006 , at age 28 , and johnny watson , who was convicted of supplying drugs and , age 39 , also walked out without permission in 2006 . victor lloyd mcfarlane , escaped from ford 10 years ago , when he was serving a sentence for supplying drug . a ministry of justice spokesman said : ' prisoners who abscond , fail to return or commit crime while on release will be sent back to closed prisons . ' he added : ' temporary release can be an important part of rehabilitating offenders but not at the cost of public protection . ' open prisons like ford are used for prisoners who are trusted to serve their sentences with minimal supervision and perimeter security and are not locked up in prison cells . prisoners may be allowed to take up employment while serving their sentence and leave the site at designated times to go to their job . the men at ford get television at 50p per week , hobbies kits and playstation . but although they are deemed trustworthy enough not to be locked up in a cell , in june 2014 , ford was revealed to have the worst record for fugitive inmates , with 89 on the run . sussex police pledged it was ' determined to find all those still at large ' . but at the time it only released the names of those it deemed the greatest risk to the public , saying it could not justify releasing the ' personal information ' on the others . following a freedom of information request made in september last year , the moj took around six months to respond and did not reveal the names of ten of the 39 prisoners due to ' concerns regarding police investigation and/or risk of harm to the victim ' . glyn travis , spokesman for the poa trade union for prison workers , today insisted it should not have to take a freedom of information battle to get the names of prisoners on the run . he said : ' the court sentences people to prison because they have lost trust in them . ' so for me , if they walk out of prison , they have broken that trust even further and the public should be made aware that . ' they should say , 'so-and-so has walked out of prison and while we do n't consider him a risk to the public , he should be brought back ' . ' the ministry of justice says eligibility for open prisons has now been revised as part of ' significant work ' to tighten the system . but mr travis said ' major problems ' contributing to prisoners running away still needed to be addressed . he added : ' there is constant overcrowding and inappropriate prisoners are being sent to open prison when they obviously pose a serious risk to the public . '