a babysitter broke down during her murder trial this week as she demonstrated the moment she claims a 14-month-old toddler died after his neck snapped . michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey claims she was trying to burp mason hess when he began choking on his applesauce , but when she pulled him off her shoulder his neck snapped backwards , killing the boy . the mother of twins , who were in the next room when the incident happened and then just three years old , was charged with murder and endangering the welfare of a child after a medical examiner determined the boy died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma . the prosecution has argued that heale shook the child to death . scroll down for video . michelle heale ( above ) breaks down during her trial for murder in the death of 14-month-old mason hess on tuesday as she reenacts the moments before his neck allegedly snapped . she claims she was burping mason hess ( above ) when he began choking on his applesauce and that his neck snapped when she took him of her shoulder . heale was babysitting mason as she was a friend of the family ( mason 's mother kellie above ) and her husband michael and mason 's father adam worked together as detectives . nj.com reports that on tuesday heale , 46 , reenacted the moment the baby boy died with a doll . she claims the young boy started coughing soon after she fed him some applesauce on august 28 , 2012 , and when his passageway did not seem to be getting clear , she immediately grabbed him to see if she could make him burp . ' i hit him hard on the back . i may have hit him harder than i should have , ' heale said through tears after demonstrating on the doll . ' i hit him about four or five times , and then i felt the applesauce come out . i felt it on my shoulder and i felt it on my shirt . ' thinking the crisis had been averted , she took mason of her shoulder . ' as i brought him down , his head snapped back ... he was completely limp , ' she said . ' his eyes were open , but he was n't doing anything . ... everything was flopping . ' mason would die on september 1 after being airlifted to children 's hospital of philadelphia . courtesy of asbury park press/app.com . heale ( seen above crying on the stand wednesday ) is out on bail during the trial and still has custody of her twins , who were 3-years-old when the incident occurred . medical examiners determined that mason ( above with his parents kellie and adam ) died as a result of homicide caused by blunt cerebral trauma . heale took the stand again on wednesday , as she detailed her relationship with the hess family , with her husband michael and mason 's father adam both employed as detectives at the ocean county prosecutor 's office . for this reason the trial was moved to another county . the heale and hess families , including mason 's mother kellie , had been friends for years . heale spent most of her day expressing her disbelief over the situation , first being told she had to leave mason at the hospital as she was suspected of hurting him and then being charged with murder . ' i thought they were going to take my kids from me because i was told that i had hurt mason , ' heale said . ' i thought that once they were made aware that i had my own kids that they were going to take them from me . ' heale , who is currently out on bail during the trial , was able to keep custody of her children . she told the jury at the end of the day ; ' i would never hurt mason or anybody . ' heale 's murder charge carries a maximum sentence of lifetime in prison , and a minimum of 30 years in jail with a 30-year period of parole ineligibility .