edinburgh’s european challenge cup hopes have been dealt a huge blow after scotland international centre matt scott was ruled out until at least the end of the season . the 25-times-capped centre is now also a doubt for september’s world cup after undergoing an operation on his left shoulder for the second time in a year . he had played a major role in edinburgh’s run to the european challenge cup semi-final where they play newport gwent dragons at bt murrayfield on friday . scott hasn’t played since picking up his latest injury on scotland duty against ireland in the final game of the six nations last month . with glasgow’s alex dunbar also a major fitness doubt for the world cup , scott’s injury could leave scotland coach vern cotter with a big gap to fill at centre . mark bennett of glasgow will be first choice for outside-centre but it could be a fight between peter horne of warriors and duncan taylor of saracens , who missed the six nations through injury , for the inside-centre jersey . scotland player matt scott in action during the rbs six nations match between against ireland at murrayfield . the edinburgh medical staff had hoped that scott’s shoulder would heal naturally but have decided further surgery is required as there has been no improvement over the last three weeks . a club spokeswoman said : ‘ it had been hoped that matt would be able to manage his injury but , following consultation with specialists at spire murrayfield hospital , the decision to perform an investigative arthroscopy was taken . ‘ this resulted in him requiring a further surgical procedure to help deal with his shoulder complaints . ‘ matt will continue his rehabilitation programme with the edinburgh rugby medical team and won’t play again this season . ’ scott was putting a brave face on having his season cut short by this latest injury blow . in a tweet , the scotland and edinburgh centre said : ‘ gutted that my season is over already after getting surgery . ‘ brings an end to a frustrating year for me but positive about next few months . ’ edinburgh are short of cover in the centre positions and will now rely on new zealander phil burleigh and south african andries strauss — who both started in the quarter-final away win over london irish in the absence of scott — from now until the end of the season . scott went under the knife last week but he has now been told he will have to be operated on again . kiwi sam beard is the only other experienced centre at the club . to add to their woes , edinburgh also have a major doubt over david denton , who was forced off with a head knock in the 34-3 pro12 loss to munster on saturday . denton is following return-to-play protocols and a late decision on the back-row forward’s fitness will be taken . without scott and possibly denton , edinburgh will be less confident of overcoming the dragons on friday and reaching the challenge cup final , where they would play gloucester or exeter . like edinburgh , the dragons may be in the lower half of the table , but they are in a rich vein of form and have won three matches in a row . their latest and biggest scalp was taken last weekend when they overcame leinster 25-22 in the pro12 . hooker ross ford is desperate to defeat the welsh and keep alive his dream of being part of the first scottish professional club side to lift silverware . the scotland international has managed just 14 games for club and country in the past year . ford is one of seven survivors from the edinburgh team that lost 22-19 in the heineken cup semi-final against ulster three years ago . but the hooker insists reaching the european challenge cup final at twickenham stoop on may 1 would overtake even that 2012 highlight . ‘ i have been at edinburgh through many ups and downs , so to win the challenge cup would be my biggest achievement , ’ said 85-times-capped ford . ‘ it would also be a massive boost and something the club could take confidence from and build on in future seasons . it wouldn’t just be good for us , but also for scottish rugby . ‘ we didn’t have a good six nations in terms of results and it would be a great boost to the game in scotland if we manage to get to the final and win it . ’ ford insists edinburgh have already forgotten that embarrassing home defeat to munster and believes confidence remains high ahead of friday’s match . ‘ this is a european challenge cup semi-final and we will all be up for it , ’ said the 30-year-old former scotland captain . ‘ we weren’t at our best against munster but we will be fixing what went wrong in training this week . ‘ what we have in our favour is home advantage and we can expect a big crowd who will give is us a lot of backing . ‘ i have detected an excitement among our fans about the european game and our whole challenge cup campaign . ’