since hitting the big time singer-songwriter sam smith has undergone something of a transformation . over the past year the london-born artist , 22 , has dropped three stone by following a dairy-free , low-carb and low sugar diet , and is now barely recognisable . the chubby , suit-wearing soul singer has gone and been replaced with a new body confident sam , complete with designer stubble and a trendy new wardrobe . scroll down for video . sam smith is looking better than ever after losing three stone over the last year , he regularly posts pictures of himself to his instagram account . and his new fashionista status has been crowned with sam being named vogue 's april ' today i 'm wearing ' star . it 's a coveted month-long role which sees the popstar share his outfits with the fashion magazine 's readers each day . so far he 's modelled looks including topman skinny jeans , a custom burberry shirt and a well-cut emporio armani cashmere jacket . the pictures reveal a newfound confidence in his slimline look , the result of a dietary regime by nutritionist amelia freer that has ' transformed ' his relationship with food . posting a picture of himself holding freer 's book eat nourish glow on instagram , the grammy award-winning singer said : ' three weeks ago i met a woman who has completely changed my life . ' his diet has been so successful that he revealed that he even lost over a stone in just two weeks . performing at the brit awards last year sam had a fuller figure and face . he continued : ' amelia freer has helped me lose over a stone in two weeks and has completely transformed my relationship with food . ' it 's not even about weight loss it 's about feeling happy in yourself . love you amelia & thank you for making me feel so happy inside and out @ ameliafreer # eatnourishglow ' . in a previous interview with the guardian in which sam was described has having an appearance like an , ' hgv driver , ' he said he would always struggle with his weight - despite his recent triumphs over the scales . freer is an advocate of cutting out gluten and sugar ( apart from fruit ) , processed food is a big no-no and every meal should include protein , fat and vegetables . she is against cereal and even recommends tucking into broccoli for breakfast . almond milk , avocados and coconut oil are staples of her kitchen cupboards . sam smith is the star of vogue.co.uk 's today i 'm wearing , posting pictures of his outfits each day . he kicked the month off with a fred perry t-shirt , an emporio armani jacket and topman jeans . the quiff-loving singer models a vintage denim shirt , over jeans , brogues and a parka by burberry , in his april 7 outfit photo for vogue.co.uk 's today i 'm wearing ... slot . sam shared his weight loss journey on instragram revealing that his newly svelte figure was down to nutritionist amelia freer . as well as changing his diet , sam is also reported to have taken up yoga and weight training to tone his frame . the singer , who claims he was very ' big ' as a teenager , has said : ' i think i prefer food to singing . ' he also admitted that he was self conscious about his body type , adding : ' i 'm always going to have issues with my weight . ' he also revealed in the interview that he felt that he had failed to become successful as a teenager because of his size . but the popstar seems to be making light work of his new regime and has been posting photos of his nutritious meals to instagram . sam posted this picture of himself to instagram from when he was at school , making light of his bigger size . sam has been seen out and about in recent months showing off his weight loss in some stylish outfits . sam posted this picture of a delicious and healthy looking meal to instagram after taking a nutritionists advice on his diet . of course it is not unusual for a popstar to undergo a transformation after hitting the big time . take , for example , dj calvin harris who is practically unrecognisable from the straggly haired performer he once was . over recent years the 31-year-old scot , who is currently thought to be dating taylor swift , has got a smooth new haircut and a muscular physique . sam 's new look is certainly earning plaudits from fans . when he revealed his weight loss , one commented the picture : ' hi sam , you look really good ! keep up the good work . ' and another said : ' you always look good and you are an awesome singer ! ' in his bigger days sam would cover up in large over-sized jackets , however , he is now happier to wear more form-fitting clothes .  