thibaut courtois has achieved a lot in a relatively short time , but the chelsea goalkeeper is not resting on his laurels with the premier league title in his sights . the 22-year-old has established himself as one of the world 's best goalkeepers in recent years , impressing first for genk , then atletico madrid and jose mourinho 's side . courtois ' fine performances have helped bring with it collective success , with the blues ' recent capital one cup triumph making this a fifth straight trophy-winning season for the goalkeeper . chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois celebrates after cesc fabregas handed them the lead at qpr . the belgian keeper produced an excellent performance as chelsea moved closer to the title at loftus road . courtois helped chelsea to the league cup earlier in the season and now wants to win the premier league . chelsea sit seven points clear of arsenal at the top of the premier league table . 2014-2015 ( chelsea ) . league cup . 2013-2014 ( atletico madrid ) . la liga . 2012-2013 ( atletico madrid ) . copa del rey , uefa super cup . 2011-2012 ( atletico madrid ) . uefa europa league . 2010-2011 ( genk ) . belgian pro league . the wembley victory was good , he says , but having been substitute it would understandably be surpassed should chelsea get over the line in the premier league . ' last season , i was part of a team who lost the champions league in the last minute , so that 's something i still want to win , and to be able to play for a premier league title every season is also a big motivation , ' courtois told the club magazine . ' to win a european championship or a world cup with belgium is another goal . ' but , it is true , when i was a young kid i dreamed of playing in finals and it 's nice to have won the europa league and super cup , and won a final against real madrid , but hopefully i can achieve much more now . ' every year i 've won one trophy , so it 's nice we won the one at wembley . ' but , of course , the premier league would be much bigger so hopefully we can add that this season . ' courtois won la liga , the copa del rey and the europa league during his three seasons at atletico madrid . his first season with chelsea in the premier league has been a success on the whole . there have been some embarrassing moments , such as being lobbed by charlie adam this month . courtois joined chelsea in 2011 but this is his first campaign with the club , having spent the past three seasons on loan at atletico . the belgium international has displaced club great petr cech as number one and , despite a few recent slip-ups , proved his worth with a wonderful display in sunday 's 1-0 win at qpr . ' as a goalkeeper , you might only have to make one or two saves a game - but sometimes really important ones - so , of course , it 's nice that people see it and recognise it , ' courtois said . ' the concentration as a goalkeeper needs to be very high . we work on the focus in training and it 's good because , in big teams , one save maybe in minute 88 can be decisive , so it 's very important . ' 