reality star joey essex has claimed to be all at sea when it comes to knowing about politics . so he joined nigel farage on a boat trip in grimsby this morning to try and understand his general election plans . before boarding the boat , essex told reporters that the only thing he knew about the party leader was he is a ' really , really reem guy ' . mr farage quipped : ' i think that 's good ... i 'm not sure . ' as the stunt took a bizarre twist , the ukip leader hailed the tv star as an ' icon of youth ' . scroll down for video . towie star joey essex today met ukip leader nigel farage in grimsby as part of his project to find out about the election . essex told reporters the ukip leader is a ' really , really reem guy ' before boarding a boat and heading out to sea . essex is speaking to the leaders of the four major political parties for the first episode of his itv2 mini-series educating joey essex , to be aired later this month . the tv star told mr farage : '‎basically i do n't really understand much about political life and i 'm trying to show the youth it 's good to vote . ' mr farage said‎ : ' what i 'm going to try do is give you my opinions , which you 'll either love or hate . ' he later told bbc news : ' over half the young people in britain do n't vote at all . ' if some of the icons of youth like joey here can actually look at this , spend a bit of time , understand this , and inform an opinion , perhaps you 'll get more young people voting . ' the ukip leader chose the nautical setting for his one-on-one with the 24-year-old star of the only way is essex as they both have fishing connections . mr farage is a keen angler and has a monthly column in a sea fishing magazine . essex , who famously admitted on tv that he can not tell the time , used to work at billingsgate fish market . essex asked : ‎ ' why are we in grimsby ? ‎ ' . the ukip leader said : ‎'it 's symbolic of what 's gone wrong , if we came here forty years ago there were thousands of men working here and a massive trawler fleet , it was the biggest fishing port in the country . ' we joined the european union and now have to share all our fish with all the other countries.‎ and what we 're saying is let 's take our country and our territorial waters back , let 's get our fishing industry back . ' in response , essex said : ' sick . ' when mr farage added that he wanted a bigger british fishing industry , essex added : ' wicked . ' mr farage said he was visiting grimsby because he wanted to ' get our fishing industry back ' . asked if he was going to explain what a vajazzle is to mr farage said : ' it 's not my thing . you 'd better ask a girl out of towie for that ' . asked if he was going to explain what a vajazzle is to mr farage said : ' it 's not my thing . you 'd better ask a girl out of towie for that . ' essex talked to mr farage about working at billingsgate fish marker . asked what i thought of mr farage , essex said : ' he 's a really , really reem guy . ' mr farage said : ' i think that 's good , i 'm not sure . reem ? interesting . what does that mean ? ' essex explained : ' it means cool , wicked , sick . ' mr farage recently revealed he has a secret nocturnal passion for fishing alone on the kent coast . he said : ' one thing i can fit in to my working life is shore fishing because i can do it at night . ' i might have had a busy day in london , but i might nip down to the coast and have three or four hours through to the early hours of the morning fishing . ' mr farage added that it 's his way of staying sane amid the relentless pressures of modern politics and that sleep is a waste of time . mr farage is a keen angler and has a monthly column in a sea fishing magazine . he recently revealed he has a secret nocturnal passion for fishing alone on the kent coast . essex , who famously admitted on tv that he can not tell the time , used to work at billingsgate fish market . essex found fame on the itv show the only way is essex , which was responsible for popularising the ' vajazzle ' . the beauty treatment involves women having plastic gem stones being stuck onto the skin near very personal parts of the body . the programme 's stars are also well-known for their love of fake tans . mr farage said he was looking forward to meeting essex , but asked if he had ever watched the only way is essex , he said : ' i have to confess no . ' he added that he watched no television programmes . the ukip leader said he did not know what a vajazzle is , adding : ' no i have n't a clue . ' when asked if he had ever had a fake tan , he said : ' do you know something , it 's one of the things i 've not got round to.‎ ' lib dem leader nick clegg posed for a selfie with essex after explaining to the reality star that his party is not called the ' liberal demo-cats ' at the weekend essex attended a labour party rally at parr hall in warrington , where he met party leader ed miliband . essex asked david cameron a question via heat magazine last week and also held a meeting with ed miliband . when he joined nick clegg on the campaign trail he mistakenly thought he was leader of the ' liberal demo-cats ' . mr clegg also had to explain that he was not called ' mr leg ' . when mr clegg explained that he had been deputy pm for five years , essex told him he was ' sick ' - slang for good . after being told the liberal democrats was ' a long word , innit ? ' , mr clegg - who has never watched towie - simply nodded politely . the interview ended with the pair having a selfie together . 