just a day after being released from jail , the man who was beaten by cops following a two-and-a-half hour chase on horseback has spoken out to detail his painful arrest . helicopter cameras caught a swarm of cops kicking and punching 30-year-old francis pusok more than 80 times on thursday , after he fled his southern california home when they tried to arrest him for identity theft charges . in an interview with nbc 4 on monday , pusok revealed that he had been handcuffed for '99 per cent ' of the beating and that near the end of the scarring experience a deputy whispered into his ear ' this is n't over ' . scroll down for video . scarring experience : francis pusok ( left ) spoke for the first time on monday , four days after he was beaten up by cops in footage taken from a helicopter . his girlfriend of 13 years , jolene bindner , pictured center . when san bernardino county sheriff 's deputies arrived at pusok 's house on thursday , he said he fled ' because any contact with police has been negative for me ' . as the chase was coming to a close about two and a half hours later , video shows pusok falling to the ground as he is hit with a taser and two deputies approach . the officers then start to assault pusok , and later claimed that his taser had been ineffective due to his loose clothing - even though pusok is clearly seen convulsing from the electric shock in the helicopter footage . on the run : pusok fled his house in san bernardino county on thursday after sheriff 's deputies showed up to arrest him on identity theft charges . he led police on a more than two-hour long chase , part of it on horseback . on the ground : at the end of the chase , police officers shot pusok with a taser and he fell to the ground . pusok claims they handcuffed him within 15 seconds and then continued to beat him despite the fact he was lying helpless on the ground . cruel : the helicopter continued to record the first two cops beating pusok up as more deputies swooped in . under investigation : in the aftermath of the disturbing video , 10 officers have been placed on paid administrative leave while the incident is investigated . pusok estimates that within 15 seconds of the first taser hit , the cops had him in handcuffs but says they continued to assault him and yelled ' stop resisting ' even though he was laying face down on the ground . he says the officers went on to tase him two more times after he was in handcuffs . pusok remembers the cops ' hitting me every place that they could hit me - anywhere and everywhere . ' ' i thought i was being beaten to death , ' said pusok.. ' i was wondering , `` when is it going to stop ? '' ' bruised : pusok sports a painful black eye in his booking photo . he was released from jail on sunday . after the incident , pusok was arrested on suspicion of evading , stolen property , reckless driving and theft of a horse . he was treated for his injuries while being held at west valley detention center where he was released sunday night at bail . a court hearing has been scheduled for june 16 , but san bernardino county prosecutors said monday that they had not yet made a decision on whether to file formal charges against pusok . meanwhile , 10 officers - including a sergeant and a detective - involved in the incident have been placed on paid leave as the fbi starts an investigation into whether excessive force was used in the arrest . san bernardino county sheriff john mcmahon said last week that he was ' disturbed and troubled ' by the video and that an internal investigation is underway into the deputies ' actions . a criminal inquiry into the actions of the suspect is also being carried out , he said . however , he said that the department will not release the names of deputies - which apparently include a sergeant and a detective - until they are sure that multiple threats made are not valid . in his interview on monday , pusok said he thinks his prior run-ins with police may have sparked their violent backlash . indeed , pusok 's lengthy criminal record includes charges of obstructing an officer and resisting an officer , as well as attempted robbery , animal cruelty and fighting or offensive words . deputies have been called to pusok 's home before , during which he threatened to kill a deputy and shot a puppy in front of his family , sheriff mcmhaon said . disturbing : san bernardino county sheriff john mcmahon says he was ' disturbed and troubled ' by the video and that he has launched an internal investigation . however , pusok 's pregnant girlfriend , jolene bindner , says some of the prior charges against her longtime partner have been trumped up . bindner told nbc that the charges he threatened to kill a police officer are ' absolutely not true . i was there the whole time . ' she also said that pusok , father of their three children , was arrested in 2002 for driving at unsafe speed on a sidewalk but that he was only riding a bicycle at the time . what concerns bindner the most though was the one deputy 's alleged whispered threat of ' this is n't over ' at the end of the beating . ' that concerns me because we have children together and i do n't want any kind of retaliation against me or my children , ' she said . doing better : after visiting her longtime partner in jail on sunday , pusok 's girlfriend jolene bindner said he was on the road to recovery . threats : the couple share three children together and have another on the way . bindner ( left ) says she is concerned about a deputy who whispered ' this is not over ' to her boyfriend at the end of the beating . pusok 's attorney jim terrell said his client 's criminal history has nothing to do with any possible excessive force case . ' if it was n't for that helicopter and the camera ... they would be charging him with 10 counts of battering a police officer , ' terrell said . ' that 's how it rolls here , that 's what goes on every single day . ' pusok 's beating came as recent violent episodes by officers dealing with suspects have hit the headlines , including the killing of walter scott in north charleston , south carolina , last weekend . scott , 50 , who was unarmed , was shot dead by 33-year-old officer michael slageras he ran away from him during a traffic stop . slageras has since been arrested and charged with murder . the american civil liberties union released a statement saying it is ' deeply troubled by the video images ' and applauding mcmahon 's call for an investigation .