diego costa looks set to be sidelined for at least two weeks after sustaining another hamstring injury during chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke city . the spain international is likely to miss chelsea 's upcoming barclays premier league matches against west london rivals queens park rangers and manchester united . jose mourinho threw costa on at half-time after going into the interval at 1-1 following charlie adam 's outstanding 66-yard equaliser to cancel out eden hazard 's opener . chelsea striker diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval . blues striker costa looks despondent as he sits on the turf following another injury to his hamstring . however costa , who replaced blues team-mate oscar , lasted just over 10 minutes as he pulled up with a hamstring injury . mourinho 's gamble did not prove to be too costly as loic remy netted his side 's winning goal just five minutes after costa limped off the stamford bridge pitch . the portuguese tactician , speaking to sky sports after his side 's win , said : ' in football we have to take risks and as a manager if we have a tough result then i have to make decisions such as bring costa on in the game . ' all the scans they did two days ago said the muscle was clean , the image was clean and he trained 100 per cent for two days . he did more in those training sessions then he did in the game , he took lots of shots . ' the player was convinced he was ready , not for 90 minutes , but he was ready to play and to help the team . costa looks in pain after pulling up at stamford bridge during chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke city . jose mourinho was happy to have gambled with costa 's fitness despite losing the striker after 10 minutes . ' sometimes as a manager i have to risk things . medical departments have to do the same , if they want to be top medical departments like our department is . ' the safe medical department can not work with me . people with fear , afraid to risk , can not work with me . ' my medical department is fantastic , they do fantastically well for us . ' today between them and the player and myself , things did n't happen the best way , but i 'm happy with that , because it 's football . '' ' if we were 2-0 or 3-0 up we planned not to use him until next week but we had to take that risk . he looks to be out for a couple of weeks minimum but i 'm glad we got the points . ' chelsea are currently seven points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand over second-placed arsenal . 