a bride-to-be was left fighting for her life when her lung collapsed after she had been taking the contraceptive pill . emma dickson , of edinburgh , thought she would be planning her wedding to her fiance dougie , 26 , but ended up talking to him about her funeral when she was rushed to hospital and told she had developed blood clots which had moved to her lungs . the 31-year-old had two blood clots in her lungs , which led to a condition which caused her left lung to collapse - just a month before she was due to get married . doctors told her she had developed the clot as a result of taking the contraceptive pill . mrs dickson developed blood clots , which can be caused by the synthetic hormones in the contraceptive pill , that then moved to her lungs and caused a pulmonary embolism . it left her with bruises on her arms ( right ) . emma dickson was meant to be planning her wedding but ended up thinking about her funeral after she was taken to hospital with a collapsed lung , which developed from complications caused by the contraceptive pill . mrs dickson , a care home nurse , felt certain she was going to die . there was also a risk the clot could have moved to her brain , causing a stroke . she eventually recovered in hospital but will now have to take blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life which have caused her hair to fall out and severe headaches . it is also uncertain whether she will be able to have children . ' i was just really horrified . it surprised me how quickly everything went downhill , ' she said . ' you just never think it 's going to happen to you . you take the pill to help you , to keep you responsible . ' you never imagine you 're going to end up with a collapsed lung and planning your funeral . ' on the leaflet that comes with the pills it says that one in 1,000 women experience problems with clotting . i never considered the risks . i think i was just unlucky . ' i 'd been taking a popular brand of the pill for over a decade with no side effects . it was difficult getting my head round the idea my pill might be to blame . ' mrs dickson was taken to causeway hospital , coleraine , northern ireland , after she experienced sharp pains on november 2 last year . after a ct scan , doctors told her she had two blood clots in her left lung - known as pulmonary embolisms - and that the clots had developed after she had been taking the contraceptive pill . the pill can increase the risk of blood clotting because it contains a synthetic version of oestrogen which can very slightly thicken the blood , leading to clots . mrs dickson 's blood clots had developed in her pelvis , moved around her body , and had then become wedged in the lungs . these clots then led to a pleural effusion , a condition which causes fluid to accumulate between the lungs and chest wall . the two pulmonary embolisms became lodged in ms dickson 's lungs , causing a condition known as pleural effusion which leads to fluid accumulating around the lung and can make them collapse . mrs dickson was in a wheelchair after she was discharged from hospital and now must take blood thinning drugs for the rest of her life to reduce the risk of further clots developing . as this fluid collected , mrs dickson 's left lung then collapsed . there was also a risk the clots could have travelled to her brain , causing a stroke . she was given a lot of strong painkillers , antibiotics , oxygen and blood-thinning medication to dissolve the clots . surgeons eventually managed to re-inflate mrs dickson 's collapsed lung and nurse her back to recovery . she said : ' the reason that i did not go into hospital at first was that i was embarrassed . i did n't think it was anything serious . ' if the clots had reached my brain , i could have had a stroke and could have died . mrs dickson is pictured with her husband dougie when she was discharged from hospital in ireland . a month after being discharged from hospital mrs dickson was finally able to plan her wedding . the couple are pictured on their wedding day in edinburgh after mrs dickson was released from hospital . ' all my plans of a beautiful wedding suddenly seemed so trivial , and i was actually thinking of what i wanted to happen at my funeral . i text dougie to say i loved him because i genuinely thought i was n't going to make it . it was a horrible conversation to have . ' we were not sure whether we would be able to celebrate our wedding or plan a funeral . we did not know what was going to happen . ' one month after she was admitted ms dickson managed to have her dream wedding . the pill can raise blood pressure . at first taking the combined oral contraceptive pill can cause headaches , nausea and mood swings . although the risk of stroke in young women is generally low , pregnancy and contraceptive pills are both significant stroke risk factors , according to the stroke association . the combined pill is made up of a particular type of oestrogen and progesterone , called progestogen . oestrogen can make the blood more likely to clot - causing deep vein thrombosis ( in the leg ) , as well as clots in the lungs or brain , causing a stroke . it has been linked to thrombosis and breast cancer . research has suggested there is a slightly higher chance of being diagnosed with breast cancer , but this risk level is returned to normal after 10 years . but her recovery has come with consequences , as she has to inject herself with a special blood-thinning medicine just to keep her alive . ms dickson had been taking the pill clairette for three years and is now no longer allowed to use it as she can not take anything with oestrogen in it , as it is ' too risky ' . one in 1,000 women who regularly take the pill are at risk of developing clots . ms dickson added : ' the blood-thinning medication i am now on causes severe headaches , nose bleeds , hair loss , nausea and extreme fatigue . ' if i want to have a family , i will have to switch medication and inject myself on a daily basis , because my current medication can cause birth defects . ' she has taken no action with the regards to the pills , as the clairette brand has stated potential risks in the leaflet . she added : ' the risks are in the leaflet . it 's just a remote possibility . there is nothing wrong with the pill . i just did not think it would affect me . ' 