it is an all-consuming fear experienced by almost every bride-to-be - will i fit into my wedding dress ? but for shanna mccormick , that particular concern paled into insignificance . weighing 28st , the 31-year-old , feared she would not live to see her wedding day . for most of her adult life , miss mccormick 's obesity meant had been in and out of hospital , suffering with life-threatening asthma attacks . doctors warned the strain of being overweight would kill her if she did n't slim down - and fast . shanna mccormick , 31 , whose weight had ballooned to nearly 28st ( left ) managed to lose 16.5st in two years so she can walk down the aisle with pride . before her weight loss , miss mccormick 's partner dan dimmock had been terrified his partner would die in her sleep . now , the pair are engaged to be married and have bought a house together . determined not to be a fat wife to her boyfriend of 14 years , dan dimmock , miss mccormick called off their engagement to embark on a strict two-year weight-loss plan . it was only after she managed to lose 16.5st and dropped 18 dress sizes that she decided she was ready to walk down the aisle . miss mccormick , 31 , from manchester , said : ' i had been told for years that my life was at risk because of my weight , and so it went in one ear out the other . ' i was immune to hearing it because i 'd heard it for so long , but it was different for dan . before : breakfast : nothing . morning snack : two bags of sweets and fizzy drink . lunch : fish and chips . afternoon snack : cans of fizzy drink with more sweets , chocolate and crisps . dinner : chinese takeaway plus several glasses of wine or cider , and more sweets .  after : breakfast : flour-free pancakes with raspberries or a cambridge shake . morning snack : fruit and bottle of water . lunch : tuna or chicken salad with water . dinner : omelette with green salad and water . afternoon snack : bag of hazelnuts with water . ' he was worried sick . sometimes he could n't sleep at night because he thought something would happen to me . ' he used to check to see that i was still breathing in the middle of the night . ' the truth is that , at my biggest , i did n't think i had a future . ' doctors warned me i would die if i did n't lose weight , so what was the point in planning a wedding ? ' i might not even be there to see it . ' at 5ft 6ins , miss mccormick 's life was in constant danger and she admits she ca n't remember a time when she was not overweight . at primary school she was the biggest girl in her class and she was already obese by the time she moved to secondary school . conditions linked to her weight , including asthma , made her a target for bullies , and she turned to food for comfort . by the time she met dan aged 18 , miss mccormick was living on crisps , bread and pizza . she was a size 20 and weighed 22st . though he was slim , her weight crept up to its 27.5st peak as their relationship progressed . in 2007 she spent nine days in intensive care when she suffered a severe asthma attack , which doctors blamed on her weight . miss mccormick said doctors warnings her weight would kill her went ' in one ear out the other ' . but they terrified her partner , who could n't sleep at night worrying something might happen to her . miss mccormick said : ' i was offered weight-loss surgery but was too scared of dying on the operating table , because my weight made the anaesthetic a risk . ' i knew something had to give but i did n't know how to make the change . ' in 2010 the couple became engaged for the first time , but it soon became clear there was no way they could plan their big day with miss mccormick 's health problems . her frequent visits to hospital meant that it would have been very difficult to set a date and stick to it . ' i wanted nothing more than to marry dan but i could n't stand the thought of him becoming my carer as well as my husband , ' she said . ' my size was ruining everything . now it had even ruined my engagement and stopped me marrying the man i loved . ' it was seeing mr dimmock 's fear and uncertainty about their future together that finally forced miss mccormick into action and she vowed to stop overeating . but because of her unhealthy relationship with food and several failed attempts with conventional diets , she opted for a meal replacement plan in order to avoid even the slightest temptation . miss mccormick said she can not remember a time she was n't overweight , and used to turn to food for comfort . she is pictured , left and right , before her weight loss . she signed up to the cambridge weight plan in august 2011 , which allowed her to have four products a day , including a range of milkshakes , nutrition bars and soups . to her surprise she found it easier to stick to than the calorie controlled plans which had failed in the past . she lost 9lbs in the first week . she recalled : ' it was not easy start with and i missed food terribly , but after a few days i got into the zone and never wavered . ' after losing 16.5st , miss mccormick could look at herself in the mirror with pride . in the first year she lost an impressive 8st and saw her health improve dramatically . ' the asthma attacks become less frequent and i was n't relying on medication all the time , ' she said . she lost another 8st the following year and reached her 11st and size 12 target in march 2013 . for the first time , she could look in the mirror with pride . miss mccormick , who has maintained her target weight since , said : ' i loved being able to shop anywhere i wanted but what i really loved was seeing the peace of mind it gave dan . ' it was worth all the hard slog . ' and looking in the mirror at the new slender me was a joy . ' i never thought that would happen . ' so much so that last june , when dan popped the question again , while the pair were sat on a los angeles beach , miss mccormick did not think twice about accepting and getting on with the planning . she said : ' he went down on one knee with a gorgeous vintage platinum ring . ' i loved it but i had to have it made smaller when we got back home because i had lost even more weight . ' but the biggest compliment came when a friend of the couple failed to recognise her . miss mccormick , who is now a fully trained weight-loss consultant helping other women reach their goals , said : ' i was sitting there chatting away to him when it dawned on me that he did n't know who i was . ' when i told him it was me he just did not believe me . ' it was a huge compliment . ' as well as planning their wedding in las vegas next year the couple have also bought their dream period home to renovate . ' it will take us years as it needs a lot of work , but it 's something i can commit to now i 've lost the weight , ' miss mccormick said . mr dimmock said he is delighted his partner was able to lose so much weight . he said : ' i used to think the radical before and-after weight-loss images in glossy magazines could never be true until i watched shanna do it for herself . ' i am very proud and love her to bits . '