red squirrels have returned to one of britain 's most stunning beauty spots after a 16-year absence . red squirrels have returned to one of britain 's most stunning beauty spots after a 16-year absence . native reds have been almost wiped out in the country , except for a few pockets in the north of england , the isle of wight and scotland after rival grey squirrels arrived from america in the 19th century . numbers of the reds , popularly illustrated in the beatrix potter squirrel nutkin books , have been rapidly dwindling thanks in large part to the squirrel pox virus carried by greys . but now , red squirrels have been spotted in windermere , in the picturesque lake district . experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area . since 1952 , 95 % of red squirrels have been wiped out in england and wales . but bob cartwright , of charity westmorland red squirrels , said they are returning to woods in the area - and some have even been spotted in the town centre . he said : ' so far this year there have been seven sightings , including just a few weeks ago a red seen bouncing around in ellerthwaite square right in the centre of windermere . ' it is pretty clear that they are here in good numbers . ' disease , habitat loss and competition for food from non-native grey squirrels have been blamed for the decline in reds . recent uk studies of 300 woodlands have also shown red squirrels are battling against the greys with numbers rising steadily . scroll down for video . experts say there have been a number of sightings of red squirrels in windermere , in the picturesque lake district ( pictured ) . scientists think endangered red squirrels have finally achieved immunity to the killer pox carried by their grey rivals after 140 years . meanwhile anglesey , north wales , is now a grey squirrel-free zone , wildlife experts claim after a controversial 20-year eradication programme on the island . grey squirrels have been blamed for carrying diseases which have endangered the population of red squirrels . more than 700 red squirrels are now thought to live on anglesey , with many crossing the menai strait to settle in bangor . in 2013 , academics found a red nicknamed ' clark kent ' , after superman 's alter ego , who was stricken with the deadly ' parapox virus ' and managed to fight it off and live . the research , carried out by the university of liverpool , was heralded as a major breakthrough as it proved that reds can build immunity . rachel miller , red squirrel field officer at the wildlife trust for lancashire and north merseyside , said : ' it could be a few years down the line until we know for sure if red squirrels have any long-term immunity or not , as there is much more research that needs to be done . experts say a lack of habitats caused them to disappear from the area . pictured : view of lake windermere . ' but this squirrel survived the pox , which is great news . ' we named him clark , after superman 's ' clark kent ' , because he 's a super squirrel . we do n't know why he survived , but something made him resistant to the pox . ' we radio-tracked him after his release so we could check on his progress back in the wild and he did well . ' the species was almost wiped out at the formby national trust reserve when there was a squirrel pox virus outbreak in 2008 and the population declined by over 80 per cent . numbers are now increasing with red squirrel sightings reported across the region . red squirrels have been almost wiped out , except for a few pockets in the north of england , the isle of wight and scotland . file photo . the red squirrel has been a native of britain for several thousand years , but the first grey squirrels were brought here from north america in 1876 . over the years , more were introduced , notably by the duke of bedford to the park at woburn abbey where they thrived . but contrary to popular belief that greys are ' driving out ' the reds , experts believe it is because the greys being more adaptable to our ecosystem . a major factor is the ability to survive tough winters due to the fact that greys generally carry more body fat - and a full-grown grey can weigh almost twice as much as a red . grey squirrels are also more adventurous and happier foraging on the ground , whereas red squirrels spend most of their lives high up in conifer trees and their diet is less varied . greys became known as ' vermin ' in the 1920s and 1930s when their large numbers started to cause significant damage to commercial forestry and beech trees . a law was passed in 1938 banning further importation of these creatures , and in following years various methods were tried without success to control grey squirrels . this coincided with low red squirrel numbers after the red population was decimated between 1900 and 1920 by the parapox virus , similar to myxomatosis in rabbits .