sir vivian richards believes james anderson will be remembered as an england great and a worthy heir to sir ian botham . anderson will earn his 100th test cap on monday when england take on the west indies at the antiguan ground that bears richards ' name . four wickets in the game would take him past botham 's national record of 383 test wickets , making anderson the most prolific english bowler in history . england 's james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua against the west indies from monday . anderson needs just three wickets to go level with sir ian botham as england 's top test wicket taker . sir vivian richards believes anderson is a worthy heir to sir ian botham ( pictured in august 2014 ) . as one of the greatest batsmen to have lived and a long-time friend of botham , richards is well placed to judge the scale of anderson 's achievements and his endorsement is ringing . ' he ranks with the great english fast bowlers , with the bob willises , the ian bothams and folks like that , ' said richards . ' they made a great mark and for him to be in that category , it 's a tribute to him . ' he 's done magnificently well . anderson has got tremendous ability and i guess where he 's at now - four wickets away from surpassing the great sir ian - is a tribute to the individual and to his professionalism as leader of the bowling attack . ' i captained a lot of great bowlers and i would have liked anderson too . ' anderson has attempted to divert the attention ahead of his big day , focusing on the team 's efforts to come back from a dreadful winter of white ball cricket . four wickets in the game would take anderson past botham 's national record of 383 test wickets . richards is well placed to judge the scale of anderson 's achievements and his endorsement is ringing . but with richards ' words echoed by curtly ambrose , one of the most fearsome fast bowlers to have graced the game , he would be forgiven for getting a touch carried away . ambrose , speaking at the launch of his new autobiography ' time to talk ' , said : ' i 've always liked james anderson , he is a quality fast bowler . ' to have taken so many wickets in test cricket is no mean feat because a fast bowler 's life is a short one . to be four wickets away from botham 's 383 is a phenomenal achievement . ' i want to wish james all the best for his 100th test but i hope he does n't do too well , because i think the west indies will win . '