when jade walters loaned out her beloved horse magic to help a young girl learn to ride , she did n't realise she would never see him again . miss walters , 21 , was horrified to discover that the family looking after magic had sold him at auction for just £200 . magic 's fate has sparked fury in the equestrian community , and an appeal for his whereabouts has been shared 58,000 times on social media sites . jade walters , 21 , was shocked to discover the family she loaned her beloved pet horse magic to had sold the animal ( pictured right and left being ridden by miss walters ) for £200 . selling a horse at auction is notoriously risky – bidders are not vetted and some horses are bought for slaughter . miss walters said : ' we would never in a million years have considered sending magic to auction – they 're horrible places . the thought makes me cry . ' it was two months before she discovered the horse had been sold – making it all the more difficult to trace magic , who could have been taken out of the country or sold to an abattoir . miss walters , who had owned the 17-year-old chestnut pony for seven years , said : ' i consider him like a child , he thinks of me as his mum and he 's been taken from me . my heart is broken . ' he could be anywhere by now , i do n't know how to find him and even if we do , what state will he be in ? ' the care assistant from high wycombe , buckinghamshire , advertised for a temporary owner last year after the cost of his upkeep went over £4,000 a year . a woman in the west country responded and took magic to help her daughter improve her riding . miss walters pictured with her new horse lad after her previous pet was sold at auction without her knowledge . miss walters said : ' he was getting very expensive . loaning a horse is common for people who ca n't afford the expense of the purchase but can afford the upkeep . so while they do n't have ownership , they have a duty of care . ' i was naive . the woman i loaned to seemed very respectable and said she wanted her 12-year-old daughter to get more experience riding . ' but after six months , magic 's temporary owner said keeping the pony was too expensive and he was proving too difficult for her daughter to ride . they agreed that she would help miss walters look for an experienced rider to buy him for £500 . but just 12 days later , on february 10 , magic was auctioned . however , miss walters did not find out until last week when she decided to bring magic home . ' he has always been treated like a prince , so being fought over at an auction by a crowd looking for a quick deal makes me sick . ' her mother julia , 53 , said the woman had no right to auction magic , adding : ' the arrangement was that if she had any interested parties , she would pass them to me . ' in no way was magic to be sold without our knowledge . ' last night , the seller insisted there was ' another side to the story ' , but declined to comment further .