mick schumacher made his official pre-season test debut in formula 4 on wednesday as he made his first steps towards single-seater racing in 2015 . the 16-year-old , son of seven-time f1 world champion michael , drew huge media interest to the oschersleben circuit in germany as he drove his van amersfoort car . the young protege began karting seven years ago , and this year reached the german formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers . mick schumacher made his official formula 4 pre-season test debut with van amersfoort on wednesday . the 16-year-old , son of seven-time f1 world champion michael , looks relaxed at the oschersleben circuit . schumacher will need time to make his way as a driver , according to team manager frits van amersfoort . while this was the first time the public were able to check out mick in action in his new car , his pre-season practice did n't quite go to plan as he was involved in a 100mph crash last month . however , german newspaper bild reported that the crash was minor and mick walked away from the accident uninjured . his father , who is still recovering from a december 2013 ski accident at his home in switzerland , has won a record seven 91 races in formula 1 , and mick 's boss frits van amersfoort says the youngster will need time . ' of course we know that his father is a seven time world champion , ' he said . ' but i want to emphasise that mick will take the time to learn the trade of the racing driver . ' mick signed a contract with van amersfoort racing to drive in the formula 4 in march , and links up with team-mate harrison newey , the son of the red bull designer adrian . he finished second in the world , european and german kart championships last season . mick 's father michael has won a record seven 91 races in formula 1 and is a legend of the sport . the youngster drives his car into the gravel during a media day in germany . mick will be looking to follow in the footsteps of father michael in the future . 