snp leader nicola sturgeon today left the door open to a second referendum on scottish independence before 2020 . before last year 's historic vote , scottish nationalists insisted it was a once-in-a-generation chance to decided on the future of the 300-year-old union . but ms sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years , prompting opponents to claim she had ' broken a promise the size of ben nevis ' . snp leader nicola sturgeon today refused to rule out demanding a re-run within the next five years , prompting opponents to claim she had ' broken a promise the size of ben nevis ' . in september 's vote , 55 per cent of scots backed the idea of remaining in the united kingdom . alex salmond said the vote was an ' opportunity of a lifetime ' and two years ago , miss sturgeon said of the independence vote : ' we have always said it 's a once in a generation thing . ' but in a series of tv election debates between scottish leaders , ms sturgeon has shifted her position and today left open the possibility that the promise of another vote could be included in a future snp manifesto . under pressure she said that ' something would have to change ' before she promised a referendum , and people would have to vote for it . she said : ' i am not planning another referendum right now , there is not another referendum on the cards . ' in order for another referendum to be in an snp manifesto in future , something significant would have to change from the situation we had last year in the referendum . ' ms sturgeon , who was campaigning in paisley today , left open the idea of demanding a referendum in next year 's scottish parliament elections . opponents claim ms sturgeon had ' broken a promise the size of ben nevis ' on a referendum , after insisting last year 's vote was a once in a generation event . during a fractious and at times shouty debate on bbc sunday politics scotland , scottish tory leader ruth davidson challenged her to rule out another vote . ms davidson , leader of the scottish conservatives , added : ' you clearly do n't want to tell people before they vote in this election , what will happen in the next election . ' you have a conference coming up in september , you have 80,000 new members who might be popping along , are you going to put a motion at your conference on this to put a referendum into your next manifesto ? ' ms sturgeon said : ' i am not planning another referendum right now , i have n't published the 2016 manifesto . it will be this time next year before we publish the 2016 one . ' mr rennie said the snp leader had ' broken a promise the size of ben nevis ' on another referendum . he said : ' people need to know whether their vote for the snp this time round will trigger a referendum in the snp 's manifesto in 2016 . nicola sturgeon 's refusal to answer this basic question makes clear that scotland faces neverendum . ' it matters because during the referendum we know the snp took their eye off the ball . as a result , public services were neglected . ' we have seen from canada the economic impact of an uncertain constitutional environment . quebec lost jobs and wealth . that damaged the province in the long term . i want a scotland which builds a stronger economy and a fairer society , balancing the books and delivering more powers . ' during a tv debate , scottish labour leader jim murphy and tory leader ruth davidson challenged ms sturgeon to come clean on her plans for scotland . ms sturgeon later accused her opponents of ' reviving project fear ' . the first minister was questioned about snp plans to increase scotland 's financial powers , which economists have suggested would leave a £7.6 billion spending gap , during a third televised election debate in under a week . ms sturgeon said that full fiscal autonomy would take several years to implement but with new powers scotland would start growing its economy and revenues . she said : ' this week we 've seen the project fear that dominated the referendum revived by these three unionist parties , trying to talk down scotland and assert that we 're not capable of running our own affairs . ' scottish conservatives leader ruth davidson said : ' this ( the figure ) did n't come from us . you 're right in saying this came from the institute for fiscal studies . it also came from a group of scottish-based economists that projected the gap to be bigger . ' scottish labour leader jim murphy said : ' to make this £7.6 billion up scotland would have to grow at twice the rate of the rest of entire advanced world , so how would you do that nicola ? '