rape : edwin ' jock ' mee is accused of attacking several army cadets while working as a recruitment sergeant . an army recruiting sergeant raped a teenage cadet after telling her he could help her get a visa from the home office , a court heard today . edwin ' jock ' mee allegedly told the 18-year-old , from sierra leone , that her visa application had been delayed in order to persuade her to have sex with him . he is accused of carrying out sex attacks on 11 victims as young as 15 while working at an army careers centre in croydon , south london , between october 2010 and september 2011 . one woman told southwark crown court today that she saw mee , 46 , as a father figure after he helped her join the army . she said : ' he was like someone i could really lean on because , going for some interviews with him , he would ask me everything about my personal life , everything , because he said that is the procedure they need to do . ' so it is like i took him as a father , or someone i can relate to , or maybe understand what is happening to me . ' jurors heard that mee repeatedly asked the teenager if she wanted to have sex with him - she initially ignored him , but later explicitly told him she did not want to do . the court heard that one occasion when she went to see mee , he slapped her bottom as she left the office , and she told him ' never do that ' . prosecutor rosina cottage qc asked the woman why she did not tell any of the other recruiters what was going on . the witness replied : ' he always told me not to say anything to anyone because no one will believe me and looking at him , and his status , all these things , i believed him . ' describing the alleged rape , the woman said she had gone in for her final army selection interview in august 2011 before the conclusion of the process . around the same time she was trying to renew her visa with the home office , and was not aware of any problems with the application before she went to see mee . she said : ' he said there was a delay for me to pay the money , that if the visa did n't come , i ca n't go for selection and my date was already fixed . he told me he can help me . ' he told me that because i need to go to selection and my passport was with the home office , and he told me that he was going to help and i said , `` how are you going to do that ? '' he just said , `` a call that i can make , '' and i said `` why do n't you do it ? '' ' he said : `` you know what you can do that will make me do it . '' ' base : mee was working at an army careers centre in croydon , south london , pictured . the court heard that mee then told the woman to wait for the ' boss ' who was going to conduct her interview . but he returned a short time later , told her that he would now be talking to her and took her to the kitchen area , jurors were told . dressed in his army uniform , mee allegedly spoke to the woman about her selection procedure and the fact her passport was with the home office , before leaving her waiting alone again . the woman said : ' he came back and sat , he started asking me if i was going to have sex with him . ' jurors heard that she told mee ' no ' and that she was simply there to see the ' boss ' , still believing that there were other people in the recruitment office . when he asked her for sex again he allegedly said that no one would ever know , and later revealed that there was nobody left in the office . the woman told the court that mee then ' jumped ' and kissed her on the lips , before asking her to lift up her skirt and show him her underwear . he then pounced on the woman and began assaulting her , before she told him that she could not breathe . ' i was suffocating because he was on top of me , ' the woman said . ' and i told him that i was suffocating , he got scared a bit and that is when he jumped off me , because i was n't breathing . ' after the incident mee drove the woman home , telling her not to tell anyone what had happened , and said that he was helping her out , the court heard . the woman said she kept quiet about what happened because he was ' a big person in the army ' and she did not think anyone would believe her . jurors heard that soon afterwards , the alleged victim received a letter from the home office saying her visa had been granted , and she thought mee had been responsible for this . sergeant : mee denies assaulting the women between 2010 and 2011 . mee , who now lives in scotland , denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three rapes and one count of assault by penetration . jurors also heard that the woman kept a diary in which she wrote entries about her daily life . writing about the day she was allegedly raped , she said : ' jock also got a message from the home office that they are not going to grant me the extension because i was late to pay the money . ' jock had to beg for me and he also sent them a letter to appeal on my behalf . i am so thankful to god that jock helped me out in that . he has always been there for me , if they do n't agree he said he will marry me . lol . ' that is so sweet of him . god , please do n't let anything happen to me . ' in cross-examination lisa wilding qc asked the woman if mee had offered to marry her ' jokingly or seriously ' . ' that is why i put lol because that is what i thought , because he is telling me all these things that i was n't aware of , ' she replied . in another entry a few days later , she thanked the sergeant for helping her with her application to remain in the uk . she wrote : ' i also thank jock for making that call to the home office . he helped me a lot . if he did n't call , they should have refused me . ' asked why she had n't told anyone of the rape , the woman explained that she was like an abused child . she said : ' he is just like a father who is abusing a child and the child does n't know that you are abusing it , and you are torn between love and hate . that is how i felt . ' the trial continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .