a runner up of brazil 's miss bumbum competition has branded the contest 's winner ' an attention-seeking sl*t ' after she posted a photograph of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin mary for easter . claudia alende , 21 , who came second in last year 's beauty pageant , launched a scathing attack on current title-holder indianara carvalho , claiming the model had ' revealed who she truly is ' . miss carvalho , 23 , posted the racy picture to her instagram account on good friday - the day the country 's 130million catholics solemnly remembered the crucifixion and death of christ . scroll down for video . racy : indianara carvalho posted the picture of her naked body painted with an image of the virgin mary on good friday . slammed : claudia alende , who came second in the competition , launched a scathing attack on miss carvalho . the image , one of a series of nude shots she shared over the easter weekend , was accompanied with a prayer which including the words : ' good friday . lord , on this day i ask for peace , love , wisdom and strength ' . but the paintings - created by brazilian spray-paint artist binho over 10 hours - prompted a tirade of disapproval from her followers , many of whom accused the miss bumbum winner of disrespect and religious sacrilege . ms alende , the competition 's vice champion , better known as the brazilian ' megan fox ' , today waded into the furore , claiming she had been left ' shocked and ashamed ' by her rival 's risqué easter stunt . speaking exclusively to mailonline , ms alende , a catholic , claimed she had also been asked to do the photoshoot but refused ' out of respect for god and for my family ' . she said : ' it was a ridiculous thing to do , i actually feel ashamed for her . ' claudia alende , 21 , who came second in last year 's beauty pageant , is known as the brazilian megan fox . ms alende , better known as the brazilian ' megan fox ' , claims she had been left ' shocked and ashamed ' by her rival 's risqué easter stunt . ms alende said : ' i 've always known that the woman is an attention-seeking sl*t , and now she 's revealing to everyone else who she truly is ' . ' our lady is a holy figure , and for many the most important figure in their lives , ' she added . ' to paint her across your naked body , especially on good friday , shows a breathtaking lack of respect and judgement . ' like most other people , i was shocked when i saw the photos . i was actually embarrassed for her , even though she has no shame herself . ' i think in her head she does n't care if it makes people talk well or talk badly of her . she just wants people to talk about her . she thinks that any kind of publicity is a good thing . ' i 've always known that the woman is an attention-seeking sl*t , and now she 's revealing to everyone else who she truly is . ' brazilian beauty : ms alende claims miss carvalho has ' revealed who she truly is ' by posting the naked shots . ms alende believes the publicity stunt is already backfiring - and called on brazilians to boycott her rival . the miss bumbum runner-up told mailonline ' it was a ridiculous thing to do , i actually feel ashamed for her ' . ms alende said the current miss bumbum - who had hymen surgery last year to ' restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time again with ' someone special ' - never deserved to win the coveted title last november . she said : ' i honestly have no idea how she won . she is too muscly , it means her body is ugly , she certainly does n't represent the brazilian woman . ' and she believes the publicity stunt is already backfiring - and called on brazilians to boycott her . ' she has made people see her in a negative way , so many are losing respect for her and interest in her too , ' ms alende added . ' she is losing her credibility , and will lose work too . ' i think anyone who was shocked by her lack of respect for christianity and the virgin mary should boycott her , including magazines and companies that might have used her image on their pages or to sell their products . ' miss carvalho had hymen surgery last year to ' restore ' her virginity so she could enjoy her first time again with ' someone special ' . ms alende ( second from right ) , a catholic , has branded winner miss carvalho ( right ) ' an attention-seeking sl*t ' miss carvalho triumphed in brazil 's annual bottom beauty contest last year , which sees 27 women - one from each state - complete to prove their backside is best . following the publication of the photos at the weekend , many of miss carvalho 's instagram followers expressed their outrage . 'don’t mix god with your ridiculous shame and profanity , ' wrote one instagram user , eliane paz salinas . another , cadmo barrera lerma ranted : ' you have lost my total respect , at least one in your list of followers . ' janvier veliz angulo added : ' this proves that beauty is not everything… you have lost me as one of your fans . ' referring to miss carvalho 's accompanying prayer , another user fumed : ' i think that to ask for peace and love and protection there is no need to be naked ! ! ! ! please respect things related to god ! ' happy easter : this was another of the raunchy photographs posted on social media by the miss bumbum winner . miss carvalho 's lengthy prayer also stated : ' father , protect my ears from all evils and watch my steps on the path to truth '' . the 2014 contest was marred by scandal after it was alleged that miss carvalho had bribed the judges with over £70,000 in cash to make sure she won . christianity is the dominant religion in brazil , with roman catholics accounting for 64 per cent of the population and protestants making up 22 per cent , according to the latest census . miss carvalho 's lengthy prayer also stated : ' father , protect my ears from all evils and watch my steps on the path to truth . ' may your blessings fill my spirit and my heart , which is so kind and cheerful ... feel your sweet and gentle presence ... i am your grace . ' the buxom blonde triumphed in brazil 's annual bottom beauty contest last year , which sees 27 women - one from each state - complete to prove their backside is best . miss bumbum , which began four years ago and has several spin-offs , is an annual institution in its native brazil , although not always without controversy . the 2014 contest was marred by scandal after it was alleged that miss carvalho had bribed the judges with over £70,000 in cash to make sure she won .