scotland will definitely become independent one day , nicola sturgeon vowed today as she again refused to rule out a second referendum on breaking up the union . the snp leader said the ' direction of travel ' was towards independence , as she set out her demands for her to support ed miliband if labour falls short of a majority . but david cameron warned of the ' frightening ' prospect of the snp holding labour to ransom and demanding they ditch new roads and hospitals in england , wales and northern ireland . scroll down for video . snp leader nicola sturgeon said the ' direction of travel ' was towards independence butprime minister david cameron warned nationalists would use a labour government to break up the union and punish other nations . the tories have unveiled a new poster showing nicola sturgeon pulling ed miliband 's strings , which could mean more taxes and borrowing , while england , wales and northern ireland suffer . david cameron has urged people to vote tactically , to keep a labour-snp government out of power . the prime minister issued a plea to ukip and lib dem voters to lend their support to the tories to prevent ' ed miliband , propped up by nicola sturgeon demanding ever more borrowing and more taxes ' . writing in the sunday times , the tory leader said : ' a vote for any of the other parties makes it harder for conservatives to get those 23 constituencies we need to form a majority government . ' vote for ukip or the liberal democrats and you take ed miliband and nicola sturgeon a step closer to downing street — and our government , economy and country a step closer to chaos . ' so if you are considering voting ukip or lib dem , i urge you to think of the chaos of a weak ed miliband , propped up by nicola sturgeon demanding ever more borrowing and more taxes . only a conservative vote in your local constituency will keep ed miliband and the snp out and secure britain 's future . ' mr cameron warned that with the snp calling the shots , the rest of the united kingdom – england , wales , northern ireland , ' would n't get a look-in ' . both mr miliband and ms sturgeon have ruled out a formal coalition , with snp ministers sitting in a labour cabinet . but ms sturgeon has repeatedly offered to work with labour to ' lock ' the tories out of power . in september 's referendum , 55 per cent of people voted against independence , but since then support for the snp has soared . latest polls suggest more than half of scots plan to vote for the snp , robbing labour of dozens of seats north of the border . on bbc one 's andrew marr show , ms sturgeon would only say : ' i have no plans for another referendum at this stage . ' but she added : ' i think scotland will become an independent country one day . i think that 's the direction of travel . ' whether there is another referendum , and whether scotland becomes independent is not a matter for me to decide . it is a matter for the scottish people to decide . ' ms sturgeon tried to play down the idea that the snp would attempt to cause disruption at westminster to further its goal of independence . ' i 've got to persuade people that the snp in the house of commons after the election will not be any kind of disruptive force . we want to be constructive , to get better politics coming out of the westminster system . ' as long as scotland remains part of the westminster system , it matters to people that we get good decisions out of that system , and i want the snp to play a positive part in improving politics at westminster for people right across the uk . ' but mr cameron warned that if labour is forced to rely on the snp to pass laws and budgets , england , wales and northern ireland will pay the price .  ms sturgeon tried to play down the idea that the snp would attempt to cause disruption at westminster to further its goal of independence . mr cameron warned that with the snp calling ths shots , the rest of the united kingdom – england , wales , northern ireland , would n't get a look-in . the prime minister , who described himself as a ' fundamental believer in the united kingdom ' , told andrew marr : ' this would be the first time on our history that a group of nationalists from one part of our country would be involved in altering the direction of the government of our country . i think that is a frightening prospect . ' people thinking in their own constituencies , is that bypass going to be built , will my hospital get the money it needs ? frankly this is a group of people that would n't care about what happened in the rest of the country . ' the rest of the united kingdom – england , wales , northern ireland , would n't get a look-in . ' that is the prospect we face if we do n't get the majority conservative government that is in our reach . ' a recent tns survey showed the snp has almost doubled its lead over labour in a month , with 52 per cent now backing ms sturgeon with only 24 per cent of scots planning to vote for mr miliband . last week labour announced plans for a freeze in rail fares , paid for by scrapping road upgrades on the a27 along the south coast and the a358 in somerset - both in tory and lib dem seats . mr cameron said : ' the snp is a party that does n't want to come to westminster to contribute to a government , it wants to come to westminster to break up our country . ' you have to ask yourself , if you are in a voter in england , in wales or in northern ireland , would these people care at all about what happens in my life or my constituency . and the answer is no . ' we have already seen labour cancelling important infrastructure projects , in the south of england , in the south west of england , the a27… . ' they 've said we would n't go ahead with those , they 've cancelled , they 've said we do n't care about these things because they do n't matter to us politically . ' imagine what it would be like with snp mps . ' 