the twin 18-month-old boys who died after falling into an arizona canal last week have been identified as bothers eli and silas keslar of yuma . while authorities in the southern arizona town have not yet officially identified the victims , a go fund me page set up this weekend named them and their parents , mark and alexis keslar . marlene gleim , a friend of the boys ' grandmother marlena martinez , set up the page after learning about their deaths on local media . the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the boys has already raised over $ 10,000 . tragedy : the twin 18-month-old boys who died after falling into a arizona canal this weekend have been identified as brother eli and silas keslar . pictured above on their first birthday with parents alexis ( left ) and mark keslar ( right ) . too young : authorities have not released any information on how the two boys ended up in the canal , but say foul play is not suspected . ' i would consider them family , and family is not always blood-related , ' ms gleim told the yuma sun . 'i’m extremely… i’m at a loss of words with all of this . ' ' no parent should ever have to lose a child , let alone two at once , ' she added . it has not yet been revealed how the boys were swept away in the canal , but authorities have said they do n't suspect foul play . emergency : above , the scene were the two boys were pulled out of the canal friday morning in yuma , arizona . the toddlers are believed to have fallen in the water accidentally at 9.45am on friday . after a police search that lasted more than an hour , the brothers were pulled from the water . they were flown by a u.s. marine corps helicopter to a yuma hospital , where they were pronounced dead , franklin said . the area along the canal is used by families for walks and by joggers and a family member was nearby when the boys ended up in the water . yuma fire department spokesman mike erfert said their crews were called out on a possible drowning . named : officials have not yet officially identified the boys , but they were named over the weekend in a go fund me campaign page . pictured above in a recent photo posted to their grandmother 's facebook page . touching : as of sunday , the fund to cover memorial and medical costs for the two boys had raised over $ 10,000 . helicopters from the u.s. border patrol and the marine corps also flew over the canal searching for the boys . the border patrol helicopter crew spotted the brothers in the water , erfert said , and they were pulled out at about 11.20am . paramedics began immediate life-saving efforts and the boys were quickly loaded onto the marine corps helicopter for the trip to the hospital . 