andrea mcveigh , 44 , has been left scarred for life after being knocked down by cyclist . a woman has been left scarred for life after being knocked down by a cyclist who was riding on the pavement . pedestrian andrea mcveigh was sent crashing face-first into the concrete after being hit from behind by the rider . the cyclist fled the scene , chased by the 44-year-old 's husband after she was left sprawled in a pool of her own blood . the social media manager suffered two three-inch gashes to the middle of her forehead , as well as other facial and hand injuries . met police have issued cctv footage of a cyclist they want to speak to in connection with the crash , which happened in bermondsey , south london on april 14 . ' i got hit by a speeding cyclist on the pavement , ' said mrs mcveigh . ' he needs to be caught . ' i 'm now scarred for life . it was as bad as being hit by a car . ' she told how the cyclist initially stop after the impact and appeared to be locking his bike up , but then sped off . mrs mcveigh said the rider turned around and smiled at her husband , who was chasing him , as he disappeared . ' the cyclist knew an ambulance and police were coming yet sped off , ' she said . ' he knew the damage , saw the blood . ' currently i 'm now off work sick , with two black eyes , a swollen nose , stitches and feeling very scared to go out onto the street . ' the police have now issued an appeal about the shockingly callous incident , which happened at about 6pm . sergeant david hunt said : ' the victim sustained significant facial injuries and if not for her husband and a member of the public stopping to help she would have been left on that footpath . ' i would encourage anyone who recognises him to contact us immediately . ' police have launched a hunt for the mystery cyclist who allegedly mowed down the 44-year-old . chief superintendent zander gibson , borough commander for southwark , said : ' it must have been an awful encounter for the victim , both physically and emotionally and she has my heartfelt sympathy for what she went through . ' we sent an officer to the scene and they completed an investigation . ' there was a delay in following this investigation up but i am confident we are now taking appropriate steps to identify the person responsible . ' the impact happened outside the sainsbury 's local in tower bridge road , bermondsey , pictured . 