defeated : napoleon ( illustrated ) lost at the battle of waterloo in 1815 . guests attending a service in london to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of waterloo have been told not to act in a ' triumphalist ' way – to avoid upsetting the french . invitations to the service at st paul 's cathedral advise that it will avoid glorifying the duke of wellington 's historic victory over napoleon in 1815 . but last night the move was criticised by politicians , who said it ' took political correctness to an absurd new degree ' . the invitation to the waterloo 200 event says : ' the service , although related to a military victory , is not in any way glorifying war , nor must it be seen as triumphalist . ' instead , the service – to be attended by members of the royal family and senior political and military figures – will focus on the 'pan-european ' implications of the battle and the century of peace that followed . conservative jacob rees-mogg , who is bidding to be re-elected as a somerset mp , said : ' waterloo was a triumph of good versus evil . napoleon was responsible for between three million and 6.5 million deaths . ' two hundred years on , it is ridiculous to spare the blushes of the french by not celebrating the battle for what it was . what next ? will we ask france to apologise for the battle of hastings ? ' the service of commemoration , to take place on the 200th anniversary of waterloo on june 18 , will be the centrepiece of a series of events to mark the battle . waterloo 200 chairman , major general sir evelyn webb-carter , defended the ' no triumphalism ' theme . asked if it looked as though the service was designed to avoid embarrassing the french , he said : ' some people may read it like that but it 's not how we look at it . ' he added that the enemy at waterloo was napoleon – not france as such . the commemoration was highlighting the effect of the battle on europe , not the military campaign or the battle itself . ' what waterloo brought in was an extended period of peace in europe after a particularly horrible 20 years of war , ' sir evelyn said . ' the commemoration looks forward to the european harmony that followed it . ' colin brown , author of scum of the earth , a new book about waterloo , said wellington would not have objected to the non-triumphalist tone . he added : ' the duke strongly believed in the restoration of the status quo after the battle , including the restoration of the bourbon monarchy in france . ' the commemoration was highlighting the effect of the battle ( illustrated ) on europe , organisers said . 