a mother was left in shock after her four-year-old daughter discovered a four-foot snake in the bath - just a week after moving into the house . michelle woods , from norton in teesside , was told by her daughter elisha mann that ' something was moving ' in the bath . and when the pair walked into the bathroom to check what was there , that 's when they came face to face with the reptile . the four-foot red and orange corn snake , which michelle woods discovered slithering around in the bathroom of her new home . she believes it may belong to the property 's previous tenant . mrs woods , a full-time mother , said : ' i thought she was joking , but elisha made me go and have a look , so i went and checked the bin and nothing was there . ' but then i looked up and i was face-to-face with a snake . i nearly jumped out of my skin and slammed the door shut . ' i even made sure our cat smotker was locked downstairs in case it tried to attack it . i had no idea at the time if it was dangerous or not . ' panicking , ms woods said she called the rspca , who were unable to help - so in desperation , posted an appeal on facebook . within an hour , a local woman who keeps snakes had recognised her plight and identified the reptile as a corn snake , a non-venomous species normally kept as a pet . the woman then came to the house and took away the snake so ms woods and elisha could get a good night 's sleep . ms woods , 44 , added : ' it was a great response . obviously , they thought i was just joking at first but when i sent them a picture they posted it up online and i got some help straight away . michelle woods with her daughter elisha mann , who first spotted the snake in the bath before alerting her mother . it is not clear how the snake ended up in the bathroom , but ms woods believes that the previous tenant may have kept snakes as pets and lost the red and orange reptile while moving . she explained : ' we could n't think of another way it could have got into the house , but goodness knows where it had been for the week we lived there before he spotted it . ' i was petrified at first and i was a bit nervoud about using the bathroom for the rest of the night . ' but luckily we have n't found anything else yet ! ' but the encounter did n't faze four-year-old elisha , who said : ' when i saw the snake it was really still . ' i was n't scared at all . i knew not to touch it . i 'm looking forward to telling me friends about it at school . ' 