it tells the story of coal miners in a tough working-class community in wales . and it seems the film pride was a little overwhelming for soft-hearted hampstead socialist ed miliband . the labour leader has confessed he cried when he and his wife justine watched a dvd of the 2014 movie starring bill nighy and imelda staunton . scroll down for video . ed miliband , picture today on a david brown gear systems factory in huddersfield , has finally confessed that he is a geek who spent his childhood obsessing over computer games . weepy : a scene from the 2014 british film pride featuring bill nighy ( in tie ) . he said : ‘ pride is about the lesbian and gay community in london who go and help the miners in wales and justine and i watched it recently . i blubbed . ’ in a radio interview , mr miliband was asked about jeremy paxman’s description of him as a ‘ north london geek’ during his television grilling last week . he said : ‘ i plead guilty to being a geek . i’m proud . ’ the labour leader claimed never to have been a trainspotter or a member of a chess club , but said that as a 12-year-old he had a ‘ big passion’ for the 1983 video game manic miner , which he played using his zx spectrum computer linked to a tv . the labour leader said he struggles with hand-eye coordination but when he was 12-years-old drove his parents ‘ slightly mad’ playing manic miner . mr miliband said as labour leader he used to use an iphone , but gave it up for a blackberry because he spent too much time reading tweets and political commentary . talking to absolute radio’s geoff lloyd , he said : ‘ i was brilliant . as i remember , there were 20 levels . i’m not sure i’m very good at hand-eye coordination but i was good at manic miner . ‘ i used to drive my parents slightly mad because you used to play it on the telly , obviously , so they wouldn’t be able to watch . ’ mr miliband said he used to use an iphone , but gave it up for a blackberry because he had been spending too much time reading tweets and political commentary . he added : ‘ the good thing about a blackberry ... i’m going to insult the blackberry makers now , is it’s harder to do those things so it’s got a more limited functionality , i think they call it . ’ despite downgrading his phone , perhaps to avoid having to read negative remarks about himself , mr miliband insisted he was thick-skinned . despite downgrading phone to avoid negative remarks about himself , mr miliband insisted he is ‘thick-skinned’ . ‘ i think it comes with the territory of the job , ’ he said . ‘ you know what’s kept me going throughout all this , is a sort of inner belief . ‘ if i was just running for this job because i wanted my face on the wall inside downing street , then that wouldn’t be enough for the motivation . my motivation is to change the country . ’ mr miliband said that his mother calls him edward when she is unhappy with him , but claimed she had not done this when he chose to stand against his brother david for the labour leadership . mr miliband said that he was a fan of the singer ellie goulding ( left ) and the band bastille ( right ) , but claimed he did not spend his time learning about popular culture to try and appear like a normal person . he said : ‘ so , i was quite a lot of things . i was an edward , and partly when i lived in america i was an eddie . i was a ted at university . i sort of became a ted briefly but i’m happy with ed . ’ he joked : ‘ my mum calls me edward if i’m in trouble or if she doesn’t like one of our policies . ’ mr miliband said that he was a fan of the singer ellie goulding and the band bastille , but claimed he did not spend his time learning about popular culture to try to appear normal . he said : ‘i’m more interested in swotting up on what’s happening in the middle east rather than top gear . ’