kevin pietersen can resurrect his test career and prove axed england boss paul downton was wrong to sack him last year , according to chris tremlett . surrey paceman tremlett believes england and wales cricket board managing director downton 's departure on wednesday night opens the door for controversial batsman pietersen 's return . south africa-born pietersen is gearing up for his first county championship action since june 2013 after agreeing a new deal with surrey . chris tremlett has backed his surrey team-mate kevin pietersen to make an international comeback . tremlett and pietersen were all smiles on surrey 's media day at the oval ahead of the new season . the 34-year-old is determined to restart his test career after he was sacked in february 2014 , and tremlett backed his county team-mate to achieve that feat . ' maybe that 's the case that those changes open a door , ' said tremlett of downton 's ecb exit . ' they were the guys who were in place that i guess made those rulings that he was n't going to come back and play for england . ' people have heard things from colin graves the last few weeks that he might have a chance of coming back . ' i guess it 's just wait and see , who knows what 's going to happen in the next few weeks , other positions could change within the england set-up . pietersen cancelled his indian premier league contract in order to play domestic cricket for surrey . ' but i think kevin knows he 's got a chance if he goes out there and scores runs . ' i think he feels he was harshly treated by being released from the ecb a year or so ago , so i think he 's got a point to prove and it will be exciting to see what happens . ' i do n't see why he ca n't get back into the england set-up . ' there 's been a couple of changes over the last couple of days with england , and i do n't know what 's going to happen there . ' but i 'm sure if he stacks up a lot of runs then people are going to be pushing for him to get back in the england side . ' it will be interesting to see how it unravels in the next five or six weeks . the 34-year-old takes a snap on his phone during the media day at the oval on thursday . ' but from surrey 's point of view we 're all hoping he gets out there and scores big runs . ' pietersen was back at the oval on thursday for surrey 's pre-season press day , posing for team photographs . the 104-test veteran 's england career went up in smoke during the disastrous 2013-14 ashes series in australia , with accusations and back-biting of dressing room unrest . captain gareth batty claimed the surrey dressing room is ' even better ' with pietersen around , playing down any chances of the returning star causing any backroom imbalance . ' i can only comment on things i 've seen with my own eyes , ' said batty . pietersen has not played for england since england 's disastrous ashes tour in 2013 . paul downton was sacked from his position as managing director of england cricket . ' but if you go up into that changing room now , kev will be up there taking the mickey out of someone - and someone will be taking the mickey out of him back . ' it 's a very nice place to be . ' i enjoy coming to work every morning . ' whether kev 's there or not it 's a nice place to be , if anything with kev there it 's even better because there 's a bit more banter , a few more of you boys kicking around and there 's a bit more fun to be had at everybody else 's expense . ' so it 's always been a good place when kevin 's been around . ' i think he 's very motivated , and i think there 's a bit of fuel there that 's motivating him on a daily basis . ' all i see is a young fella , who is desperate to play cricket , and desperate to get back to his absolute best . '