martin guptill has been recalled to the new zealand test squad for their upcoming two-match series against england next month . guptill , who smashed 237 against the west indies in the recent world cup has not represented the black caps at test level since the 2013 tour of england . paceman matt henry who played against south africa in the semis and in a losing team against australia in the final , has been called up to the test squad for the first time . the 23-year-old has only played 20 first class matches . martin guptill has been recalled to new zealand test squad for their two-match series with england . guptill of new zealand pulls the ball away for six runs during the 2015 icc cricket world cup match . ' this is a stable , established test side but there will be opportunities for contenders , ' coach and selector mike hesson told the new zealand cricket website . new zealand test squad : mccullum ( captain ) , anderson , boult , bracewell , craig , guptill , henry , latham , ronchi , rutherford , southee , taylor , wagner , watling , williamson . one day international and t20 squad : b mccullum ( captain ) , anderson , boult , elliott , guptill , henry , latham , mcclenaghan , n mccullum , milne , ronchi , santner , southee , taylor , williamson . ' martin 's a classically-styled batsman and there 's really no reason why he ca n't be as influential in the longer game as he is in the short . ' it 's another step up for matt but we 've been impressed by the maturity and skill-set he 's already shown in the odi format . ' james neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury while new zealand will also be without daniel vettori after he retired following new zealand 's seven wicket loss to australia . mitchell santner is the only uncapped player in the one day international and t20 squads . ' mitchell brings to the table some all-round cover , ' said hesson whose side will play five 50 over games and one t20 match against england . ' we 're hoping he can take his opportunities and continue the excellent progress he 's been making over recent seasons . ' new zealand will also be without daniel vettori after he retired following their seven wicket loss to australia .