a down-on-their-luck couple from ohio struggling with chronic conditions that left them unable to make a living were found dead from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning this week , less than two months after their desperate pleas for help went ignored . randy and jodi speidel , from bellefontaine , created online fundraisers on givefroward.com and gofundme.com in late february begging good samaritans for financial help . mrs speidel wrote that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and were close to having their electricity and internet service shut off . hopeless : randy and jodi speidel , from bellefontaine , ohio , took their own lives this week , more than two months after they created online fundraisers begging for financial help . heartbreaking : the middle-aged couple died from self-inflicted carbon monoxide poisoning caused by two charcoal grills they had dragged into their bedroom . last-ditch effort : mrs speidel wrote on giveforward.com in late february that they had been living without gas all winter , had no running water and cut down their food intake to one meal a day . after having paid $ 500 to their landlord to prevent their immediate eviction , mrs speidel stated that they were left with only $ 33 to their name . to stretch their meager funds a little farther , the impoverished , ailing couple were forced to limit their food intake to a single meal a day and did not have enough scraps to feed their two cats . ‘ i have turned in every direction possible and don’t know what else to do , ’ she wrote . ‘ if you can help , we will be forever grateful and will even pay you back once we get back on our feet . ’ the speidles were hoping to raise $ 1,000 , but the online campaign failed to draw any donations whatsoever . on tuesday , the couple 's landlord , doug elleman , arrived at their rental at 225 west high avenue to discover a pink handwritten note warning passersby of carbon monoxide inside , reported bellefontaine examiner . firefighters who were called to the scene entered the residence and discovered a pair of charcoal grills filled with smoldering coals . jodi speidel , 46 , and her 45-year-old husband , randy , were pronounced dead at the scene . orpahns : the couple leave behind two daughters , randa ( pictured right as a baby with her father ) and 20-year-old kira speidel . columbus dispatch reported that a note found nearby confirmed that the husband and wife had made a suicide pact . the couple had removed their beloved pet cats from the house to spare their lives . they were later found wandering outside . the couple leave behind two daughters , randa and kira speidel . in a post left last month on her parents ' gofundme.com page , which has since been removed , 20-year-old kira called the couple ' the hardest-working people i know . ' she went on to say that now that they can no longer work because of their physical ailments , ' they have nowhere to run . ' police chief brandon standley said the town has resources available for people in need like the speidels , adding that it 's tragic that they thought they were all out of options . in one of her online pleas , jodi speidel mentioned she had applied for assistance and was told to wait . her giveforward.com campaign description indicates that despite her infirmities , speidel was able to land a new job but needed some help to tie them over until her pay checks started coming in . 