police remain hopeful they will find missing 11-year-old luke shambrook who went missing from a campsite in victoria on friday . an increased number of police and other emergency crews continue to scour the thick bushland areas around lake eildon in an effort to find the boy . search co-ordinator acting senior sergeant andrew walker said luke had a “ very high pain tolerance” , a factor that would work in his favour given he has now been missing for days . scroll down for video . the shambrook family with children ( left to right ) luke , 11 , lauren , 7 , and matthew , 10 . luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30am on good friday . it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . “ hence the reason why we’re out searching . we’re still hopeful that we can find him , ” sgt walker said . the 11-year-old , who is autistic , was reportedly seen walking near the devils river on sunday , four kilometres south of his campsite where he was last seen . search crews have rushed to the location and police remain comfortable that the young boy is still alive . luke has now been missing for four days . a victorian police spokeswoman told aap late on sunday that a family saw a young boy matching lukes description while they were driving in the devils river vicinity . with temperatures dropping to as low as eight degree celsius , senior sergeant ralph willingham believes that the fourth day of searching will have a further level of urgency . ' the advice i 'm getting from our search and rescue experts having regard to the overnight temperatures and the daytime temperatures is that he could well still be out there , ' he said . ' we 've got to be realists but we 're positive , the family 's positive . ' however , luke may not even know he is lost and is known to frequently hide , according to his family . he was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park near lake eildon at 9.30am on good friday . luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused , and he may not even be aware he is lost . campers are helping rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and ses volunteers in the search of thick bushland . police hold hope that luke has been able to stay reasonably warm as he was last seen wearing a beanie and warm jacket . there was a moment of hope when a beanie was found by the search party , however it was decided it did not belong to luke . the candlebark campground in fraser national park , central victoria , where luke went missing on friday . having met luke 's family during a push to open a special school in melbourne 's southeast , opposition emergency services spokeman brad battin says it 's devastating to hear the 11-year-old is missing . he says luke 's parents tim and rachel have been updating him on the search and appreciate the efforts of all those out looking for their little boy . ' he 's a lovely young kid , ' mr battin told aap on sunday . ' he displays all the characteristics of a child with autism , which means he might not even think he is lost . ' sergeant greg paul says the search is focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland . ' we 've got a lot of searchers in the bush , we 've got a lot searchers searching all the tracks and in between the tracks and the gullies and the spurs , ' he told reporters on saturday . the shambrook family has thanked emergency service workers , volunteers , family and friends for their help . they say the disappearance is completely out of character for him . a widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and ses members , along with campers around the surrounding areas . a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams . sergeant greg paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland . ' we 've got a lot of searchers in the bush , ' he told reporters on saturday . ' we 've also got people walking the banks of the lake . ' but he outlined a serious hurdle for the search efforts , according to abc . ' with the autistic condition , luke might not respond to searchers , he may not even know that he 's lost , ' he said . ' he wo n't necessarily respond to his name being called , but that might change a little bit as he gets hungry maybe . sgt paul said there were hundreds of other campers in the area over the busy easter period , so there was a chance someone else could spot luke . luke is described as being of medium build , about 150 cm tall with olive skin , brown hair and brown eyes . he was last seen wearing a black windcheater , black t-shirt , grey track-pants , grey boots and a scarf . lake eildon , near where luke went missing : police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight , with warm temperatures through the day . sergeant greg paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland . searchers are desperately combing bushland and the banks of a lake for an autistic who went missing there . a widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the dog squad and local police . 