usain bolt walked into a small gym at the base of rio de janeiro 's mangueira favela on thursday , took three shots on the basketball court - at least one from 3-point range - and made all three . that bodes well for next year 's olympics , where the six-time gold-medal sprinter will try to add three more in rio . he won three in 2008 in beijing and three more in london in 2012 . ' this will be my last olympics , but i am definitely looking forward to it , ' bolt said , ushered away quickly into black car . ' i 'm excited now that it 's getting closer . i 'm looking forward to being here and competing . yes definitely . ' usain bolt took three shots on the basketball court and converted all three on a trip in brazil . bolt visited a small gym in brazil on thursday and spoke of his plans for the rio olympics . bolt made the time to pose for pictures alongside his many supporters in brazil . bolt is in rio to promote an event over the weekend , and made a 30-minute visit to the mangueira sports complex . many could n't believe it when they were told bolt - the world 's fastest man - was dropping by a slum that 's visible from rio 's famous maracana stadium . leaving the basketball court , bolt posed for selfies , took his own video and even ran a 20-metre race on the track with several young girls . a few kids at the complex 's small football field climbed a chain link fence to have a look . bolt seemed to enjoy himself , raised his arms a few times in mock gestures of triumph and took time to look at the selfies of others . ' it was really great , ' said camile vitoria santana melo , a 12-year-old who ran alongside bolt . ' i was n't expecting it . i came here today to practice . i was very happy , very excited when i saw him . ' bolt ( centre ) jogged a 20-metre track with some youngsters who had been training there . jamaican sprinter bolt has admitted that the 2016 olympic games in rio will be his last . there are more than 1,000 favelas in rio . many are lawless tin and cinderblock settlements dug in atop the city 's hills , home to rio 's poor and much of its crime . ' this is going to a learning moment for me in the future , ' camile added , dressed in green shorts and a white top . ' wow , it was great . i would like to speak to him more , chat longer . ' 