a waterfall gushing over the harbour bridge , a man surfing waves in front of the opera house and a crocodile stalking flood water inside a train station are just a few of the fake photos to emerge from the sydney storm . social media users were left scratching their heads over some of the manipulated snaps being shared during new south wales’ worst storm in a decade , including an image of a family-sized trampoline caught on power lines . while there were many genuine dramatic photos to emerge from the devastating storm , such as torn up roads and floating houses , not all of them were quite what they seemed . a waterfall gushing over sydney 's iconic harbour bridge while two people watched on was just one photoshop photo to come out of new south wales ' worst storm in a decade . in lewisham , a suburb in the inner west of sydney , an unlikely visitor was spotted in the flood water at the train station . eagle-eyed twitter users pointed out that the large trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone-strength gusts in nsw was actually a victim of hurricane sandy in milford , connecticut , usa . the crocodile at the bottom of the steps in lewisham station was merely an imaginative prank , as was a reused photoshop snap of sharks swimming at the bottom of a train station escalator . and the video of a wave rider surfing in front of sydney’s opera house was nothing but a hoax – even when it started trending for a second time . the clip was uploaded to twitter on tuesday morning by popular sydney radio duo fitzy and wippa , before quickly being reposted by a spell of other sources . a hoax video showing a wave rider surfing in front of the sydney 's opera house was trending not once but twice . eagle-eyed twitter users pointed out that the large trampoline believed to have blown into the sky in the cyclone-strength gusts in nsw was actually a victim of hurricane sandy in milford , connecticut , usa . the more unbelievable photoshop jobs included a photo of noah’s ark majestically cruising into sydney harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop and a bondi house with sand pouring through its doors . the bondi prank came after sand was blown over the famous beachside suburb’s promenade and skate park in real life photos . in other jaw-dropping pictures , the storm water in sydney’s cbd had submerged the opera house and knocked over the giant office blocks on the harbour’s front while a helicopter rescued a person from the flood . and in a nod to the # umbrellageddon hashtag that emerged on social media as sydneysiders posted photos of their umbrellas destroyed and abandoned in the gutters , one reddit user shared a picture of soldiers in the marine corps war memorial in arlington , virginia , holding up an umbrella instead of the american flag . in one of the more unbelievable photoshop jobs noah’s ark majestically cruises into sydney harbour amidst a grey stormy backdrop . a couple of great whites were left stranded at the bottom of a train station escalator in this imaginative photoshop image . photoshop master godwin grech posted a series of manipulated photos on twitter , including this image of destruction with the caption : ' # sydneystorm is getting pretty serious now ' . a bondi house was pictured with sand pouring through its doors after sand was blown over the famous beachside suburb’s promenade and skate park in real life photos . the storm water in sydney 's cbd had submerged the opera house forcing a person to be rescued by helicopter in this photo . and in a nod to the # umbrellageddon hashtag that emerged on social media as sydneysiders posted photos of their umbrellas destroyed , one reddit user shared a picture of soldiers in the marine corps war memorial in arlington , virginia , holding up an umbrella instead of the american flag .