ed miliband’s son has inadvertently waded into the row about the labour leader’s kitchen as he declared it ‘ the best’ in his house . the unwitting admission from five-year-old daniel , to be broadcast tonight , came as mr miliband yet again wheeled out his children for the cameras . it is the fourth time they have appeared on screen during the campaign – once for a bbc profile , again for an interview on itv’s good morning britain , a third time for a campaign visit in blackpool over easter , and again this evening on itv . scroll down for video . kitchen sink dramas : ed miliband and his family in the kitchen that has caused so much controversy . child 's play : mr miliband 's son daniel ( left ) has inadvertently waded into the row about ' two kitchens ' ed . the comment was made during an itv interview in which the milibands , including wife justine ( right ) , cook eggs . but the move somewhat backfires as his eldest son tells the camera the spartan kitchen – that last month sparked such controversy for mr miliband – is the ‘best’ in the £2.7million home . and it led to accusations that mr miliband lives an ‘ upstairs , downstairs’ lifestyle last night as he was forced to admit that he needs two kitchens because the family nanny lives in the basement of his london ‘mansion’ . however , mr miliband , who is filmed attempting to make scrambled eggs , claims controversy about his kitchen ‘ makes me laugh’ . he tells itv’s political editor tom bradby : ‘ this is the kitchen we use , i mean there’s a kitchen downstairs . our nanny lives downstairs and it’s sort of a basement area , a basement flat . she uses the kitchen downstairs and we use this kitchen . ’ but the revelation that he keeps the help downstairs will do little to bolster mr miliband’s claim that he is in touch with struggling families . tory mp julian smith : ‘ this exposes ed miliband for the hypocrite and champagne socialist that he is . he claims he is on the side of working people but the reality is his home life is like a scene from upstairs , downstairs . ’ daniel , miliband 's eldest son , tells the camera the spartan kitchen – that last month sparked such controversy for mr miliband – is the ‘best’ in the £2.7million home . in a personal interview with itv’s tonight programme , mr miliband also brushes aside controversy about embarrassing pictures last year of him struggling to eat a bacon sandwich . but mr bradby reveals he has been asked not to film mrs miliband eating the eggs her husband has cooked . the labour leader indicates that spin chiefs have also told him not to be filmed eating , saying : ‘ apparently i’m not allowed to eat them . ’ mr miliband’s kitchen hit the headlines last month when he was filmed in it by the bbc . in the personal interview , mr miliband also brushes aside controversy about embarrassing pictures last year of him struggling to eat a bacon sandwich ( pictured ) . critics questioned whether the small , utilitarian room could really be the main kitchen in a large north london home that will qualify as a ‘mansion’ for the purposes of labour’s proposed mansion tax . times columnist and miliband family friend jenni russell then intervened to say that the home’s real kitchen is ‘lovely’ . she said the room in which mr miliband was filmed was a ‘ functional kitchenette by the sitting room for tea and quick snacks’ . mr miliband’s decision to again make prominent use of his sons daniel and samuel , four , to bolster his image is also likely to raise eyebrows . the boys are seen playing in a park and heard chatting with their parents . david and samantha cameron have allowed much more limited media access to their children . a labour source said : ‘ justine and the children are the most important people in ed’s life and it is right that the public see he is a father and a family man . ’ 