the vaccine , known as rts , s , took 30 years to develop but it is now hoped it can be used to save millions of lives . a new jab against malaria could prevent millions of cases , scientists claim . researchers say the vaccine , which has just completed the final stages of testing , could make a ‘ substantial contribution’ to controlling the disease . drug firm glaxosmithkline has applied for a licence from the european medicines agency ( ema ) for the rts , s vaccine . the news is significant because rts , s is the first malaria vaccine to reach advanced trials . tests were carried out on 15,500 toddlers and babies in sub-saharan africa . among those who had three doses of rts , s and a booster shot , the number of clinical cases of malaria – those confirmed by a doctor – was reduced by 36 per cent after four years . but the protection waned over time , boosters worked less well than the initial dose and the vaccine was not as effective in younger children , a report in the lancet journal says . scientists have worked on the vaccine for more than 20 years – at a cost of more than £330million , but experts say there is a long way to go . there is no licensed vaccine against malaria anywhere in the world and researchers say they are hopeful the results will be sufficient for rts , s to gain a licence from the ema.the world health organisation could then recommend its use by october this year . in the trials , an average of 1,363 cases of clinical malaria were prevented over four years for every 1,000 children vaccinated , and 1,774 cases in those who also received a booster . over three years , an average 558 cases were averted for every 1,000 infants vaccinated , and 983 cases in those also given a booster dose . professor brian greenwood , the study’s author and professor of clinical tropical medicine at the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , said : ‘ despite the falling efficacy over time , there is still a clear benefit from rts , s . ‘ given that there were an estimated 198million malaria cases in 2013 , this level of efficacy potentially translates into millions of cases of malaria in children being prevented . ’ but he said he was ‘disappointed’ by the results of the clinical trials , adding : ‘ i hoped the vaccine would be more effective , but we were never going to end up with the success seen in measles vaccines , with 97 per cent efficacy . ’ the shot , which is designed to be used by children in africa , could be approved by october , making it the first approved vaccine for the world 's most deadly disease . the disease is difficult to treat because the malaria parasite has a complicated life cycle and has learned how to evade the human immune system over hundreds of years . the latest world health organisation figures show that of the 198million cases in 2013 , 584,000 people died . most victims are children in africa , where one dies every minute . currently , the most effective prevention measure is the use of mosquito nets . the trial involved 15,459 infants aged six to 12 weeks and children aged five to 17 months from burkina faso , gabon , ghana , kenya , malawi , mozambique and tanzania . bloodsucker : a mosquito . only female mosquitos can transmit malaria .