a bizarre tale of torture and amnesia is set to unfold in a queensland court on monday . the case involves a man from central queensland who has been charged with torture , after another man went to hospital suffering fractures , head injuries and burns . officers arrested a 32-year-old man from suburban kepnock who will appear at bundaberg magistrates court on monday on charges including grievous bodily harm , deprivation of liberty and torture . on saturday a 29-year-old man was admitted to bundaberg hospital ( pictured ) suffering from fractures , head injuries and burns . an investigation was launched on saturday when a 29-year-old man went to bundaberg hospital . initial police inquiries were to do with the theft of the man’s car . however , after observing his injuries at the hospital , police started their own investigation despite the victim claiming to have amnesia and that he could not remember what happened to him . police claim that the offences took place between march 20 to march 27 . the victim was taken to hospital on march 28 , with burns to 15 per cent of his body . the 32-year-old accused from suburban kepnock is due to appear at bundaberg magistrates court ( pictured ) on monday . ‘ the man reported to police on saturday that his vehicle had been stolen , ’ a queensland police spokesman told daily mail australia . ‘ police then went to the hospital to make inquiries about that when they saw his injuries and commenced further investigations . ‘ the victim is claiming to have amnesia . that’s what he told police , but they were able to charge the other man because they had solid evidence . while in bundaberg hospital ( pictured ) the victim claimed to be suffering from amnesia . ' it was not ( based on ) what the victim could remember . the two men also know each other . ‘ police carried out their own investigation and were able to charge the other man . ’ police say the victim had been assaulted at mount perry , about 100 kilometres west of bundaberg . 