the green party this morning pledged an end to austerity - with a £90 billion a year spending splurge . the green party today demanded an end austerity with a radical £176 billion a year spending splurge - paying for everything from free prescriptions to organic school dinners for all . state pensions would be increased by more than £60 a week , child benefit doubled , tuition fees scrapped and train fares cut by 10 per cent . the party also pledged to pump an extra £12billion a year into the nhs from day one , introduce universal free elderly care and nationalise the railways . but its election manifesto also revealed a host of left-field pledges - including a ' complete ban ' on cages for hens and rabbits , an end to whips in horse racing and mandatory ' equality and diversity lessons ' at school . immigrants will also be given free english classes , while fruit and vegetables will be subsidised and children will be kept out of school until they are seven . green party leader natalie bennett , unveiling her party 's manifesto this morning , defended her ' vision of a fair economy ' . she said : ' that fair economy demands the end to austerity . it demands we restore and enhance the essential public services we all but particularly the most vulnerable . ' ms bennett 's list of policy pledges will see government spending rise by £89 billion next year - and by £176billion by the end of the parliament . the extra spending would see an extra £11 billion going on debt interest . under the party 's proposal , an extra £198 billion of taxes will be introduced to pay for the raft of giveaways – worth an extra £6,600 for every taxpayer in the uk . scroll down for video . green party leader natalie bennett and mp caroline lucas unveiled the green party general election campaigning at the arcola theatre , in london , this morning . green party leader natalie bennett , unveiling her party 's manifesto this morning , defended her ' vision of a fair economy ' . the new taxes include £25 billion in new ' wealth taxes ' , levied at two per cent of the entire estate of someone worth £3million or more . it means someone with £10 million in assets would pay an extra £200,000 a year . ms bennett also proposed hitting those earning £150,000 or more with a new 60 per cent tax rate . there would also be a ' robin hood tax ' on financial transactions and a promise to close tax loopholes . corporation tax would rise to 30 per cent with duties on cigarettes and alcohol increasing by £1.4bn every year . the party would save cash by scrapping £15 billion of road improvement works . instead the railways will be renationalised , a move the greens claim will save £1 billion a year . some £8 billion will be spent cutting public transport fares and hs2 will be scrapped . tuition fees will be scrapped at a cost of £4.5 billion , while school funding will be increased by £7 billion . grammar schools will be turned into comprehensives and the ‘cruel’ bedroom tax abolished . ms bennett told activists next month 's election was a landmark for the party . she said it was a ' new kind of politics ' where the economy and society could be run for the many and not the few . the leader said : ' it sees the end of the disastrous policy of austerity that is making the poor , the disadvantaged and the young pay for the greed and the fraud of the bankers . ' this is a vision that is exciting increasing numbers of britons . ' turning to her jobs policy , ms bennett said : ' that fair economy demands every worker is paid a living wage . it is really not a radical statement to say that if you work full time you should earn enough money to live on . the party 's manifesto listed a series of radical policies , including an extra £12billion for the nhs , free social care for the elderly , the nationalisation of the railways and an end to tuition fees . ' and yet we are the only uk party who is saying the minimum wage should immediately be lifted to a living wage and should reach £10 an hour by 2020 . ' the green leader said protection of the nhs was at the heart of the party 's election offer as she vowed to strip all private operators from the organisation . she said the ' expensive , destructive ' market would be removed from the health service . ms bennett said : ' behind that is an understanding of what privatisation has really meant for so many of our public services . ' it 's meant the cutting of the pay and conditions of workers , it 's meant the cutting of the quality of services and it has meant the shovelling of public money into private hands . ' other policies include re-nationalising the railways and policies to tackle climate change .