the classic denial , ' this old thing ? ' continues to be used in full force by australians , according to a new study . a staggering 1.2 million either possess a secret credit card of hide purchases from their partner . according to new research , one in ten cardholders , or an estimated 800,000 australians , also admit their credit card spending has lead to an argument with a partner . put it on plastic : a new study of australians ' spending habits reveals that 1.2 million either have a secret credit card or hide purchases from a partner . the study of 1,200 cardholders by creditcardfinder.com.au found that the biggest culprits of covert credit behaviour are women . 17 per cent will hide their credit card spending , versus 14 per cent of men . it is n't just women keeping mum either , generation y ( aged 18-34 ) were found to be the least trustworthy of the age categories when it came to their credit card spending . 25 per cent of gen y were found to either have a secret credit card or hidden purchases , well above other age groups . this old thing ? 17 per cent will hide their credit card spending , versus 14 per cent of men . they were also likely to be the most argumentative about their spending , versus baby boomers who had a much clearer concious and were n't likely to hide their spending or argue about it . crafty card holding habits also varied between states too . those in new south wales were found to argue over their spending more than western australians . however , victorians had the most cunning credit card behaviour with 18 per cent admitting to a secret credit card versus the 9 per cent of queenslanders . the stats : one in three don’t pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase per month . generational : 25 per cent of gen y were found to either have a secret credit card or hidden purchases . yet , when it comes to spending habits across the board , credit card holders were found to have a penchant for purchasing over paying back . one in three don’t pay off their bill each month and 96 per cent make at least one unplanned purchase a month , with shopping sprees being the most common transaction . with the latest reserve bank australia research showing australians currently owe a net worth of over $ 50.1 billion across 16 million credit cards , it then comes at no surprise card holders are hiding their habits .