sleepy kid : brock guzman , 8 , was last seen inside his parents silver 2001 toyota corolla . authorities said the northern california boy fell asleep in the backseat of the car and was kidnapped when the vehicle was stolen . an eight-year-old boy who took a snooze in the backseat of his family 's car , apparently slept through his own kidnapping after the car was stolen from in front of his home . brock guzman was found safe and well about two miles away from his northern californian home in the abandoned car following a frantic search for him . police said a hapless car thief likely stole the 2001 toyota corolla after the boy 's father left it running and briefly unattended in front of his home . but the car thief clearly did n't notice the boy curled up on the backseat fast asleep as he sped away with the vehicle . the boy 's father said he had placed brock in the corolla at around 4:45 a.m. , and started the engine . he then went back into the house in fairfield to get some belongings and his older son , who attends school 40 miles away in napa . however , when the father went back outside , the car was gone and an unfamiliar bicycle lay nearby . in a blind panic , he hopped into another family vehicle and sped off in search of the corolla . the boy 's mother frantically called 911 , and authorities issued an amber alert . less than four hours later , a resident called police and said the car was parked in their neighborhood . when officers cautiously approached it at around 8:15 a.m. , the suspect was gone and brock was still asleep . he was not injured . fairfield police officer kathryn mccormick said : ' we do n't know for sure if he slept through the whole thing , but it looks that way . we hope that was the case . ' police do not have a description of the suspect and say it appears that the thief did not know the child was sleeping in the backseat . ' at this point , we are investigating this as a crime of opportunity , ' mccormick said . car theft : according to police , a hapless thief likely stole the 2001 toyota , similar to the model of car pictured here , after the boy 's father left it running and briefly unattended and did n't notice him inside .