a museum in hawaii is preparing to open a treasure-trove of artifacts from the shipwreck of a royal yacht sunk off the coast of kauai 191 years ago . richard rogers , a hawaii shipwreck chaser , worked with scientists from the smithsonian institution to dredge up the findings from the ship owned by king kamehameha ii , aka liholiho , the second king of hawaii . ' we found gold , silver , hawaiian poi pounders , gemstones , a boat whistle , knives , forks , mica , things from all over the world , high- and low-end european stuff . every bit of it is royal treasure , ' rogers said . finally returned home : artifacts that belonged to the second king of hawaii but that sunk on a ship in 1824 are now being returned to kauai and will go on display at the local museum . seen here is a cupid furniture mount that belonged to king kamehameha ii , aka liholiho . shipwreck : the sunken yacht , which became known as ' pride of hawaii ' , was 83-feet-long and considered the first luxury ocean-going yacht in the united states when it sunk just off kauai in april 1824 . sunken : this image provided by the smithsonian institution 's national museum of american history shows a diagram of the wreckage of the stern of the ship belonging to king kamehameha ii . retrieved : among the artifacts found by divers between 1995 and 2001 were this vegetal ivory finger ring . rogers volunteered his time aboard his research vessel , the pilialoha , over a five year period in four-week intervals from 1995 to 2001 to pull up the treasures . ' it 's all pickled and nice and ready to be displayed , ' rogers said . ' there are over a thousand artifacts . we did our homework and this find is invaluable because it all belonged to the king . it is a fabulous window into the 1820s . ' rogers said the king 's belongings were buried in 10 feet of water and 10 feet of sand . his favorite discovery was a trumpet shell . ' i found it under a bunch of sand and carried it onto the deck . this was in 1999 . i blew it and it made the most beautiful sound going out over hanalei bay , ' rogers recalled . ' i thought about how it had n't been blown in over 170 years . ' kamehameha ii purchased the yacht from george crowninshield ii , who named it ' cleopatra 's barge ' in 1816 . according to historian and kauai museum volunteer zenon wong , it cost $ 50,000 to build the 192 ton yacht . rogers said it was the first luxury ocean-going yacht built in the united states . collection : a sampling of hawaiian artifacts found in the wreckage . at the center is the royal pu , or conch horn . around it are ulu maika game stones , pounders , canoe breakers , and a stone rubber . wong said reports were conflicting about the condition of the crew of the 83-foot long ship , which had been renamed ha ? aheo o hawai ? i ( ' pride of hawaii ' ) . some documents indicate everyone on board was drunk april 6 , 1824 , when the ship went aground on a shallow reef . other historical accounts report everyone was intoxicated except the captain . the cause of the wreck is unfounded but speculation shows it may have been the combination of an unexpected wind gale and a snapped anchor cable . there are no reports that anyone died aboard the ship , which was crewed entirely by hawaiians . the principal value of the artifacts is historical , said paul f. johnston , ph.d. , curator of maritime history at the national museum of american history smithsonian institution . they represent the only known objects from the short but intense reign of kamehameha ii , the man who abolished the hawaiian kapu ( taboo ) socio-cultural system and allowed christian missionaries into the kingdom . precious : pictured here is a gunpowder flask found in the wreckage of a ship belonging to king kamehameha ii . ' he only reigned from 1819 -1824 , but old hawaii changed forever and irrevocably from the changes he put into place during that short period . he was an important member of our nation 's only authentic royalty , ' johnston said . the state of hawaii owns the artifacts and loaned them to the smithsonian for conservation and study . t . he findings were in the custody of the smithsonian from the time of their recovery , with the exception of some artifacts going to the underwater conservation lab at texas a & m university . those objects were returned to the smithsonian after cataloging , conservation and stabilization . several years ago a sampling of the artifacts were displayed at the smithsonian . damaged : pictured here are fragments from dutch case gin bottles that were on the ship . four crates of recovered artifacts weighing nearly 1,200 pounds were delivered to the kauai museum in march . two to three additional crates are scheduled for delivery and will complete the collection . kauai museum director jane gray said she expects to open the crates soon and unveil the contents to the public after everything has been carefully unpacked .