with luxury plane suites pushing the boundaries of lavish travel , the upstairs-downstairs-style divide between economy and suites is continually growing . and now airbus is set to introduce an extra seat to each row of its airbus a380 model , squeezing yet more passengers onto each plane . from 2017 there will be 11 seats incorporated into the same space as the current 10 are placed , and a fourth class introduced in response to the new dreaded middle seat . scroll down for video . tight squeeze ! airbus are set to cram an extra seat into their airbus 380 in the middle section . the change is due to come into place in 2017 . the configuration was rejected by emirates but two manufacturers , zodiac and geven , have agreed to deliver the seats . the addition of the centre seat will change the current configuration from 3-4-3 to become a 3-5-3 set up . at the moment the company uses first , business and economy class , but there will soon be the addition of ' budget economy ' , cleverly branded as choice economy . some critics have gone as far as calling the new set-up ' economy minus ' . senior vice president of marketing for airbus christopher emerson , told trade publication leeham news and comment : ' ninety per cent of world travellers are economy but not all are homogeneous . ' we want to give a choice to the 90 per cent of the economy passengers . they are going to be the driver of the growth , the doubling of growth in the next 15 years . ' miraculously the inclusion of an additional seat will not alter the seat width for economy ticket holders . currently the width is 18in , which falls in line with the aircraft manufacturer 's manifesto 18 months ago to adopt that size as an industry standard . airbus claims a rearrange of the cabin has enabled it to maintain this width and squeeze in the extra seat . the width of the arm rest , however , will change , with the aircraft adopting a slimmer version . the launch was announced in hamburg this week , despite customer emirates airlines confirming it would not pursue the new arrangement for its aircraft - reportedly over fears the new design could affect its reputation for quality economy seating , according to trade publication aviation week . airbus vice president-cabin innovation and design ingo wuggetzer said at the aircraft interiors expo that more innovation should be going into economy cabins . ' in the past most innovation went into premium products , but that is only for six per cent of the travellers , ' he said . the airbus a380 will be advertised as having 544 seats instead of 525 , and emerson said the additional revenue per aircraft would be $ 20m per year . ' that 's the equivalent of 40 per cent fuel burn reduction , ' he explained . how the other half live ! rich fliers can enjoy private three-room suite for a luxurious first-class experience . luxury surroundings : the airbus 380 cabin is one of the quietest and most spacious in the sky . 