andrew hutchinson was reported to the hospital trust where he worked for indecent behaviour five years before being convicted of sexual offences . bosses at a hospital where a male nurse sexually assaulted patients were warned of his predatory behaviour five years before he was convicted of 23 different offences against patients . andrew hutchinson raped two patients while they were under general anaesthetic and assaulted others at john radcliffe hospital oxford where he worked in the a & e department between 2011 and 2013 . the 29-year-old was convicted of 23 separate charges last month including making indecent images of children , outraging public decency and voyeurism . he was taken into custody at oxford crown court and is due to be sentenced next week . it has since emerged that an earlier complaint about the nurse was made to bosses at oxford university hospitals trust . in 2009 a student nurse reported hutchinson as having taken inappropriate photographs at the hospital . but the hospital did n't report it to police as they said there was not sufficient evidence to suggest whether there was grounds for a complaint . instead bosses only mentioned it to authorities after being told of more serious allegations hutchinson was facing . after his conviction , oxford university hospitals trust said it was first made aware of any alleged sexual misconduct when contacted by police in 2014 . in a statement spokesman susan brown said : ' november 2014 thames valley police requested a meeting with the trust and at the meeting informed oxford university hospitals about the images they had found and that they believed some were taken on trust property . ' this is the first time that the oxford university hospitals were aware of the serious allegations of sexual assault , voyeurism and rape that took place in our hospital . ' when contacted by mailonline this afternoon ms brown said the ' important ' thing was that the trust reported the 2009 complaint after being made aware of the more serious charges . hutchinson was reported to police separately after being caught filming women as they changed their clothes at the white horse leisure centre in abingdon . after searching his home police discovered photographs and video footage of him abusing women in the hospital . some of his victims were unconscious at the time . cctv footage from the leisure centre where hutchinson preyed on women as they changed shows the nurse walking through its lobby . staff at oxford university hospitals chose not to investigate the complaint made against hutchinson while he was working at john radcliffe hospital ( above ) . in 2010 oliver balicao , another male nurse at the hospital , was jailed for raping two female patients . one of his victims self-harmed after learning what had happened to her while she was under general anaesthetic . in 2010 oliver balicao , another male nurse at the hospital , was jailed for raping two female patients . as a result of the attacks , unconscious patients are now treated in an open area , a hospital source revealed . during a trial at oxford crown court it was heard how hutchinson had preyed on victims aged between 10 and 35 . the nurse stole one of the hospital 's cameras to be able to film up the skirt of a woman as she visited her sick friend and had become ' addicted ' to spying on women and children , it was claimed . once arrested police discovered more than 1,700 indecent images on his computer and phone . he will be sentenced at oxford crown court on april 27 .  