rickie fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater who accused his girlfriend of being a ' gold digger . ' the golfer 's girlfriend , bikini model alexis randock , had posted a photo on her instagram account of her and sister nicole on the beach last week . the photo was shared with her 25,000 followers , which included an abusive commenter known as ' fatalsplash ' who was quick to judge and accused alexis of being a ' gold digger . ' rickie fowler 's girlfriend and bikini model alexis randock poses for a picture with her sister nicole . randock ( centre ) was criticised by an online troll for not working due to her relationship with fowler ( right ) . fowler has earned extra brownie points with his growing legion of fans after calling out an online hater . a troll called ' fatalsplash ' then accused alexis of being a ' gold digger ' who did n't have to work . ' must be nice getting s*** free in life and not have to work for it , ' he posted . it was n't long before fowler came to his girlfriend 's defence and responded to the troll that he ' might want to get your facts straight before you talk to my girl friend like that ' , reports the golf channel . alexis also was n't shy about standing up for herself . ' that 's hilarious . i work my butt off to be able to fully support myself in nyc , i 'm out here grinding to live a nice life , ' she posted . fowler received a number of positive comments from other posters who commended him on standing up for his girlfriend . ' fatalsplash ' - who has since changed his user name to - ' @ dont_hava_usename ' - was roundly criticised , being called a moron and accused of working at mcdonald 's . the troll even attempted to backtrack by offering alexis congratulations for supporting herself . fowler told the hater to ' get your facts straight ' , while alexis informed him that she worked her ' butt off ' . fowler received a number of comments from posters who commended him on standing up for his girlfriend . 