budget airline easyjet has been charging stranded customers a £10 fee for proof that their flight was cancelled . the charge came to light when customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after french air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month . they were asked to provide an airline letter confirming the cancellation , but easyjet told its hard-hit passengers to pay a £10 fee . scroll down for video . compensation : the charge came to light when easyjet customers sought to claim money back from travel insurers after french air-traffic strikes affected flights earlier this month . above , file image . the association of european airlines confirmed last night that no other airline has attempted to charge for this and said customers should not be charged . however , a spokesman for easyjet defended the airline’s position , saying : ‘ the administration charge for the letter is applied because each letter has to be individually researched and created for each passenger . ’ in an email seen by the mail in response to one customer’s request , easyjet’s customer service team said : ‘ we can certainly send you a letter to help you claim on your insurance , that’s not a problem . ‘ there is a small administration fee of 10gbp for the letter , which you should be able to claim back through your insurer . ’ there were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across europe this month following the 48-hour strike by french air-traffic controllers . easyjet is france’s second-largest airline and cancelled 588 flights over the two days . the airline launched ‘ rescue flights’ to repatriate holidaymakers and children stranded abroad . ryanair cancelled 500 flights while british airways and flybe cancelled fewer than 50 each . travel chaos : there were delays and 1,000 flight cancellations across europe this month following the 48-hour strike by french air-traffic controllers . pictured , passengers queue for check-in at stansted airport . and flight cancellations have risen by a fifth in the first quarter of 2015 as services were hit by poor weather as well as the strikes . there were 5,080 cancellations in the first three months of 2015 compared to 4,239 in the same period last year . the number of delayed flights increased by 7 per cent with 2,427 hold-ups compared to 2,260 . monarch had the greatest increase in delays – 30 per cent – with 64 incidents , according to figures from compensation firm euclaim . strikes : ryanair cancelled 500 flights while british airways and flybe cancelled fewer than 50 each . above , a flight information board at charles de gaulle airport in paris , where several flights were cancelled . easyjet has seen a 19 per cent increase with 245 delays in the first four months of this year compared to 206 last year . the euclaim report said : ‘ there are two main reasons for the poor start to the year . firstly the winter weather across europe has been worse than 2014 this particularly affected jet2 , easyjet and monarch who suffered considerable delays on their routes to chambery and grenoble in france . ‘ the second cause has been the number of strikes in europe . the four-day lufthansa strike resulted in some 116 cancelled flights to the uk , strikes by italian air traffic controllers and security staff in germany has also compounded the problem . ’