audi has created a so-called ' green ' diesel fuel made using a combination of water and carbon dioxide . the car manufacturer described its breakthrough as the ' fuel of the future ' and claims it could provide a carbon neutral way of powering vehicles . experts used renewable energy to convert carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ' blue crude ' , which was then refined into diesel . scroll down for video . audi claims to have created the fuel of the future - diesel ( shown above ) made from water and carbon dioxide . experts used renewable energy to convert the carbon dioxide and water into a form of crude oil known as ' blue crude ' , which was then refined into diesel . tests have shown it can be mixed with diesel from fossil fuels , or used as a fuel in its own right . audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of german minister of education and research dr johanna wanka . reiner mangold , head of sustainable product development at audi , said : ' in developing audi e-diesel we are promoting another fuel based on carbon dioxide that will allow long‑distance mobility with virtually no impact on the climate . audi 's fuel was developed with sunfire , a dresden-based energy technology company . to make the fuel , water is first heated to form steam which is then broken down into its constituent hydrogen and oxygen using high-temperature electrolysis . by performing this process at temperatures above 800°c ( 1,472°f ) , the water breaks down with greater efficiency than at room temperature . the hydrogen is then pumped into a reactor with carbon dioxide at high pressure and high temperatures . this causes them to react to produce long-chained liquid hydrocarbons . hydrocarbons are the basic building block of all fossil fuels , but the compounds produced in the reactor are known as ' blue crude ' . audi claims the whole process can be powered using renewable energy and can be achieved with an efficiency of around 70 % . the blue crude can then be refined in a similar way to standard crude oil to produce e-diesel . ' using carbon dioxide as a raw material represents an opportunity not just for the automotive industry in germany , but also to transfer the principle to other sectors and countries . ' the new fuel was developed by audi along with sunfire , a dresden-based energy technology company . to make the fuel , water is first heated to form steam , which is then broken down into its constituent hydrogen and oxygen using high-temperature electrolysis . by performing this process at temperatures above 800°c ( 1,472°f ) , the water breaks down with greater efficiency than at room temperature . the hydrogen is then pumped into a reactor with carbon dioxide at high pressure and high temperatures . this causes them to react to produce long-chained liquid hydrocarbons . hydrocarbons are the basic building block of all fossil fuels but the compounds produced in the reactor are known as ' blue crude ' . audi claims the whole process can be powered using renewable energy and can be achieved with an efficiency of around 70 per cent . the blue crude can then be refined in a similar way to standard crude oil to produce e-diesel . water is heated to form steam , which is broken down into hydrogen and oxygen using electrolysis . hydrogen is pumped into a reactor with carbon dioxide at high pressure and high temperatures and causes them to react to produce liquid hydrocarbons , known as ' blue crude ' . hydrocarbons form the base of fossil fuels . audi added that the synthetic fuel does not contain sulphur or hydrocarbon rings – known as aromatic hydrocarbons – which are found in crude oil and can create additional pollution . a breakthrough was recently made in the development of clean hydrogen power . currently , while hydrogen fuel is appealing , the production of hydrogen is incredible difficult - requiring huge amounts of energy . but the researchers say they have made a new material that can generate hydrogen from water , meaning it is less reliant on fossil fuels . researchers at the university of bath and yale university have designed a molecular catalyst to split water in an electrolyser and create clean and storable hydrogen fuel . the approach increases the efficiency of electrolysis of water into its constituent parts by reducing the amount of energy needed to perform the oxidation half of the reaction . christian von olshausen , chief technology officer at sunfire , said the fuel was highly combustible and produced less pollution than traditional diesel . he said : ' the engine runs quieter and fewer pollutants are being created . ' a special processing plant has been built in dresden reick and is set to produce 3,000 litres of e-diesel in the coming months . the carbon dioxide is currently supplied by a biogas facility as a byproduct . audi said it also extracts carbon dioxide from the ambient air using ' direct air capturing ' . burning of fossil fuels is the main source of carbon dioxide emissions by humans into the atmosphere and is driving global warming . by capturing emissions from power plants and removing it from the air , audi says its new fuel can be used without adding to the burden of gas in the atmosphere . the project is the latest attempt by audi to produce more environmentally friendly fuels for its vehicles . audi has already begun using the new e-diesel to power the official car of german minister of education and research dr johanna wanka . the minister is pictured testing the new fuel in her official car . in 2009 it announced a project to produce e-gas - a form of synthetic methane – for use in its g-tron gas powered vehicles . at the launch of the new e-diesel , dr wanka put five litres of the fuel into her official audi a8 . she said : ' this synthetic diesel , made using carbon dioxide , is a huge success for our sustainability research . ' if we can make widespread use of carbon dioxide as a raw material , we will make a crucial contribution to climate protection and the efficient use of resources , and put the fundamentals of the `` green economy '' in place . '