the family of a two-year-old boy shot and killed in his home have been left outraged after a local newspaper used his death for a political cartoon about gun culture . kaden lum was gunned down in bremerton , washington , on march 28 , in front of his mother by an unidentified suspect who is still on the run . heather kelso , who was sharing a room with the youngster 's mother , jalisa , was also killed while a neighbor visiting at the time was shot in the abdomen . just two weeks on from the horrific incident , the kitsap sun printed the controversial illustration on their opinion page . it depicts kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle sam . kaden lum was gunned down by an unidentified suspect at his home in bremerton , washington , on march 28 . the controversial cartoon depicts kaden as an angel next to a caricature of a devil dressed as uncle sam . the wording above the cartoon of the boy reads : ' since kaden is an angel , then… ' while ' america 's gun culture ' is written over the top of the devil . the boy 's grandfather believes the decision to print the cartoon , designed by veteran cartoonist milt priggee , was in ' bad taste ' . jason trammell , 51 , told king 5-tv that he has probably cried more times in the last fortnight than he has in 40 years . he said : ' it was in very bad taste . it was disrespectful and it was not in line with honoring my grandson 's memory . the editor of the paper , dave nelson , defended the decision in an op-ed . ' the intent behind our commentary might be to provoke thought , but it should n't be to harm , ' he wrote . ' i do n't believe milt [ priggee ] was intending to hurt a family , though i acknowledge the pain that 's followed . it 's a tough one . in the cartoon , kaden was portrayed as an angel . the boy 's heartbroken father james trammell ( right ) questioned what person had the ' audacity ' to shoot a child and then run away . the boy 's mother jalisa lum was also inside the home at the time of the shooting and desperatley tried to shield her son . she was not hurt . ' that portrayal is n't hurtful . you see a precious angel that a family lost and who our community should n't forget , just like we should n't forget the vexing problems that lead to tragedy . ' he added that there had been a range of reactions to the illustration . the most emotional however was from kaden 's family who met nelson to express their disgust . ' the strongest [ reaction ] was from a few family members of kaden , who monday and again tuesday spoke with me in person passionately , angrily and with despair over the loss of the little boy and their feelings toward the cartoon and the kitsap sun , ' nelson wrote . ' i understand their anger , and i 'm sorry that something we published led to more sorrow in a difficult time . ' would things have been different if the cartoon published a week later , after more time to heal ? if the baby was n't illustrated so accurately ? ' was there another way to make the same point ? that 's what i 've wrestled with , as i have with other editorial cartoons that i 've declined to run over the years when one crossed a line . police ( pictured at the scene in the aftermath of the shooting ) have not made any arrests in the case and do not have any suspects . ' it happens more often than you 'd think . ' milt priggee speaks for himself through his cartoons , it 's my job to decide whether to publish them . it 's my job to hear the complaints , occasionally the praise , and publish the opposing viewpoints as well . ' it 's everyone 's job to keep having conversations that might be difficult and to pray and offer thoughts for a family and a community that 's still hurting . ' kaden 's mother , jalisa lum , was desperately trying to shield her son from the gunman when he was shot , it is reported . she was not hurt in the gunfire and later told police that she did not know the attacker . she told fox 13 : ' there are no words to describe what has been taken away . ' i grabbed the baby because i didn’t know where the gunshots were coming from , and i dove to the ground and held him . ' the boy 's heartbroken father , james trammell , told fox 13 : ' you spend all this time bringing your son up , watching him progress . then all of sudden , somebody comes and just takes it all away . ' ' he [ the suspect ] took a baby from us , and took the mother of another child , ' he added . ' what person has the audacity to pull something like that and then run ? ' a friend of the family carisa gibson has set up a gofundme page to help the boy 's parents cover the funeral costs . it has raised nearly $ 7,000 .