some of us do n't like to hit the bar before midday , but when your drink is poured by a robot bartender you make an exception - even when mine jerks suddenly and i fear a malfunction . but , hang on a minute , it 's simply giving my margarita a good shake . pouring drinks is only one of these bartenders ' tricks . in the evening , they dance to music . scroll down for video . new attraction : the enormous anthem of the seas is set to welcome more than 80,000 people on board this summer . making waves : an instructor demonstrates the flowrider wave machine on board royal caribbean 's ship , anthem of the seas . the bionic bar is among many hi-tech gimmicks on board the 4,180-passenger anthem of the seas , royal caribbean 's second quantum-class liner , which last week set sail on its maiden voyage . passengers have rubber wristbands fitted with electronic chips , which can be pressed against various sensors . i use mine as a room key , to make payments and to check my itinerary on handy tablets around the ship . the 375 interior staterooms also have sea views from virtual balconies — window-sized led screens showing real-time footage shot by exterior cameras . this ship is clearly aimed at younger cruisers . the indoor seaplex activity area ( the largest of its kind at sea ) has bumper cars , a roller disco and circus school . there 's also an observation capsule ( another first ) , which swoops out over the ship , a flowrider wave machine for surfing and body­ boarding , and ripcord by ifly - a vertical wind tunnel for skydiving at sea . i 'll have a caipirinha , please : robotic bartenders mix and serve cocktails in the decidedly futuristic bionic bar . fairground thrills : adrenaline junkies will also be able to enjoy the bumper cars as part of an amazing variety of entertainment . take a seat : the music hall on the anthem of the seas is just one of the entertainment venues on this colossal vessel . at the latter , my instructor tells me to thrust out my hips to avoid spinning out of control . in my post-­skydive photo , the instructor has two arms around my bottom and his face in my chest - and i look as though i 've had a bad facelift . the anthem 's 18 restaurants include a hotdog-­filled food truck and a johnny rockets american diner . for now , anthem of the seas will remain on this side of the pond , exploring western europe from her home port of southampton . in october , she will cross the atlantic before spending the winter cruising the caribbean . which gives the robotic bartender plenty of time to perfect his margarita­ mixing skills . seven nights on anthem of the seas ( www.royalcaribbean.co.uk , 0844 493 2061 ) , departing southampton on june 13 , costs from £979pp . it will sail to gijon and bilbao in spain , guernsey 's st peter port , and le havre in france before returning to southampton .