she is known as the bombshell girlfriend of made in chelsea 's ollie proudlock . and here , emma louise connolly shows off her incredible figure as she models ann summers ' first bridal wear lingerie . billed by the brand as ' perfect for every blushing bride ' , the underwear and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude , and is not without a raunchy streak . ann summers , known best for its mainstream erotic lingerie and toys , has unveiled its very first foray into bridal wear ( pictured ) . in these exclusive photos , emma models the collection - priced between £14 and £85 - which includes a curve-skimming dress , an intricate nightgown and a range of silk and lace sets . one daring cut-out bra leaves most of the breasts exposed , with straps that creep up to the neck . other stand-outs include a barely-there peek-a-boo thong , teamed with gartered stockings . the collection also includes boned basques and ribbon suspenders . items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32a-38dd . emma was first revealed as the face of ann summers just in time for its fifty shades of grey-inspired valentine 's day collection in february . modelling the collection - priced between £14 and £85 - is emma louise connolly , the current face of ann summers and the bombshell girlfriend of made in chelsea’s ollie proudlock . billed by the brand as ' perfect for every blushing bride ' , the lingerie and loungewear collection comes in soft palettes of ivory and nude , and is not without a raunchy streak . items are available in sizes 8-12 and 32a-38dd . it 's thought that emma started dating ollie back in october last year , after the pair posted a candid shot of them kissing on instagram . ann summers was launched in 1970 , and somewhat mysteriously named after annice summers , the female secretary of the male founder kim caborn waterfield . it now boasts more than 140 stores across the uk and sells an eye-watering two million ' rampant rabbit ' vibrators every year , an exclusive product which won itself widespread fame upon its release . the naughty-but-nice collection includes a curve-skimming dress with a racy streak ( pictured ) . it 's thought that emma and ollie , pictured together , started dating back in october last year .