the nepal earthquake that has killed at least 2,500 people was a ' nightmare waiting to happen ' , disaster experts said last night . just a week ago , 50 earthquake scientists from country the world met in the capital kathmandu to discuss how the area would cope with such disaster . resting on colliding tectonic plates , nepal is under constant threat of earthquake of natural disaster . but experts claim its shoddy infrastructure and poor building standards make the country much less equipped to deal with the aftermath of major incidents . scroll down for video . the united states geological survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres ( 50 miles ) northwest of kathmandu at 06.11 gmt , with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes . on sunday evening the death toll had crept up to 2,500 people across four countries , with hundreds still missing . speaking of the nepalese capital where the scientific meeting was held , one expert said it the devastation was ' an accident waiting to happen ' . ' physically and geologically what happened is exactly what we thought would happen , ' said seismologist james jackson , head of the earth sciences department at the cambridge university . ' i was walking through that very area where that earthquake was and i thought at the very time that the area was heading for trouble , ' said mr jackson , lead scientist for earthquakes without frontiers , a group that tries to help asian cities prepare for disasters . locals rescued two more dust-covered men , pulling them up on the the street as they work to find and rescue any survivors of the disaster . earthquakes of similar magnitude can have bigger effects on different parts of the globe because of the manner of building construction and population density . a 7.8 magnitude earthquake could kill 10 to 30 per one million residents in california , but has killed at least 1,900 in nepal , and could kill up to 10,000 in parts of pakistan , india , iran and china , said u.s. geological survey seismologist david wald . with the death toll steadily creeping up ( to 2,500 on sunday evening ) , the full extent of the horror brought by the earthquake is slowly unfolding . as rescuers scramble to save stranded climbers on mount everest where 18 died under avalanches yesterday , experts are warning the worst of the disaster is to come . aftershocks rocked the himalayan country this morning with residents describing the tremors in terrifying detail . one registered 6.9 on the richter scale and is feared to have triggered yet more avalanches on everest . while the original earthquake 's magnitude - 7.9 - labelled it a ' major ' incident , it struck just 11km underground , making its effects all the more devastating . coupled with that is its lack of preparation for such destructive tremors . a relatively poor country , its buildings are shoddily constructed and easily torn down . experts also fear the earthquake 's shallowness could have sparked landslides across the mountainous region . this is the fifth significant earthquake in nepal in the last 205 years , including a massive one in 1934 that levelled the city . ' they knew they had a problem but it was so large they did n't where to start , how to start , ' said hari ghi , south east asia regional coordinator for geohazards international , a group that calculates worldwide quake risks . nepal was making progress on reducing its vulnerability to earthquakes , but not quickly or big enough . mr ghi 's group , on april 12 , updated a late 1990s report summarising the kathmandu valley risks . ' with an annual population growth rate of 6.5 per cent and one of the highest urban densities in the world , the 1.5 million people living in the kathmandu valley were clearly facing a serious and growing earthquake risk , ' the report said , laying out ' the problem ' the valley faces . ' it was also clear that the next large earthquake to strike near the valley would cause significantly greater loss of life , structural damage , and economic hardship than past earthquakes had inflicted . ' and for years there were no building codes and rampant development so homes and other structures could be built without any regards to earthquakes , the report said . there are now building codes , but that does n't help the older structures , and the codes are n't overly strong , mr ghi said . it 's actually even made worse because of local inheritance laws that require property be split equally among all sons , mr jackson said . ' so that means buildings are split vertically among brothers making very thin rickety homes that need more space so people add insecure living space on additional floors , he said . ' the construction is appalling in kathmandu , ' he said . poverty and pollution make the problem worse . that 's because people do n't spend time worrying about some future earthquake because they have more pressing problems . ' if you live in the kathmandu valley you have other priorities , daily threats and daily nasty things happen to you in terms of air quality , water quality , pollution , traffic and just poverty , ' mr jackson said . ' but it does n't mean that the earthquakes go away . ' nepalese rescue teams remove a body from the rubble of the historic 19th century darahara tower in kathmandu which collapsed in the quake . people search for survivors in the rubble of a destroyed building after the earthquake hit nepal and surrounding countries at just after 6am gbt time . the earthquake had an epicentre 80 kilometres north-west of kathmandu , according to united states geological survey and strong tremors were also felt in large areas of northern and eastern india and bangladesh . a man comforts a woman next to a seriously injured person on the ground in the aftermath of the disaster which is thought to have killed at least two . volunteers help remove a huge pile of debris from what used to be a building in durbar square before the quake which caused extensive damage with toppled walls and collapsed buildings . huge teams of locals and volunteers help to heave away huge pieces of debris from homes , business and offices left by the earthquake . panicked residents had rushed into the streets as the tremor erupted with the impact felt hundreds of miles away in big swathes of northern india and even in bangladesh . video footage showed people digging through the rubble of the bricks from the collapsed tower , looking for survivors . nepal’s capital kathmandu – with a population of over one million – was one of the worst-hit areas in nepal , with the quake’s epicentre just 50 miles north of the city . as the tremors intensified , people were seen in scenes of mayhem running from their homes and places of work in panic . source : u.s. geological survey . data from 1990 onwards . dozens of people were gathered in the car park of kathmandu 's norvic international hospital , where thin mattresses had been spread on the ground for patients rushed outside , some patients wearing hospital pyjamas , while doctors and nurses were treating people . the united states geological survey said the quake struck 81 kilometres ( 50 miles ) northwest of kathmandu at 06.11 gmt , with walls crumbling and families racing outside of their homes . the 7.8 magnitude tremor was the worst to hit the poor south asian nation in over 80 years . television footage showed a huge swathe of houses had collapsed in while roads had been split in two by the force of the impact . india was first to respond to nepal 's appeal for help by sending in military aircraft with medical equipment and relief teams . britain has deployed a team of humanitarian experts to nepal to provide urgent support for people affected by the quake , international development secretary justine greening announced tonight . ms greening said : ' my thoughts are with the people of nepal , in particular all those who have lost loved ones . ' the absolute priority must be to reach people who are trapped and injured , and provide shelter and protection to those who have lost their homes . ' nepal needs our urgent humanitarian assistance . that is why we have rapidly deployed a team of humanitarian experts who will immediately begin work assessing the damage and helping the nepalese authorities respond to this devastating earthquake . ' it came after prime minister david cameron pledged that the uk would do all it can to help in the aftermath on the nepal earthquake . on twitter he said : ' shocking news about the earthquake in nepal - the uk will do all we can to help those caught up in it . ' foreign secretary , philip hammond , added his condolences and said the british embassy was providing help to any uk nationals caught up in the disaster . ' my thoughts are with the people of nepal and everyone affected by the terrible loss of life and widespread damage caused by the earthquake , ' he said . ' we are in close contact with the nepalese government . the british embassy in nepal is offering our assistance to the authorities and is providing consular assistance to british nationals . '   