have you ever wondered exactly what happens to the unused toiletries in hotel room bathrooms ? or how a hotel handles it if a guest dies during their stay ? hotel industry insider turned author jacob tomsky shares his tales from working in two top hotels in new orleans and new york city and provides lots of little-known tips to ensure guests make the most of every hotel stay . mailonline travel chatted with tomsky to get the answers to some of our most burning hotel questions ... scroll down for video . hotel industry insider turned author , jacob tomsky , reveals the most common items people take from hotels . what are some of the most common items that people take from hotels ? without a doubt , toiletries and towels are definitely the most popular items for guests to pocket , according to jacob tomsky , author of heads in beds : a reckless memoir of hotels , hustles , and so-called hospitality . but some individuals staying at the hotel take things a bit too far . ' they take everything , ' he tells mailonline travel . ' duvet covers , little silver trashcans , universal remotes - anything that 's not nailed down . ' despite common misconceptions , it is possible to pocket a plush robe - without incurring any charges . what can you usually get away with taking ? despite common misconceptions , you actually can get away with stealing that coveted hotel room robe . ' if you were to , say , check into a room , take a fresh robe and pack it away in your suitcase , then call down and say your room did n't have a robe in it when you checked in , is the hotel staff going to search your belongings ? highly unlikely , ' tomsky reveals . and when it comes to pocketing toiletries , you can occasionally even ask for more . ' there are other items , as well - complimentary amenities that you may not be aware are available , ' he explains . ' good hotels keep extra items , such as slippers , razors and shaving cream , travel lint rollers , and mini-deodorants , in stock but not displayed in the room . ' as it turns out , the minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel , full of items ' sold at an absurd mark-up ' if you lie about using the minibar , will the hotel really charge you ? ' the minibar is the most fallible system in the hotel , ' tomsky tells mailonline travel . ' human error , over-stocking , failure to re-stock , errant charges from weighted items being shifted but not consumed , all of these lead the front desk to spend hours a day slicing off incorrect charges . ' he also notes that the ' items are purchased in bulk and sold at an absurd mark-up . ' ' hotels are much more concerned with your overall experience and securing further room nights - the main revenue stream - than whether or not you ate a candy bar . ' mike holovacs , a front office supervisor at a major hotel chain and an adjunct hospitality instructor , adds : ' if an item has not sold , it 's just like any other retail setting - the item is pulled when it reaches its expiration date . ' because certain rooms have varying levels of cleaning difficulty , they are usually awarded ' points ' . how long does it take to clean a hotel room ? is there anything that typically does not get cleaned ? the length of cleaning time generally depends on the room . because rooms have varying levels of difficulty , they are usually awarded ' points ' and housekeepers must clean a certain total of points in one day . this may translate to a few larger suites or simply multiple standard rooms . ' i 'd guess the average time is between 30 minutes to an hour to flip the room , ' tomsky estimates . ' a great deal of that time discrepancy depends on how the guest has left the room . ' once a year , large sections of rooms , or even entire floors are pulled out of service for maintenance and deep cleaning . ' this is includes sending the draperies out for cleaning and shampooing the carpets , ' holovacs explains . however , minibar glasses are often cleaned less thoroughly , usually soaked in shampoo or furniture polish . when it comes to the items that are cleaned less frequently or less thoroughly ? minibar glasses and the remote control . ' housekeepers are usually responsible for cleaning the glasses , yet are not provided with dish soap , ' he explains . ' so they either soak them in the sink with shampoo or , in a pinch , use furniture polish , as it leaves a 'clean-looking ' shine . ' and have you ever tried to clean your own remote ? ' the rubbery buttons make it near impossible and dousing it with a cleaning agent could damage the circuitry , ' tomsky adds . how much money hotels spend on toiletries generally depends on the scale of the property and its occupancy . how much do hotels generally spend on toiletries per year ? this one has everything to do with the scale of the property and its occupancy . according to a recent forbes article , the marriott hotel chain will spend approximately $ 20 million annually on their thann products , a natural skincare line that 's stocked in their americas and asia pacific hotels . ' usually the ordering is done by a housekeeping manager who takes into account the current supply and the average monthly uses from years past , ' tomsky reveals . ' people use more toiletries in the winter , have longer showers , and go through more toilet paper . ' it 's a rather intriguing ordering process based on a large amount of collected data . ' and , ultimately , you do n't want to be the one who fails to order enough toilet paper for the entire hotel . ' though there 's a belief that hotel staffer furnish their home with amenities , tomsky says it 's not often the case . and do staff ever get to take them home ? ' there 's a long history of hotel staffers semi-furnishing their own home with hotel amenities , ' tomsky admits . ' every party i threw from 2001 to 2004 was catered with hotel pillow chocolates . ' for the most part , items are either so pre-used that to take them would be distasteful , or so expensive that to steal them would n't be worth the loss of one 's job . ' but i do have shoe polish that i 've never paid for and hotel-branded slippers to keep me comfy in the wintertime . ' one charity has come up with a novel way to deal with leftover hotel soaps - churning them together to provide soap to those in developing countries . clean the world , receives partially-used and discarded soap from hotels , recycles it into millions of new bars , and then works with partner global soap to strategically distribute the new soap to people who lack access to it around the world . people dying in their hotel room is not quite as rare of an occurrence as guests may think , tomsky admits . what happens if someone dies in a hotel room ? while a bit morbid to talk about , tomsky admits that such an occurrence is not quite as rare as guests may think . ' it 's not something a hotel wishes to publicise , naturally , ' he explains . ' so , they are removed as discreetly as possible . ' this may involve flashing lights and paramedics , depending on the severity of the situation , but can also happen via employee elevators and back exits . ' afterwards , the room is sanitised , cleaned , ' flipped ' and sold - and that can happen a lot faster than you 'd think . and , of course , all hotel staffers are forbidden from revealing any details - including cause of death and room numbers - to anyone . ' death is a part of hotel life , ' tomsky adds . ' in fact , suicides often prefer hotels , relieving loved ones of the cleaning duties or seeing the deceased in a disturbing way . ' guests should take comfort in knowing that their in-room safes are actually very secure . do staff actually have access to the in-room safes ? no , they do not . the safes truly are , you know , safe . ' i always recommend using the safe to every traveller , ' tomsky says . ' the only person who can open the safe , should you forget your password , is a manager from the security department , using a tool that only they are trained and authorised to use . ' what really happens to that half-used roll of loo paper in hotel room bathrooms ? well , it depends ... and finally , what happens to the half-used loo roll in hotel room bathrooms ? there 's a bit of dispute over this one , and again , a lot of times it depends on the hotel itself . in the spirit of being environmentally-minded , most chains will simply refold the paper and leave the half-used roll in the bathroom , with another full roll behind it , should the guest run out . if there 's not enough left to warrant leaving it , a quora thread user , who works for the beechmont hotels corporation , believes that the nearly-used up roll most likely winds up on housekeeping carts for when a room attendant needs a tissue for other cleaning tasks or in employee bathrooms .