scottish football 's relationship with television has become a form of stockholm syndrome . no one is tied up in a basement . there are no hostages . yet the lengths to which the spfl will go to show love to those broadcasters who hold a gun to their heads has become a source of growing , simmering public fury . the scottish game is engaged in a faustian pact . and the television piper is calling the tune . sky and bt sports pay £16million a year for live coverage of scottish football . the bbc puts in an estimated £3m a year for sportscene highlights and radio commentaries . celtic striker leigh griffiths ( right ) completes his hat-trick during the win over kilmarnock earlier this week . compared with the £5billion paid to english clubs for premiership football the sums are trifling . borderline insulting . st mirren facing ross county on a wet march night in paisley will never be a rival to the manchester derby but broadcasters do n't show scottish football out of charity . they do so because it fills their schedules and meets a level of demand . in return for which they regard spfl football with indifference . the bbc , a state public service broadcaster , charges the same flat rate licence tax to viewers in london and manchester as it does to viewers in glasgow and inverness , with one key difference . english football is treated with reverence and respect . scottish football like a pavement beggar . on saturday , hibernian and falkirk fans will be asked to travel to glasgow for a scottish cup semi-final which kicks off at 12.15pm why ? because sky sports want the game out of the way to show a recorded documentary on bob paisley . on sunday , inverness fans must travel 200 miles for another 12.15pm kick-off against celtic . topping the bill in the afternoon is the european cup rugby semi-final between leinster and toulon , a game likely to prompt complete indifference in public houses the length and breadth of britain . it 's not just the scottish cup . celtic have played just four home league games at 3pm on a saturday all season . and the decision to put back the hearts v rangers championship clash 24 hours for the benefit of sky caused an almighty row while resurrecting the dreaded ' sporting integrity ' phrase . hibernian are engaged in a battle with the ibrox side for second place in the championship . this matters because the team which finishes second has two fewer tense , troublesome play-off games to play . were rangers to go into their final game at tynecastle needing only a point against hearts — hibernian 's city rivals — the game would be played against an unparalleled backdrop of suspicion . to most — leanne dempster of hibs and hearts owner ann budge especially — the issue is one of fairness . it 's clear cut . the games should always have kicked off at the same time and they believe the spfl have been duplicitous and deceitful . loathe to be seen criticising the spfl , sfa chief executive stewart regan chose his words carefully , while all but admitting the league had made a complete and utter hash of things . hamilton 's jason scotland ( right ) challenges dundee united 's calum morris ( left ) during the spl match . ' for 99 per cent of the time , there are no issues , ' he said . ' broadcasting in football has been operating for 20-30 years with big money coming into the game . usually it 's no problem at all . ' there are times — and we have one right now — where the broadcaster has a requirement to show a match at a particular time on a particular day and that causes issues . ' it 's important for the league to consult with all of the interested parties , particularly the clubs who are the connecting point with the fans . ' obviously , you ca n't please everybody but consultation is the secret . neil doncaster ( spfl chief ) has been challenged by a number of different parties and i think it 's important he listens and tries to come up with a pragmatic solution . ' minutes after regan spoke , the spfl 's solution arrived in the shape of an embarrassing u-turn . as they should have been from the outset , the final-day championship games were all rearranged for saturday may 2 . with a 12.15pm kick-off , naturally . and after some cap doffing and bowing to the sky paymasters . most accept doncaster is the paid hand of the most influential clubs in scotland , with little real executive authority . his job is to act as a human shield for clubs and to put lipstick on a pig of a broadcasting deal . yet the decision to put the rangers fixture back heightened suspicions over both his competence and motives . in may 2013 , the final game in division three for the ibrox club — against berwick rangers — was shown live on television . the other four fixtures were immediately brought forward , too . a statement on the rangers website confirmed the decision had been taken ' in the interests of fairness ' . what changed between may 2013 and now ? to those who believe the spfl are hellbent on getting rangers back into the top tier come what may , this was manna from heaven . ' it 's a challenging time for the spfl right now , ' said regan with a degree of understatement . ' i can see why fans are unhappy . ' ultimately there 's always a balance between the needs of the broadcasters and the needs of the clubs , the needs of the supporters and sponsors . ' when you 're looking at a scottish football landscape , where money is tight and a broadcaster is the biggest provider of income , that ca n't be ignored . i 'm not saying it 's right but they have to be heard . ' the problem comes when paying customers believe the broadcasters are the only people being heard . st mirren 's stephen mallan ( centre ) is challenged by ross county 's jackson irvine ( right ) . scottish fans from across the uk are now routinely asked , at the drop of a hat , to change travel plans to facilitate friday-night football and noon kick-offs on a saturday or sunday . monday night games have also crept onto the schedules . and for what ? scottish viewers make up around nine per cent of sky and bt sport ' s subscribers . yet it now costs them more to cover two games between west brom and stoke than it does to fund an entire season of scottish football . the bbc , meanwhile , pays gary lineker as much to present match of the day as they do for spfl highlights and radio coverage . ' it 's fair to say that the landscape we are in right now is challenging , ' added regan . ' when you look at the numbers that the premier league delivered in england it blows everything out of the water . ' the scottish football authorities — the league in particular — are fighting for what you would call the scraps from the table . ' i know that there is pressure being put on the bbc through a number of parties right now , including the scottish government , to try to see if there is any way to make an improvement in income that can be generated by further discussions . ' but , ultimately , the broadcaster will only pay market rate for the product they are buying . ' we are trying to get that market rate back up by collectively working on initiatives to improve our game , but it 's not going to happen overnight . ' the empty stands are a problem . the spectacle in the spfl is often poor and does nothing to persuade sky that scottish football is worth paying out more cash . in a vicious circle , however , this attitude drives the crowds lower and lower . many now speak openly , then , of scottish football going cold turkey . of subscriber boycotts or ending the abusive relationship with broadcasters altogether and streaming spfl games online on a pay-per-view basis . or having no coverage at all . when old hands of the scottish game such as sir bob kelly , jim mclean and jim farry warned of the creeping dangers of live television they were dismissed as dinosaurs . right now , they look like visionaries . celtic fans sing during the win over kilmarnock , which sees them three points clear at the top of the spl . 