the president of the czech republic has banned the u.s . ambassador from prague castle following a public dispute over the former 's decision to attend a russian world war ii parade . president milos zeman has been criticised by ambassador andrew schapiro over his plans to attend the annual parade in moscow , marking the allied win at the western front in 1945 , despite the crisis in ukraine . in response to the critique , president zeman said ambassador schapiro is no longer welcome in the prague castle , the seat of presidency . under attack : czech president milos zeman was criticised by u.s . ambassador andrew schapiro over his plans to attend the annual victory day parade in moscow , despite the crisis in ukraine . much to the chagrin of president zeman , the country 's prime minister together with czech lawmakers are siding with the american . ' i think that the reaction of president zeman was not adequate , ' prime minister bohuslav sobotka said . ' i would naturally welcome it if the attitude of mr. president to foreign policy in general was a bit more professional , ' sobotka told the czech public television on monday . ' we should be able to communicate with our friends and allies , ' sobotka added . parliament 's lower house speaker , jan hamacek , said he thought zeman was overreacting ; the deputy speaker of parliament 's upper house , premysl sobotka , said zeman demonstrated a lack of ' diplomatic thinking . ' harsh reaction : in response to the criticism , president zeman has banned ambassador schapiro from visiting prague castle , the seat of presidency . jan mlejnek , an analyst , said zeman 's rhetoric was unfortunate and will harm czech-u.s. relations . in an emailed statement from the u.s. embassy , shapiro said ' it would be unfortunate for president zeman to be there as perhaps ? the only eu head of state . ' zeman , whose is critical of european union sanctions against russia , said he wanted to honor soviet soldiers who sacrificed their lives to liberate his country in world war ii . the czech presidency is a largely ceremonial post and the government is in charge of foreign policy . sobotka said he accepted zeman 's explanation for the trip . shapiro said he regretted that president zeman felt offended . ' i value a good working relationship with everyone , and i want him to know that my door will be open to him , ' ? shapiro said . ' i also want the czech people to know that the united states government , and the people of america , value our relationship as partners and allies more than ever . ' the moscow victory day parade parade is held on may 9th , and will this year commemorate the 70th anniversary of the capitulation of nazi germany in 1945 .