a pigeon-lover from utah has had a giant aviary in his backyard torn down following a three-year legal battle with the city council . boris majnaric , 75 , of south jordan , built the 384-sq-ft , four-room bird house in 1996 and went on to rear more than 200 birds - five times over the legal limit . over the years neighbors filed a torrent of complaints about the pigeons , detailing excess droppings and noise and last tuesday the structure was finally demolished . majnaric , who was so fond of his flock he once delivered cpr to an ailing member , was not present for the demolition . heartache : in this tuesday , march 31 , photo workers clean out and begin to tear down a pigeon loft in 75-year-old boris majnaric 's backyard in south jordan , utah . the retired middle school french teacher told the deseret news that his doctor advised him to stay away from his home to ' avoid stress ' as he 'd recently been hospitalized for pulmonary problems . when officials told majnaric the birds had to go , he spent more than $ 40,000 fighting the city in court . but in late march , a district judge did not sign an order to stop the demolition . ' i will feel very incomplete because pigeons have been part of my life , ' said majnaric , who is also facing three misdemeanor charges related to his backyard birds . ' it 's going to be an empty thing for me , ' he said . ' i do n't think it 's fair what they 've done to me . ' his conflict with the city began about four years ago , when neighbors noticed an explosion of pigeons and complained to the city about the birds ' dropping things ' on their property . kathy brown , who lives across the street from majnaric , said the birds did n't bother her . ' the pigeons are his children . he 's taken good care of them , ' she said . ' i feel for him , but you have to obey the laws , too . ' on tuesday , the flocks of pigeons were replaced with south jordan animal control offices and public work employees who gathered to watch the loft come down . yellow caution tape lined majnaric 's yard and utah disaster kleenup removed pigeon droppings and prepared to dismantle the structure . the city has also given majnaric 30 days to relocate a gazebo that served as a roosting place for dozens of the birds . city officials say they decided to take down the loft after majnaric failed to comply with multiple court orders to reduce his yard 's pigeon population . ' we really , really tried to work with him and get the population under control , ' said south jordan spokeswoman tina brown . all gone : majnaric is distraught after city officials tore down his backyard house built to house 200 pigeons _ five times as many as allowed under city rules . but she said the numbers never went down to the level they agreed upon . majnaric agreed last summer to move the loft and gazebo himself to a house in cottonwood heights , said john walsh , his attorney . but his structures did n't meet the zoning requirements there . majnaric stopped keeping pigeons in mid-january , although some still visit his yard . he traveled to california and oregon to find homes for some of his pigeons , spending thousands of dollars to move them . some of his favorites are starting a new life on a farm . ' this is how much i love these birds , ' said majnaric of the cost the lawsuits and relocation . ' i wanted to defend them . ' majnaric said raising pigeons fulfilled a childhood dream . his parents gave him two birds in his native croatia when he was 12 years old and he said he cried when they died . 