hein verbruggen , the controversial former head of international cycling , says he will fight any attempt to remove him as honorary president of the uci after being criticised by the inquiry into the lance armstrong doping scandal . the independent commission for reform in cycling 's ( circ ) report concluded that , under verbruggen 's leadership , the uci had colluded with armstrong to cover up allegations the seven-times tour de france winner had doped . verbruggen has now written to all uci board members saying he has put the ' scandalously biased ' report - which he also calls a ' character assassination ' - into the hands of lawyers . former head of international cycling hein verbruggen is unhappy with the circ report verdict . verbruggen , pictured with lance armstrong in march 2003 , has sent the circ report to swiss lawyers . he also rejected a call from current uci president brian cookson to resign his honorary presidency . in his letter , a copy of which has been seen by press association sport , verbruggen says : ' mr cookson is in for a surprise if he thinks that i will accept this scandalously biased circ report , and the same goes for taking away my honorary title . ' indeed , the last word about the circ report has not yet been written . i would like to make you aware that i am having the report analysed by swiss lawyers . ' the lengthy letter added : ' it has become clear that what i am dealing with here is simply a personal revenge campaign against me by mr cookson . ' verbruggen also claims the 2.8million euros cost of the circ report has effectively been wasted . after the circ report was published in march , cookson , said he would write to verbruggen to ask him to step down as honorary president saying he had made ' serious errors of judgment and wrong decisions ' . on monday , cookson said he would not get dragged into a public war of words with verbruggen . he said : ' i think mr verbruggen 's letter speaks for itself . those who have read the circ report will understand where the uci went wrong in the past , including the conflicts it needlessly got into and which seriously damaged its credibility . i was elected to change the way the uci conducts itself and i wo n't be drawn into this kind of public conflict . ' 