when it comes to getting a stunning view of new york , most people would be content with taking a trip to the top of the empire state building . but not this teenager , who goes by the name of dark.cyanide . instead he climbs up some of the city 's tallest buildings , without ropes or harnesses , before sitting on precarious ledges - all in the name of capturing the perfect photograph . many of the 18-year-old 's vertigo-inducing images , which include some shot 72 storeys above street level , show his feet dangling hundreds of feet above the city streets below in his trademark turquoise trainers . scroll down for video . dizzying : these images were all captured by a new york teenager who goes by the name of dark.cyanide and scales some of the city 's tallest buildings in search of the perfect view . night vision : the 18-year-old describes himself as an ' urban historian ' and says he likes photographing new york because it is huge and constantly changing . on a mission : he says that security guards often stop him from scaling the buildings , but even if he can get past the guards , he has to tackle fierce winds which blow above the streets . high flyer : the teen regularly pictures his feet dangling off the skyscrapers , and says the tallest building he has ever scaled had 72 storeys . different point of view : ground zero , the site of the 9/11 terror attacks , is pictured from the rooftop of a nearby building . all lit up : the new world trade centre is seen in the distance surrounded by other skyscrapers in this night shot of new york city . standing tall : among new york 's other landmarks to be photographed from on high is the empire state building , pictured here in the centre . bright lights : the chrysler building is pictured as night falls across new york , as the rest of the city lights up in the background . he says that building security often stops him from climbing some landmarks , but even if he can get past the guards , battling strong winds at high altitude often presents an even bigger challenge . he said : ' what i like the most about photographing new york is that it 's huge . i can never stop finding new places to photograph and go wandering into . ' the city is always growing and always providing new views with new skyscrapers being built . i am most fascinated by the views and different vantage points i come across . precarious : dark.cyanide ( pictured ) , said : ' what i like the most about photographing new york is that it 's huge . i can never stop finding new places to photograph ' . urban : dark.cyanide captured this image of manhattan from hundreds of feet up , including the empire state building ( centre right ) and one world trade centre in the distance . looking down : it is not often that photographers get to capture some of the tallest buildings in manhattan from above , unless you 're on top of 20 exchange place ( pictured ) . holier than thou : st. patricks cathedral is seen from above , with the cross shape of the building clearly visible from this vantage point . city-scape : dark.cyanide captured this image of the setting sun over new york as part of his portfolio series called ' rooftops ' . from on high : many of dark.cyanide 's photographs are taken around manhattan . this picture shows 10th avenue from hundreds of feet up . vertigo-inducing : many of the teenagers pictures feature his trademark turquoise trainers hanging off the edge of the buildings , including this shot from above 8th avenue . ' people are amazed by my rooftop pictures because they have never seen such a great views and vantage points of new york before . ' his photographs include shots of the chrysler building , the empire state building , and the building around times square as they have rarely been seen before . as well as taking pictures of urban landscapes from the rooftops of new york , dark.cyanide also specialises in shots of abandoned buildings and underground tunnels dotted around the city . his instagram page has more than 8,000 followers , and on his webpage he describes himself as an ' nyc photographer ' and ' urban historian ' dedicated to capturing the sights and sounds of the city from different viewpoints . roof with a view : the manhattan skyline is seen from one of the buildings surrounding the lincoln centre for the performing arts . stunning : this shot of 10th avenue ( centre ) also takes in both the hudson river ( left ) , union city ( far left ) and central park ( to the right ) . do n't look down : dark.cyanide said he is fascinated by gaining a different perspective of the city , such as from this perch , above 42nd street . downtown : most of the teenager 's photographs show manhattan , as it has the highest concentration of skyscrapers to climb . here the hudson river is pictured from an unknown location . as night falls : on the streets below life in new york carries on , with people oblivious to the photographer perched above their heads . landmark : the offices of the new york times are pictured from the top of a building across the street in this shot by teenager dark.cyanide . as you 've never seen it before : 8th avenue is pictured below the teen 's dangling feet as he captures the city from another new perspective .