phillip schofield was left speechless today after a guest with tourette 's syndrome blurted out ' silver fox ' at him mid-interview . ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on itv 's this morning to discuss how she suddenly developed the condition - and how she had found love with fiance jordan - who is deaf . the pair hit the headlines earlier this year after being labelled the perfect match because whenever she becomes rowdy , he simply switches off his hearing aid . they appeared on today 's show to discuss how they met - and how they live with both of their conditions . but in the middle of the pre-recorded interview , miss grant suddenly suffered a verbal tic - and blurted out ' silver fox ' at phillip , 53 . silver fox is the nickname of the father-of-two , who smiled , but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark . co-presenter amanda holden quickly chipped in kindly , saying : ' it 's a good one to have ' , regarding his nickname . viewers reacted with amusement at the moment , which one person hailed ' the greatest tourette 's tv moment of all time ' . during the interview , the couple discussed how after developing tourette 's syndrome aged 21 , miss grant worried that she 'd never find a boyfriend who would put up with her inappropriate outbursts . but months later , she found the perfect match in her deaf partner jordan , who simply switches off his hearing aid whenever she has a series of loud tics . she told phillip and amanda : ' the night before i’d been out drinking , so i went to the shop to get a sandwich . ' i looked at a sandwich and i started shouting `` marshmallow '' and i thought `` this is a dodgy hangover '' . ' i picked up a bag of crisps and i started shouting `` marshmallow '' and `` japan '' . i thought `` what the hell 's going on ? '' by the next day , miss grant , who had lived a totally normal life until this point , was involuntarily yelling swear words and racial insults and began lashing out with kicks and punches . ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on the show to discuss how she suddenly developed tourette 's syndrome - and how she had found love with fiance jordan - who is deaf . but she left presenter phillip schofield bemused and speechless after blurting out ' silver fox ' - his nickname - at him mid-interview . co-presenter amanda holden quickly chipped in , kindly rubbing him on the back , saying : ' it 's a good one to have ' , regarding his nickname . miss grant , from ironville , nottinghamshire , was working as a community support worker when she started ' ticking ' while queuing in a supermarket last january . she found herself unable to stop blurting out ' marshmallow ' and immediately called her doctor for an appointment after she ran back to her car in shame . by the time she saw her gp the next day , her ticks had already increased ten-fold , and she began shouting words like 'n****r ' - as well as ' japan ' and ' i 'm a t**t ' . ' my arms were smacking my face as i was sat there in the waiting room , ' she recalled . ' i was being horrible to everyone . there were a lot of swear words , and stuff like ' carry on looking at me and i 'll take you to japan ' . it came on so quickly . ' miss grant was told she should see a specialist and , after mri scans confirmed she was not suffering from brain damage , the family discovered she had tourette 's . miss grant went on to develop ocd and anxiety , and gave up work as well as cutting herself off from friends and family and shutting herself away in her room . viewers took to twitter to express their amusement at the situation . but in late february last year , her aunt annie took her out for a drink at her local pub , where she bumped into mr pettier . miss grant said : ' jordan was in the pub and he was the only person not to look at me . everyone else was laughing and looking and having conversations about me . ' i thought `` why is n't he ? `` . i went outside and he also came out . then i saw his hearing aid and i started saying `` deaf , deaf '' - it was a new tick . tourette 's syndrome is a neurological condition affecting the brain and nervous system that causes sufferers to make involuntary noises and movements called tics . tics can be vocal - such as grunting , coughing or shouting - or physical – such as the jerking of the head or jumping up and down . the exact cause of tourette 's is unknown but it can come on suddenly , usually in children or teenagers , but also in adulthood . it is believed the condition is brought on by a problem with the basal ganglia , which are a group of specialised brain cells located deep inside the brain . it is thought that the problems may be caused by excessive levels of a naturally occurring chemical called dopamine . another theory is that tourette’s syndrome may be linked to an infection in which antibodies produced by the body to fight the infection interact with brain tissue , affecting the brain 's functioning . ' i was like `` oh god , i 'm sorry '' and he said `` i 'm deaf , it does n't matter what you said , i ca n't hear you '' . ' it was amazing and we just hit it off straight away . ' one of miss grant 's biggest fears was staying over at his house because her ticks continue through the night - but mr pettier immediately put her at ease . ' he said he turned off his hearing aid through the night so he would n't be able to hear me at all . i thought `` this is amazing '' , she said . ' i was keeping my mum up at night , but now the only person i keep up in the night is our dog . ' the pair moved in with each other in july and mr pettier is now a carer for miss grant , who suffers severe physical ticks , as well as her verbal outbursts . mr pettier , who has been 97 per cent deaf since contracting meningitis aged five , said : ' meeting ellie completed me . her ticks were never a problem for me - i thought it was cute if i 'm being honest . ' i used to get frustrated not being able to hear things properly but we even each other out . ' things i ca n't do like phone calls she does , things she ca n't do like chop food i do . i could never imagine life with out her now . ' as ellie 's mum says we 're the ' undateables ' and i would n't have it any other way . '