a guard at the u.s. census bureau headquarters was shot in the abdomen and later died thursday as part of what began with a suspect kidnapping his own wife at gunpoint in washington . authorities locked down the suitland , maryland campus just before 8pm thursday amid reports that the shooter had barricaded himself somewhere inside after ramming the front gates . however , the shooter had instead taken some three dozen police officers on a wild chase back into d.c. that ended when officers shot him on a busy northeast washington street . now police believe the suspect , only described as a man in his 30s or 40s , may even be tied to another shooting that occurred thursday in the southeast quadrant of the city . scroll down for video . critical : a guard at the u.s. census bureau was shot and critically wounded outside its headquarters in suitland , maryland , a suburb of washington , d.c . shooter : heavily armed tactical teams swarmed to the campus amid reports the shooter had barricaded himself inside . ' this started and ended in d.c. , ' an fbi source told wusa . the shooter tried to ram the gates before firing at the guard at least once , according to reports . the campus , built in 2006 and employing thousands , was locked down until about 9pm as authorities unsure where the shooter had gone quickly swarmed . according to the associated press , the guard was shot after noticing a couple fighting in a car . he went to investigate and it cost him his life . sharp shooters positioned themselves outside the campus as authorities sought to determine where the shooter had fled . reports : reports from the scene indicated that loud bangs rang out inside the campus around 8pm , but it was n't immediately clear if they came from guns or , perhaps , from police 'flash-bang ' grenades used to disorient suspects . the guard died before 10pm after he was taken to a washington area hospital , nbc reported . but the gunman trail of violence continued back into dc . witnesses say some 40 cruisers finally boxed the shooter 's green honda in at 11th and h streets in northeast d.c . the barricade caused a collision between the suspect 's car and a police cruiser , nbc reports . the suspect was shot several times . two police officers were also wounded in the showdown , but reportedly had non-life threatening injuries . 