the heartbroken grandmother of a toddler who died of massive head injuries after her drug-addicted mother and violent partner forced her to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed has wept with relief at a coroner 's findings . little chloe valentine , 4 , died of massive head injuries after being forced to ride a motorbike that repeatedly crashed over a three-day period in the backyard of her adelaide home in january 2012 . her mother , ashlee polkinghorne , and her then partner are in jail after pleading guilty to chloe 's manslaughter through criminal neglect . in an emotional statement outside the adelaide inquest on thursday , chloe 's grandmother belinda valentine welcomed coroner mark johns ' ruling that families sa was broken and fundamentally flawed and that the agency 's lack of action over chloe 's mother 's drug use was a complete failure . ' the sun comes up tomorrow even though you do n't want it to , ' mrs valentine said . at an inquest into her death on tuesday authorities said social workers missed the chance to save chloe valentine , 4 , who died of massive head injuries in 2012 . in an emotional statement outside the adelaide inquest on thursday , chloe 's grandmother belinda valentine welcomed coroner mark johns ' ruling that families sa was broken and fundamentally flawed . the inquest has heard chloe was forced to endure chronic neglect at the hands of her drug-using teenage mother ashlee polkinghorne ( left ) and her partner benjamin robert mcpartland ( right ) . ' we are actually the lucky ones , because we had chloe in our life ' , her grandmother said . ' we are actually the lucky ones , because we had chloe in our life . ' she loved us , and we loved her very much . ' she will always be our four-year-old , but as we move forward she will always come with us . in a scathing verdict , the coroner found social workers ' flagrantly disregarded ' their legal responsibilities to seize children from neglectful parents . mr johns said nothing short of a ' massive overhaul ' was required by the agency . ' ( families sa ) took the path of least resistance , and the whole history of its dealing with ashlee is a history of drift , irresolution and aimlessness , ' he said . mr johns described polkinghorne as an ' accomplished and manipulative liar ' who easily fooled her case workers . ' ashlee was given virtually limitless opportunities to address her problems , ' he said . she was often given the benefit of the doubt by social workers , who helped clean her house and avoided confronting her about her drug use . polkinghorne was also provided with three supported accommodation sites and government-subsidised childcare . the young girl was forced to ride a motorbike for days on end by her drug addicted mother and her partner . chloe died in 2012 from head injuries sustained after being forced to ride a motorbike three times her weight for days on end by her drug addicted mother ashley polkinghorne and her partner at the time . belinda valentine said she repeatedly begged authorities to take chloe off her parents and into her care . he said the agency made a ' mistake ' when they declared it was unnecessary to drug test polkinghorne , a known amphetamine user , and condemned the ' rigid ' agency 's failure to consider chloe 's grandmother as a potential guardian . before chloe died , families sa received 20 abuse notifications from friends and family concerned about the girl 's filthy , transient and unsafe living conditions . handing down 22 recommendations to improve the system , mr johns said there had been a lack of analysis , lack of clinical supervision and a lack of leadership . during the inquest , counsel for families sa , michael grant , said it was n't clear whether chloe would have been saved if the agency had intervened more forcefully . ' families sa does operate in a hideous and imperfect world , ' he said . ' it 's not certain , in my submission , what would have happened if that circuit breaker had been applied . ' the south australian government is expected to respond to the coroner 's finding later on thursday . mrs valentine said the coroner 's recommendations ' can be taken now ' . belinda valentine ( left ) has slammed families sa saying they could have saved her granddaughter chloe valentine 's ( right ) life . ms valentine said she called social worker leanne stewart from the scene of a domestic dispute pleading to take chloe away from ashley . however ms stewart ( pictured ) denied in court that such a phone call ever took place . a comprehensive review of chloe 's case had made clear that a 'circuit-breaker ' was needed to save the girl from the chaos in her life . the coroner has asked why chloe 's mother ashley was repeatedly given the benefit of the doubt . families sa received 20 child abuse notifications during chloe 's short life from witnesses concerned about the girl 's filthy , transient and unsafe living conditions . 