the mail is asking you to nominate mothers who have created businesses from scratch , while also caring for their children , for our first ever mumpreneur of the year award , in association with natwest everywoman awards . today’s nominee is petra wetzel , 40 , a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah , nine . she set up her own business , the west brewery , in 2006 ... listening to the italian businessman on the other end of the line , petra could see pound signs in front of her eyes . he had heard about the huge popularity of petra’s bottled beer . now he wanted to meet to discuss importing it in bulk to italy . it was a fantastic opportunity . but , as she consulted her diary , petra — who runs one of britain’s most successful small breweries , knew what her answer had to be . petra wetzel , 40 ( pictured ) , is a divorcee who lives in glasgow with her son , noah , nine ( pictured ) . she set up her own business , the west brewery , in 2006 . ‘ he could only offer me a two-hour slot bang in the middle of my son’s sports day last year , ’ recalls petra . ‘ i had to say no . i’m a businesswoman , but i’m a mum first . ’ blonde , attractive and the founder of one of britain’s most successful small breweries with an annual turnover just shy of £10 million , petra may well be every man’s dream . but she says with a laugh : ‘ i sound like a real catch . but the truth is i’m fiercely independent , stubborn and work long hours . the only man in my life is noah . he’s my priority and the reason i drive myself so hard . ’ as a single mother , running a hugely successful business is a tall order . what makes petra’s success even more extraordinary is that she started her company when noah was just a baby — and in the wake of a broken marriage . petra’s flagship beer , st mungo lager , is stocked in 100 branches of waitrose in the uk as well as in branches of tesco in scotland . and later this year she is opening a second brewery in glasgow to cope with demand . the germ of the idea came in 1994 when petra , who was born in germany , was having a drink with her father , herbert , in a pub . ‘ i was studying at glasgow university and dad had come to visit , ’ she recalls . petra ( pictured ) was inspired to start her own brewery when her father visited her glasgow and she realised that the city did n't have its own brewery . he ordered a pint of local lager , took a sip and winced . then he asked what the best glasgow lager was and , to my horror , i realised i didn’t know . ‘ in germany , every village and town has a good brewery . it’s something people are proud of and want to show off to visitors . he couldn’t believe that a city like glasgow didn’t have its own brewery . it got me thinking . ’ twelve years later , petra opened a small brewery and beer hall/restaurant with her then husband , gordon , with the help of a loan from her parents . ‘ i met gordon at university and married him in december 2000 , ’ recalls petra . ‘ we both had first-class business degrees and , naively , i thought that meant we could easily run a business . i was working as a lawyer , so we agreed gordon would take charge and i would take a back seat . ’ west brewing company opened in march 2006 , just eight months after noah was born . ‘ he was conceived on a trip to chicago , where we’d gone to learn about brewing , ’ petra recalls . ‘ i had been told that i could never have children so , although the timing was terrible because of the new business , we were both ecstatic . ’ she adds : ‘ we had bills to pay , so i was working three days a week just two months after noah arrived . with my legal job and a newborn , i didn’t have time to think about the business . besides , i thought it was in safe hands . ’ the west brewing company opened in march 2006 , just eight months after petra 's son , noah was born . she initially started the company with gordan , her then husband . however , in october 2006 , when noah was just three months old , petra’s life went into free fall when her marriage fell apart . ‘ i was so devastated , i decided to step away from the business . i focused on looking after noah and my job . ’ however , in december 2007 , a little over a year after the break-up of their marriage , petra had another shock : the business was in crisis . ‘ gordon was away when the butcher who supplied our restaurant rang and threatened to set fire to my car , ’ she recalls . ‘ it turned out the company owed him thousands . ‘ when i went round to the company’s office . i filled a black bin liner with our unpaid invoices , went home and spent the night going over them . we had debts up to our eyeballs . ’ many women would have quit . but looking at her son , petra realised she didn’t have a choice . ‘ it was sink or swim . noah gave me the confidence i needed , ’ says petra . ‘ we had ploughed my inheritance into the business . it was all i had . besides , i knew i’d hit on a great idea . all it needed was graft to make it work . my parents agreed to look after noah for seven weeks in germany . the company went into administration . i called in a brilliant firm of accountants and worked flat out on a plan for the future . petra ( pictured with noah ) says her son gave her the confidence she needed to carry on with the business even after the initial struggles . ‘ it was tough . noah went into full-time day care and most nights i would still be at my laptop at 1am . many times , i sobbed myself to sleep . i felt way out of my depth , but i became good at multi-tasking . ‘ i quit my legal job and bought the assets out of the hands of administrators and began building it , single-handedly , into the thriving company it is today . we are now a beer brand as well as a restaurant and beer hall . and our flagship beer , st mungo lager , is sold worldwide . we are just about to send a consignment to hong kong . of course , i have to make tough choices . i could beat myself up about not being there enough for noah . i’ve lost count of the number of times he will be in the car and i have to shush him because i’m taking an important call . ‘ but feeling guilty is just a waste of energy . noah knows he’s my priority . we are a very tight unit — particularly as his father now lives in america . we have the most wonderful full-time nanny , helen , who noah adores , and i spend every second i’m not working with him . ‘ recently he said : “ mum you are a brilliant mum and a brilliant dad . ” that meant the world to me . ‘ and thanks to the business , we have a great lifestyle . for my 40th birthday i bought us a treat : a speedboat . it’s moored at loch lomond and zipping up and down the water at weekends makes a tough working week worthwhile . ’