an angry neighbour who stormed onto the catwalk at sydney 's mercedes-benz fashion week while fashion designer kym ellery was taking her bow has compared the noise being made at the event to a jumbo jet . maurice thibaux , 67 , caused quite a stir at sunday night 's opening show held at the carriageworks in eveleigh - in sydney 's inner city . the french native - who lives next door to the venue - crashed the stage to make a complaint about the noise , which he claims was ' similar to a jumbo jet taking off over your head ' . scroll down for video . maurice thibaux stormed the catwalk at sydney 's mercedes-benz fashion week on sunday night at the carriageworks . mr thibaux said he had no problem with the music but the rumbling that came with it . ' i was watching tv and i use headphones , which are noise cancelling , so normally it cuts out all the noise . in fact i ca n't even hear the telephone , ' he told 9news . ' i could hear a rumble ... so i took of my headphones and the rumble continued . it felt like the house was shaking . ' mr thibaux said he did not even know he was walking into a fashion week event because the bright lights obstructed his vision . mr thibaux , who lives next door to the carriageworks , points at where the fashion show was taking place at the eveleigh venue . the 67-year-old french native said he had no problem with the music but the rumble that accompanied it . ' i had no idea where i was to be honest . i could have been on the moon . it 's embarrassing , ' he said . the 67-year-old said he was ' very sorry ' to have disturbed the show , which finished at 7pm . but he was not the only neighbour of the carriageworks that found the noise disturbing . jane houselander said she did not sleep on sunday night and neither did her neighbour who was ' incredibly upset ' and ' very anxious ' . footage of the incident shows mr thibaux storming the stage with his hands over his ears , wagging his finger and shouting at a security guard who escorted him from the runway . he claims the noise was as loud as a jumbo jet flying overhead and was trying to make a complaint about it . sunday night marked the start of sydney 's mercedes-benz fashion week . this photo is from the ellery show . mr thibaux was eventually escorted off the catwalk by a security guard at the carriageworks . hardcore electronic music with a heavy bass line boomed throughout the space for the duration of the show , which lasted about 15 minutes . he was overheard complaining that show organisers were showing little respect for the local community . ' the noise is way too loud , this is disgrace , ' eye witnesses overheard him say , according to the sydney morning herald . ' it was loud but it was all part of the dramatic vibe , ' a guest at the ellery show told daily mail australia . the australian designer was not fazed by the disruption , the eye-witness added . ' kym ran out merrily at the end , aside from that it all went perfectly , ' they said . mr thibaux took to the stage while australian fashion designer kym ellery was taking her bow after the sunday show . ellery seemed unfazed by the incident and continued to do her lap of honour down the runway .