boca juniors set up a mouthwatering copa libertadores last-16 clash with fierce rivals river plate after a 2-0 victory over palestino to finish group five with a 100 per cent winning record . leandro marin headed the argentinian giants into the lead in the final minute but a lengthy delay in the second half meant there was a significant amount of injury time , with jonatan calleri sealing all three points in the 11th minute of time added on . victory over their chilean opponents ensured boca finish as the highest seeds of the competition - with no other teams winning all of their group games - while no second placed team can finish on less points than river . video scroll down to watch copa libertadores highlights : boca juniors 2-0 palestino . leandro marin ( left ) gave boca juniors the lead with a headed finish in the final minute . boca scored another late goal in injury time as they secured a 2-0 victory against chilean side palestino . rodolfo arruabarrena 's side will now face arch rivals river plate in the copa libertadores last 16 . it sets up a superclasico date and boca boss rodolfo arruabarrena said : ' it will be tough and exhausting . we are confident in our team and we will try to do things right to go on in the cup . ' wanderers also sealed their place in the last-16 after cruising to a 3-0 victory at zamora to finish second , behind boca , in the group . matias santo opened the scoring in the 34th minute for the uruguayan visitors , while nicolas albarracin doubled their lead just after the hour mark before gaston rodriguez made sure there was no way back for their venezuelan hosts . river plate kept alive their cup dream with a 3-0 victory over bolivian side san jose on wednesday . internacional thumped universidad de chile 4-0 to go top of group four with one round to go . nilmar opened the scoring in the ninth minute and then added another just after the half hour after eduardo sasha had doubled the brazilian side 's lead , with valdivia sealing a comfortable win on the hour . brazilian outfit corinthians made sure of top spot in group two following a goalless draw with reigning champions san lorenzo , who sit third and must hope they beat danubio next week and corinthians beat sao paulo . brazilian international nilmar scored for internacional as they thumped universidad de chile 4-0 .