us authorities suspected that a british man accused this week of causing the 2010 ' flash crash ' was making illicit trades back in 2009 it 's been revealed , with experts expressing shock that it took six years for charges to be brought . navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of making £26million from illegal trades over five years and an investigation team involving six agencies in the us and britain want him put on trial in new york . but analysts are bewildered that it 's taken this long for action to be taken . us authorities suspected that british man navinder singh sarao ( circled ) accused this week of causing the 2010 ' flash crash ' was making illicit trades back in 2009 . us prosecutors believe mr sarao used special computer software to manipulate the market on wall street . ' flash crash ' : sarao is accused of causing the wall street ' flash crash ' on may 6 , 2010 , when £570billion ( $ 850 billion ) was wiped from the value of america 's biggest companies in five minutes . sarao was warned about his trading in 2009 by officials at the self-regulatory chicago mercantile exchange ( cme ) , where he was making transactions . however , he continued his alleged manipulation well into this year . dave lauer , president of lobbying and research firm kor group , told bloomberg that he was gobsmacked at the pace of the investigation . he said : ' how this continued for six years when the cme appeared to know about it , it kind of boggles my mind . this is about as simple and easy as you can get , and it took them this long to do anything about it . ' edgar perez , author of knightmare on wall street and the speed traders , meanwhile , asked : ' why would regulators let sarao operate in the markets and engage in similar trading strategies as in the flash crash eight more times ? ' sarao allegedly triggered – from his home computer in hounslow , london – the wall street ' flash crash ' of may 2010 , in which almost a trillion dollars was wiped from global share prices , using a series of fake transactions . trader navinder singh sarao , 36 , is shown here at westminster magistrates ' court after being arrested over illicit trading . a flash crash is a sudden plunge in stock prices . on may 6 , 2010 , the us stock market dramatically collapsed – wiping billions off the world 's biggest companies . between 2.42pm and 2.47pm , the dow jones shed 600 points , having already been down more than 300 points – a startling 6 per cent fall in just five minutes . very soon it had recorded an almost 1,000-point loss on the day . but , by 3.07pm , the market had miraculously regained most of the 600-point drop – making the flash crash the second-largest point swing ever recorded . hours later , european markets opened and crashed in similar fashion . the uk 's ftse 100 fell 138 points , france 's cac shed 163 points , and germany 's dax dropped 193 points . the cause of the crash puzzled us officials . theories included technical glitches , high frequency trading or changes in market structure – but never criminal activity . he allegedly used automated trading software to ' spoof ' the market by placing up to 19,000 orders and then cancelling them , all in under one second . however , manipulation was n't identified as the cause of the crash in a september 2010 report , suggesting that regulators did not see his activity at that time . tim massad , the head of the commodity futures trading commission , which oversees the trading of futures and swaps , said on wednesday that it took so long to charge sarao because of the size and complexity of u.s. derivatives markets . ' these are huge markets , ' he said . ' there 's a lot going on . ' the agency , which oversees self-regulatory bodies such as the cme , brought civil charges against sarao alongside criminal charges by the department of justice . the many years it took for the cftc to come out with its findings , and the fact that manipulation was n't mentioned in the 2010 report , suggested that the help of a whistleblower was essential in bringing the charges , one lawyer said . ' this ca n't have been a five-year continuous investigation , ca n't have been , ' said the lawyer , who is familiar with the cftc 's thinking , and who asked to remain anonymous . ' something happened some period later where this came up again . ' if there was any indication that there was manipulation behind this , given the profile of this , the agency would have proceeded . it would n't have taken five years . ' scotland yard 's extradition unit arrested sarao on tuesday night at the request of the fbi , which claims he set up an offshore company in the caribbean called ' nav sarao milking markets ' and arrogantly told financial officials to ' kiss my a*** ' . in west london , neighbours of the man now dubbed the ' hound of hounslow ' were puzzled by his supposed wealth , saying he lived humbly . 