fleas in arizona have tested positive for the plague and could spread the deadly disease to humans , according to officials . the plague , which famously killed millions of europeans during the black death , is most commonly carried by fleas and rodents . prairie dog deaths at picture canyon in arizona alerted officials to the possibility of an outbreak . parasitic insects from the preserve near a water treatment plant in flagstaff were found to carry the illness . scroll down for video . authorities near flagstaff , arizona , have found fleas infected with plague after prairie dogs in picture canyon began dying ( file photos ) . the plague , which killed millions of europeans in the 1300s , causes pustules on the skin and is still contracted by 2,000 people a year ( file photo ) . human cases have developed from close contact with cats who have preyed on infected vermin and residents in the southwest have been warned about dangers of the disease while camping . the southwestern us is similar to the plains of central asia where plague began , professor david wagner of northern arizona university told the arizona daily sun . plague is still contracted by as many as 2,000 people a year , according to the world health organization , though the vast majority of cases are in sub-saharan africa and madagascar . prairie dogs are particularly susceptible to illness because they live in social burrows , and 90 per cent of the furry creatures ' colony can eventually be wiped out if plague infects one member . the disease 's rodent host dies , when fleas will look for more blood to drink , including from people . the vast majority of human plague cases reported in the us are in the arid climate of the southwest , which scientists say is similar to the disease 's homeland of central asia . the discovery of the disease at picture canyon ( pictured ) has prompted a warning from authorities about the dangers posed by dead rodents . insecticide has been sprayed in prairie dog burrows in picture canyon to halt the plague 's spread . symptoms of pain in humans include fever , chills and muscle pain . at later stages it causes gangrene and a large amount of pustules , or buboes , on the skin . the incubation period could be up to seven days . modern medications are effective in fighting the plague , also known by its bacterial name yersinia pestis , though it can be deadly if left untreated . the last plague epidemic in the united states was in los angeles between 1924 and 1925 , according to the centers for disease control . plague originally came to north america via rodents on steamships from asia . the bacteria yersinia pestis originally came to north america on steamship rodents from asia , and the last outbreak was in los angeles in 1924 .