stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at a woolworths supermarket at leeton on easter sunday afternoon . pictured at her hen 's party , the teacher was due to marry her partner of five years on saturday . police have launched a state-wide search for a high school teacher who disappeared just days before she was due to wed her partner of five years . stephanie scott , 26 , was last seen at a woolworths supermarket at leeton , 550km west of sydney , on easter sunday afternoon , her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley told fairfax . ' police hold concerns for ms scott 's welfare as her disappearance is reported to be out of character , ' a statement from police said . desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the leeton high school drama and english teacher , who was excited about her wedding day on saturday . ' i spoke to her on saturday night , about 10.30pm . i was in canowindra , back at mum and dad 's place , and she was in leeton , ' a distressed mr leeson-woolley told the sydney morning herald . ' everything seemed pretty fine . ' ' one of her friends rang her on easter sunday and she was saying how she was excited and could n't wait . that 's the last time [ anyone heard from her ] . ' before going to the supermarket , ms scott is understood to have been seen at her workplace at about 11am , where her fiancé said she was organising some last second things before their honeymoon . police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward , adding that ms scott could be travelling in a red mazda 3 sedan with registration bz-19-cd . she was last seen at a woolworths supermarket at leeton ( pictured ) 550km west of sydney , on easter sunday . mr leeson-woolley told the abc that officers planned to investigate cctv footage from woolworths and look into his partner’s phone records and bank statements . ms scott 's last social media post shows her dressed in a veil and a bright pink ' bride to be ' sash , on which she commented ' so excited , not long now xxx ' . police have asked anyone who might know of her whereabouts or have any information to come forward , adding that ms scott could be travelling in a red mazda 3 sedan with registration bz-19-cd . before going to the supermarket , ms scott is understood to have been seen at her workplace , leeton high school ( pictured ) at about 11am , where her fiancé said she was organising some last second things before their honeymoon . 