a woman who ended up getting lost while running a marathon in raleigh , north carolina and ended up having to hitch a ride with the cops to get back on course , still won her race some nine minutes ahead of her closest competitor . heidi bretscher 's troubles began around mile 17 of the rock n ' roll raleigh marathon that took place earlier this month . the 28-year-old runner was so far ahead of the pack it was n't clear to her which way she was meant to go . wrong way : heidi bretscher , 28 , said she was on pace to beat her personal record when she , and the two cyclists who were accompanying her , missed an unmarked turn . retracing her steps : at mile 19 , bretscher was leading the women 's race by about 30 minutes . she found a police officer who gave her a ride back to mile 17 . somehow , she ended up running entirely off the planned route and around a lake that was n't even on the course . despite her unscheduled detour , ms. bretscher 's was brought back on track by a couple of helpful cops who drove her in their patrol cars back to the point in the race where things became muddled . after working out her timings and distances she still managed to cross the line well ahead of her closest rival . ' i 'm a little frustrated , ' she told abc 11 following her victory . ' i ran three miles off course because i did n't know which way to run in the race . ' ' usually when you cross the finish line , you 're really excited . i was n't excited , ' she said . ' i was just really nervous that i was going to get in trouble because i did n't stay on course . ' no sign : the route changed from the 2014 race leaving several turns unmarked allowing runners to get lost . off course : before the mishap , bretscher said she was on pace to run her best time ever . on form : race officials said as soon as they learned of bretscher 's confusion , the course was fixed and crew members were alerted . the organizers had hoped that things would be different this time around after changing the course from last year to help ease the traffic and impact on local residents . competitor group inc. , the main company responsible for organizing the rock n ' roll marathons , said that they worked with the city of raleigh but had n't realized the confusion it would cause . ' it 's just an embarrassing situation on behalf of everyone involved with rock n ' roll and something that we 're working to fix for next year , ' competitor group 's dan cruz said . at mile 19 , bretscher was leading the women 's race by about 30 minutes . she came unstuck when she arrived near at a split near lake johnson . not knowing whether to turn left or right , she ended up choosing incorrectly . ' i saw mile 18 while i was on the trail . however , i never saw mile 19 and eventually it became clear that we were off track , ' she said . course officials did n't seem to have a clear idea over what she should do either . it was n't until she approached a traffic cop when she was able to find a clear solution who helped get her back on track . but even then things did n't improve because the police officer dropped her back at mile 17 where her problem first began . a second police officer agreed to whisk her to mile 22 , just four miles from the finish line . winner ! despite her detour , bretscher managed to be the first woman and third runner overall to finish the race with a time of 3:06:59 , nearly 10 minutes ahead of the next woman to cross the finish line . returning runner : competitor group inc. said that bretscher was the only runner affected by the course , and as a silver lining , they 're offering her a second shot at one of their other marathons , free of charge . the whole incident left ms. bretscher feeling frustrated because she had been on pace to run her best time ever . ' one of the hardest things for me , actually , was when i was in the car with the second police officer . i heard the male runner winning the race , and i knew i should have been really close to the finish line at that point , ' she said . ' so that was really discouraging for me , but i was still so determined to win . ' after crossing the finish line her win came under scrutiny but it was calculated that even with the ride from cops , after analyzing her times , she still came in some nine minutes ahead of her closest rival . bretscher managed to be the first woman and third runner overall to finish the race with a time of 3:06:59 . competitor group inc. say bretscher was the only runner affected by the new course design and have agreed to allow her entry to another of the marathons they run , free of charge . ms. bretscher says despite the error which cause her a great deal of frustration at the time , she will likely be back at the race next year under the presumption that course officials will have learned from their mistakes and that everything will far more smoothly .