the eiffel tower has been closed after workers walked out in support of the unions strike against the government 's austerity measures . the nationwide strike follows action by french air traffic controllers which involved a two-day walkout starting yesterday . now workers at the most visited paid monument in the world have joined the walkout in a solidarity with the thousands taking to the streets across the country in union-led protests against public spending cuts . signs were placed at the foot of the eiffel tower warning that the landmark was closed due to strike action . there are an average 25,000 ascents at the tower every day , and at €15.50 ( £11.25 ) a ticket , the closure will cost paris tourism almost €387,500 ( £280,000 ) in entry fees , excluding gifts bought and food and drink sales . speaking to the local , union representative stephane dieu said that '90 per cent ' of staff had voted to strike and that signs had been placed at the foot of the tower to ensure ' tourists do n't hang around for nothing . ' the marches nationwide with a main rally in paris are a test of how much support unions can muster over spending curbs which they claim undermine public service and purchasing power to the detriment of the euro zone 's second-largest economy . charles de gaulle airport , pictured , and other french hubs are being affected by strike action . local media said staff who man paris 's eiffel tower would keep it shut it until 6pm local time as part of the strike . representative of cgt union , one of the unions who voted to strike , stéphane god , told afp that the tower is expected to be shut for 18 hours in total . unions said they expected tens of thousands of marchers to join the main rally in paris by the end of the day . the strike by air controllers has been called because the french air traffic union says their controllers are expected to retire later than their counterparts elsewhere in western europe . the walk-out is one of a series planned this month , with more industrial action from april 16 to 18 and another walk-out between april 29 and may 2 . plans for the original strike on march 25 were suspended after the fatal germanwings crash in the french alps . the eiffel tower is due to reopen to the public at around 6pm this evening . local reports claim turnout across the country is mixed , with just 1,000 taking to the streets in strabourg , while toulouse reported 8,000 attending demonstrations . ' we are here ... to get a change of direction from this government which claims it is left-wing , ' said cgt official pierre tommasi of a march which included hospital , research and transport sector staff . as well as being the most popular paid-for landmark in the world , the eiffel tower is also the most popular spot in the world for a selfie picture . tourist attraction site attractiontix analysed social media to find mentions of travel hotspots alongside the world ' selfie ' , and have compiled a list of the most popular places to pose for a self-taken self portrait . at the top of the list was the eiffel tower in paris , with more than 10,700 posts found so far in 2015 , ahead of disney world in orlando , florida and the world 's tallest building - the burj khalifa - in dubai .    