mohammed emwazi , the british jihadi now known as jihadi john , planned to join a different terror group in somalia years before becoming a member of isis , it has been reported . emwazi , who is originally from london , was planning on joining al-shabaab in africa but changed his mind after his friends were killed amid accusations they were set up by rival group members . instead he travelled to syria where he joined islamic state and became synonymous with their gruesome beheading videos posted online . scroll for video . mohammed emwazi ( left ) , now known as masked killer jihadi john ( right ) , planned to join al-shabaab in somalia before going to syria because two of his friends were killed , a source has said . according to a 29-year-old syrian , named only as ayman , emwazi was obsessed with al-shabaab and constantly spoke about the fighting in somalia . in an interview with the independent , ayman says emwazi once confided in him that he planned to join al-shabaab before coming to syria because somalia was too dangerous . ayman , who said he met emwazi in syria after isis captured his hometown , added : ' mohammed was obsessed with al-shabaab , he was angry about what happened in africa . ' some of his friends had been killed , some sent to prison and he thought they had been betrayed . ' emwazi became convinced al-shabaab had been infiltrated by western spies after friends bilal al-berjawi ( pictured ) and mohammed sakr were killed . the friends referred to are likely to be bilal al-berjawi and mohammed sakr , two members of the ' london boys ' gang of extremists that grew up with emwazi in maida vale , north west london . al-berjawi passed through uk border control at least five times between 2006 and 2009 as he travelled between london and african terror cells , and helped to radicalise emwazi while in the uk . three years ago he was killed in a u.s. drone strike in somalia , and according to ayman , emwazi was convinced that his location had been given to the americans by fellow members of al-shabaab during an internal power struggle . emwazi also believed that another friend , mohammed sakr , who at one time had lived next door to al-berjawi , was also betrayed to his death after he was killed in february 2012 , also in somalia . emwazi has previously been accused of trying to join al-shabaab , and was detained in august 2009 after flying to tanzania in east africa with a group of friends . they had claimed to be going on a wildlife safari , but were sent back to the netherlands by security forced , where emwazi later claimed he was questioned by an mi5 agent who tried to recruit him . al-berjawi and sakr were also detained in kenya around the same time , but later returned to africa and were able to make it to somalia , where they joined the fighting . ayman claims that emwazi also intended to return , but after his friends were killed he decided against it , believing al-shabaab had been infiltrated by western spies and was too dangerous . he added : ' perhaps the british should be sorry they did not let him go to somalia , he would probably be dead now like his friends . ' in 2012 , emwazi fled britain for syria , despite being on terror watchlists , where he eventually joined the ranks of isis . emwazi was accused of trying to join al-shabaab in 2009 when he flew to tanzania before being sent back home by security force . he joined isis in syria in 2012 ( pictured , al-shabaab militants in somalia ) . it is thought that during the early stages of the conflict emwazi was a prison guard , along with three other britons , leading to them being nicknamed the beatles . escaped captives had given him the name john , after beatles lyricist john lennon , which eventually became jihadi john . in previous interviews , french hostages have described how emwazi talked to them about al-shabaab and the war in somalia , making them watch videos of the fighting there . emwazi first rose to international attention in august 2014 when he appeared in a video showing the beheading of american journalist james foley . since then he has been seen in videos showing the beheading of steven sotloff , another american journalist , peter kassig , a former u.s. solider . also murdered at the hands of emwazi were david haines and alan henning , two british aid workers , and japanese hostages kenji goto and haruna yakuwa .