after a heavy night of drinking , your immune system is bound to be weaker . this is because your body is under oxidative stress - a process that can also happen after smoking , breathing in pollution and even sunbathing . now , for the first time , researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin e , found in foods such as kale and almonds , can mitigate the stress on immune cells . after a heavy night of drinking , your immune system is bound to be weaker . now , for the first time , researchers have shown that higher doses of vitamin e found in foods such as kale ( left ) and almonds , can mitigate the stress on immune cells . whenever a virus or other pathogen enters our bodies , a certain class of immune cells - the t cells0 jump into action , spreading rapidly . one sub-class of these cells , the cd8+ t cells , eliminate the virus by killing cells it has infected . other t cells , known as cd4+ t cells , coordinate the immune response to all kinds of pathogens . but a week can pass before these t cells start to take their toll on a virus . and with cells dividing every eight to twelve hours , it takes a few days to gather a strike force of cells in the hundreds of thousands : enough to overwhelm the infection . but this immune response does not work if significant oxidative stress is damaging the t cells and depriving the body of the tools it needs to repair them , according to a new study . a white blood cell , also known as a t cell , carries special structures on its surface with which to recognise specific pathogens . if the immune cells lack repair enzyme gpx4 , the t cells die off as they divide , which means the immune system becomes weak and the infection can be chronic . this is the enzyme responsible for repairing oxidative damage to the cell membrane . your body constantly reacts with oxygen as you breathe and your cells produce energy . as a consequence of this activity , highly reactive molecules are produced known as free radicals . free radicals interact with other molecules within cells . this can cause oxidative damage to proteins , membranes and genes . oxidative damage has been implicated in the cause of many diseases , such as cancer and alzheimer 's and has an impact on the body 's aging process . external factors , such as pollution , sunlight and smoking , also trigger the production of free radicals . source : netdoctor . when testing mice whose immune cells lacked the repair enzyme , researchers led by manfred kopf , a professor at eth zurich , were able to save the immune cells by mixing a high dose of vitamin e into the animals ' food . that was enough antioxidant to protect the t cells ' cell membranes from damage , so they could multiply and successfully fend off the viral infection . at 500 milligrams per kilogram of mouse feed , this quantity of vitamin e was ten times higher than was present in their normal food . ' the benefit of vitamin tablets is a controversial topic , ' says kopf . with little scientific evidence as yet making a strong case for vitamin supplements , he felt their study was all the more interesting because it proved the effectiveness of vitamin e . ' our work shows that even a genetic defect in a major part of a cell 's antioxidative machinery can be compensated for by delivering a high dose of vitamin e. that is new and surprising . ' what kopf is n't yet sure of is what impact the results of their study will have on human health . he claims that people with a normal level of health and a balanced diet should n't need vitamin supplements . but he added a supplement of vitamin e or other liposoluble antioxidants could well make sense in the event of oxidative stress , which can arise in everyday situations such as an infection or exposure to sunlight .