manchester city star have met up with more than 100 local schoolchildren for the unveiling of a 64metre mural depicting ' the football effect ' at the club 's academy stadium . players including vincent kompany and gael clichy helped youngsters add the finishing touches to the design during a street party on wednesday - alongside women 's players lucy bronze and emma lipman and mathias bossaerts and kelechi iheanacho from the elite development squad . the mural has been inspired by young city fans around the world to reflect the positive influence that the game has brought to their lives . manchester-based artists groups outhouse used the pictures to design the huge mural , which took almost four weeks to complete . captain vincent kompany helps a young city fan put the finishing touches to the massive mural . the 64metre design covers the south edge of the premier league champion 's academy stadium . city stars joined around 100 local schoolchildren for a street party to unveil the mural . among the images featured are scenes of football being played around the world , including night football , street football and disabled leagues , while the club 's city football academy is at the centre of the design . captain kompany felt privileged to be a part of unveiling : ' it 's been a special street party event today and the wall looks incredible . when manchester city women 's and our eds teams play at the academy stadium , our fans will be able to see city 's history and future reflected in this wall , ' he said . kompany and women 's player lucy bronze give the mural the thumbs up with some young fans . gael clichy was also at hand to pose for pictures with youngsters at the mural 's unveiling . ' being at the city football academy , in the heart of manchester means that we have a greater bond with the community and the surrounding areas and today 's event showed this connection in action . ' the premier league champions , along with sister clubs including new york city fc and melbourne city fc , recently invested £400,000 into a charitable programme , cityzens giving , aimed at extending the ' football effect ' to areas of need across the globe . to find out more about city 's community work around the world and to see a digital version of the wall , visit mcfc.co.uk/footballeffect . meanwhile , city 's ' football effect ' on the field is faltering following a 2-1 defeat by crystal palace . 