killer cop michael slager is not eligible for south carolina 's death penalty even if he is convicted of murder , according to local prosecutors . the north charleston police officer ca n't be executed for shooting walter scott in the back because the killing did not include any of a list of narrowly-defined ' aggravating circumstances ' which state law says are conditions of the death penalty . it came as evidence against slager continues to mount , the latest of which is dash cam footage of him discharging a taser into a black man 's back filed as part of an excessive force lawsuit . the video shows slager weighing in on an arrest in progress , announcing that he 's going to tase julius garnett wilson , who is laying on the floor , then discharging his weapon . taser : michael slager , the north charleston cop charged with murder , is pictured above firing a taser at a black man being held down by two fellow officers . the man being stunned is now filing a lawsuit . killing : slager is being held in prison on murder charges after this video emerged of him shooting derad 50-year-old walter scott . as wilson writhes on the floor he then yells ' turn over or you 're going to get it again ' in the footage , dated august 2014 . wilson , who was pulled over on his way to work at 4am for having a faulty tail light , is seen on dash cam recording insisting he has done nothing wrong , and demanding to know why he is being placed under arrest . charges : slager is facing an accusation of murder - but wo n't face the death penalty . the two officers , including slager , do n't explain and instead demand that he get out of the car . after one points a gun at him , he is seen being pulled out of the car . according to abc news4 , the officer in question said he drew his pistol after wilson reached for something in the car . a third officer then arrives , and takes over from slager attempting to subdue wilson . slager then warns his fellow officers to stand back before discharging the taser . attorneys for wilson allege that his civil rights were breached , according to the new york times . wilson was charged with driving under suspension and resisting arrest . he pleaded guilty to resisting arrest , but the driving charge was later dropped . other lawsuits against slager are likely to follow in the light of his highly-publicized killing of scott , a 50-year-old father of four . mario givens , who files an excessive force complaint against slager in 2013 , also said he intends to mount another case . givens says that slager knocked on his door and threatened him with the taser unless he put his hands on his head . when he did , givens claims slager used the taser on him anyway . slager was looking for givens 's brother , matthew , who is significantly shorter than him . killed : walter scott , pictured above left and right , was shot dead by police officer michael slager on april 4 . a murder indictment and any trial for slager is still months away - but prosecutors have already said that there is no chance he will be executed . charleston county 's chief prosecutor scarlett wilson made the point monday , after media reporting on the shooting widely pointed out that south carolina law does include the death penalty . however , she said monday that ' based on the facts received thus far , it does not appear south carolina 's death penalty provision applies in this case ' . the state law which outlines the possible punishment for murder lists 12 ' aggravating circumstances ' which enable the death penalty . some include other crimes being carried out at the same time , including torture , rape , drug trafficking , kidnapping , burglary and arson . other provisions allow the death penalty if the victim is a child , a police officer , witness or court official , and if the crime is part of a mass murder . scott 's death reignited a public outcry over police treatment of minorities that flared last year after the killings of unarmed black men in ferguson , missouri , new york city , and elsewhere . north charleston fired slager last week after he was charged with murder . a cellphone video showed him shooting at scott 's back eight times as he ran away . slager , who was being held in charleston county jail , could face 30 years to life in prison if convicted . a spokesman for the north charleston police department declined to comment .