a wall street banker raped an irish student in a ' disgusting , violent attack ' because he was determined to have sex on his birthday , a court heard on wednesday . jason lee forced himself on the 20-year-old in a bathroom and told her to ' shut the f*** up ' so her friends in the next room would not hear . the assault ended when the girl kneed him in the groin and staggered out in such a ‘hysterical’ state she was unable to talk . lee tried to downplay the incident and said it was ' no big deal ' and dismissively told the first police officer on the scene : ' we 're good , you can go ' , the court heard . lee walked hand in hand with his wife alicia into new york suffolk county court on wednesday . former goldman sachs managing director jason lee , 38 , faces charges of allegedly raping a 20-year-old irish woman in the hamptons in august 2013 . the rape allegedly happened when lee , 38 , invited the victim and her friends to party at his rented $ 33,000-a-month mansion in the hamptons on long island , new york during the summer of 2013 . on the first day of the trial , kerriann kelly , the chief of the major crime bureau at suffolk district attorney 's office , said that lee and his victim were ' from such different worlds that they might have been from different planets ' . she had spent the summer in new york on a j-1 student work visa and was staying with her brother for a night out before flying home to ireland . lee was a high flying executive at goldman sachs who lives in manhattan , but miss kelly said : ' what you see is not always what you get ' . she told the court : ' what you see in the court room this morning is a defendant dressed in a very professional suit , his hair is nicely combed . he is copiously taking notes as i speak . ' that 's not the same individual the victim encountered in the early morning of august 20 2013 . not even close . ' what she encountered was a man who wanted one thing and one thing only , and that thing was sex . he used her to get it . ' lee has pleaded not guilty to first-degree rape , sexual misconduct and third-degree assault charges . he could face 25 years in jail if convicted . on wednesday he walked into suffolk district court wearing a dark suit hand in hand with his wife alicia , who sat in the public gallery . the court was told that lee and his friend rene duncan met the victim and her friends at the trendy georgica restaurant and lounge in wainscott on august , 19 2013 . the two men were there celebrating lee 's 37th birthday and they invited the irish group back to his mansion a short distance away . miss kelly said that they were having a good time partying the night away , drinking wine and eating pizza they found in the freezer . the victim and her female friend stripped down to their underwear and got in the pool but lee got completely naked and jumped in after them . afterwards , around 6am , the victim went into a downstairs bathroom to change , and she ' became aware that jason lee was trying to force his way into the bathroom by pushing open the bathroom door , ' miss kelly said . ' the victim saw him , he was naked , and she thought : `` is this a joke ? '' she pushed back and said : `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' ' miss kelly said that the victim pushed so hard she left her fingerprints on the door , but lee was too strong and forced the door open . as he did so she went flying onto her back , hurting her hip and scratching her leg . miss kelly said : ' now he had her exactly where he wanted her , on the floor , on her back and he climbed on top of her and he held her down . ' the victim tried to shove him off but she was unable to . miss kelly said : ' she asked him to get off her . she told him : `` no '' ' . lee has denied first-degree rape , sexual misconduct and third-degree assault and could face 25 years in jail if convicted . ' the defendant put his hand over her mouth and held his hand down so hard that the victim tried to bite him but was unable to . ' then he told her to shut the f*** up , shut the f*** up . ' he did n't want anyone to interrupt what he wanted to do at that time and in that place - on his birthday ' . miss kelly described how lee pulled up her dress , pulled down her underwear and raped her . she said : ' he had no regard for her . ' he had no condom and the 37-year-old jason lee you see before you here had no regard for the 20-year-old irish girl who was just visiting ( her brother ) . ' he took advantage of her because he wanted to have sex and because he was going to do whatever he had to do to get it ' . miss kelly said that the attack only stopped when the victim managed to knee him in the genitals , making him ' back off in pain ' . as she waked out of the bathroom the victim was ' hysterical and crying ' , miss kelly said . miss kelly said : ' she could n't say what was wrong to her . lee was a managing director for goldman sachs and works at the investment bank 's headquarters at 200 west street in lower manhattan . a representative from the company said he left the firm last year . ' her brother was upset and said : `` what 's happened to my sister ? what went on in that room ? '' ' ' the victim could n't speak she was so hysterical . ' the police were called by mr duncan because he thought that his car had been stolen , though the court was told that he had actually loaned it to some of the victim 's friends who had left earlier . during the call to the 911 dispatcher lee allegedly said : ' it 's not big deal , there is no problem here , we do n't need you to come to this house ' . the victim 's brother however insisted they come and said : ' there 's something wrong with my sister ' . lee was the the first to approach east hampton police officer sarah mortensen when she arrived at the mansion and told her : ' we 're good , you can go . we do n't need you . we have got this under control ' . however the victim 's brother also approached her and said that lee had ' done something to my sister ' . the victim then got into the officer 's car and recounted her ordeal , at which point she called for backup . during this time lee disappeared and would not be found for two hours , the court was told . whilst in hiding he called mr duncan numerous times , called two taxis - one of which was turned away by officer mortensen - and tried to hail an uber taxi multiple times . he was eventually found in a range rover parked in the driveway which had tinted windows ' curled up in the fetal position ' , miss kelly said . when asked by a police officer what he was doing , he said he was ' embarrassed ' and ' fell asleep ' . that night the victim was taken to be examined by a sexual assault nurse who found she had injuries to her vagina . she also had a scratch almost the entire length of her leg , an injury that was consistent with her account of the incident . the house on clover leaf lane in east hampton , new york , where the sexual assault allegedly occurred . at that point the victim realised that she did not have her dress and could not find it . search warrants were executed on lee 's rental home but it was nowhere to be found . the court was told that seven months later a private investigator working for lee delivered it to prosecutors in a box - there was no explanation why or how . in his defence lee has hired andrew lankler , one of the top white collar criminal defense attorneys in new york . in his opening statement mr lankler said that the prosecution had been ' rushed ' and that there were ' critical inconsistencies in the stories provided by the victim and the witnesses ' . he said that the bathroom where the alleged rape happened was 12 feet from where the victim 's brother and her friend were but that they did not hear a noise . he said that the facts were ' entirely consistent with the circumstances under which consensual sex occurs ' but that it could have been ' perhaps regrettable consensual sex ' . before the allegation of rape the evening had been fun for all concerned and everyone had been taking pictures together , he said . mr lankler said : ' this is not a case that involves an allegation of rape in some back alley between people who are completely unknown to each other ' . the trial continues .