earlier this month , a pregnant canadian weather presenter received hate mail from viewers ' grossed out ' by her appearance on their screens . the scathing critics told the six-months pregnant meteorologist kristi gordon that her ' front end looks like the hindenburg and your rear end looks like a brick s***house . ' fans jumped to support her when gordon read out excerpts from the letters and emails on tv , but it seems that abuse of pregnant tv presenters daring to get on with their jobs during their pregnancy is nothing new . australian presenter and model nicky buckley famously soldiered on with her presenting job on the sale of the century after falling pregnant in 1997 , continuing to wear the glamorous , figure-hugging gowns her job required of her . ' never in my wildest dreams did i expect the barrage of abuse that was bestowed upon my unborn baby and me by a multitude of critics who were determined to dampen the joyous marvel of pregnancy , ' buckley , now 49 , writes in her newly-released memoir . scroll down for video . pregnant and proud : buckley copped heavy criticism for showing bump on tv but stood her ground . speaking to daily mail australia about the book , ' nicky buckley : a memoir ' , she shared just how bad the criticism became . ' i was told i jammed fax machines at channel 9 and newspapers - with faxes coming in from people commenting negatively . ' ' at the time there was n't any maternity wear except kaftans which covered you from head to toe , hiding your boobs and bump , ' she said . bitterness over bump : buckley wore sexy dresses that revealed her bump , shocking tv audiences , and hit back in magazine interviews saying she refused to bend to critics . tv scandal : nicky buckley enraged public by staying on air throughout her nine month pregnancy . family first : buckley bucked preconceived notions of women in tv and continued to work to support family . as her role was to wear glamorous evening dresses and there was n't adequate maternity wear available , she just went up a size from her usual attire and got on with things . ' i was n't out to raise the flag or cause a stir , i simply wanted to work – as was my right . yet in doing so people had other opinions and thought i should n't be seen publicly with a bump . ' ' i had a mortgage , people tend to forget and put you in a bubble . but i still had a mortgage and do you think i should just stop and be taken off the air ? ' game model : game show host and model copped flack for her bump and continued to work to pay the bills . glamorous to gritty : despite her glamour role , buckley says the pregnancy showed the ugly side to tv . ' i needed to pay the bills and i was happy with what 's going on , ' she said . ' looking back i 'm proud of how strong i was . i ca n't push the point hard enough , i was steadfast and strong , i was going to work and do my job . ' ' i could n't wait to share the news with my girlfriends but after the usual squeals of congratulations they said `` what are you going to do about work ? ' she reflects in the book . a friend even made the shocking suggestion to buckley that they could build her a podium to stand behind once she started to show . host to husband : buckley married her co-host murray bingham and subsequently had three children with him . while taken aback , she said she believes people saw her role as glamorous one and being pregnant clearly did n't fit with that image . ' despite my blossoming belly and impending birth , unintentionally i had sparked a very public debate that divided a nation - was pregnancy something to be ashamed of ? were pregnant women even attractive ? said buckley . not to mention the dress she wore on the runway at a myer fashion festival that saw eyebrows raised . ' that caused a real stir . it was a dress with a cut out heart over the belly , people saw it outrageous but the designer and i thought it was beautiful and embraced the bump and fashion all at the same time . ' nearly 50 and fabulous : buckley now at nearly 50 is celebrating her age with release of her memoir . the book : buckley 's memoir on sale now for $ 29.99 . 