if you had £140,000 to splurge , would you splash out on an aston martin db9 volante or maybe even a three-bedroom detached house in nottingham ? or , would you rather shell your hard-earned savings on a pink handbag ? that is exactly what retailer vestiaire collective is hoping for , as they put a hermes bag on sale for a cool £140,000 on their site . is this britain 's most expensive handbag ? a sade-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag embellished with rubies has gone on sale for £140,000 . so what do you get for your money ? the made-to-measure pink croc hermes birkin bag comes embellished with rubies . the rare tote is so exclusive that it ca n't even be brought in store and experts say it 's an extremely good investment . fanny moizant , vestiaire collective 's brand communications director and head of uk , said : ' hermes birkin bags have come to symbolise the epitome of quality , the materials and the impeccable french craftsmanship are second to none . ' the brand has a strong heritage with a controlled supply , which makes it highly desirable for stylish women . this aspirational identity has developed into a strong social status symbol . the limited supply and production of rare colours and skin have made these bags must-have collectors items resulting in an increased value over time , unlike cars , which are known to depreciate in value after leaving the showroom . ' with the same amount of money that the handbag costs , you could splash out on an aston martin db9 volante . whilst they do n't own the exact same bag , kim kardashian , left , and heidi klum , right , are both the proud owners of pink hermes birkin bags . hermes is one of the most coveted handbags of all time , but with a price tag of around £8,000 the hermés birkin bag is n't quite within every fashionista 's price range ( unless you 're victoria beckham whose collection is worth a reported £1.5m ) . prestigious luggage and accessories firm hermés , who count many of the world 's wealthiest women as fans , is known for luxury leather accessories . renowned for its immaculate finish and top quality materials , hermès claims never to use any assembly lines with one craftsperson making a single handbag at a time , hand-stitching individual pieces to create the finished product . the brand is rich in history , and some of its bestselling bags have intriguing stories behind them . the iconic kelly bag , one of hermes most popular styles , was originally known as the sac à dépêches when it was developed by hermes in 1935 . in 1956 , a photo of grace kelly , who had become the new princess of monaco , was pictured carrying the sac à dépêches to hide her pregnancy . photographs were sent all over the world and put on the cover of life magazine . as a result , the bag became known as the kelly and has been hugely popular ever since . victoria beckham and kim kardashian are big fans of hermes ... handbag victoria reportedly owns a collection worth £1.5m . the birkin has similarly romantic roots , conceived as it was in honour of french star jane birkin . the birkin was allegedly created after the company 's ceo jean louis dumas sat next to the actress on a paris to london flight . birkin had been discussing her difficulty in finding a leather weekend bag , explaining her ideal . shortly after , in 1984 , the bag she described arrived at her flat with a note from dumas . although nowadays the bag can be made to order , the design is still one of the most recognised in the fashion industry . and victoria beckham is n't the only celebrity birkin fan . british-born author barbara taylor bradford owns an impressive 24 and heiress tamara ecclestone has specially built cupboards to house her £100,000 collection . katie holmes , julia roberts , hilary duff and kelly brook are also fans while jane birkin , the inspiration behind the roomy leather must-have has said she covers her 'b***** heavy ' birkin with stickers to disguise the fact she 's carrying a ' snobbish ' bag .    