ufc champion ronda rousey wants to return to the wwe after her hit debut appearance with fast and furious co-star the rock at wrestlemania 31 but her packed schedule will make it difficult . a huge wwe fan , rousey made her first in-ring performance on march 29 in front of almost 77,000 people in levi 's stadium in california and admits she caught the bug . rousey told retired wrestling legend roddy piper 's piper pit podcast that ' there 's nothing like ' wwe but she is focussed on her upcoming fight against fierce ufc rival bethe correia . ronda rousey wants to ' find a way ' to return to the wwe after taking down co-owner stephanie mcmahon . rousey was a hot with fans at wrestlemania 31 but her focus for now is on her fight against bethe correia . ' i need to find a way ( to return ) , but i have a lot of stuff going on . i 'm fighting august 1st , ' rousey said ahead of her 12th ufc fight in rio de janeiro . ' first of all , the kind of beating bethe is going to get in brazil is nothing compared to anything anyone can make up in the meantime . ' so i ca n't make anyone excited about anything while that fight is looming over my head . ' fans were ecstatic when rousey helped the rock take down the authority , otherwise known as wwe co-owner stephanie mcmahon and triple h , who she threw over her shoulder with what looked like a trademark judo move , on the sunday night show on march 29 . piper said : ' i 've never seen triple h hip-tossed any better . ' ufc women 's bantamweight champion rousey appeared with fast and furious 7 co-star the rock . rousey 's focus is on her much-anticipated ufc bout against also undefeated bethe correia ( left ) in brazil . on the following evening 's wwe raw , when former ufc champion brock lesner made his entrance , they chanted rousey 's name . rousey admitted she had been given the most high-profile of introduction to the wwe crowd . ' i hit the ground running ... the first i ever wrestled was at wrestlemania with an attendance record at levi 's stadium , ' she told piper , whose nickname rowdy she took for herself with his blessing . ' i had a problem when i left though . there 's no way i ca n't not go back in there again . there 's no way . after experiencing that , there 's nothing like it . yeah . ' the second i left i was already thinking , ' how can i possibly go back ? ' i did n't even change yet . i had n't even gotten out of my outfit yet . ' rousey tweeted ' we 're just gettin ' started ' after the event fuelling speculation for a return however her agent brad slater told fox sports ' ufc tonight that it was just a one-off . rousey throws triple h over her shoulder and into the canvas as the rock watches on in the hit appearance . speaking to piper about the differences between wwe and ufc , rousey said it was about the ' uncertainty of the fight ' . ' i do n't know exactly what 's going to happen , ' she said of ufc , even though a predicted early attack in her last fight out led to her ending cat zingano 's night after a record 14 seconds . ' i do n't know if i 'm going to get really hurt , ' she continues . ' i do n't know what they 're going to come out with . my mind is still running over a million things that could possibly happen , whereas when i know exactly what 's going to go down ( in wwe ) , roughly , because it did n't go down exactly as i thought . give or take . i 'm like , ' ok , this is the way it 's going to be and if it 's going to be this way i 'm not going to screw it up . ' ' whereas in a fight , i 'm like , ' do n't get stuck in a certain way . it can go any way so do n't screw it up . ' it 's a different kind of anxiety , for sure . ' from dangerous to demure , rousey poses in front of a fast car at the premiere of fast & furious 7 . rousey flies in for a punch on michelle rodriguez in their highly acclaimed fast & furious fight scene . after some high-profile movie roles , including the blockbuster fast and furious release that includes an epic fight scene with michelle rodriguez , and the completion of her book my fight , your fight ( out in may ) , rousey 's focus returns to her day job as the headline bout for ufc 190 . her ufc bantamweight title will be up for grabs at the hsbc arena against correia , who is also undefeated in the octagon and has been campaigning for a title shot with taunts at the expense of rousey 's ' four horsewomen ' friends . ' this fight is not going to be short , ' rousey told piper . ' i do n't want her walking out of there the same way she she when she walked in . '    