he 's a sexy , single surfer who also happens to know his way around the kitchen , and now sydney 's dan churchill , 25 , has the us eating out of his hands - literally . but there was one hollywood starlet in particular who was won over by his ' bro burgers ' and cheeky aussie charm - blonde bombshell blake lively . appearing as a guest star alongside lively on good morning america ( gma ) on tuesday , churchill appeared to be living the ultimate aussie dude 's dream - touring the us to promote his cook book ' dude food ' and flirting over food and ryan reynolds with gossip girl glamazon blake lively . ' i was told it was time to do my teaser with blake and i was like , `` wow ! this does n't happen every day '' at that moment i realised i was representing a lot of fellas throughout the world , ' churchill told daily mail australia . scroll down for video . burger for blake : dan churchill whips up a ' bro burger ' on good morning america , meeting blake lively too . bye blake : churchill admitted to hollywood star blake lively that he crushes more on hubby ryan reynolds . new kid on the block : sydney 's dan churchill takes on new york with live cooking segment at times square . ahead of the gma segment , churchill had taken to instagram with a post revealing blake lively was on the call sheet that same day , in a post that read : ' just on a real quiet note ... i will do my best to honour every little boys dream tomorrow ... , ' a cheeky insinuation of what he hoped was to come . adding ' # idontknowwhattodowithmyhands # thisgotreal . ' while lively , married to ryan reynolds remained above board friendly , churchill was able to live out one dream , getting a photo with the star and even mentioning his crush on husband ryan reynolds to the star . ' i am not one to go all fan-boy like so i kept my cool but there was one thing i had to be honest about , ' churchill revealed . ' i said `` blake , i am a massive fan of your work ( as are the rest of the legends in my country ) , however my brothers would not look me in the eye if i did n't admit how much of a massive fan we are of your man ryan . '' ' and just like that the bond was formed , according to churchill . ' she absolutely loved it and could n't stop smiling . i think she loved that i was real and could hold an honest conversation . ' so long sydney : churchill hits the nyc sights , saying a temporary goodbye to sydney while on us tour . surfing the usa : churchill makes waves with appearance on good morning america for ' dude food ' cook book . the starlet also shared with churchill that her neighbour was a good cook and that her and ryan often will get into the kitchen . ' blake is an absolutely amazing woman , very down to earth and obviously does n't want to be seen as just a `` star , '' he said . ' it was definitely a moment like this that showed me , no matter how different our lives are , food is something we all have in common and can get happiness , smiles and maybe a few cuddles from . ' book club : churchill signing copies of his ' dude food ' book in brooklyn for a sea of screaming female fans . bromance banter : churchill was said to hit it off with espn reporter jesse palmer talking girls and hangriness . a barrel of laughs and burgers : churchill gets cheeky on set of good morning america appearance . adding cheekily , ' boys i am talking to you . ' and it was n't just lively that was won over . tim mcgraw , the hit country singer also got a photo with churchill , who was also on set to promote news song and a gma producer was heard raving about churchill saying has ' nailed it ' and that women will love his ' aussieness ' and that the ' bromance ' is real . mateship with mcgraw : churchill took a moment to get a sneaky snap with country star tim mcgraw . and on set churchill certainly knew how to work the camera . standing alongside co-hosts lara spencer and espn reporter jesse palmer , churchill dished up a ' wicked , bad boy ' chutney to go alongside his legendary ' bro burger ' dazzling the hosts with his aussie charm and catchy colloquialisms . the young chef also undoubtedly won over palmer , with churchill saying ' a clear bromance was formed ' with fist pumps , banter and tips on how to get out of trouble with a woman . sydney style : churchill throwing a cheeky surfer ' shakas ' signal while wandering the streets of nyc . ' there 's a whole chapter on impressing girls and a recipe called `` getting out of the dog house , '' says churchill . ' so if you 're ever in trouble mate ... ' he laughs , and the ' bromance ' connection was made . churchill told gma he was inspired to create a healthy cook book for guys , because he was getting more attention from their girlfriends from him . churchill the charmer : churchill pictured sweet talking the girls at cosmopolitan magazine in america . ' so i wrote ended up making a book to look after them and have their back , ' he said . ever the charmer , churchill also threw in some local words in a bid to butter up with his burger eating companions , citing ' ground beef ' instead of mince , ' cilantro ' instead of coriander and ' erbs ' instead of ' herbs . ' it 's safe to say the segment was a success and churchill wowed cast , crew and hollywood stars alike . surfer shenanigans : a sneaky visit to youtube where churchill keeps mum about ' shenanigans ' that went on . ' it went so quickly but it was one of the most exciting moments of my life , i could n't be more stoked , ' he said . ' what was most amazing was the response i was getting from abc and the rest of the production team , they loved it and said i was real , relatable and authentic . ' ' there was even a moment where i gave a signed copy of dude food to a young boy from new jersey named matt , he seemed so inspired and it seriously warmed my heart ' he said . tv to nyc : churchill soared to fame when he starred on masterchef at 23 , now at 25 he has a us book tour . later this month , churchill will appear on ' bravo 's watch what happens live ' ( as a bartender ) , crn 's ' what 's cookin ' today ' and crs radio 's show ' off the menu ' to coincide with his book tour and be doing appearances at barnes & noble stores . there is also talk of a tv show of his own , with churchill citing jamie oliver as one of his biggest inspirations . and with a natural ability to charm the crowds and a mean cooking talent that impresses the ladies , a new ' naked chef ' could only go down a treat . 