he’s a tv star with a love for adventure , so it’s no wonder ben fogle looks for somewhere a little bit extraordinary for his holiday . my husband and i see the tv star lazing with his little boy by one of the five swimming pools in the martinhal beach resort in portugal , soaking up the sun . the high-end resort , which opened in 2010 , is renowned as being one of the best in the algarve for a luxury family holiday . the beautiful martinhal is a hit with families - and tv stars such as ben fogle . but despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes , the water is cold . martinhal , which boasts a fine-dining restaurant , is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach , and is set within 25 hectares in the protected costa vicentina natural park . so we’ve come to check it out – after all , why should the kids have all the fun ? from the balcony in our chic beach room , we are afforded an incredible view over the glistening waters of the north atlantic ocean from the most south-westerly point in the algarve . but despite the sun shining for around 300 days of the year here and the golden sand being warm beneath your toes , don’t be fooled – the sea is sharp-intake-of-breath cold . adventurer , author , broadcaster and writer ben fogle is a regular at martinhal . couples can overlook the ocean , read the papers , feast on fresh orange juice , and enjoy a classy breakfast . the resort boasts a stunning swimming pool surrounded by decking - and close to a restaurant . the boutique room in which we stay for three nights is in the resort 's hotel . there are also 152 hours and villas in the vicinity , so with 190 accommodation options , there is plenty of choice . we’re just a short walk from the main reception building , as well as the beach . inside , the décor is minimalist and comfortable , soft pastel hues , blend well with the wooden floor , mixing stone , cork and other locally sourced materials for this british-designed interior . for larger families , there is the villa option – 23 award-winning , independently owned properties , with three or four large bedrooms , a parking space , a bbq area as well as easy access to the facilities and swimming pools . for larger families , there is the villa option – 23 award-winning , independently owned properties , with three or four large bedroom . martinhal , which boasts a fine-dining restaurant , is the only five-star resort in the area to have direct access to a beach , and is set within 25 hectares in the protected costa vicentina natural park . holidaymakers can also choose to stay in villas at the high-end resort . there’s also a baby concierge service providing equipment to guests – including door protectors , potties , bottle sterilisers , cots , baths and pushchairs . it’s june and the place is busy – i’m told it’s almost at capacity , but the only time you can really tell how many people are staying here is at breakfast . it’s an all-you-can-eat buffet style option in the first-floor o terraço restaurant – which offers a la carte dining in the evening . in the morning , there’s a hum of excitement ; parents doing their best to feed their offspring who know exactly what they do and don’t want to eat . my husband and i eat on the terrace , overlooking the ocean , reading the papers , feasting on fresh orange juice , eggs cooked the way we like them , fresh fruit , cereal , pastries and croissants . after breakfast , there are seemingly endless options for children – from face painting , treasure hunts , arts and crafts , to windsurfing , dolphin watching , swimming tennis and football . m bar , with its quirky decoration and vw camper van hiding in the corner , is the place for a light lunch . the balcony offers a scenic view across the glistening waters of the north atlantic ocean . the view is breathtaking – sea-carved cliffs jut out around a long , wide beach which is warm beneath your toes . so while all that’s going on , the golden-sanded beach looks relatively deserted . we wander down , and the view is breathtaking – sea-carved cliffs jut out around a long , wide beach . there’s plenty of space , so even if everyone at the resort decided to spend the day at the beach , there’s room for them all . so i spend the morning soaking up the rays while rich attempts paddleboarding for the first time . i’m not sure whether it was the fear of falling into the chilly water or that he is a natural , but he makes it all the way out to a small island without falling off – 15 minutes there and 15 back . for a day trip , martinhal is located next to the historic fishing port of sagres , one of europe’s surfing capitals , which boasts rugged cliff faces , as well as a 15th-century port on the southern-most tip of the peninsular ; giving it an end-of-the-world quality . for lunch , there a small shop where guests can buy their own food ( although it is more expensive than other local shops due to being in-resort ) . or there are three restaurants to choose from ; as dunas beach restaurant & bar , overlooking the beach , offers fresh seafood dishes and a children’s menu ; gambozinos dishes up pizza and pasta ; and m bar is the place for a light lunch . there are also four bars across the resort . the boutique room in which we stay for three nights is in the resort 's hotel . there are also 152 hours and villas in the vicinity , so with 190 accommodation options , there is plenty of choice . unlike other posh restaurants , guests are welcome to bring their children . couples seated near to us have babies by their sides , and our meal is n't disturbed in the slightest . and after treatments , there’s a garden relaxation area in which to chill out even further . my husband whiles away the afternoon with a swim followed by a game of tennis – there are two courts and martinhal is home to the algarve’s padel tennis championships - while i book in for some serious pampering in the spa . finisterra spa lies apart from the rest of the resort and is an oasis of calm . there are six treatment rooms as well as a wet area with a sauna and steam bath – and after treatments , there’s a garden relaxation area in which to chill out even further . i can see this would be the perfect place for frazzled mums to recharge while their little ones are being looked after . i book for a 50-minute massage and leave feeling as though all my worries have been massaged away . we are booked into the fine dining o terraço for our evening meal . with white tablecloths , a delicious-sounding menu and an extensive wine list , it really is the ultimate luxury . however , unlike other posh restaurants , guests are welcome to bring their children . couples seated near to us have babies by their sides , and our meal is n't disturbed in the slightest . our villa overlooks the stunning ocean - which is deceptively cold ! for larger families , there is the villa option – 23 award-winning , independently owned properties , with three or four large bedrooms . with top quality regional restaurants from both the ' surf ' and the ' turf ' , the restaurant offers a ' culinary journey through portuguese gastronomy ' presented with a modern twist . dishes include braised scallops , beetroot puree , smoked ham and watercress as well as beef carpaccio , feta cheese , rocket and basil sauce for starters . then there is octopus , sea bass , mussels , duck breast , sirloin and lamb for mains , with tofu curry or vegetable wellington for vegetarians . there 's an impressive cheeseboard to finish , as well as a selection of dessert wines . it’s a very grown-up finish to a luxury holiday in a resort which caters for families but is uncompromising in delivering high standards for all its guests . and if it’s good enough for ben fogle ; it’s good enough for us . price summer special package ( valid for bookings from 23rd may – 26th june ) . - 4 nights half board ( daily breakfast and one meal ) in hotel room from 138 euros per adult per night . - 7 nights half board ( daily breakfast and one meal ) in hotel room from 132 euros per adult per night . easyjet flies to faro from eight uk airports with fares from £24.99* . flights can be booked now at easyjet.com . the 8 uk airports if you want to include are : belfast intl , bristol , glasgow , liverpool , london ( gatwick , luton , southend ) and newcastle . *one-way , including taxes , based on two travelling . for car hire , prices start from £45 per week ( may 15 ) for a mini/economy class car with rhino .