bizarre pictures have emerged of two models posing seductively with a giant brown bear as part of an anti-hunting campaign . the photos , taken in a forest outside moscow in russia , show maria sidorova and lidia fetisova hugging and kissing the 650kg bear , named stephen . organisers wanted to highlight the importance of living 'side-by-side ' with bears and to discourage hunting - but in one picture , a model was shown wearing a fur coat . scroll down for video . bizarre : despite the anti-hunting message , one of the models , lidia fetisova , was pictured wearing a fur coat as she hugged the 650kg bear . loving embrace : organisers of the photo shoot wanted to highlight the importance of living 'side-by-side ' with bears and to discourage hunting . bear hug : model maria sidorova is pictured kneeling on a single bed and wrapping her arms around stephen the brown bear - in a forest outside moscow . photographer olga barantseva , who captured the images , said : ' we wanted to show the natural harmony between humans and bears . ' it is about showing a traditional friendship - just like between two human friends - but between humans and the bears in russia . ' we all need to live side-by-side in harmony and not hunt our fellow citizens who live in the forest . ' in one shot , the bear wraps his paws around one of the models while she is lying in the snow wearing a swimming costume . the same model is seen wearing a fur coat in one picture , despite the anti-hunting message - although it is not clear whether the fur is real .  dare to bare : lidia fetisova , pictured wearing a swimming costume , clambered on top of stephen for one the bizarre pictures . call of the wild : 18-year-old stephen sits on a bed and appears to let out a roar as maria sidorova , dressed in a nightie , sits in front of the animal . gentle giant : lidia fetisova lies down in the snow and cuddles up next to stephen as the giant 650kg brown bear shows his fearsome claws . the models revealed that stephen was free to do ' what he wanted ' during the photo shoot but lidia insisted the bear did not harm her at all . stephen , the 18-year-old , 2.2metre tall bear , was rescued by his owner yuriy panteleenko , who found him barely alive in the hands of hunters . he negotiated the three-month-old bear 's release , but soon discovered his mother had either abandoned him or been slaughtered and he was too weak . instead mr panteleenko took him in and hand-raised him like a parent . but after being hand reared , stephen was unable to reintegrate back into the wild . the professional circus trainer eventually trained stephan to become a movie star - and the animal has since appeared in a host of russian blockbusters including , tsar . stephen , the 18-year-old , 2.2metre tall bear , was rescued by his owner yuriy panteleenko ( pictured with the orange top ) , who found him barely alive in the hands of hunters . lidia fetisova said she alllowed stephen to hug her and lick her face and hands . she described the bizarre photo shoot as ' a very special experience ' . he added : ' stephen is a very special bear . i would say he is a unique bear . he is very clever , kind and beautiful . ' mr panteleenko used mozzarella and sweet cookies - stephens favourite treats - to coax him into position for the incredible photographs . one of the models , maria , said : ' i had been looking forward to this shoot for a while . but the reality even exceeded my dreams of what it would be like to interact with such a big animal . ' i could hug a real bear , speak to him and hide under his giant paw . photographer olga barantseva , who captured the images , said she wanted to ' show the natural harmony between humans and bears ' . maria sidorova holds a toy bear while a stephen perches on a bed behind her . the model admitted she was frightened to start with but added : ' as soon as i hugged hum i felt his warmth and how soft his fur was ' . mr panteleenko ( pictured sitting with the bear ) used mozzarella and sweet cookies - stephens favourite treats - to coax him into position for the incredible photographs . mr panteleenko , a professional circus trainer , eventually trained stephan to become a movie star - and the animal has since appeared in a host of russian blockbusters including , tsar . ' in the beginning i was frightened , but as soon as i hugged hum i felt his warmth and how soft his fur was . ' the experience made me realise that these animals are not all blood thirsty and dangerous to humans - we can co exist together peacefully as long as we respect them . ' lidia said : ' during the shoot the bear was almost free to do what he wanted - but he did not harm me . ' to be hugged by him and let him lick my face and hands was a very special experience . '