tinder has added the ability to let people add their latest instagram snaps to their profile . the firm 's latest update automatically shows the latest pictures posted to facebook 's site . tinder also said it had improved its mutual friends feature . scroll down for video . tinder will now display the last 34 pictures of a person 's instagram feed - and allow users to see more . simply open tinder , go to your new profile , and connect it to your instagram account with a single tap - your tinder profile will automatically start displaying your recent instagram photos . tinder only displays the last 34 photos , users can venture out to the app for a look at the full library . ' you asked , we listened , ' the firm said . 'we’ve made some exciting new changes to your tinder profile including a slick , new instagram integration and more common friends . ' the firm said it made the changes after noticing many users put their instagram user name in their profile . ' now there’s no need to put your instagram handle in your profile description to tell your story ( we got sick of having to do that , too ) . ' it also stressed that the app would not let other visitors to your instagram feed know it was part of a dating profile . ' and in case you were wondering , tinder won’t post anything to instagram on your behalf or alter your existing instagram privacy settings . ' tinder has overhauled its profile as part of the instagram integration - and now shows friends of friends as well as more interests . the firm has also used facebook to boost its ' mutual friends ' feature . tinder now shows you the mutual friends and friends of friends you have in common with your potential matches . ' this adds more context and an extra degree of connection to every swipe , ' tinder claims . it is also preparing an overhaul of the way profiles look , expanding the number of interests people can add . earlier this month tinder rolled out ‘ tinder plus’ , a premium service allowing people to ‘undo’ a like or change their location . a study has found that nearly two thirds of dating app users are men - and one in five will pay for premium services . sixteen to 34 year-olds make up the majority of mobile dating app users , accounting for 70 per cent of the total user base . the study , carried out by london-based research firm globalwebindex , also found that six per cent of web users currently use a location-based dating app . significantly , just a fifth of dating app users are paying for an online dating service , ' co-authors jason mander and felim mcgrath said in the report . but now they have set a limit on the number of ‘likes’ a user can perform in one day - which seems to be set at 100 . when a user reaches this limit , the app tells them ‘you’re out of likes’ , and gives a countdown clock until 24 hours are up so they can start swiping again . but , below this clock , a big red button says ‘ get unlimited likes with tinder plus’ . a price is then shown . but different users are reporting the app is asking for different amounts . it seems the prices range from around £1.49 a month to as high as £14.99 - but the reasons why are not clear . this means some users will pay £17.88 a year for tinder plus - but others , in the upper price category , will have to fork out a whopping £179.88 a year . this equates to some users inadvertently paying £162 more than others over the course of a year . speaking to mailonline , rosette pambakian , vice president of communications and branding at tinder , told mailonline the app is testing out different price points ahead of a global release . ' we are testing tinder plus in select markets at various price points before rolling it out globally , ' she said . ' the uk is one of our test markets , so a certain portion of the population was given access to tinder plus at varying price points . ' however , it is still not clear how the app decides how much to charge a user - and whether it is based on location or activity . in addition , tinder has not commented on whether a user will receive a refund if they ultimately paid over the odds for the final price of the service .  