modern technology is supposed to be making our lives easier , but often all it does is create more pitfalls . 21st century additions like a facebook page , an instagram profile and a smart phone often end up doing more damage to a budding relationship than good . these days we are more connected than ever , but that regularly pushes a potential partner further away . smart phones and social media often cause nightmare for men and women on dates ( picture posed by models ) . on a date in the 1990s , the biggest fails a person could be responsible for were a lack of conversation , food in the teeth or a man asking the woman to split the bill . nowadays , the man or woman is also likely to try and photograph their food or keep checking their phone at the table . girls are often caught out spending too much time in the bathroom , while they compare notes on their evening with friends as their date is sat back at the table . and after the evening is over both parties can fall foul of the temptation to get in touch too quickly - texting within hours of the meeting or checking out the other person 's facebook profile immediately . while on a date it is considered rude to leave your phone on the table ( picture posed by models ) . to save the embarrassment of being chucked before the relationship has heated up because of your addiction to technology , blu e-cigarettes have listed the top ten ways to avoid showing yourself up . they include leaving conversations about the dating app tinder to evenings with your friends , and checking with a potential boyfriend or girlfriend before changing your relationship on facebook . - keep phones off the dining table ; your date wants to see your face , not your screen . - don’t be tempted to take a snap of your food for instagram - it will look like you’re more interested in your followers than your date . - refrain from ‘ checking in’ your location online too ; it could easily turn into a ‘live-tweet’ scenario or worse , a ‘helpful’ friend might drop by to see how it’s going . - keep it offline ; immediately changing your relationship status on facebook if the date’s gone well is a sure-fire way to scare off your date . - if it goes really well , it might be time to move the chat away from text ; take it to the next level and give them a call a few days after the date . - do keep your taxi app handy in case you need to make a quick exit from a date disaster and you don’t have any cash . - if you must update your friends on how the date’s going , use snapchat – it won’t leave any evidence ! - don’t brag about the number of matches you’ve had on tinder , they won’t appreciate it . - don’t assume your date will find that funny cat meme as hilarious as your friends did ! - and finally , leave the google glass at home , as recording your companion for post-date analysis isn’t likely to get you a second date .