the wife of a man jailed for killing his own brother has vowed to stand by her man . mark lowe , 32 , from skelmersdale , lancashire , is currently serving a five-year sentence for beating and kicking his brother wayne to death , after wayne , then 33 , attacked him in his bed with a knife . mark 's wife sarah is now looking after three young children alone and said : ' [ mark ] will regret what he did for the rest of his life , because he loved his brother . ' mark lowe , 32 ( left ) , is currently serving a five year sentence for beating and kicking his brother wayne ( right ) to death , but his wife sarah ( bottom ) is standing by her man . mark appeared before liverpool crown court court earlier this year . the court heard that mark had killed his brother after wayne tried to stab him during a drink-fuelled day of fighting at his mum 's house on september 7 last year . mark then kicked wayne , 33 , to death and was charged with his murder . but prosecutors accepted a manslaughter plea ' on the basis of a loss of control ' as he was first attacked by a knife-wielding wayne . mark pleaded guilty to manslaughter and was last month jailed for five years . sarah said : ' what mark did was wrong . wayne 's death has shattered our whole family . mark 's wife ( left ) is now looking after three young children alone , including jaiden , one , ( center ) and said , ' mark ( right ) will regret what he did for the rest of his life , because he loved his brother ' . mark killed his brother wayne ( pictured ) after he tried to stab him during a drink-fuelled day of fighting at his mum 's house on september 7 last year . mark and wayne , pictured as children , were said to be close , but wayne had a dangerous temper and it was usually mark who would ' calm him down ' and act as peacemaker . ' of the two brothers , mark was always the peacemaker , stepping in to calm wayne down . i always feared that wayne would be the one to hurt him - not the other way round . ' it was said in court that wayne had even attacked his own mother . he was well-known to the police and he had attacked officers too . ' but on that occasion , for the first time , mark fought back , and he snapped . but i have to stand by him . mark is a nurse and a good man and a loving father . ' mark and sarah , both mental health nurses , met in 2004 , working in a nursing home . sarah said : ' we were both seeing other people but there was a spark between us that we could n't ignore . ' mark was a big football fan , a real man 's man , but he had a heart of gold and was very compassionate . ' my dad was ill with cancer , and mark and i both looked after him until he died . ' my mum had died a couple of years earlier and so i had hardly any family left . instead , i became a part of mark 's family . sarah describes her husband ( pictured ) as being a loving father to their three children , jessica , now seven ( right ) , jocelyn , now three ( centre ) and one-year-old jaiden ( left ) . mark and sarah , pictured with two of their children , are both mental health nurses who met in 2004 while working in a nursing home . ' i got on well with his brother , wayne , and his mum , jillian and step-dad , kenny . mark and wayne were very close but completely different . ' mark was caring and compassionate and very academic . he trained as a nurse . he was also a keen runner and played the cornet in an orchestra . ' wayne was a hot-head , in and out of work as a painter and decorator and often in fights . they had a lot of run-ins and mark was frightened of him sometimes . ' sarah and mark were married in october 2006 and went on to have three children , jessica , now seven , jocelyn , now three and one-year-old jaiden . as they settled down to family life , sarah often witnessed wayne 's erratic and aggressive behaviour . sarah said : ' wayne was a troubled soul ; he got into trouble , often fighting when he was drinking too much . ' there were occasions when he was violent to their mum , jill , and mark had to go round to calm him down . ' mark was the peacemaker whenever wayne flew into a temper . mark had mental health training , which helped , but they also had a bond as brothers . ' wayne ( left ) was described by the prosecution as ' a violent woman-beater well-known to the police ' and once attacked his mum ( right ) , leaving her with broken ribs . sarah and mark were married in october 2006 ( pictured ) , and as they settled down to family life , sarah often witnessed wayne 's erratic and aggressive behaviour . wayne received professional help for his behaviour but his problems continued . sarah said : ' when he was n't drinking , he was a very charming , charismatic man , and we got on well . but i was wary of his temper . ' mark was too soft and would always give him a second chance , which caused rows between us . but i thought wayne was dangerous . ' in september 2014 , sarah and mark rowed and he went to stay overnight with his mum . sarah said : ' i spoke to mark in the evening , and we had both calmed down by then . he said be would home very early in the morning to take jessica to school for her first day in the juniors . ' but at midnight , sarah was awoken by police at her door to tell her that wayne was dead . hours later , mark called her to say he had been arrested for murdering his brother . sarah said : ' that whole night was like a dream . it did n't seem real . mark was very shaken when he called me , but he was adamant , from the start , that he did n't mean to hurt him and i knew that was true . ' i was devastated . i had always feared that wayne might hurt mark - not the other way round . i supported mark completely . ' mark ( left ) had no previous convictions and said he and his family were bullied by his brother all his life . pictured ( right ) sarah with jaiden . at the trial , the judge said mark ( pictured ) was remorseful and ' genuinely devastated ' by the death of his brother and what he had done to his family . at first , sarah was supported by mark 's mum , but after he was charged with murder , they became distant . she said : ' i felt as though they were blaming me . and it went round and round my head , that if i had n't rowed with mark , he would n't have gone to his mum 's and wayne would still be alive . ' our lives were in turmoil . our three children missed their dad so much . ' mark had never been in trouble before in his life , so to be sent away on remand was horrific for him . he was terrified . ' john mcdermott , prosecuting , said : ' the killing of wayne lowe was the final act in a day of arguments and fighting between the brothers , who when sober seemed to get on together , but when in drink were both prone to bad behaviour , according to their mother . ' mr mcdermott said wayne was a violent woman-beater 'well-known to the police ' and once attacked his mum , leaving her with broken ribs . he had also head-butted a police officer and was described by his mother as ' a man who would fight to the end ' . mark had no previous convictions and said he and his family were bullied by his brother all his life . he said he suffered traumatic amnesia and did not remember the final moments , but had gone to sleep only to wake with a ' completely mad ' wayne lashing at him with a knife . sarah , who is raising thier children alone , said , ' i had always feared that wayne might hurt mark - not the other way round . i supported mark completely ' . arthur gibson , defending , said it was a tragedy sparked by wayne , ' a jekyll and hyde character ' who when drunk ' would pick an argument and fight even his friends ' . mr gibson said the injuries wayne suffered in the first fight were ' lawfully inflicted ' and mark had tried to avoid more violence . he said mark had defended himself in the second fight , but when his brother presented no further threat , ' lost control ' . mr gibson said : ' he accepts he must have struck and kicked his brother a considerable number of times , when his brother was unable to defend himself . ' but he added : ' the trigger here is a man asleep in bed , being attacked by another man with a knife . ' it is difficult to see how there could be a greater degree of provocation . ' mr justice king said mark unleashed a ' frenzied ' attack on his brother and said it was not true that he had acted only in self-defence and bore no responsibility . jailing him for four years and eight months , the judge said mark was remorseful and ' genuinely devastated ' by the death of his brother and what he had done to his family . sarah has now started a support group for mark , which has 150 members .