an oklahoma jury today convicted a 17-year-old of first-degree murder in the shooting death of an australian college baseball player who was killed while out for a jog . the stephens county jury found chancey allen luna guilty in the august 16 , 2013 , death of christopher lane , who was shot in the back while running along a city street in duncan . the jury recommended that luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole . defense attorneys acknowledged that luna fired the fatal shot from a passing car that he was riding in , but contended that he meant only to scare lane . scroll down fro video . killer look : chancey luna ( left ) , 17 , is led from the courtroom to the jail in shackles and handcuffs after being convicted in the 2013 shooting death of australian baseball player christopher lane ( right ) . heading for lockup : the jury recommended that luna be sentenced to life in prison without parole . belated apology : as he was being led out of the courtroom , luna told reporters he was ' sorry ' . reckless : luna 's defense lawyer contended that the teen meant only to scare lane when he shot at him from a moving car . ' there was no motive , no plan to kill anyone , ' defense attorney jim berry said during opening statements . ' this is a reckless action by a 16-year-old child . ' the defense had asked that the jury be allowed to consider a second-degree murder conviction , a request that the judge denied earlier friday . second-degree murder would have carried a sentence of 10 years to life in prison . luna did not testify and the defense called just one witness , luna 's mother , jennifer luna . in her brief testimony , jennifer luna said her son lived with her parents after he was born and that his father is in jail . ' i was n't there half the time , ' she said . she also insisted from the witness stand that her boy would never hurt anyone intentionally . ' if my son did it , it was n't on purpose . it was n't meant to be . my son would never intentionally try to hurt somebody at all . ' dressed in a blue button-down shirt and a striped tie , chancey luna was stoned-faced when the jurors announced the guilty verdict . satisfied : donna lane , left , the victim 's mother , was pleased with the verdict , saying in reference to luna that the ' naughty boy ' will never hurt another family again . comfort : the family of murdered melbourne baseball player chris lane ( from left ) sister erin hugs chris 's girlfriend sarah harper ( blonde ) after the us court verdict in duncan , friday , april 17 , 2015 . devastated : sarah harper , the girlfriend of the australian murder victim , arrives for court in the trial of chancey luna friday . jennifer luna , chancey 's mother picture din court friday , testified that her son would never hurt someone intentionally . however , as he was being led in handcuffs and shackles out of the courtroom , the teenager told a swarm of reporters he was ' sorry . ' lane 's parents and sister , who had read heartbreaking victim impact statements before the verdict was announced , expressed satisfaction with the outcome of the trial . ' this naughty boy is never going to do this to any other family , ' donna lane told the media , according to sydney morning news . a co-defendant in the case , james ' bug ' edwards jr. , now 17 , testified that he was a passenger in the car when it swerved toward lane , and luna fired the shot . edwards testified as part of a plea agreement in which a first-degree murder charge against him was reduced to being an accessory after the fact . parents : donna lane , pictured left in court thursday wiped tears from her face when prosecutors showed jurors a photo of the bloody t-shirt her son was wearing . jennifer luna ( right ) said her son lived with her parents and she was not there ' half the time ' . the car 's driver , michael jones , now 19 , pleaded guilty to second-degree murder as part of a plea bargain , but refused to testify for the prosecution . he is serving a life sentence with the possibility of parole . the doctor who performed the autopsy on lane testified that even immediate medical attention would not have saved his life . ' apart from a miracle , no , ' said dr. inas yacoub , a forensic pathologist with the state medical examiner 's office . yacoub testified that a .22-caliber bullet was recovered from lane 's body . star-crossed lovers : luna and his american girlfriend , sarah harper , had returned from a trip to australia just two days before he was gunned down while out jogging . torn apart : lane , from melbourne , australia , was visiting his girlfriend , sarah harper , and her family in duncan when he was killed . ' despite being small , it damaged vital structures and caused significant bleeding , ' yacoub told jurors , striking two major blood vessels , puncturing both lungs and breaking two ribs . the victim 's mother , donna lane , wiped tears from her face when prosecutors showed jurors a photo of the bloody t-shirt her son was wearing . lane and family members also wept during testimony by witnesses who tried to comfort lane as he lay dying . lane , from melbourne , australia , was in oklahoma on a college baseball scholarship . he was a catcher and preparing for his senior year at east central university in ada and was visiting his girlfriend and her family in duncan when he was shot .