assault : dr sahar hussain attacked two tube workers because she did n't want to miss the last train home . a gp attacked two tube workers while screaming ' i 'm a doctor ' because she did not want to miss the last train home on a friday night . dr sahar hussain , 53 , panicked when she was unable to get through the gates at leicester square station , and started ranting at staff . she denied assaulting the two workers , saying she was worried about being stranded on her own in central london because she is a muslim woman . but hussain has now been found guilty and ordered to pay a total of £2,250 in fines , compensation and court costs - and she could face disciplinary action from the general medical council . in video footage captured on her own mobile phone , hussain could be heard to shout : ' i 'm a doctor actually , i work for the nhs . i 'm a doctor . get me through the gate , i 'm going to miss my train . ' city of london magistrates ' court heard hussain arrived at the station around 11.30pm on june 20 last year , trying to get home to woodford green after socialising with friends in the west end . when she was refused entry by the automatic gates , she demanded that ticket seller malcolm shaw let her through before lashing out at his colleague indira ramsaroop , who was trying to help . hussain , originally from iraq , screamed and shouted at mrs ramsaroop as she thrust a camera phone into her face before grabbing her by the arm . the 24-year-old transport for london worker was then chased by the doctor as she tried to flee to the control room , bumping her head on the way . in the video on hussain 's phone she was heard shouting : ' this woman is on something , she 's not sober is she ? you 're in work and you 're not sober . get me through the gate . ' during the scuffle hussain , a mother of one who helps train gps at two universities , also grabbed mr shaw by the arms , leaving him with scratches . mrs ramsaroop was close to tears in court as she told how she had to take almost two weeks off work following the incident , adding : ' i had a lot of sleepless nights . it had an impact on myself with customers when i came back to work . ' i have felt very let down to have been threatened and been running away in my place of work . it actually affected me for a very long time and i got quite ill just at the worrying and fear . ' row : the assault took place on a friday night at leicester square station in central london . hussain admitted losing her temper , telling the court : ' i 'm very sorry about the way i expressed myself with my agitation and frustration . ' district judge quentin purdy found her guilty of two counts of assault by beating , saying : ' the evidence is overwhelming . you completely lost your self-control . ' unusually for the sort of incident this court regularly deals with , there is no hint of intoxication in any way . ' but the explanation is there . you were anxious about missing the last train , concerned about being late for work or unable to work the next day , cultural embarrassment by being left in london as a married muslim woman . ' it was completely out of character , but as we have all seen , you acted in an unpleasant and hysterical fashion towards numerous members of staff . ' he said she had subjected mrs ramsaroop to ' completely unjustified violence ' , as well as ' humiliation ' for falsely suggesting she was intoxicated at work . the judge added : ' you have lost a great deal by your lack of self-control . your good name is now lost with these two convictions for assault . ' hussain was fined £500 for each assault and ordered her to pay £500 compensation to mrs ramsaroop , £200 to mr shaw , £500 prosecution costs and a £50 victim surcharge .