living in the depths of an ancient woodland might sound like a fairytale . but for anyone with a few hundred thousand to spare , it could be a dream come true . an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the new forest , has gone on the market for £350,000 . the 76sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds , near godshill , is made entirely from timber imported from norway . scroll down for video . an idyllic two-bedroom log cabin , nestled down a private country lane in the heart of the new forest , has gone on the market for £350,000 . the 76-sq ft hideaway , based near the tiny hampshire hamlet of newgrounds , near godshill , is made entirely from timber imported from norway . its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthouse would be worth elsewhere . it has 141,000 acres of forest surrounding the cabin . but its ideal location means the cabin is worth more than twice what a similar bolthole would be worth elsewhere . for the same amount , buyers could own a three-bedroom grade ii-listed former school house just a few miles down the road in ringwood . a four-bedroom detached bungalow with a huge garden in the new forest town of holbury is also for sale for £350,000 . the aptly-named log cabin could be a suitable home for a small family or couple , with two bedrooms , a sizeable living room and a balcony which looks onto a south-facing garden . despite looking like an ideal holiday retreat , the cabin also comes with permission to live in it all year round . but the real selling point is the 141,000 acres of forest that surround the cabin . the aptly-named log cabin could do for a small family , with two bedrooms , a sizeable living room ( pictured ) , and a balcony which looks onto a south-facing garden . despite looking like an ideal holiday retreat , the cabin also comes with permission to live in it all year round . the property was built in 2004 by the owners of the next door home who needed a place to stay while their house was refurbished . they are now selling the log cabin as they no longer need it . kesia whitfield , from estate agents symonds and sampson , said : ' the log cabin is down an unmade track . it 's a no through road so it 's very quiet and the owner would have direct access to picturesque forest walks from there . ' what 's special about this one is you can live in it 365 days a year . they 've got planning permission to live there all year round , not just for holiday lets . ' she added : ' we think it will appeal to people looking for a new forest bolthole or as an investment holiday let but also somebody who wants to live in the new forest that has n't got a huge budget . the property was built in 2004 by the owners of the next door home who needed a place to stay while their house was refurbished . some 80 per cent of the enquiries have reportedly been from people who want to live in the cabin full-time . the property is situated in the new forest , the former hunting ground of william the conquerer . pictured : the bathroom in the property . ' this is a great way to have your own little bit of the forest . you have got access to miles and miles of forest walks and spectacular far-reaching views over the forest heathland . ' she said 80 per cent of the enquiries were from people who wanted to live there full time . she said : ' you might get similar holiday homes in holiday parks for half the price , but there you 're on a camping site and you can only stay a certain amount of days . ' according to property website rightmove , the average price of a house in the new forest is just shy of £370,000 . the new forest was created as a royal hunting enclave in 1079 when king william i , also known as william the conquerer , wanted somewhere to hunt . ten centuries on , the forest is still largely in royal hands , with around 90 per cent of it belonging to the crown . it became a national park in 2005 . the park , measuring 571 square kilometres , is set in a rough triangular shape across a large portion of hampshire . it is bounded by christchurch in the south west , southampton in the east , and fordingbridge and redlynch in the north . a foal walking in the new forest . the national park in hampshire is home to around 3,000 ponies . the forest is also famed for the new forest pony , one of the recognised native breeds of the british isles . there are estimated to be around 3,000 roaming the area . the countryside also boasts countless cycling and walking paths , as well as several decent museums and a host of famous country pubs . bizarrely , the new forest is also linked with one of britain 's most enduring mysteries . william rufus , the conqueror 's son and successor , was shot and killed by a stray arrow while hunting in the forest in 1100 . whether he was assassinated or the victim of an accident remains a matter of debate . the rufus stone , a small memorial near stoney cross in the heart of the forest , marks the spot where he reputedly fell . the forest is still largely in royal hands , with around 90 per cent of it belonging to the crown . it became a national park in 2005 .