by 2030 up to 170 million hectares ( 420 million acres ) of forest - equivalent to the combined size of germany , france , spain and portugal - could be lost , conservationists have warned . the huge amount of global deforestation is expected to occur in less than a dozen global hostpots , based on current trends . research by wildlife charity the wwf identified 11 ' deforestation fronts ' where 80 per cent of projected global forest losses by 2030 could occur . by 2030 up to 170 million hectares ( 420 million acres ) of forest - equivalent to the combined size of germany , france , spain and portugal - could be lost in just 11 hotspots , including the amazon ( shown ) and eastern australia , conservationists have warned . the areas are the amazon , the atlantic forest and gran chaco , and the cerrado in south america , the choco-darien in central america , the congo basin , east africa , eastern australia , the greater mekong in south east asia , borneo , new guinea and sumatra . the fronts , which are at sustained and increased risk of deforestation , are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as orangutans and tigers , the wwf said . the amazon . the atlantic forest and gran chaco . the cerrado . the choco-darien . the congo basin . east africa . eastern australia . the greater mekong . borneo . new guinea . sumatra . but they are being lost to expanding agriculture , including livestock farming , palm oil plantations and soy production , as well as small-scale farmers , the wwf 's latest living forests report warned . unsustainable logging and wood fuel collection is also causing forest degradation - while mining , construction of hydroelectric dams and other projects cause roads to be built that open new areas of forest to settlers and agriculture , the wwf warned . the conservation group is calling for action including expanding and strengthening protected areas , recognising the benefits forests provide and boosting schemes which provide incentives to countries to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from deforestation . wwf-uk is campaigning to close european union loopholes which mean that products such as furniture , books or cards can be sold which have been made from illegally or unsustainably sourced wood . the fronts , which are at sustained and increased risk of deforestation , are home to indigenous communities that depend them for their livelihoods and endangered species such as orangutans and tigers , the wwf said . 80 per cent of projected losses will occur in just these 11 areas . rod taylor , director of the wwf 's global forest programme , said : ' imagine a forest stretching across germany , france , spain and portugal wiped out in just 20 years . ' we must tackle that risk to save the communities and cultures that depend on forests , and ensure forests continue to store carbon , filter our water , supply wood and provide habitat for millions of species . ' wwf analysis shows that more than 230 million hectares ( 570 million acres ) of forest could vanish by 2050 if no action is taken , with the organisation warning that forest loss must be reduced to near zero by 2020 to avoid dangerous climate change and economic losses . they are being lost to expanding agriculture ( example of a rainforest cleared in the amazon shown ) , including livestock farming , palm oil plantations and soy production , as well as small-scale farmers , the wwf 's latest living forests report warned . unsustainable logging and wood fuel collection ( shown in australia ) is also causing forest degradation - while mining , construction of hydroelectric dams and other projects cause roads to be built that open new areas of forest to settlers and agriculture , said the wwf . wwf-uk 's chief adviser of forests , will ashley-cantello , said : ' deforestation needs to stop if we are to reverse biodiversity loss and combat climate change - which , if unchecked , will affect our quality of life . ' managing forests sustainably could underpin sustainable development , poverty alleviation and a stable climate around the world . ' he added : ' here in the uk you can still buy furniture , books , cards and other products made from illegally or unsustainably sourced wood . eu rules to prevent the exploitation of forests only cover half of traded products . ' the next uk government should lobby hard to end this nonsense . ' thousands of square miles of rainforest is cleared in the amazon each year to make way for farming land - a pattern of destruction that takes place all around the world . but despite this , the planet has got greener in the past decade , with the total amount of plant coverage increasing overall , according to one study . the increase is so noticeable that the world 's trees and plants now store almost four billion more tonnes of carbon than they did in 2003 . this is thanks to tree-planting in china , forest regrowth in former soviet states because of abandoned farms , and more lush savannas because of higher rainfall . scientists analysed 20 years of satellite data and found an increase in carbon , despite ongoing large-scale tropical deforestation in brazil and indonesia , according to research published in nature climate change .