there was poetic symmetry in glenn murray 's humbling of vincent kompany at selhurst park on monday night . ten years ago this month , the crystal palace striker humiliated another of the world 's best defenders , world cup and champions league winner gerard pique . sure , pique was just 18 at the time and playing for manchester united 's reserves but he , like kompany , is all too aware of murray 's talents after the cumbrian scored a hat-trick against him in carlisle colours . glenn murray jumps for joy after putting crystal palace 1-0 up against manchester city on monday night . barcelona and spain defender gerard pique once conceded three against murray in a reserve match in 2005 . their careers have taken wholly different paths in the last decade but after a man-of-the-match display which all but ended the premier league champions ' title defence in a match viewed by millions around the world , murray now gets a little taste of the limelight that pique has basked in at barcelona for years . his poachers ' effort on monday was his fifth goal in his last five games . murray now boasts the fifth-best goals-per-minute ratio in europe 's top five leagues . he may lack pace but murray 's speed of thought is rapid and you will struggle to find a frontman in the land with a better ability to win the ball in the air , bring others in to play and generally unsettle defenders . just look at how troubled the vastly experienced and physically powerfully manchester city pair of kompany and martin demichelis were on monday night . much of murray 's success comes from his cunning , a nous to win duels and subtly influence referees no doubt enhanced by years playing at the lower levels . murray holds off a challenge from manchester city captain vincent kompany . kompany looks inconsolable at the end of the game after manchester city were beaten 2-1 . and we 're not just talking leagues one and two here , where murray first began to shine with rochdale and brighton . before then he had turned out in non-league for workington , barrow , carlisle and even had a spell at wilmington hammerheads in america’s third tier . footballers just do n't take that sort of path to the top anymore , but there is no doubt murray , now 31 , deserves his chance . his telepathic understanding with flying wingers wilfried zaha and yannick bolasie brought him 30 goals in 2012-13 and with it crystal palace 's promotion . cruelly , he ruptured his cruciate knee ligament in the play-off semi-final victory over brighton that year and missed the majority of last season recovering . he had notched up 14 appearances by the end of the campaign , mostly off the bench , but looked a shadow of his former self under tony pulis , with the exception of a typically bullying display in liverpool 's famous implosion at selhurst last may . murray celebrates scoring at old trafford as palace beat manchester united in december 2011 . murray scores against manchester city for brighton in the league cup back in september 2008 . despite his rugged style murray , like most players , needs a proverbial arm around the shoulder to produce his best - something alan pardew has undoubtedly afforded him and that neil warnock before him emphatically failed to do . pardew 's predecessor shipped murray out on loan to reading to make room in his squad for kevin doyle , a striker who had scored just three goals in 23 games in league one for wolves the season before . how foolish that move looks now . pardew , in contrast , immediately reinstalled murray in the palace side and gave him a new contract to the end of next season when he took over in january . his faith has been rewarded with a rich vein of goalscoring form that gives murray the best goals-per-minute ratio of anyone in the premier league . murray wheels away to celebrate as city 's defenders appeal in vain for offside . the cumbrian striker signed a new contract for crystal palace back in january . only four players in europe have a better ratio than murray – though he has some way to go to catch cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi . one thing is for sure though , kompany will certainly be glad to see the back of him , as was pique 10 years ago .