as zlatan ibrahimovic famously believes the world cup is ' nothing to watch ' without him , he 's unlikely to be quaking in his boots about facing lionel messi in the nou camp on tuesday night . for most people , barcelona 's progress into the champions league semi-final looks a formality given they beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the first leg in france . the only man bound to disagree is the one who modestly called his autobiography ' i am zlatan ' . zlatan ibrahimovic is put through his paces with blaise matuidi ( left ) and zoumana camara at the nou camp . ibrahimovic and his psg team-mates , including david luiz , pictured , face barcelona on tuesday night . the sweden international was suspended for the first leg after he was dismissed against chelsea . at 33 , ibrahimovic is past caring what other people think of him . with an ego that makes louis van gaal look like a shrinking violet , he 'll walk down the tunnel at the nou camp convinced in his own mind that messi , neymar and luis suarez will be in awe of him . when asked to name a dream team of team-mates he 'd played with , he named himself up front with messi – ahead of thierry henry and alessandro del piero . ' football is n't something you plan in advance . it just happens , ' he says . his 30-yard propellor kick for sweden against england is rated by steven gerrard as the greatest goal he 's ever seen . to be fair , ibrahimovic 's cv allows him plenty of bragging rights . the swede with bosnian roots has played for ajax , juventus , barcelona and both milan giants . he once won eight league titles in a row . not bad for a poor kid whose immigrant parents moved to the roughest part of malmo . now he 's trying to make new history with psg . he was the marquee signing when qatari owners bought the paris side and decided to try and turn it into europe 's greatest football club . they agreed to pay him £200,000-a-week , even though france 's 75 per cent top tax rate meant their total bill would be close to £50million a year . not that ibrahimovic is that overly grateful . he recently called france a 's**t country ' and had to apologise in a rare burst of self-awareness . despite domestic dominance , champions league glory has remained elusive so far . ibrahimovic has never won the trophy as a player , and his bad luck in the competition continued when he was harshly sent off in the previous round against chelsea and was therefore suspended for the first leg against barca . ibrahimovic is psg 's main attraction and will take centre stage against his old club barcelona on tuesday . the former barcelona striker jumps for joy after scoirng against bastia in the french league cup final . ibrahimovic , pictured celebrating with marquinhos , will be convinced that psg can progress against barca . for paris to pull off one of european football 's greatest comebacks , zlatan and marco verratti will have to excel . ibrahimovic undoubtedly has the talent to produce a flash of brilliance or two to put luis enrique 's men under pressure . his balletic left-footed back heel while on the rise for sweden against italy at euro 2004 was a goal very few players could have scored . his famous strike against england silenced those who wondered why he could never produce against british clubs . against barcelona , ibra will have special motivation . he spent a season at the nou camp in 2009/10 . it should have been the perfect stage for his talents but he moved to inter milan after just a year . ibrahimovic spent just one season at the nou camp before moving to serie a giants inter milan . he felt messi 's insistence on playing more centrally inhibited his own game and that coach pep guardiola was n't strong enough to devise a system that could incorporate both of them . he called guardiola a ' spineless coward ' after barcelona were beaten by jose mourinho 's inter milan in the champions league . ibrahimovic made his point by scoring for paris in barcelona in a group game earlier this season . but this is the big one . nobody will give him a chance – except for zlatan himself .