media personality miranda devine has apologised after calling a rugby player a ' tosser ' for celebrating a try using sign language . flanker david pocock scored a hat-trick of tries for australian super rugby team , the brumbies , who were on their way to a win against the highlanders at canberra stadium on friday night . devine tweeted : ' did pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try ? ! ! ! what a tosser ! ' but unfortunately for devine , it was n't actually the hand shaking gesture that 's become popular recently - the flanker and former australian captain was actually doing sign language for a friend , which pocock pointed out in reply . miranda devine has apologised after calling david pocock a ' tosser ' for celebrating a try using sign language . devine had assumed a gesture pocock had made after scoring a try on friday night was ' jazz hands ' . devine tweeted : ' did pocock actually do jazz hands when he celebrated a try ? ! ! ! what a tosser ! ' after the match , pocock responded to devine that she 'd misinterpreted his hand movements . ' it was actually auslan/sign language for clapping . i have a friend who 's first language is auslan so it was for her… ' he tweeted . ms devine then quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh with her initial judgement . ' that 's really nice . sorry i misjudged . glad it was n't jazz hands ! and congrats on your hat trick , ' she replied , alongside an emoji of two open hands . this emoji can be interpreted as showing praise for someone or – fittingly – jazz hands . ' it was actually auslan/sign language for clapping . i have a friend who 's first language is auslan so it was for her… ' pocock tweeted in return . ms devine then quickly changed her tune and apologised for being so harsh with her initial judgement . pocock was gracious in his reply , tweeting ' thanks , miranda . that 's totally fine . also glad it was n't `` jazz hands '' , ' accompanied by a smiley face . pocock was gracious in his reply , tweeting ' thanks , miranda . that 's totally fine . also glad it was n't `` jazz hands '' , ' accompanied by a smiley face . however , other social media users were n't as quick to forgive . ' in fairness , devine apologised to pocock . but really : ( 1 ) what kind of adult writes a tweet like that ; and ( 2 ) what 's wrong with jazz hands , ' columnist benjamin law tweeted . ' egg , meet face , ' criag wilson wrote . other social media users were n't as quick to forgive devine , despite her quick apology . but others were perfectly fine with jazz hands : ' am i the only one that thinks jazz hands would have been totally acceptable also ? ' tweeted kim o'neill . others on social media were more understanding , taking the view that ' accidents happen ' . ' and you 've *never* made a dumb*** assumption/judgement ? ' the woman wrote to someone who had condemned ms devine 's comment . ' we 're all capable of foot-in-mouth . '