three people are fortunate to be alive after a hot air balloon collided with a transmission tower and crashed to the ground during a training session in russia . in the incident , which was captured on camera , the balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket , which carries three occupants , plummets to the ground . the instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are all reported to be in a stable condition . the filmmaker captured the moment the balloon collides with the side of the transmission tower . the horrifying incident took place in the sky over russia’s dmitrov district . recording from a car , the filmmaker follows three hot air balloons through the trees as they float in the sky . in the right hand corner of the screen a balloon can be seen edging closer to a transmission tower , but it seems it be moving in a controlled manner . suddenly the balloon begins plummeting to the ground as the filmmaker continues to drive towards it . the balloon begins disintegrating and the basket , carrying three people , plummets towards the ground . suddenly as the balloon passes by it collides with the tower , and despite the filmmaker’s distance from the accident , the tension on the balloon is visible . continuing to drive closer to the balloon , the video maker captures it swaying in the wind – its tiny basket perched quite a distance above the ground . the car then makes its final approach towards it and suddenly the balloon begins plummeting as it starts to tear . the basket speeds up and hits the ground but luckily all of the passengers survive the accident . within seconds the balloon appears to have disintegrated entirely and the basket begins to descend even quicker . suddenly it crashes to the ground – and a scream can be heard from within side the filmmaker’s car . the video concludes with a number of people running over towards the fallen basket in an attempt to help the people on board as debris from the destroyed balloon rains down on them . the video concludes with people running over to the fallen basket and attempting to assist the passengers .