a senior high school in china has installed metal bars on all balconies after two pupils committed suicide in six months . web users suggested the fence was put up by school authorities to prevent more pupils from jumping off the building , the people 's daily online reports . hengshui no 2 middle school is an ' exemplary school ' in hebei province in central china . with nearly 10,000 pupils and more than 500 teachers , the boarding school is well-known for its outstanding academic achievement . behind bars : hengshui no.2 middle school is accused of making itself look like a prison in order to prevent students from committing suicide . a large number of the school 's pupils are admitted by top universities every year , which inspires parents from across the country to send their children to study there in order to have a ' bright future ' . two pupils from the school plunged to death , one in october and one in march . both were reported to be third-grade pupils , who were at their final year at hengshui before taking the university entrance examination . pictures of the school 's new balcony fence first appeared last week on weibo , china 's equivalent of twitter . a weibo user named ' nicky wu from the east ' posted this set of images on april 16th . ' in order to prevent pupils from jumping off the building , hengshui middle school has spent a fortune , ' wrote the user . tragic : two pupils from the school have plunged to death since last october , causing public outcry . another user named mr chen zonghe commented : ' this is indeed a school , but in order to stop pupils from taking their lives , it has made itself look like a prison . ' causes of the two suicides were not officially reported by chinese media , but many suspect they were linked to the aggressive teaching style the school is famous for . the campus is run with a military-style management . all students must get up at 5:30 and study 10 hours a day . all meals must be finished within 15 minutes and toilet breaks are less than three minutes , according to xinhua news agency . students are given one holiday every three weeks . stressful : banners are hung throughout the campus to impress pupils that only success is allowed . various videos online also show how the school trains pupils like exam machines . banners are hung throughout the campus , bearing inspiring slogans such as ' key to the success of the university entrance examination is to succeed in every day , every subject and every question ' . in an 'oath-taking ceremony ' held for the third-grade , thousands of pupils are seen standing on the playground wearing uniforms yelling ' i must succeed ' unanimously and repeatedly . the education authority of hengshui told chinese media they have noticed the pictures of the so called 'anti-suicide bars ' in no 2 middle school and they are currently investigating the case .