steven gerrard and phil jagielka stood shoulder-to-shoulder and paid a poignant tribute by releasing 96 red balloons in memory of liverpool fans who died at hillsborough . wednesday marked the 26th anniversary of the disaster that unfolded during an fa cup semi-final between liverpool and nottingham forest and the annual memorial service was typically poignant and emotional . liverpool manager brendan rodgers , chief executive ian ayre and the entire liverpool squad attended , along with a host of former players including kenny dalglish , ian rush , phil thompson , robbie fowler , john aldridge - who gave the second reading - and jamie carragher . there was also significant representation from everton , with manager roberto martinez joining his captain jagielka and club ambassador graham stuart , who also gave a reading . an inquest into the tragedy is ongoing and margaret aspinall , chair of the hillsborough families support group , said : ‘ there is still a job to be done . steven gerrard ( left ) and phil jagielka ( right ) released 96 balloons at the 26th hillsborough memorial service at anfield . supporters from both liverpool and everton stand together to pay respect to those who died . liverpool captain gerrard lost a family member during the hillsborough disaster . the 96 balloons commemorate the 96 supporters who lost their lives at the hillsborough disaster 26 years ago . liverpool manager brendan rodgers was present alongside his team at the 26th hillsborough anniversary at anfield . thousands of fans joined families at anfield for the 26th hillsborough anniversary memorial service , along with the liverpool squad . scarfs and balloons were placed in front of the kop as the families , fans , players and club legends arrived for the service . liverpool captain gerrard pictured during the memorial service at anfield for the 26th hillsborough anniversary . jordan henderson ( right ) followed by alberto moreno ( second right ) and mario balotelli ( fifth right ) arrive for the service at anfield . joe allen ( right ) greets supporters upon arriving at the hillsborough memorial service as fabio borini ( second right ) looks on . liverpool duo philippe coutinho ( left ) and emre can pictured arriving at anfield for service . balotelli ( left ) pictured arriving for the service alongside liverpool defender mamadou sakho . former liverpool defender jamie carragher is welcomed by supporters after arriving at the memorial service at anfield . raheem sterling and daniel sturridge arrive at anfield ( left ) while gerrard and rodgers take their seats at anfield . the eternal ring , which has names of the supporters who died at hillsborough inscribed inside , pictured at anfield . balloons commemorating the 96 people who died at hillsborough float next to the kop during the memorial service . john aldridge , a former liverpool striker , addressed the crowd at the 26th hillsborough anniversary . liverpool manager rodgers ( centre ) pays his respects along with the liverpool squad during the memorial service . balotelli pictured alongside jose enrique and other liverpool squad members upon arriving at the memorial service at anfield . graham stuart , a former everton player , also addressed the crowd at the hillsborough memorial service . john bishop , a liverpool supporter , was at anfield to pay his respects to the 96 who died . kenny dalglish ( left ) , liverpool managing director ian ayre ( centre ) and rodgers mark the 26th hillsborough anniversary . daglish ( left ) and ayre lay flowers at the memorial of the hillsborough victims at anfield . tributes were laid on the pitch at anfield to remember the 96 supporters that lost their lives . flowers are laid at the side of the pitch to remember the 96 people who died at hillsborough . everton manager roberto martinez ( left ) arrives at anfield for the service alongside toffees defender and captain jagielka . an everton supporter pays his respects to the liverpool fans who died at hillsborough 26 years ago . 