the devastated husband of a woman who drowned in a ‘freak’ snorkelling accident has posted a heartbreaking tribute to her on facebook . teresa swarbrick , known affectionately to her friends and family as etch , died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near julian rocks off the coast of byron bay in nsw . the mother of two , from western sydney , was caught in strong currents and lost consciousness before being pulled from the water . lifeguards and paramedics were unable to revive her with cpr . mrs swarbrick’s husband alan posted on her facebook page : ‘ hello to all of etch 's beautiful facebook friends and family . this message is from teresa’s husband alan and is one of the few messages i have ever posted on facebook but it is by far the hardest i will ever need to . ’ alan swarbrick ( left ) has posted a heartbreaking tribute to his wife teresa ( right ) after she drowned while snorkelling . the mother of two died on april 8 after reportedly getting into trouble in the water near julian rocks off the coast of byron bay in nsw . he wrote : ‘ on wednesday 8th april 2015 at approx 3:30 pm we lost our beautiful teresa or etch as we all know her when she drowned in a freak accident on a snorkelling trip at byron bay , nsw . ‘ at this stage i do not know what to say , there are no words to express my sadness and devastation for our family . ‘ she is a special soul and i simply can not express the love we had together , it is a very special bond and i love her so much . i know she also loved james and abbey with that same special bond . ‘ she loved all the special friends she had and cherished all of you and the many memories we had together . i know she would want me to share this sad message with you . ’ mrs swarbrick 's husband alan posted on her facebook page : ‘ this is one of the few messages i have ever posted on facebook but it is by far the hardest i will ever need to . ' mrs swarbrick is pictured here with her husband and two children abbey and james . ‘ she is a special soul and i simply can not express the love we had together , ' mr swarbrick said . he signed off the tribute by saying : ‘ i am sorry that i am short for words but we are still in shock and totally lost on what to say to all of you . she is always in our hearts and with us all . lots of love , from alan , abbey and james xx . ’ mrs swarbrick’s daughter abbey commented on the status , writing : ‘ stay strong to everyone else as well . ’ dozens of friends sent outpourings of love and support to the family . leticia m. hill : ‘ i am heartsick , devastated and totally saddened by this tragic news ! ! ! i 'm typing this with tears in my eyes ! i wish i could hold you all in my arms ! ’ jazmin sol said : ‘ i am so so sorry for your loss al , james and abbey . it 's such devastating news i just can not believe it . such a beautiful person inside and out she will be missed terribly . if you need anything at all please let us know . xxxx’ . mrs swarbrick’s funeral will be held this friday . mr swarbrick signed of his message by writing ' i am sorry that i am short for words but we are still in shock ' . 