a respected women 's institute president has been convicted after raiding the bank account of her dying life-long friend . kathleen bailey , 70 , a church elder and avid charity fundraiser , was given power of attorney over her terminally ill 87-year-old friend 's finances . bailey later became a carer for her victim , who was battling breast cancer and had no children . but the grandmother , from ramsbottom , greater manchester , helped herself to at least £1,500 and used the money to finance trips to north wales . kathleen bailey ( pictured ) was given a suspended jail sentence after admitting stealing from her dying friend 's bank account . she was handed a 12-month suspended jail sentence after admitting a charge of theft at bolton crown court . she was also ordered to pay £1,500 to her victim 's estate . the court heard her victim had persuaded bailey to take power of attorney , giving her control of the sick friend 's financial affairs . she had used the power properly at first to ensure her friend was looked after in a care home in bury and enjoyed days out . but she then ' overstepped the mark ' , according to the prosecution , when she helped herself to cash from her friend 's account . officials at natwest bank in ramsbottom suspended the account when they noticed increasingly large sums of money being withdrawn from october 2012 . over a three-month period , £800 , £880 and £1,100 was taken out in successive transactions . the police arrested bailey at her home in ramsbottom - and her victim died eight weeks later . before her death , she told officers she had been happy for her friend to treat herself , the court heard . colin buckle , defending , said the pair had been life-long friends and that bailey had become her elderly friend 's carer , and had also taken her away on holidays as well as carrying out daily chores . the defendant ' still misses her friend ' , he said . she was handed a suspended jail sentence after admitting a charge of theft at bolton crown court ( pictured ) . but the prosecution said bailey ' overstepped the mark ' and took at least £1,500 for herself although the exact figure was not known . ' when she found out her friend of 70 years had betrayed her trust she was devastated . ' after the hearing , a member of the victim 's family - who believe bailey stole as much as £10,000 - said : ' i am absolutely shocked and appalled how anybody could do this to such a caring , loving lady , especially when she was in such poor health , fighting terminal cancer . ' when she found out that kathleen bailey had betrayed her trust and stolen her savings which were paying for her nursing care , she was devastated . ' she told me it was n't just the money , it was the fact that her best friend of 70 years and whom she relied on in her ill health had betrayed her trust . ' she had been such a strong lady , but her confidence was so severely knocked that within a few weeks , she had lost her 12-year battle with cancer . ' a friend blasted bailey 's ' shameless crime ' , adding : ' the money that the victim had was being used to pay for her care . she thought at first that it had all gone . ' she was devastated by the breach of trust . they were close friends for years and she treated her as a daughter . it 's an awful thing to do to a dying woman . she was a lovely women who was very generous . ' bailey 's solicitor helen vaughan added : ' i have absolutely no doubt kathleen bailey intended no harm or wrong towards her friend . ' bailey was president of the shuttleworth-in-ramsbottom women 's institute and a well-known church elder at dundee united reformed church . she was also involved in a number of charities and organisations , including ramsbottom fire cadets . 