a doctor who ploughed into an elderly couple in a 50mph head on crash while rushing to work has escaped prosecution after the police officer investigating the case went off sick . the female driver in a toyota aygo pulled in front of colin kay as he was driving his citroen picasso on the a586 in great eccleston in lancashire last year . the collision was captured on film as mr kay had fitted a camera to his dashboard and revealed how he had no time to react and avoid the crash . scroll down for video . colin kay captured the collision on a dashcam which showed how the toyota aygo driver veered across the road . the incident happened on the a586 in great eccleston in lancashire last year and mr kay provided lancashire police with the footage . after the incident last year , the doctor driving the toyota also had to be cut from her vehicle and was taken to the royal preston hospital by air ambulance . the 72-year-old was left with bruises after the crash and his wife krysia suffered a whiplash injury to her shoulder . but despite having evidence recorded on his dashcam , mr kay has now been told there will be no further action because the investigating officer went off sick and they could not prepare the paperwork in time . the retired engineer from bacup in lancashire , said : ' i contacted the police because i was keen to see a full prosecution to stop more careless driving . ' but nothing has been done because the investigating officer went off sick and they could not prepare the paperwork in time . mr kay has taken his case to the ipcc after the driver who ploughed into his car will not face any further action after the investigating officer went off sick . ' i think it is disgusting . if i was off sick somebody picked up my work . she has just got away with it and that 's that . ' the pensioner has now contacted the independent police complaints commission ( ipcc ) and sent them a copy of the footage after learning there would be no further action . he added : ' i have written to the ipcc and put my points across - it 's not only my case not acted upon , how many others have not been acted upon ? '' ' the only way our roads are going to become safer is when motorists driving carelessly like this are punished . mr kay with the footage on his computer . he says it is disgusting that there will be no action due the case not being picked up by another officer . ' my wife and i were very lucky that we were not more seriously hurt and we are very disappointed that no police action has been taken in this case . ' after the incident last year , the doctor driving the toyota also had to be cut from her vehicle and was taken to the royal preston hospital by air ambulance . it is understood she did not have serious injuries . the grandfather-of-seven explained : ' we were extremely lucky . i have a pacemaker and i thought my chest was going to explode . ' we were both bruised right across where the seatbelts were . ' it is a miracle that no one was more seriously hurt given that it was a serious head-on smash at 50mph . ' i had very little time to brake because she turned right in front of me due to a lapse in concentration . `` i feared the worst afterwards because she was trapped in her vehicle but thankfully she was not badly hurt , and was cut out by the lancashire fire and rescue . ' a spokesman for lancashire police explained that there is a six-month period in which a prosecution would have to take place . this is the time limit set for summary offences , which are heard in a magistrates court to come to court . they also added that it was unfortunate that another officer failed to pick up the case instead . he said : ' officers attended the scene and carried out a thorough investigation . ' an accident report was submitted with a recommendation for the driver to attend a drivers ' alertness course . ' unfortunately , the officer in the case was off sick and the report was not processed within the allocated time frame for prosecution . ' 