odds on the new royal baby being a girl have tumbled after a bookmaker revealed that 90 per cent of bets placed on the sex have been in favour of a female child . the odds were slashed further yesterday after a scottish punter from edinburgh placed a whopping £2,000 wager on a new princess with ladbrokes . betting on the new royal baby 's date of birth has also been hotting up , with the 18th , 19th and 20th april the most popular choices - even though the official due date is the 25th . scroll down for video . a little princess ? the majority of punters are convinced that the duchess will give birth to a girl . ' money talks , and punters all over the uk are convinced kate will give birth to a baby girl soon , ' comments ladbrokes spokesman jessica bridge . ' it looks like the only people hoping for a boy are the bookies , and maybe prince george . ' despite there being more than a week to go until the 25th , royal fans have already begun staking their claim to spots outside the lindo wing at st. mary 's hospital in paddington . the world 's media are also expected to descend on london shortly , with media facilities at the hospital opening tomorrow . names have also proved popular with betting fans , with alice the current front runner for a princess , followed by victoria . both have a suitably regal pedigree , with victoria boasting a particularly spectacular history and a string of titled owners . getting ready : preparations have begun at the lindo wing , with police warning of a ' special event ' . last engagements : the duchess of cambridge , seen here in woolwich , has n't been seen since march . take two : the duke and duchess of cambridge pictured with prince george after his birth in 2013 . most notable of those is the new baby 's five-times great grandmother queen victoria , who ruled at the height of the british empire and gloried in the title of empress of india as well as queen . her eldest daughter , the mother of the future kaiser wilhelm of germany , was also called victoria , as were an impressive 12 of queen victoria 's granddaughters . another famous victoria is sweden 's crown princess victoria , 37 , who will follow her 68-year-old father king carl xvi gustaf onto the swedish throne . alice , meanwhile , was bestowed on another of queen victoria 's daughters , princess alice maud marie , who went on to marry louis iv , grand duke of hesse . the couple had seven children , among them the doomed last tsarina of russia , alexandra fyodorovna , and victoria , first princess louis of battenburg and then marchioness of milford haven . pedigree : contemporary royal victorias include sweden 's crown princess , pictured at her 2010 wedding . princess alice : famous royal alices include prince philip 's mother , princess alice of greece and denmark . will it be james ? along with seven british monarchs , james is also the name of the duchess ' brother . her daughter , also called alice , produced the most famous of alice of hesse 's descendants - prince philip of greece and denmark , now the duke of edinburgh . should the punters of britain be wrong and the duchess of cambridge produce a second baby boy instead , favourites include james and arthur . james , although boasting a royal pedigree the equal of victoria , is also a middleton stalwart and is the name of the duchess ' 29-year-old brother . the moniker has also been used by two kings of britain as a whole , james i and james ii , and another five scottish monarchs . arthur , meanwhile , is derived from the celtic artorīgios which translates as ' bear king ' and has a pedigree that includes britain 's most famous mythical king . alice 3/1 . elizabeth 5/1 . charlotte 6/1 . alexandra 8/1 . james 8/1 . victoria 10/1 . arthur 10/1 . diana 12/1 . henry 16/1 . catherine 16/1 . charles 16/1 . thomas 16/1 . phillip 20/1 . william 20/1 . mary 20/1 . albert 20/1 . francis 20/1 . david 20/1 . frances 25/1 . alexander 25/1 . spencer 25/1 . eleanor 25/1 . florence 25/1 . margaret 25/1 . michael 25/1 . richard 25/1 . rose 25/1 . anne 25/1 . sarah 25/1 . louis 25/1 . grace 25/1 . peter 25/1 . samuel 25/1 . samantha 25/1 .