one child is dead after a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday . two children were pulled from the submerged vehicle then hospitalized in grave condition where one later died . the car left a parking lot at the ports o ' call entertainment area of san pedro shortly after 6pm and ran off the road at berth 73 of the port of los angeles . the car traveled some distance before lurching into the harbor , where it landed upside down in about 30 feet of water just off of berth 73 , fire department spokesman brian humphrey said . scroll down for video . pulled from the water : a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday , and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized in grave condition until one later died . rescue attempt : the two children pulled from the submerged vehicle by firefighters were hospitalized in grave condition , authorities said . hero : firefighter miguel meza ( left ) who dove into the water in san pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the facebook page of city councilman joe buscaino ( right ) . two adults were found swimming in the water when rescuers arrived , he said . divers found two children inside the car . they had no pulses and were n't breathing when divers brought them up , and resuscitation efforts began immediately , humphrey said . the adults were described as being in fair condition but ' clearly emotionally distraught , ' humphrey said . firefighter miguel meza who dove into the water in san pedro after a car carrying a family of four plunged into the water has been hailed a hero on the facebook page of los angeles city councilman joe buscaino . ' firefighter miguel meza jumped into the water at berth 73 tonight in san pedro after a car with a family of four drove into the water . this man is a true hero in the city of angels and i am so proud of him ! , he said . sucessful search : divers emerge from the water as debris believed to be from the car floats to the surface where a car went off the berth and into the water . divers working in murky water searched the car and even opened the trunk , but they found no one else in it , humphrey said . the cause of the accident was under investigation . ' we do n't know at this time whether it was an accident or an intentional event , ' he said . nearly 100 firefighters , divers and helicopter and boat crews went to the scene , humphrey said . abc reports that the event that led up the incident remain unknown . witnesses told police that they heard screeching tires before the car made the plunge . one dead : one of the children who fell into the la harbor has died and another child is in grave condition .