britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness in an international league table looking at a range of living standards . obesity levels were the main factor pushing the uk down the health rankings . with figures showing that almost one in four of the population is obese , britain was 111th out of 133 countries on that specific measure . overall , the uk came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity , health and tolerance , putting us outside the top ten most civilised and best-off people in the world . britain has been ranked only the 27th best country in the world for health and wellness in an international league table , put together by a harvard business school academic , looking at a range of living standards . overall , the uk came 11th in the table of countries with the highest standards of prosperity , health and tolerance , putting britain outside the top ten most civilised and best-off people in the world . despite national earnings that make us the world’s fifth richest country , living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness , particularly obesity . we also got low placings for lack of religious tolerance , crime rates that are only middling by world standards and for the speed at which we soak up water resources and destroy natural habitats . the findings recorded by us analysts in a ‘ social progress index’ suggest that the fast economic recovery from the recession has done little to ease longstanding problems that blight the lives of millions . the analysts , led by a harvard business school academic , based their research on the idea that financial records do not tell the whole truth about a country . the same thinking has driven david cameron to order whitehall to start collecting measurements of happiness and well-being . the social progress league table has been drawn up on the basis of ratings of essential medical care and everyday nutrition ; on housing and energy standards ; crime ; education ; health and fitness ; political and conscience rights and freedoms , and levels of tolerance . it broadly reflects the concerns of liberal and left-wing thinkers – for example countries are marked up if girls do not marry young , if contraception is universally available , and for low greenhouse gas emissions , but there are no rankings that take into account factors such as family break-up or single parenthood . index chief michael green said : ‘ overall , within europe the uk’s ranking is middle of the road : it is more socially advanced than the us , belgium , france , ireland or spain , but loses out to all the nordic countries , canada and australia . despite national earnings making the uk the world’s fifth richest country , living standards are driven down by poor health and fitness , particularly obesity , as well as a lack of religious tolerance and crime ( file picture ) . ‘ the uk is let down by its disappointing score on health and wellness , and like many rich countries the uk’s lowest score is on ecosystem sustainability . ’ the table – which says norway followed by sweden and switzerland are the best-off countries in the world – lists only four eu countries in the top ten . it says that italy , at 31 , is doing less well than costa rica , chile or uruguay . israel is even further down the table , below argentina and mauritius . britain is first in the world , according to the researchers , for conquering hunger , providing water and sanitation , for electricity supply , a low murder rate , adult literacy , and freedom of speech and movement . it also wins top spot for the number of globally-recognised universities , for low levels of women marrying at young ages , and for numbers of mobile phone users . however the uk is 32nd for its comparatively high rates of deaths from infectious disease , and 33rd for public concern about crime . for freedom of religion britain is 50th , and for religious tolerance 80th . there are also poor results for the proportion of water resources that are taken for human use , where we are placed at 82 in the world , and for destruction of wildlife habitat , where we are 53rd . for press freedom , the uk is ranked 27th . professor michael porter of harvard business school , who headed the research , said : ‘ a striking finding is that gross domestic product is far from being the sole determinant of social progress . ’