a russian nuclear submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday . the emergency move came after premature reports that the flames had been put out . defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out . scroll down for video . smoke : the submarine that caught fire in a shipyard was submerged to extinguish the blaze yesterday . defence sources said the submarine 's weapons and critical elements of its nuclear reactor had been removed before the fire broke out . the 500ft-long oryol was in dock at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk , 620 miles north of moscow , on the white sea . the submarine 's dry dock was filled with water to put out the fire - a move taken after news agencies carried reports saying the emergency was already over . ' preparation for filling the dry dock with water is underway , ' said spokesman ilya zhitomirsky . ' the operation is necessary to extinguish the fire completely . ' filling the hull with foam to stop the flames spreading was ' not yielding results , ' said a source . ' no workers or members of the crew were harmed during the fire , ' said zhitomirsky . a source told tass news agency the submarine 's nuclear reactor had been shut down prior to the blaze . ' the active zone of the reactor was unloaded at the start of repairs a few years ago , ' the source said . emergency : a submarine undergoes repairs at zvezdochka shipyard in severodvinsk in 2012 . a nuclear submarine has caught fire at the naval base after welding set insulating material alight during repairs . the ' yekaterinburg ' nuclear-powered submarine at her mooring at the zvezdochka shipyard ( file picture ) . remote location : the submarine was being repaired in a shipyard in severodvinsk , around 1,000 kilometers ( 620 miles ) north of moscow on the white sea . the news agency reports said the fire had started during welding , causing insulation materials to catch fire . a similar blaze in 2011 nearly led to a nuclear disaster when a blaze engulfed a nuclear-powered submarine carrying atomic weapons . a leading russian magazine reported the threat months after the blaze , contradicting official assurances that it was not armed . the oscar ii-class submarine is capable of carrying nuclear-tipped cruise and anti-submarine missiles .