police in idaho are trying to track down the man who saved a driver from the scene of a precarious car crash at the edge of a cliff in idaho yesterday . the crash occurred about 8am wednesday in lewiston , at a drop called bryden canyon . the driver of the truck involved , mathew sitko , 23 , drove through a yard and over two terraces before getting snared in a chain-link fence . the fence is the only reason the car vehicle did not topple over into the canyon with sitko still behind the wheel , police told the lewiston tribune . scroll down for videos . incredible rescue : police in lewiston , idaho , are looking for this passer-by who pulled driver matthew sitko , 23 , from his car that was dangling over a cliff on wednesday . sitko crashed through the adjoiningg property and would have driven off the drop if it were n't for the chain-link fence . that 's when the mystery man arrived at the scene . the man , a passer-by , grabbed a nearby rock and smashed sitko 's window , before pulling the victim from the car . he dragged sitko further up to safety , where police and paramedics arrived shortly after to assist . ' he said he had to go , and he left , ' lewiston police officer eric olson told the tribune . driver : mathew sitko , 23 , of lewiston , idaho , is recovering in hospital from minor injuries following the crash . he wrote on his facebook page that he feels ' blessed ' for what happened . sitko was taken to hospital and is recovering from minor injuries , however he is lucky to be alive . it is unclear how far the canyon drop actually measured . witnesses say sitko was driving erratically and swerved to miss another motorist when the crash occurred . while police are investigating , they say he appeared to suffer a ' mental episode ' . not long after the crash sitko posted to his facebook page that he felt blessed . ' good morning everyone ! i am truly blessed by god today ! ! thank you god & jesus for taking care of me ! ! i love you ! ' he wrote on his facebook . sitko lists his job as working for moscow and lewiston landscaping .