charity runners taking part in a 10km fun run at the weekend were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour . the blunder was believed to have been caused by a race marshal taking a toilet break during the event , missing 300 runners who should have been directed at a junction point . instead they continued past the unmanned marshall point and had to run for an extra three kilometres while the other 900 competitors followed the correct route . scroll down for video . blunder : charity runners taking part in yesterday 's bournemouth bay 10k run ( pictured ) were left exhausted after being sent on an unscheduled two-mile detour . the bizarre gaffe happened during yesterday 's bournemouth bay run and today the organisers - bournemouth borough council - appealed for those who were affected by the mix-up to contact them for a ' gesture of goodwill . ' a local authority spokesman said that it was investigating what happened to the marshal who should have directed runners at a turning point . it was reported that some runners were ' in tears ' while one described the event 's organisation as ' shambolic ' . hayley james , who is four months pregnant and from poole , said : ' to have a race of that scale with only one marshal on a point is inexcusable . ' we saw loads of people walking at the end , some were in tears , i felt so sorry for them - i felt like crying at the 10km mark . ' andy isaac , from bournemouth , said the event was ' mayhem ' with one point where an elderly woman managed to drive onto the route and was flashing her lights at oncoming runners . a map shows where up to 300 runners continued along the coastal path after a marshal who was meant to direct them on to a turn went to the toilet . reaction : two people vent their frustration at the bournemouth bay run on twitter yesterday . it also emerged that water stations ran out of supplies during the race , forcing some runners to drink from half-empty bottles that had been left on the ground as they battled against dehydration . commenting on the daily echo website , one runner said : “ we had a bottle of water at the three mile station , but at the six mile point they had totally ran out , so nothing . jon weaver , head of resort marketing and events at the council , said : ' unfortunately there was some confusion with marshalling arrangements at one point , but it was a critical point . we apologise unreservedly to those front runners . ' in 33 years of running ... this is the first time this has happened and as part of our debrief we will be analysing the arrangements carefully ... to learn for 2016 . ' we understand runners have trained for a long time for the event and it 's hard for them and we do empathise with how they are feeling . ' it was hoped that the event would have raised more than £70,000 for the british heart foundation . some racers took to twitter to vent their frustration over the blunder . rob kelly wrote : really disappointed in the # bournemouthbayrun 10k that ended up 13k very poor show bad marshalling # wontbeback . ' andkim kelly replied : ' totally agree and never got to do a 5k as they were 45mins behind schedule : ( ( ( . '