a top queensland barrister with a handsome income will use case law dating back 200 years to try to avoid a $ 146 speeding fine . tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws , the courier-mail reports . mr morris says he was n't driving when his volvo was photographed doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year . but he wo n't say who was behind the wheel . he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 , arguing it 's unconstitutional for a queensland court to fine him when there 's evidence he was not the driver . scroll down for video . tony morris qc is mounting a landmark legal challenge against queensland 's speed-camera laws . he says he was in a meeting with top judges when the volvo was snapped , and they are willing to testify that he was with them . he argues the spousal privilege principle , established in england 200 years ago , means a husband ca n't be compelled to provide information that incriminates his wife . ' i decline to identify the person who was in charge of the vehicle at the relevant time , ' mr morris reportedly wrote in a letter to the department of transport . earlier this year , mr morris wrote to federal , state and territory attorneys-general saying he planned to challenge parts of queensland 's speed-camera laws . mr morris is trying to avoid a $ 146 speeding fine in queensland . mr morris argues the spousal privilege principle , established in england 200 years ago , means a husband ca n't be compelled to provide information that incriminates his wife . car owners ca n't , under the law , say they know who the driver was but refuse to give a name . under the laws , the registered owner of a car has two options : name the driver or say they do n't know who was driving . car owners ca n't , under the law , say they know who the driver was but refuse to give a name . mr morris has told the courier-mail he ca n't see why he should dob someone in for driving the car when the legislation is invalid . he said the volvo caught by the speed camera was not his usual car , but would not tell the paper who usually drove it . the case will go to the court of appeal within weeks . 