an 18-year-old mother-of-one had two heart attacks before dying from multiple organ failure after taking m-cat at a house party , her family have said . abby swinfield , from castle donington , in derbyshire , was partying with friends when she was rushed to hospital in the early hours of march 30 . miss swinfield , who is believed to have a son , three , was taken to good hope hospital in sutton coldfield , west midlands , where she was placed in a coma , but died a week later . abby swinfield , 18 , a mother-of-one from castle donington , in derbyshire , was rushed to hospital in the early hours of march 30 after a house party in tamworth where it is thought she took m-cat . following miss swinfield 's death , police have arrested one girl for supplying drugs , but miss swinfield 's cousin has claimed she did n't take the drug voluntarily , saying her drink was spiked . neighbours say ambulances arrived at this property at 1am . after arriving at hospital miss swinfield was put into a coma , but died a week later . police are still waiting for the result of the post-mortem but it is believed the teenager had taken the illegal class b drug mephedrone - more commonly known as mcat or meow meow . miss swinfield 's mother kay , 39 , said : ' i 'm devastated . it happened at [ her friend ] lauren 's house . ' abby had n't seen lauren in three years but she kept contacting her and saying `` come to mine for a party . we got a phone call that night saying she was at the hospital . ' doctors told me she died of multiple organ failure after suffering two heart attacks . ' they said she 'd been lying in the same position for a long time because she had a big blister on her back . ' abby 's cousin lydia moore , 18 , added : ' we do n't think she took it on her own accord . we think her drink was spiked . ' abby was a perfect girl who would be there for you if you needed it . she had an amazing heart . she had so many friends . miss swinfield 's mother , kay , said she is ' devastated ' over her daughter 's death , saying she suffered two heart attacks before dying of multiple organ failure after taking the drug . miss swinfield has a son , who is believed to be three years old . her cousin lydia moore , 18 , said the youngster keeps asking for his mother . ' she had a beautiful son and she loved him . what 's heartbreaking is her son keeps asking for his mom . someone has taken his mom from him . the family has been torn apart . ' police have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying class b drugs , and she has been released on bail . staffordshire police said they have arrested a 20-year-old girl on suspicion of supplying drugs , amid allegations miss swinfield 's drink was spiked . linus pebliauskas , 29 , who lives on bridgwater street , where the party was held , said : ' i did n't know who lived at the house but there were many young lads going in and out of there . ' there was drinking throughout the day and not just at weekends . it was a bit of a party house from what i could tell . ' yesterday a friend who was at the party , but did not want to be named , added : ' we are in absolute shock . ' there was a house party and there were loads of people there , i do n't know how she got the drugs . ' she had a three-year-old boy , it is so tragic . ' her mum kay is absolutely distraught . she is really angry about what happened and the fact there were drugs at this party . ' she had come down to visit friends and have a good night out and now she is dead , i can not believe it . ' she was a very popular girl and we are just completely numb at the moment . i ca n't get my head around it . ' a spokeswoman for staffordshire police added : ' she has been released on police bail pending further investigation until a date in june . ' a post-mortem examination will take place in the coming days to help establish the cause of death . ' anyone with information on the incident is urged to call staffordshire police on 101 quoting incident 790 of march 30 . ' police had previously warned about the use of m-cat in tamworth after a raid two months ago during which 4lbs of the drug , worth thousands of pounds , was discovered .