discount store aldi’s astonishing success story continued yesterday as it overtook upmarket rival waitrose to become the sixth biggest supermarket in britain . the german discounter has won an increasing share of the market since the recession as cash-strapped families look for cheaper alternatives . it now lags behind only the ‘ big four’ – tesco , asda , sainsbury’s , morrisons – and the co-operative . growth : discount chain aldi now has a bigger market share than upmarket supermarket waitrose . major supermarkets have slashed prices in recent months to fend off competition from cut-price rivals such as aldi and lidl . despite this aldi has lifted its market share from 4.6 per cent to 5.3 per cent in the past three months . waitrose has 5.1 per cent of the market , up from 5 per cent , according to consumer research firm kantar worldpanel . lidl claimed recently that britain’s middle classes had become the ‘ lidl classes’ after sales rose by a fifth in a year . but while lidl remains eighth behind waitrose , aldi is now one of britain’s mainstream supermarkets . between january and the end of march , aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from the same time a year earlier . this compares to 3 per cent growth for waitrose , lifting its share of the market . the total market share of the ‘ big four’ fell below 73 per cent , the lowest for a decade . aldi – motto spend a little . live a lot – stocks virtually all own-branded goods and offers a far smaller selection of goods . by contrast middle-class rival waitrose , part of the john lewis partnership , focuses on customer service and high-quality produce . increase : consumer research firm kantar worldpanel said aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from january and the end of march compared to the same time a year earlier , compared to 3 per cent growth for waitrose . aldi has 560 stores and hopes to double in size by 2022 . yesterday , it announced it was opening nine more stores in london , creating up to 600 jobs . kantar worldpanel said aldi had recorded double-digit growth for the past four years . more than half a million new shoppers visited the store in the three months to march 29 , compared to a year before . lidl saw sales jump by almost 12 per cent over the period to secure a 3.7 per cent market share . this is some way off tesco’s dominant 28.4 per cent share , followed by asda at 17.1 per cent . but fraser mckevitt , at kantar worldpanel , said the success of aldi and lidl meant the entire structure of the ‘ supermarket landscape’ was changing . the price war between upmarket retailers and discounters has led to significantly cheaper food . the office for national statistics says food prices fell by more than 3 per cent in february compared to a year earlier . aldi began as a small food store opened by miner’s wife anna albrecht in the german town of essen in 1914 to support the family when her husband became ill . 