supermarket giant asda has been forced to recall dummies which could pose a choking risk to newborns for the second time in two years . the chain was alerted to a possible fault in the packs of little angels 2 newborn soothers 0+ months after a customer complaint on facebook . the complainant said that the teat had detached from the hard casing of one of the dummies , although luckily the baby was unharmed . the asda little angels 2 newborns 0+ dummies , which have been recalled by the supermarket over a potential choking risk . customers are now been asked to either dispose of the products or return them to an asda store , where they will be given a full refund . the supermarket said that no other asda little angels dummies had been affected and that the recall was a ' precaution ' . it comes after parents were also asked to return packs of the little angels cherry soother in january 2013 , when a fault was identified . again a choking risk emerged when one dummy came apart in a baby 's mouth . an asda spokesman said : ' these are two isolated incidents involving different products . ' we are yet to conduct our investigation to identify the cause of the problem , but we take any complaints about baby products extremely seriously , which is why we have taken the decision to recall the soothers as a precaution . ' the recall is the second that asda has issued in two years after the little angels cherry soother dummy was recalled after one came apart in a baby 's mouth ( file picture ) . meanwhile in a notice to customers , the supermarket apologised for any inconvenience caused by the recall of the dummies , which are sold in twin packs . asda said : ' we have had one customer complaint that the teat has broken away and detached from the hard casing , so we have taken the precaution of taking the product off sale and recalling from customers due to the possible choking risk . ' the care and safety of our customers is out top priority , which is why we are recalling the product even though there has been only one complaint and we are yet to conduct our investigation . ' in 2007 , the supermarket was also forced to recall 115,000 chinese-made bottles due to fears the caps could break off . although no child was hurt drinking from the bottles , which were intended for children aged three and over , the supermarket asked customers to return them for a full refund . 