spain 's king felipe and queen letizia put on a united front today , as they stepped out for the first time since explosive new claims about the 47-year-old monarch 's father emerged . according to a new book by a former royal correspondent , the former king juan carlos ii had a long-running affair with a german socialite during the final decade of his reign . but if felipe and letizia were upset about the revelations , they certainly were n't showing it as they arrived at the university of alcala de henares to present the cervantes prize for literature . scroll down for video . claims : king felipe and queen letizia present a united front following the latest spanish royal scandal . walking arm-in-arm with his 42-year-old wife , king felipe , who took the spanish throne last june , kept a straight face as he approached photographers . later , as a group of ukulele-wielding students appeared to serenade the royal couple , felipe even managed a small smile . well-hidden though any private anguish may have been , the news will have undoubtedly come as a blow to the spanish royal who has been attempting to overhaul the image of the monarchy in spain since taking the throne . his father juan-carlos was famous for his love of freebies , even , on one occasion , accepting a yacht called fortuna as a gift . not good : a new book by journalist ana romero ( left ) says king juan-carlos had a decade-long affair . divorce : it also claimed that juan-carlos contemplated divorcing felipe 's mother , queen sofia . unruffled : the spanish royal couple kept any worries about the allegations under wraps during the visit . light relief : felipe managed a small smile while being serenaded by a group of student musicians . in june 2012 , with the spanish economy in crisis and unemployment running at close to 50 per cent among the young , juan-carlos was photographed enjoying a lavish hunting safari in botswana . the trip , which was not announced in advance , only became known to spanish taxpayers when the 77-year-old was injured and had to charter a special plane in order to get home . juan-carlos ' african jaunt , a freebie paid for by syrian businessman mohamed eyad kayali , led to widespread calls for his abdication , which he did less than a year later . since taking the spanish throne , felipe has introduced a new code of conduct which bans royals from accepting lavish gifts and also outlaws private business activity - the latter in response to a fraud scandal that enmeshed his sister infanta cristina in 2010 . he has also included a stipulation that insists members of the spanish royal family behave at all times in ways likely to ' please ' and ' earn them the gratitude of ' the public . blow : the scandal is a set-back for felipe who has been trying to change public perception of the monarchy . freebies : felipe 's new rules include banning all royals , among them wife letizia , from taking freebies . behaviour : royals are expected to behave in a way that earns them the gratitude of the spanish public . despite felipe 's best efforts , his father 's legacy remains troublesome - in particular his record of extramarital affairs . most recently , a belgian woman named ingrid sartiau filed a paternity suit against him - a case only made possible because of his abdication . juan-carlos is also believed to have a second illegitimate son , alberto sola who was born in 1956 and lives in barcelona . the latest scandal focuses on the final decade of his reign with corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein , a german 28 years his junior , claiming to have had a lengthy affair with the royal . speaking to ana romero , a former royal correspondent and the author of a new book called final de partida [ end game ] , ms sayn-wittgenstein claimed that juan-carlos had contemplated divorcing his wife queen sofia in order to marry her .