head coach john carver admitted he was ' embarrassed ' by newcastle 's capitulation at sunderland after seeing his side slip to a fifth successive derby defeat . jermain defoe 's stunning strike was enough to secure a 1-0 victory for the black cats , who eased their relegation fears with just a third barclays premier league win of the season at the stadium of light . the magpies were desperately poor before the break and only marginally better after it to leave geordie carver red-faced . john carver was left embarrassed after newcastle united 's 1-0 loss at sunderland in the tyne-wear derby . carver admitted newcastle were second best in every department during a fifth straight derby defeat . jermain defoe scored a stunning volley for sunderland to secure a vital win . he said : ' i am sitting here - do you think i 'm embarrassed ? i am absolutely embarrassed , yes i am . i am embarrassed to be part of it , yes , but i am a part of it and i have to deal with it . ' in the first-half , we were dreadful . i said before the game that no side of mine would be criticised for not closing people down , not working hard enough and i think i was wrong . ' we were second-best in every department , certainly the midfield areas and the front three . ' but what i will say is with a makeshift back four , they stuck by their guns , along with the goalkeeper , and actually kept us in the game because without those guys , we would have been in big trouble . ' if we 'd have got to half-time at 0-0 , i actually would have been doing somersaults in the dressing room . that 's how poor we were . ' defoe smashed home his superb volley in first-half stoppage time to secure sunderland 's victory . and defoe 's goals sparked delirious scenes at the stadium of light as sunderland claimed a massive win . the victory over newcastle moved sunderland three points clear of the premier league relegation zone . defoe 's superb volley in first-half stoppage time won the day for the black cats , who remained outside the relegation zone only by virtue of goal difference after burnley 's goalless draw with tottenham earlier in the day . defoe blasted the ball past stranded keeper tim krul after steven fletcher had headed down keeper costel pantilimon 's long free-kick , but while dick advocaat 's men enjoyed the better of the game throughout , they were unable to extend their lead . they had to endure a tense conclusion during which newcastle striker ayoze perez volleyed over from close range . advocaat was delighted with his team 's effort and the quality they produced just when they needed it most , and was particularly pleased with the way defoe and fellow frontmen fletcher and connor wickham responded to his pre-match instructions . dejected newcastle united players jonas gutierrez ( centre ) and mike williamson ( right ) at the final whistle . carver 's sunderland counterpart , dick advocaat , was able to smile after winning his first tyne-wear derby . the dutchman said : ' before the game , i said something to our scottish friend ( fletcher ) : ' it 's time to do something now . you can do it for scotland , but you have to do it here as well ' . ' and then defoe came and i said , ' do i have to say something to you or not ? ' , and he said , ' no , i know what i have to do ' . ' it 's a great boost for everybody . if you see them in the dressing room , they ca n't walk any more , they are so tired . if you see our three front players , the way they worked , it was something special . ' 