the australian descendants of eight anzac veterans have proudly showed off their relatives ' wartime medals and photographs in a moving commemorative photo series . photographer mark kolbe travelled around australia to meet the grandchildren , great-grandchildren , sons and daughters of just some of the brave members of the australian armed forces who landed in gallipoli nearly 100 years ago . amongst the keepsakes held by the relatives are letters sent by soldiers informing their loved ones of their discharge from the australian imperial force , while black and white photos show the servicemen on horseback and playing with their army football teams . the soldiers ' medals remain glistening inside their descendants ' homes after a century of being treasured . jan gardner ( left ) the granddaughter of sergeant w.s . marks , an anzac veteran who served in the australian armed forces at gallipoli in 1915 , poses on march 24 , 2015 in sydney alongside his service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia . the wartime letters and a photograph of sergeant william.s . marks an anzac veteran who served in the australian armed forces at gallipoli . sisters jan gardner and dianne bowler the granddaughters of sergeant w.s . marks an anzac veteran who served in the australian armed forces at gallipoli in 1915 pose on march 24 , 2015 in sydney , australia . the service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia of sergeant william.s . marks . jan gardner and dianne bowler , the granddaughters of sergeant w.s . marks , an anzac veteran who served in the australian armed forces at gallipoli in 1915 , were photographed in sydney alongside their relative’s service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia . jill sommers , the daughter of anzac veteran william frederick martin of the australian armed forces and the daughter-in-law of harry joseph sommers , who was a gallipoli veteran with the new zealand armed forces , posed at her home in melbourne . she proudly held her tickets for the 100 year anniversary dawn service to be held at the anzac commemorative site . thomas whitelaw and his father anthony wade whitelaw the great great-grandson and the great-grandson of anzac veteran major general john stewart whitelaw , who served with an infantry battalion at gallipoli , opened the doors to their home in canberra . they told how major general whitelaw suffered a bullet wound on 25 april 1915 during the landing and returned to australia . in hobart , scott clennett , the son of anzac veteran james jim hoskins clennett , told how his father returned from the war after he lost an arm and a leg to injuries sustained in battle . and sydney man colin doust said his anzac veteran robert bob doust also returned from the war after he lost his leg . jill sommers looks down at the photos of her relatives and their medals at her home . 1914 - november . 1 - first convoy of australian and new zealand troops departs for europe from albany , western australia . 5 - the united kingdom declares war on turkey . 1915 - january . 13 - british war council approves naval operation to the dardanelles . march . 18 - french and british naval operation fails . 22 - britain decides to launch land campaign on the gallipoli peninsula . april . 25 - australian and new zealand army corps ( anzacs ) land at anzac cove , more than 1700 casualties evacuated in first 24 hours . 26 - australian submarine hmas ae2 is first allied vessel to sneak through the dardanelles . 27-29 - anzac troops survive turkish attempts to drive them into the sea . may . 5 - turkish shell anzac cove in what 's known as `` beachy bill '' , resulting in more than 1000 casualties . 8 - anzac troops join british attack at helles , losing 1000 men out of 2000 . 15 - major general wt bridge , commander of the australian 1st division is mortally wounded , later dies on may 18 , 1915 . 19 - australian legend john simpson kirkpatrick , famed for rescuing fallen troops with his donkey , is killed . 24 - armistice declared for nine hours to bury dead soldiers in no man 's land . august . 6 - the major battle of the gallipoli campaign , the august offensive begins . 6 - the six-day lone pine diversion starts . 7 - four waves of men in australia 's 3rd light horse brigade wiped out at the battle of the nek . 8 - new zealand and english forces gain foothold at vital outpost chunuk bair . 10 - turkish troops force allied servicemen off chunuk bair . 21-29 - the battle for hill 60 ends with major casualties , august offensive fails . november . 22 - english secretary of state for war horatio kitchener recommends evacuation of anzac cove and suvla . 27 - blizzard hits gallipoli peninsula , reinforcing the need to evacuate . december . 9-18 - more than 16,000 troops evacuated from anzac cove mostly at night . 18-20 - remaining 20,000 australia and new zealand soldiers withdrawn . 20 - evacuation of anzac cove and suvla completed before dawn . source : department of veterans ' affairs , monash university professor bruce scates . jill sommers the daughter of anzac veteran william frederick martin of the australian armed forces and the daughter-in-law of harry joseph sommers who was a gallipoli veteran with the new zealand armed forces poses on march 30 , 2015 in melbourne . jill sommers was photographed as part of the series at her home in melbourne ahead of the anzac commemorations . a photograph and service medals of anzac veteran harry joseph sommers , who served in the new zealand armed forces , are seen in his daughter-in-law jill sommer 's home . the anzac medal and a commemorative document of anzac veteran william frederick martin of the australian armed forces are seen in his daughter jill sommer 's home . thomas whitelaw ( left ) the great grand-grandson of anzac veteran major general john stewart whitelaw who served with an infantry battalion at gallipoli poses on march 4 , 2015 in canberra , australia . and anthony wade whitelaw ( right ) the grand-grandson of major general whitelaw , who suffered a bullet wound on 25 april 1915 during the landing and returned to australia . anthony wade whitelaw the grand-grandson anzac veteran major general john stewart whitelaw . colin doust the son anzac veteran robert bob doust , who served in the australian armed forces at gallipoli in 1915 , holds his fathers service medals as he poses on march 7 , 2015 in sydney , australia . colin 's father bob returned from the war after he lost his leg to injuries sustained in battle . scott clennett ( left ) the son anzac veteran james jim hoskins clennett , who served in the australian armed forces at gallipoli in 1915 , poses on march 12 , 2015 in hobart , australia . scott 's father jim returned from the war after he lost an arm and a leg to injuries sustained in battle . and colin doust ( right ) the son anzac veteran robert bob doust poses in sydney . colin 's father bob returned from the war after he lost his leg to injuries sustained in battle . the service medals of anzac veteran james jim hoskins clennett who served in the australian armed forces at gallipoli in 1915 . scott clennett , the son anzac veteran james jim hoskins clennett , who served in the australian armed forces at gallipoli in 1915 poses with a wartime photographer of his father ( centre ) and his two uncles alfred james clennett and harold guy clennett , along with a photo of his father after he was injured . jill sommers , the daughter of anzac veteran william frederick martin of the australian armed forces and the daughter-in-law of harry joseph sommers who was a gallipoli veteran with the new zealand armed forces , holds her tickets for the 100 year anniversary dawn service to be held at the anzac commemorative site as she poses on march 30 , 2015 in melbourne . peter dowsett ( left ) son of anzac veteran victor sydney dowsett poses on march 30 , 2015 in melbourne , alongside a wartime cake tin from christmas 1914 belonging to his father . victor who was 20 years old at the time was injured in battle and hospitalised in london before his release . peter dowsett son of anzac veteran victor sydney dowsett poses with a wartime photograph of father ( right ) and his uncle robert william dowsett ( centre ) while holding his fathers service medals . peter dowsett son of anzac veteran victor sydney dowsett poses with a wartime photograph of father , his aunts and his uncle robert william dowsett . a wartime book with a picture of ey mortimer ( left ) an anzac veteran and his pay booklet ( right ) is seen in his granddaughter susan jones 's house on march 19 , 2015 in adelaide , australia . ey was discharged on the december 15th 1919 at the age of 26 due to the cessation of hostilities . susan jones the granddaughter of ey mortimer an anzac veteran who served in the australian armed forces at gallipoli holds his discharge certificate . patricia stamp ( left ) and her sister margaret miatke ( right ) are the daughters of corporal bryan m francis an anzac veteran of the 10th battalion at gallipoli poses on march 21 , 2015 in adelaide , australia . the service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia of corporal bryan m francis an anzac veteran . sisters margaret miatke , patricia stamp and catherine thredgold the daughters of corporal bryan m francis . catherine thredgold the daughter of corporal bryan m francis holds his steel identity discs and a photograph of him . the service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia of corporal bryan m francis . a wartime cake tin from christmas 1914 belonging to anzac veteran victor sydney dowsett and a photograph is seen in his son peter dowsett 's home . the australian army badge of anzac veteran robert bob doust who served in the australian armed forces at gallipoli in 1915 is seen as part of a display in his son colin doust 's home on march 7 , 2015 in sydney , australia . colins father bob returned from the war after he lost his leg to injuries sustained in battle . the service medals , wartime photographs and memorabilia of anzac veteran victor sydney dowsett are seen in his son peter dowsett 's home . a wartime football team photo in which anzac veteran james jim hoskins clennett ( holding ball ) is pictured . scott clennett the son of anzac veteran james jim hoskins clennett poses at his home in hobart . colin doust the son anzac veteran robert bob doust poses at his bar with a huge range of medals and memorabilia .