a play-off career high 32 points from kawhi leonard helped the san antonio spurs on their way to a 100-73 mauling of the los angeles clippers in game 3 on friday . the newly crowned defensive player of the year was in excellent form for the reigning nba champions as they took a 2-1 lead in the first-round series . the clippers had won the first game of the series convincingly at the staples center , but must now come from behind after two straight defeats . game 4 takes place on sunday at the at & t center in texas . kawhi leonard scored 32 points as the san antonio spurs beat the los angeles clippers on friday . loenard led the spurs to a 100-73 victory in game 3 and into a 2-1 series lead against the clippers . leonard is presented with his nba defensive player of the year award by his team-mate tim duncan . boris diaw had 15 points and danny green added 11 for the spurs , who led by as many as 37 points after two close games in los angeles . the clippers scored a franchise postseason low and their 11 points in the third were their fewest in any quarter this season . blake griffin had 14 points and 10 rebounds and deandre jordan added 10 points for the clippers . griffin averaged 27.5 points on 47 percent shooting in the first two games , but was held to 6-for-15 shooting against a collapsing spurs ' defence in game 3 . elsewhere , houston 's james harden and dwight howard set personal play-off bests in points and rebounds respectively as the rockets edged dallas 130-128 to take a 3-0 lead in the all-texan nba first-round playoff series . the clippers took a 1-0 lead in the series but must now come from behind after two straight defeats . houston rockets moved to within one win of a place in the next round with victory in dallas . the rockets moved within one win of a berth in the last eight of the play-offs , as did washington with a close-fought win over toronto . harden scored 42 points in a dominating role after deferring to howard and role players in the first two wins . howard dominated the boards , pulling in 26 rebounds . the high-scoring game was dallas ' first without effectively banished point guard rajon rondo , and monta ellis had a play-off career-high 34 points to match dirk nowitzki . ellis missed a potential tying jumper just before the buzzer , leaving dallas to face a fourth straight year without winning a postseason series since taking the franchise 's first championship . dwight howard scored 13 points but had 26 rebounds for houston in their 130-128 victory on friday . paul pierce hit a 3-pointer late in the fourth quarter to give washington a 3-0 lead over the toronto raptors . game 4 is sunday at dallas . no team has ever rallied from a 3-0 deficit to win an nba postseason series . that unlikely challenge now also faces toronto after washington went ahead 3-0 with a 106-99 victory over the raptors . john wall had 19 points and 15 assists and 37-year-old paul pierce hit two key late 3-pointers for the wizards . six wizards scored in double figures , including marcin gortat , who had 24 points and 13 rebounds . pierce 's 18 points were highlighted by a 3-pointer that capped a 10-2 run with 2 minutes left , and another with 16.3 seconds remaining after toronto got within three points . washington can clinch the series when its hosts game 4 on sunday . toronto was paced by demar derozan , who scored a team playoff-record 20 points in the first quarter and 32 overall , and the raptors led by 10 points early . but the raptors were too inconsistent , just as they have been all series .