it 's hard to imagine exactly what is going on in the heads of parents who would give their daughter a name like ' airwrecker ' - an alternative spelling to ' erica ' - but apparently , such a thing exists . a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours , and turned up a treasure trove of bad parental judgement calls . femail has compiled the worst examples , including the names ' orgasm ' , submitted by the daughter of a midwife who has heard her fair share of horror stories , and ' mazen ' , because ' it was ' mazen ' ( amazing ) when the child was born . unlucky : a new reddit thread asking users to submit the most horrendous baby names they have ever come across has attracted more than 18,000 comments in just 24 hours , and femail has compiled the top 12 . ' there is a girl in my school named gennah tyles . with a g , ' wrote one submitter . 'it’s like her parents wanted to name her genitals . ' ' i work at a bank in north florida and have been keeping a list of names i come across , ' wrote another . ' my favourite so far is definitely i’munique . it was on her id and everything . ' sadly for the owner of this moniker , as another user pointed out , her every introduction would have to be : ' hello , i 'm i'munique . ' one submitter reported a friend having named her child ' britney shakira beyonce ' , claiming : ' they would call her by the full name every time . ' the user who submitted the name orgasm wrote : ' as the daughter of a labor and delivery nurse , i 've heard an abundance of terrible baby names , but i 'd have to say this is by far the worst ! sadly , i 'm not kidding . ' a handful of people warned against the pitfalls involved with combining two names into one . ' a friend of my sister-in-law worked in a maternity ward and saw a kid named after her grandparents , john and veronica . her name was vejonica , ' one wrote . three-in-one ! one submission was the name ' britney shakira beyonce ' , which the mother would say in-full every time she addressed her baby . a user known as rhymesw added a contribution : ' orgasm . as the daughter of a labor and delivery nurse , i 've heard an abundance of terrible baby names , but i 'd have to say this is by far the worst ! sadly , i 'm not kidding . ' ' according to my friend hellzel , her mother liked the name hazel but her dad was a biker and loved hells angels , so they came up with this mess , ' another remarked . ' boy boy ' was also submitted , by a user who insisted this was not a first and middle name , just the first name of a child he knows . 1 . obamaniqua . 2 . i'munique . 3 . boy boy . 4 . hellzel . 5 . abstinence . 6 . britney shakira beyonce . 7 . vejonica . 8 . gennah tyles . 9 . mazen . 10 . like . ' abstinence ' was another shocker . ' i predict she will be pregnant by 16 , ' mused the submitter . ' this very young couple , who had just had a baby , were so obsessed with facebook they decided to name their child like , i kid you not , ' wrote another . more than a few users mentioned the name obamaniqua as being the real name of children they had come across , which is defined by urban dictionary as : ' a ghetto-fabulous african-american that loves president barrack obama . ' several users trudged up celebrities as being good examples of bad name-givers , specifically gwyneth paltrow and chris martin for naming their daughter apple , kim kardashian and kayne west for their tot north west , and lil ' kim , for naming her daughter royal reign . perhaps none were quite so morbid as the name ' lucifer ' , which belonged to a ' little blonde boy with bright blue eyes ' at the school of one submitter , and who was apparently ' a very creepy kid . ' as for the most popular baby names in the uk for 2014 ? sophia , emily and lily for a girl , according to babycentre 's annual survey , and muhammad , oliver and jack for a boy .