ed miliband has explicitly ruled out allowing another scottish independence referendum , as he bids to ease voters ' concerns about the prospect of any future snp-labour alliance . the labour leader said a second independence poll ' ai n't going to happen ' even if he becomes prime minister with the support of snp mps next month . mr miliband 's intervention came as the former prime minister john major warned that the snp was ' merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda ' . labour leader ed miliband , interviewed on the bbc this morning , explicitly ruled out allowing another scottish independence referendum . mr major said the snp would break their pledge not to hold another referendum ' for a generation ' . he said the snp were ' determined to prise apart the united kingdom ' . former foreign secretary william hague added that snp could be ' calling the tune ' if ed miliband became pm on the back of snp support . he said this would mean : ' the people who want to break up the united kingdom will be running the united kingdom . ' but mr miliband this morning accused the tories of ' threatening the integrity of the united kingdom ' by talking up the prospects of scottish nationalists in the may 7 general election . the labour leader insisted there would be no coalition with the snp and flatly ruled out holding another referendum . he told bbc1 's breakfast that he had ' fundamental differences ' with the snp – including on a second independence referendum within five years . he said , adding : ' i 'm not having that . ' the labour leader said a second independence poll ' ai n't going to happen ' even if he becomes prime minister with the support of snp mps next month . labour party leader mr miliband addresses an audience during a campaign stop in manchester this morning . mr miliband said mr cameron had been ' talking up ' the snp in the hope that it would take votes and seats from labour north of the border and allow him to ' crawl back ' into 10 downing street . ' i think david cameron is playing fast and loose with the united kingdom , ' said the labour leader . ' this is somebody who has given up hope of winning a majority . he is trying to boost the snp . ' i think david cameron is now threatening the integrity of the uk with the games he is playing . and i think conservatives are now ashamed of what he is doing . ' mr miliband cited conservative former cabinet minister lord forsyth who has warned that the party 's tactic of targeting a labour-snp link-up was 'short-term and dangerous ' and could ultimately damage the union . in a bbc interview last night , the labour leader insisted he would not be dictated to by the nationalists , even if he had to govern without an overall majority in the new parliament . but sir john major said that , in practice , mr miliband would be forced to accede to the snp 's demands or face the collapse of his government . ' if labour were to accept an offer of support from the snp , it could put the country on course to a government held to ransom on a vote-by-vote basis , ' he said . mr miliband 's intervention came as the former prime minister john major warned that the snp was ' merely waiting for a good excuse to put separation back on the agenda ' . sir john added : ' labour would be in hock to a party that - slowly but surely - will push them ever further to the left . and who would pay the price for this ? we all would . we would all pay for the snp 's ransom in our daily lives - through higher taxes , fewer jobs , and more and more debt . ' this is a recipe for mayhem . at the very moment our country needs a strong and stable government , we risk a weak and unstable one - pushed to the left by its allies , and open to a daily dose of political blackmail . ' the former premier pointed to the way that scottish labour leader jim murphy has already suggested that funds raised from the party 's planned ' mansion tax ' in england could go to scotland . ' if a labour leader asks for that , how much more will the snp demand ? ' sir john is expected to say . ' and if this is the way labour intends to behave towards england , how can they say no to the snp ? and if labour did say no , the snp could withdraw support and bring down the government at any time . ' snp leader nicola sturgeon addressed the scottish trade union congress during a campaign visit to in ayr this morning . mssturgeon poses for a selfie with supporters during a campaign visit to in ayr today , after launching the party 's manifesto yesterday . with the opinion polls pointing to a hung parliament with the snp holding the balance of power as the third largest party , the threat of a nationalist link-up with labour has emerged as the main conservative line of attack in the election campaign . the tactic has caused misgivings among some tories . lord forsyth - who served as scottish secretary in sir john 's government - warned that building up the snp to undermine support for labour in england could ultimately damage the union . ' we 've had the dilemma for conservatives , which is they want to be the largest party at westminster and therefore some see the fact that the nationalists are going to take seats in scotland will be helpful , ' he told the guardian . ' but that is a short-term and dangerous view which threatens the integrity of our country . ' he said mr cameron 's call for ' english votes for english laws ' in the aftermath of last year 's scottish independence referendum vote had ' shattered the unionist alliance against the break-up of the united kingdom ' . labour mp david lammy this morning admitted that the party would strike a deal with the snp after the election . meanwhile , former labour minister and london mayoral contender david lammy suggested that the party could ' do business ' with the snp after the election . ' i think we can win this election . but clearly , after the general election , you would forge common alliance with parties that you can actually do business with and the snp must be part of that story , ' he told itv news . ' i still think labour can form the next government and that 's what i am fighting for . but , yes , there is common ground with other parties and the snp would be included in that and we may need to enter into discussion after the general election . ' 