the daughters of mary kay letourneau and her former student-turned husband , vili fualaau , are now older than their father was when , at age 12 , he started an affair with his teacher . on the eve of the infamous couple 's 10-year wedding anniversary , letourneau , fualaau and their two children , 17-year-old audrey and 16-year-old georgia , sat down for an exclusive interview with barbara walters on 20/20 , which will air on abc friday at 10pm . letourneau , then a 34-year-old married mother of four , pleaded guilty to child rape for her illicit affair with her sixth-grade student , which resulted in two pregnancies . audrey fualaau was born while her mother was out on probation in 1998 . her 16-year-old sister , georgia , was welcomed into the world behind bars after the disgraced teacher was re-arrested and sent back to prison for having another sexual encounter with her former student . scroll down for video . family affair : mary kay letourneau , vili fualaau , and their two daughters , audrey and georgia , sat down for an interview with barbara walters on the eve of the couple 's 10-year wedding anniversary . speaking out : the interview will air on 20/20 on friday - nearly 20 years after letourneau 's arrest for the relationship with her former student . modern family : mary kay letourneau and vili fualaau 's 17-year-old daughter , audrey ( right ) , was born while her mother was out on probation . her 16-year-old sister , georgia ( left ) , was born behind bars . both girls attend school and sing in a choir in the same district in seattle where their mother had once taught . audrey graduates high school in june and is set to start college next fall , while georgia is currently a sophomore . in an interview with walters , the fualaau sisters said their parents have told them how they met , but they were not taken aback by the scandalous circumstances surrounding their mom and dad 's relationship . ' there was never a sit-down chat , ' now is the time we 're going to talk to our children about this , ' mary said . ' they seemed to already know ... because they grew up with it . ... there 's just never been a ' wow , we better explain . ' letourneu 's 31-year-old husband also opened up about the challenges of building a life together and raising two children . ' i do n't think there 's ever a full 10 good years of marriage , ' fualaau told walters . ' you have your ups and downs in marriages . but , you know , what matters is how you pull through all the bad times . ' the 31-year-old said that being a young father was difficult . fualaau , pictured here with his eldest daughter , said that raising two girls as a teenager with help or support was difficult . goofing around : audrey , a high school senior , is pictured pulling funny faces at the 20/20 studio during the taping of the barbara walters interview . ' i do n't feel like i had the right support or the right help behind me , ' he said . ' from my family , from anyone in general . i mean , my friends could n't help me because they had no idea what , what it was like to be a parent , i mean , because we were all 14 , 15 . ' the former seattle teacher shot to infamy after starting a relationship with fualaau when he was a 12-year-old sixth-grade student and falling pregnant with his child when he was just 13 . after she served a seven-year prison term for the relationship , they married and now have two children together . she also has four children from a previous marriage . their two daughters , audrey and georgia , who are now both teenagers , will join their parents for the interview , abc news said . while speaking with walters , letourneau will discuss her plans to get her status as a registered sex offender lifted , as well as her hopes to teach again one day . she will also talk out about how they make their marriage work despite the 21-year age gap , abc news reported . fualaau will discuss his struggle with alcoholism and depression and how he believes he was failed by the system as a minor . after his teacher was convicted , his family filed a lawsuit against the police department and the school district for failing to protect him from sexual exploitation . no damages were awarded . relationship : the duo first met when fualaau ( pictured in 1998 ) was in second grade and went on to have a sexual relationship when he was 12 and letourneau ( right in a 1996 school photo ) was his teacher . in court : she is pictured listening to testimony in 1998 ; she went to prison for seven and a half years . proud : she is pictured showing off her pregnancy bump in a photo released in 1998 . she fell pregnant with their first daughter before she was arrested and with their second after she was released . reunited : letourneau is pictured with her daughter audrey during a prison visit in 2003 . the pair originally met when he was in her second grade class and then she taught him again in sixth grade in 1996 . as she taught him , their relationship turned sexual and a friend of her husband 's ultimately went to the police with his suspicions . but before she was arrested , she fell pregnant with the boy 's child and gave birth to his first daughter , audrey , while she was on bail in may 1997 while waiting for the outcome of her trial . she was sentenced to six months in county jail - although three were suspended - and was ordered to have no contact with the boy . but weeks after he release , she was found having sexual relations with him in her car and fell pregnant with their second daughter . family : she was married and had four children before the affair . she is pictured , right , with one of her sons . back together : the couple is pictured during a photo shoot at their normandy park , washington home in 2006 . she was released from jail in 2004 and they got married a year later . at home : the couple is pictured with their daughters as they drive near their home near seattle in 2005 . letourneau gave birth to the baby while she was in jail after being sentenced to an additional seven-and-a-half years behind bars . she was released from jail in august 2004 and fualaau , who was then 21 , asked the court to have the no-contact order overturned , which it was . the couple got married a year later at a washington winery - when she was 43 and he was 22 . they have been together ever since . while some might compare this story to so many other female teachers in under age sex scandals , letourneau 's long-time family friend , photographer mark greenberg , tells the daily news they 've got it all wrong . ' i know there are people out there who find it to be nothing other than this woman broke the law and she 's a rapist , and yet there are others who see it as ' love is something that 's pure ' and here 's two people who are enjoying the fruits of that , ' he said . letourneau also made headlines last year after she was booked into washington 's king county jail for failing to go to court following a 2013 third-degree charge of driving on a suspended license . going strong : the couple will talk about how they 've stayed together despite the 21-year age gap .