the nation 's largest suppliers of hiv and aids medical care is accused of bilking medicare and medicaid in an elaborate $ 20 million dollar scam that spanned 12-states , according to a lawsuit filed in south florida federal court . three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs . employees were paid $ 100 bonuses for referring patients with positive test results to its clinics and pharmacies . the lawsuit alleges kickbacks started in 2010 at the company 's california headquarters and spread to programs in florida and several other locations . lawsuit : three former managers of the aids healthcare foundation filed a suit last week alleging the company paid employees and patients kickbacks for patient referrals in an effort to boost funding from federal health programs ( file photo ) . the los angeles-based company cares for more than 400,000 patients in 36 countries and is leading a mass testing initiative to identify and treat an estimated 25 million people who do n't know they are infected , according to its website . the referrals were key to the company 's business model and touted by ahf president michael weinstein at a 2013 leadership summit , where the complaint alleges he specifically directed staff to immediately raise the patient financial incentive to $ 50 and to implement the incentive program nationally throughout the organization . weinstein said small incentives for linking people to services and keeping them there are ' mainstays of public health interventions . ' ' not only has aids healthcare foundation done nothing wrong , our pro-active approach to finding and linking hiv-positive individuals to lifesaving care and treatment is critical to stopping hiv in this country , ' weinstein said in a statement . he noted that the federal government and state of florida formally declined to intervene in the legal action , which he says ' speaks volumes about the merits of the case . ' former managers jack carrel of louisiana , mauricio ferrer of florida , and shawn loftis of new york , filed the whistleblower complaint . the three were fired from the company after notifying their supervisors about the company 's alleged wrongdoing , even though their attorneys said they are protected under the false claims act . denial : aids healthcare foundation president michael weinstein ( seen in 2012 ) said in a statement the company has ' done nothing wrong ' . 