johnny depp and amber heard touched down in brisbane tuesday morning local time , putting on a show of unity amid rumors of marital woes just two months after they tied the knot . the couple were ready for their close-up as they left their private plane , walking hand-in-hand . both johnny , 51 , and amber , 28 , were wearing their wedding bands , although missing from amber 's ring finger was the huge sparkler johnny gave her on their engagement . the sighting comes just hours after people.com claimed they were ' leading separate lives ' because they had n't been photographed together in public since their february 3 nuptials . together again : johnny depp and amber heard held hands as they arrived in brisbane , australia , on tuesday morning local time . putting rumors to rest : the couple , who were both wearing their wedding bands , had n't been photographed together in more than two months , fueling speculation about the state of their marriage . levi 's 501 distressed jeans . buy a similar style here . visit site . whether she 's wearing a jaw droppingly gorgeous dress on the red carpet , or ripped jeans to catch a flight with her new husband , amber heard always looks every inch the a-lister . she arrived at brisbane airport looking casual yet cool wearing some high waisted jeans with a white t-shirt tucked in , a cutesy leather belt and some printed loafers . if like us you live in jeans then you 'll always be on the lookout for new styles to mix things up . there 's only so many times you can wear classic black skinnies ! but sometimes going back to basics is the best policy . amber ripped up the rule book by wearing these distressed jeans by levi 's , the iconic american brand that has been dictating denim trends since 1853 . if you want to make like amber you can buy a similar pair of jeans by clicking the link , right.or check out our other fave finds below . and do n't make the mistake of thinking they 're just for dressed down days . why not style yours up with a breton striped top , heels and a blazer ? halogen girlfriend jeans at nordstrom . visit site . asos theo jeans ( now $ 34 ) . visit site . river island bleached ripped boyfriend jeans ( now $ 30 ) . visit site . topshop ripped jeans . visit site . it had also previously been suggested in media reports that johnny might have been in rehab after a round of partying in brisbane while reprising his role as jack sparrow . he had been spotted partying up a storm at a number of musical events including a foo fighters concert in between his filming schedule . he also showed up for a marilyn manson show in brisbane , even appearing on stage with the famous rock star . the actor flew back to la after injuring his right wrist on march 10 and it had been thought he would only be gone for a couple of weeks , prompting more speculation about what was keeping him from the set of the disney film . he returned down under tuesday with his right hand still bandaged with a red bandana . holding on tight : johnny has to go back to work filming the fifth pirates of the caribbean movie for disney . it 's being shot on australia 's gold coast . wedded : each made sure their wedding band was clearly visible as they disembarked from the private plane that flew them down under . pushing back : the couple , who 've been married for 10 weeks , put on a united front as they were whisked away from the airport . ' his return depended on his recuperation from surgery and when his physician allowed him to travel . it was entirely dependent on that , ' said michael singer , a publicist for jerry bruckheimer films as he announced the actor 's arrival back in australia . rumors about the state of johnny depp and amber heard 's marriage ratcheted up a notch on monday in the u.s , with fresh claims in the media that the couple spend more time apart than together . but it 's clear the celebrity couple are anxious to put the rumors to rest . amber , who turns 29 on wednesday , is obviously planning to celebrate with her husband . her appearance by his side as he returns to work is surely designed to dampen speculation that all is not well between them and to quash fears , reported by people.com on monday , that johnny had been struggling to control his partying during filming . affectionate : the 51-year-old star placed a hand gently on his wife 's back as she waved to fans who saw them arriving at brisbane airport . i 'm back : johnny gave a thumbs up as he walked down the steps of his private jet . birthday girl : amber , who started dating johnny after they fell for each other on the set of their film the rum diary , will celebrate her 29th birthday on wednesday . in its article on monday , people trumpeted that the pair spend more time apart than together while page six alleged that amber 's close relationship with a new york photographer is ' causing drama in her marriage . ' it came after amber turned up solo at the tribeca film festival for the premiere of her movie when i live my life over again on saturday and as johnny failed to show up for work on schedule at the australian set of the fifth pirates of the caribbean . at the weekend , a report in australia claimed that the star of the disney franchise was a week overdue for his return down under . sydney confidential said johnny failed to board his scheduled private charter flight from los angeles and ' has now been missing for a week ' . principal photography on the $ 250 million production had been scheduled to start again on april 20 but the fact the star had n't shown up by then only added to the rumor mill . scroll down for video . solo : amber showed up without husband johnny for saturday 's premiere of her film when i live my life over again at the tribeca film festival . sparkling : the blonde beauty , who is openly bisexual , was wearing her wedding band and her huge diamond engagement ring when she walked the red carpet solo at the film festival . where 's johnny ? johnny , seen boarding a plane in brisbane bound for la back in march after injuring his wrist while filming the new pirates of the caribbean film . people.com poured more fuel on the fire monday when the magazine quoted an unnamed insider who confirmed the actor was still in la . ' there are rumors on the set that he was in rehab , ' the insider told the publication . ' as soon as johnny arrived in australia , he was partying hard , ' the insider said . ' after he got injured , no one was surprised . he did n't seem to care at all about filming and was all about partying . ' rocking and rolling : the pirates of the caribbean star joined marilyn manson on stage at his brisbane concert last month . having a good time : johnny also attended a foo fighters concert in the queensland capital in between his filming schedule . amber and johnny legally married at the 21 jump street star 's la home on february 3 and then jetted off to his private island in the bahamas for a more traditional celebration a few days after . but according to the people . com story , their busy schedules cut the honeymoon period short with amber heading to london to shoot the danish girl and johnny going back to la . an unnamed source told the magazine that ' it 's not surprising ' the two are n't spending much time together . ' they seemed to have a lot of relationship problems in the months leading up to the wedding , ' the source says . ' when the wedding finally happened in february , it had been postponed several times . ... amber had her wedding dress for months before they settled on a wedding date . ' trouble in paradise ? published reports on monday suggested that the celebrity couple , seen here at haneda airport in tokyo on january 26 , were ' leading separate lives ' . island getaway : after legally tying the knot in la on february 3 , the couple had another ceremony on johnny 's private island in the bahamas . but a few days later , they went their separate ways due to career commitments . the new york post 's page six alleged that amber 's close friendship with photographer io tillett wright is another reason there is tension between the two stars . it reported that the openly bisexual actress became friends with wright in 2012 , the same year she started dating johnny , and that the actor and activist once stayed in the actor 's guest house . a source told page six that johnny 'doesn’t like io ' and believed amber and he ' were spending too much time together for it to be comfortable . ' wright eventually moved out of depp’s guest house . close friends : the rum diary actress and actor , photographer and lgbt activist io tillett wright have been spending time together in new york . wright shared this snap of the pair on his social media accounts on friday . on friday , wright posted a selfie with the actress grabbing his hair in one hand and getting close to him with her red lipstick mouth wide open and her eyes closed . alongside the photo that wright shared on social media , he wrote : ' i am so proud of my love amber heard , for her performances , for defying stereotype , and for being a strong , out bisexual woman in a world that wants her to pick a team . 'it’s a big week for this birthday girl , and i’m so grateful to call her my family . ' heady romance : the 21 jump street star split with longtime partner vanessa paradis , with whom he has two children , after falling for amber on the set of their film the rum diary in 2012 . they 're seen here in may 2014 .    