liverpool boss brendan rodgers believes a ' very poor decision ' by michael oliver 's assistant referee was one of the reason 's liverpool were knocked out of the fa cup semi-final by aston villa on sunday night . with the score at 2-1 and just five minutes left on the clock at wembley , much-maligned reds striker mario balotelli had the ball in the net only to see the linesman unfairly flag for offside . replays clearly showed that villa defender leandro bacuna was playing balotelli onside before the italian slid the ball past shay given . mario balotelli ( circled ) is clearly onside as steven gerrard looks to play him through on goal . with aston villa leading 2-1 , the reds striker sweeps the ball home before realising his effort would n't count . speaking after his side 's defeat , rodgers told bt sport : ' it was very clear . it was a very poor decision by the official because he 's looking right along the line . ' he should be able to see the full back is playing him at least a yard onside . it was a terrfici ball in , balotelli has a good touch and he 's in on goal . you need those to go for you . ' balotelli also criticised the decision , posting a screen-grab of the incident - showing him to be onside - to his instagram page , with the message ' no words . this picture say it all ' . rodgers ' side had taken the lead after brilliant build-up play from raheem sterling and philippe coutinho before the latter jinked into the villa penalty area and curled a right-footed shot beyond given . the semi-final showpiece was all-square just six minutes later after christian benteke swept home from 12-yards out following a neat cut-back from fabian delph . liverpool boss brendan rodgers admitted he was left frustrated by the assistant referee 's decision . philippe coutinho gives liverpool a 1-0 lead as rodgers ' side looked to earn a spot in the fa cup final . the villains captain earned his side a place in the fa cup final with a 53rd-minute strike as liverpool were unable to respond despite throwing on rickie lambert in the final stages . speaking after the game , delph told bt sport : ' it was a great performance . it 's been a tricky season for us but we believed we could do it . the gaffer is brilliant , he does n't panic and we are so happy for the fans . ' i ca n't wait for the final . to walk out as captain for the final will be the highlight of my career . ' villa frontman christian benteke ( left ) celebrates pulling his side back into the semi-final clash . fabian delph is mobbed by his villa team-mates after putting tim sherwood 's side into a deserved 2-1 lead .