a new york man who won three marathons in eight days last month said that his winnings will go toward the medical bills of his infant son , who has spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder . bryan morseman , 29 , from bath , new york , started his streak at the montgomery marathon in alabama on march 14 . he ran the tobacco road marathon in cary , north carolina , the next morning because it was one the way home to new york . a week later he placed first at the yeungling shamrock marathon in virginia beach . bryan morseman , 29 , of bath , new york , ran three marathons in eight days in hopes of raising money to pay for leeim 's medical bills . leeim was born with spina bifida , a developmental congenital disorder that starts in the womb when a baby 's spine does n't form properly . in total , the full-time precious metal clerk earned $ 5,750 in winnings from the races , all of which will go toward medical treatment for his nine-month-old son leeim , who has spina bifida . ' every time i 'm in a race i think of him and how my pain is nothing compared to what he has gone through , ' morseman told the rochester democrat and chronicle . ' he gives me the energy shot to pick me up and carry me through to the finish . ' since his first 26.2-mile race in 2008 , morseman has won 23 of the 42 marathons he 's participated in . and he takes each race as it comes , not training for a specific race . ' i do n't like putting all my eggs in one basket , ' he said . ' when you only run a few , you waste time , training and money if it does n't go well . ' bryan morseman ( right ) , pictured with his wife sarah and son leeim in 2014 , has been running marathons since 2008 . he has won 23 of the 42 26.2-mile races he has participated in . and last spring , morseman and his wife sarah were told their unborn sun was diagnosed with spina bifida , a condition that develops in the womb when a baby 's spinal column does n't form properly . if the condition is untreated , it can lead to brain damage , loss of leg usage and other heath problems . following a series of doctor 's appointments , morseman , his pregnant wife , and their now two-year-old son went to philadelphia so sarah could undergo prenatal surgery , which led to leeim being born on june 20 . nearly ten months later , leeim does physical therapy three times a week , but it is unknown as to whether or not he will be able to walk . leeim was born prematurely because if spina bifida is left untreated , it can lead to brain damage and loss of leg usage . morseman said that knowing he 's raising money for his son give him ' the energy shot ' he needs to win races . as for morseman , he trains for his races during his lunch breaks and late at night after his sons are asleep . when it 's dark , his wife follows him in the car . the life-long runner 's personal best is 2:19:57 at the pocono marathon run for red mountain , which he 's won four times , last may . he ran his three march races in 2:24:40 in alabama , 2:32:39 in north carolina and 2:24:10 in virginia . as an ultimate goal he 'd hope to qualify for the u.s. olympic marathon trails , which has a standard of 2:18 to get in . but morseman has other things on his mind . ' we 'll see , ' he told the democrat and chronicle . ' other things happen in life . right now , my family is far more important than qualifying . ' the morseman family has created a gofundme page to help pay for medical bills . morseman said his family is very supportive of him running marathons . he trains during his lunch breaks and late at night when his sons are asleep .