appointment : courtney brain , 16 , was taken out of lessons when she visited her gp for treatment . a straight-a schoolgirl was given a detention for missing half an hour of lessons for an emergency appointment with her gp , her mother claimed yesterday . courtney brain , 16 , was taken out of school at skegness academy when she visited her gp for treatment for a water infection . but she was stunned upon her return to class in lincolnshire to be told she must make up the missed time for the ‘ unauthorised absence’ . her mother jane burnham , 50 , criticised the ‘mind-boggling’ decision last wednesday to punish courtney - who she claimed has a 98 per cent attendance record , although the school put this figure at 91 per cent - and accused the academy of being ‘ petty and unreasonable ' . mrs burnham , who runs a hotel in the town , said : ‘ i was gobsmacked . my daughter has never been in trouble before . she is expected to get straight a*s in her exams and helps out after school with extracurricular activities . ' she is not a problem child , she works hard and this was the only appointment i could get . trying to see your gp around here can be a nightmare and i’ll always try and get an appointment after school . but on this occasion she couldn’t , so you take it when you can . ' she was only out of lessons for half an hour . it wasn’t like she was round the back of the bike sheds having a cigarette or going on a shopping spree . then it would be different . ' she had a water infection for which she needed antibiotics - and i find the decision to give her detention mind-boggling . concern : skegness academy ( above ) in lincolnshire claimed the detention was to give courtney , whose mother runs a hotel in the seaside town , the best chance possible of doing well in her exams in the summer . ‘ water infections can get worse so it was important to go to the doctor as soon as she could . i think it very petty and unreasonable for her to be punished in this way . i am not happy at all . ' we were gone half an hour , that’s all she was missing . it’s mind boggling . it’s disgusting really . ’ the school claimed the detention was to give courtney the best chance possible of doing well in her exams in the summer . but jane mrs burnham who runs the carmelle hotel with husband trevor , 53 , said she did not think the extra half-hour revision will ultimately make any difference to her overall grades . detention : courtney ( pictured ) was told she must make up the missed time for the ' unauthorised absence ' . she added : ‘ i think the extra half an hour really would not make that much difference especially as she has already done all her coursework and practical work . gp visit : courtney had a water infection for which she needed antibiotics last wednesday . ‘ it is just revising for her english and maths gcse now . it is not as though she makes a habit of missing school for doctor’s appointments , it was a one off . 'courtney’s attendance is 98 per cent , which is above what the school requires and she teaches the younger kids dance after school anyway . she was left upset by this and like she had done something really wrong . ’ the girl 's attendance figure was contested by the school , which insisted it was 91.2 per cent - below the national average . principal elizabeth silvester said letters were sent out last month in response to a growing concern about the number of sixth-form students missing vital lessons due to medical appointments . she said : ‘ as a matter of course , we request that students make any routine appointments out of school hours . ' where this is not possible , we request that students make up any time that they have lost . ‘ we want to ensure students complete all the work for their relevant subjects in order to give themselves the best chance of succeeding in their forthcoming examinations . ’ skegness academy caters for 1,191 pupils aged 11 to 18 and was given a rating of ‘good’ by ofsted in its last inspection in october 2012 .