emergency services in laos have recovered a body in the search for johanna powell , from cardiff . the 37-year-old is feared to have drowned while on holiday in laos after a tourist boat she was travelling in hit a rock and sank in the mekong river . a body has been recovered in the search for a missing bbc worker , who is feared to have drowned while on a dream holiday in south east asia . johanna powell , a picture editor working for bbc wales , was reported missing on saturday after a cruise boat she was in hit a rock and sank ' within a minute ' . the 37-year-old was sailing on a traditional wooden cruise boat along the mekong river in laos with three friends when it hit a rock in a stretch of rapids . the crew , tour guide and other passengers - including her friends - all swam to safety , but ms powell , from cardiff , disappeared in the strong current . rescuers launched a massive search along 20km of the river to try and find her , in one of the most isolated parts of the country . the foreign and commonwealth office ( fco ) confirmed a body has been found , but it has not yet been identified . a bbc wales spokeswoman said : ' we are aware that a body has been found in the area where jo went missing following a boating incident on saturday . ' our thoughts remain with her family , friends and colleagues at this difficult time . ' ms powell - who combined working at the bbc with helping to run a hotel - was in the country as part of a three-week holiday , starting in bangkok . one of her group was marking their 40th birthday . ms powell was travelling on a boat like this along the mekong river , when it hit a rock in a stretch of rapids . while the rest of the passengers and crew managed to swim to safety , she disappeared under the water . a spokesman for bbc wales , where ms powell worked as a picture editor , said they were ' very concerned ' about their missing colleague . the foreign office confirmed a british national has been reported missing . they spent friday night on the chartered boat , and had an overnight stay at the dp guesthouse in the village of pakbeng . the boat set sail at 8am on saturday , before the accident happened at 9.30am . passengers on the trip are not required to wear life-jackets and one survivor said the water was very rough ' like a washing machine ' . ' it was terrifying . we all thought we were going to die ' , she added . her brother-in-law dean price said the family was told she was asleep when the boat hit a rock in rapids causing it to tip , take on water and capsize , said the bbc . the tragedy happened in a remote part of laos in the mekong river , pictured . emergency services in the country have now launched a massive search , covering 20km of the river , to try and find missing ms powell . a work colleague described cardiff resident ms powell , 37 , as ' lovely , outgoing and always smiling ' . adisak star , the co-owner of cruise company negi of mekong that owned the boat , said they did not know what happened to her . he said : ' ms powell was travelling with three women friends who have all been accounted for . ' the boat which has a steel bottom but is otherwise made of wood hit a rock in the rapids and sank in a minute . it was that fast . ' everyone on board went into the water but there were rocks for people to cling to . ' they were all able to get to the river bank except for ms powell . ' friends in cardiff are taking care of her dog called agatha christie . a work colleague , who asked not to be named , paid tribute to the university of east anglia graduate , saying : ' she is lovely , outgoing and always smiling . ' she had been looking forward to the trip for a long time . ' after the accident her friends and the other survivors were taken to luang prabang and have been flown to vientiane where they were being dealt with by consular officials . the owner of the cruise company whose boat sank while ms powell was a passenger vowed they would not give up looking for her . the survivors of the accident clung to rocks on the mekong river to help keep afloat . alex chitdara , co-owner of rival company shompoo cruise said the accident happened on a very isolated stretch of the mekong river . ' there are few roads and no telephones or mobile phone signal ' , he said . ' the water level is low , you have to know what you are doing to get a boat that big through the rapids . '