penny davison , 59 , the ex-wife of a professional gambler and racehorse trainer , has launched a bid for a bigger slice of his legacy , claiming he avoided a huge tax bill by dying . the ex-wife of a professional gambler and racehorse trainer has launched a bid for a bigger slice of his legacy , claiming he avoided a huge tax bill by dying . albert davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses . when he died , aged 73 , he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in surrey which had been valued at £4.25million . but before he died , in 2011 , he and his second wife penny ann davison , 59 , fought a bitter battle through the divorce courts for four years over his fortune , before she was awarded just £750,000 . a judge found that mr davison had squandered millions of his winnings through ' wasteful expenditure ' and ' bad decision making . ' but now his beautician ex-wife has now appeared back in court , seeking to boost her slice to more than £1million by claiming his death has freed up more of his cash by allowing him to avoid a huge tax bill . lord justice patten , lord justice briggs and lady justice king , sitting at london 's appeal court , heard that the couple met in 1989 and enjoyed a relationship for five years before marrying in 1994 . they had two children before separating in 1999 . divorce proceedings were started by mrs davison in 2005 and the battle over the division of the matrimonial assets dragged on for four years . mr davison had put the family racing stables , and seven-bedroom detached former matrimonial home at tillingdown farm , near woldingham , into a complex structure of offshore companies and trusts and denied that he had any stake in the property . his lawyers argued that the farm into which he had sunk his gambling fortune was all held in trust for zoe davison , his daughter from his first marriage , and his two children from his marriage to mrs davison . however , divorce judge , mrs justice baron , ordered the trust controlling the farm to pay out a £756,000 lump sum to mrs davison . in her ruling , the judge said the divorce had ' a tragically long history' and had run up ' mammoth ' legal costs . she said the late mr davison was a ' very successful gambler ' and 'excellent' trainer in the late 1970s early 1980s . hawthorne glen with albert davison after winning at folkestone . mr davison made a fortune by landing a series of six-figure bets on his own horses . when he died , aged 73 , he owned a seven-bedroom country estate in surrey which had been valued at £4.25million . ' i found the husband to be a charming rogue . i liked him ' , the judge said , but added : ' despite that i consider that he is a shrewd and manipulative individual who told me many untruths . ' his habitual modus operandi is to ignore authority and do things his way and on his terms ' . she also dubbed mr davison ' a master of the betting coup ' , saying that , in december 1978 , a gamble at leicester was alleged to have netted him the equivalent of £1m in today 's money . ' there were other six-figure betting coups and he became notorious as a successful punter ' , she said . the judge said zoe , also a racehorse trainer , was ' a devoted daughter who was very supportive of her father ' , who had been generous to her , assisting her with money and advice . mrs davison she described as ' bright and amusing ' and ' a resourceful woman ' . however the judge limited her payout because her ex-husband faced multi-million-pound tax demands and had devalued the property by over £1m by allowing its use for illegal tipping . mr davison had put the family racing stables , and seven-bedroom detached former matrimonial home at tillingdown farm , near woldingham , ( pictured ) into a complex structure of offshore companies and trusts and denied that he had any stake in the property . his lawyers argued that the farm ( pictured ) into which he had sunk his gambling fortune was all held in trust for zoe davison , his daughter from his first marriage , and his two children from his marriage to mrs davison . lynsey cade-davies , for mrs davison , today told the appeal court that the gambler 's death had massively reduced his tax liability . she told the judges that a deal had been done with hmrc by one of the companies controlling the dead man 's fortune , which had reduced a £2m-plus tax demand to just £850,000 . she argued that meant his ex-wife was entitled to an ' uplift ' in her lump sum of up to £260,000 , taking her payout above the £1m mark . lawyers representing the trusts which hold the dead man 's wealth , told the judges that the property was sold to new owners in 2013 for £3.1m . but they said that only £200,000 now remains in the fund after his debts - including the payout to his wife - had been covered . in an angry outburst outside court , zoe davison , who is not a party to the case , accused her former step-mother of trying to mine out the last remains of her inheritance from her father . the mother of four , who runs training stables near east grinstead , in east sussex , told mrs davison and her lawyers : ' that 's all i 've got left now , a measly £200,000 . ' i hope you people are proud of yourselves . ' the judges reserved their decision on mrs davison 's appeal , to be delivered at a later date , yet to be set . 