when keen runner julie creffield was training for a marathon when she was a size 18 , she was often heckled with taunts of ' oi , fatty ! ' as she ran . even her doctor told her she was too big to contemplate running 26.2 miles and should give up on her goal . with stories like this , it is perhaps no surprise that a new survey has found two thirds of women believe they ca n't run - despite being desperate to be fitter and healthier . scroll down for video . when she was a size 18 , julie was told she was too fat to run but she completed a marathon , left , and has done numerous races since , including one at the london 2012 olympic park , right . julie , 37 , from stratford in east london , did n't let her critics stop her from running . she completed a marathon in 2012 - and has done numerous other races since . now through her website , the fat girl 's guide to running , she 's encouraging other women to take up the sport regardless of their size and ability . she appeared on today 's this morning with sub-three hour marathoner nell mcandrew to launch the itv show 's run for your life campaign . julie said : ' two million more men than women in the uk play sport because women are often too worried about what they look like and fear they will be judged by others , this has to stop . ' run for your life will show that anyone can find success with running , and show that women of all shapes and sizes that running can be fun and can be a great way of improving physical and mental health . and if enough women get involved and give it a go , we can really start tackling negative perceptions in our own communities . ' i was told by a doctor i was too fat to run , and just three weeks later i proved him wrong by running the brighton marathon , but you do n't have to be able to run far or even fast to benefit from the joys of running , its all about taking part and being inspired…even if you are still a little bit rubbish at it . ' julie , back right , appeared on today 's this morning with nell mcandrew , back left , to encourage women to take up running . front row from left : francesca , kerrie and shirley are taking up the challenge . marathon runner nell mcandrew encouraged the women to believe in themselves . nell , whose guide to running book was published by bloomsbury this month , added : ' break down that barrier of being embarrassed and you will meet like-minded people in the running community . ' there 's lots of support on twitter with groups such as uk run chat . ' when you start running , your confidence will soon grow . i just used to go to local park and could only manage short distances but i gradually built it up . doing races is real confidence booster so believe in yourself as you can do it . ' a this morning poll of 1000 women found that 60 per cent think they ca n't run yet 88 per cent would like to be fitter than they are . seventy per cent have n't been for a run in the last year but more than 75 per cent plan on getting fitter this year . many women are put off running because they fear they are not fit enough and are self-conscious about being seen sweating and panting while out on a jog . julie loves running and has never let her size hold her back . she encourages other women to do the same . others believe their size is holding them back so they do n't bother - even though by taking up the sport they could lose weight . the this morning project , like the recently launched ' this girl can ' sport england campaign , aims to show women they can run - even if they are currently unfit and overweight . the show will follow three novice runners - shirley hargan-kennedy , 38 , from glasgow , francesca kennedy , 23 , from redditch , and kerrie jones , 37 , from cannock , staffs - as they train for five weeks to run 5k . the show is encouraging viewers to join them on the journey by taking up running themselves . the three women revealed they currently fall into the camp of not believing they can run but want to give it a go to improve their health and wellbeing . phillip schofield hands out new trainers to the three woman sat on the sofa who believe they ca n't run but have agreed to try a five week programme culminating in a 5k race . francesca said : ' i 've tried running up and down my close and i feel like i 'm going to have a heart attack . ' shirley said she wants to become like the runners she sees out training enjoying the exercise and taking in the scenic countryside when they run off-road . overweight kerry explained that her motivation is to partly aid weightloss , as well as to set a good example to her children . she said : ' i know i have always been fat but finding out i 'm now classed as clinically obese is scary . ' i need to do this for my children , it 's not about dress size anymore it 's about health . society is more accepting of big woman now but for health that 's not good . ' what i hope to get from this is a new me so i 'm not the fat mum at the school gates . ' julie knows how kerry feels as she weighed 20st when she first started running in 2003 . now she is slimmer and fitter but she explains women have so much more to gain from taking up running than just weightloss . nell looked the part as she arrived at the itv studios in her running leggings and trainers . she said : ' i 'm not a size 8 and if i can do it , so can you . woman who take up running will come to realise it 's fun and then they will want to do it more . we often hate running as it hurts but you can find ways to enjoy it . ' you have to build up gradually stop letting excuses like having bad knees or a bad back or no sports bra stopping you getting out the door . get out and start walking then build up to running and you will see the health improvements . ' julia advised anyone who is concerned about taking up running to speak to their doctor first . to avoid injury , she also recommends wearing supportive trainers , starting slowly and stretching after running . one of the reasons many people avoid running is a fear that it 's bad for their knees . but a study of 75,000 runners , which was published in medicine & science in sports & exercise last year , found that ' running significantly reduced osteoarthritis and hip replacement risk due to , in part , running 's association with lower bmi ( body mass index ) ' . nell mcandrew finishing the 2012 london marathon . 1 . invest in a good pair of trainers and some seam-free running socks . you are best going to a specialist shop for this as they will assess your running gait ( or style ) to find the appropriate pair . it 's the only big investment you have to make and it 's so important that your feet are comfortable . 2 . buy a good sports bra . aside from running shoes , this is the other essential for women . 3 . team up with a friend so that you can support and motivate each other . if you have arranged to meet someone you 'll be less likely to back out . running with someone else also helps the minutes tick by as you have a good gossip . alternatively look for a beginner 's group or couch to 5km scheme in your area ( runengland.org is a great place to start ) . 4 . make steady progress . if you have n't run before , download a couch to 5km programme or app ( there are plenty available for free ) as they advocate lots of walking and running to start with . build up gradually , increasing your running duration by no more than 10 per cent every week . 5 . have a plan . we women are all so busy and i find it helps to sit down at the start of the week and think about what i have on each day so that i can plan when to fit in a run . it 's amazing how it slots into your routine - i 've jogged to school to pick up my son with my daughter in the pushchair and then jogged back as he scoots or cycles along with us . make it work for you . 6 . log your progress . psychologists have proven that keeping a record of your running achievements helps to spur you on . so write everything down in a diary and flick back through it when you need a boost . 7 . enter a race . ok , this is not as daunting as it sounds , i recommend everyone tries a parkrun ( parkrun.org.uk ) after about 5-6 weeks of running regularly . these free 5km events are held weekly at around 300 parks in the uk . 8 . be competitive . this does n't mean you are aiming to win olympic medals or set a record for your age group . but making targets for yourself can keep you going . it might be that you set a goal of running 5km after 6 weeks or finishing ahead of a certain person in training . it all helps hugely with motivation . 9 . eat well . one of the things i love about running regularly is that i can stay in shape without having to stick to a strict diet that forbids the eating of certain food groups . in my modelling days , the girls who were on no-carb , or no-fat diets always seemed so miserable . and sports scientists all agree that a moderate amount of carbs are essential for running . 10 . remember why you run . maybe it 's to lose weight , to raise money for charity or to de-stress . whatever the reason , do n't lose sight of it . that way when that little voice inside your head tries to stop you from heading out on a run to stay on the sofa with chocolate instead , you will overcome it . running will empower you in a million ways . run first and eat your chocolate afterwards ( chocolate milk is proven to be a great recovery drink ) . this morning 's run for your life campaign starts today at 10.30am on itv . visit www.itv.com/thismorning for more details .