an investigator has blamed sexism , including pornography sold at base stores , for the attitudes that led to army members joining british bikini models for a photo shoot . one utah national guard officer was sacked and three other soldiers have been disciplined for their involvement with hot shots 2015 , where military vehicles became props for the group 's risque calendar and 'behind-the-scenes ' video . ' too many soldiers do n't see a calendar shoot of this nature as something that is n't in harmony with our values , ' the investigator wrote of the event at camp williams , outside of salt lake city . scroll down for video . risque : a investigator blamed a sexist culture and pornography for the mindset that led a utah national guard officer to allow british bikini models to use a military base and equipment . cover up : the army times saw emails where members of the 19th special forces talked about removing references to their involvement and blamed ' uptight mormons ' for outrage of their time with the models . ' i do n't believe this simply [ was ] a matter of a bunch of ' uptight mormons ' being upset over a video , ' the official said , according to the army times . the unnamed investigator said he hoped the utah national guard recommended the removal of pornography and other media ' that promote sexist behavior and objectify women or men ' from military stores . the army times also uncovered attempts by the special forces unit involved in the shoot to remove names and reference to their unit from hot shot material . i did n't think it was that bad , not bad enough to hunt for blood , ' one email in the group read . ' what can i say . on a personal level … awesome ! professionally… hmmm. , ' another said . three soldiers were disciplined with reprimands last year and forced to pay back the $ 200 in military fuel that was used for the shoot , which included the british models riding in tanks and firing a range of weapons . the officer who lost his position and was forced into early retirement was a 19th special forces non-commissioned officer , typically a colonel or a sergeant . though not authorized to do so , he approved soldier 's participation in the four-day shoot last may , where models used the space where special forces do drills to set up their makeup and hair stations . equipment : two police officers ( left ) were also disciplined after participating in a day of the calendar video . military equipment include a tank , an armored truck and a helicopter were all used during the five day shoot . on the third day of the shoot a soldier brought the models a tank to pose with despite not having orders to do so , according to the salt lake tribune . one soldier was blamed for letting an untrained model drive an atv while he rode as a passenger . national guard members also helped the scantily-clad women gain access to a cobra helicopter and a mine-resistant armored truck . after the video surfaced in october , the soldiers face charges of discrediting the guard , dereliction of duty , conduct unbecoming an officer , and the sale , waste or destruction of military property . the three soldiers who sought permission from their senior officers were given disciplines ranging from reprimands to counseling . the national guardsmen did not drink and did not get any compensation for participating , the investigator found . in addition to the time spent at the tickville training area compound , the models also spent a day at a private shooting range . two utah police officers who helped out at the range were also suspended without pay . repercussions : one non-commissioned national guard officer lost his position and three others were reprimanded for their involvement . models used drill space to set up hair and makeup stations . apology : the utah national guard said in a statement that it regretted its involvement in the shoot and would not tolerate the unauthorized use of federal and state funds . soldiers were made to pay back $ 200 in fuel . the utah department of public safety imposed the discipline in december on rob wilkinson , a utah highway patrol sergeant , and justin hansen , a state bureau of investigation agent . the department released its discipline records last week after receiving a request to obtain them . wilkinson , who received a three-day suspension , and hansen , who received a one-day suspension , were at the big shot ranch near grantsville in june . the two men were seen wearing camouflage uniforms identifying them as police in the video , posted on youtube in october . neither wilkinson nor hansen sought their superiors ' permission to participate , and superiors learned of the activity only when they saw video clips played by the news media in utah , according to the records . an acquaintance asked the two to help supervise the firing line where the models shot at targets , according to an internal affairs report . the report also notes hot shots purports to donate a portion of its proceeds to charities for wounded soldiers in the us and uk .