a ‘ unique and beautiful’ teenage girl was killed by a driver who crashed a stolen car while drunk and high on cocaine and cannabis . xana doyle , 19 , was a passenger in the toyota avensis , which flipped and landed on its roof in an accident in the early hours of the morning . driver sakhawat ali , 23 , was more than twice the drink-drive limit and had been taking class a and b drugs before getting behind the wheel . xana doyle ( pictured ) was killed after driver sakhawat ali crashed a stolen car while high on drugs . the toyota avensis flipped and landed on its roof after the crash in the early hours of the morning in january . a court heard he was driving at ‘ excessive speed’ in the moments before the crash , which did not involve any other vehicle . miss doyle , who suffered a ‘ blunt head injury’ , was pronounced dead at the scene in newport , south wales . ali admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking when he appeared at cardiff crown court yesterday . judge neil bidder qc told the court : ‘ the driver was well over twice the drink-drive limit and it is accepted there was excessive speed . ’ the judge said he wanted more information on how much cocaine and cannabis the driver had taken on the night of the smash before sentencing . ali , of newport , was remanded in custody ahead of a hearing in july . sakhawat ali ( pictured right ) admitted causing death by dangerous driving and aggravated vehicle taking . the driver’s cousin , shabaz ali , 21 , admitted allowing himself to be carried in a stolen car following the smash in january this year . the july hearing will decide whether he ‘contributed’ to the accident by pulling the handbrake from the back seat . floral tributes were left at the scene of the accident and hundreds of people attended the funeral of miss doyle , a former duffryn high school student , in january . in a tribute , her mother emma o’donoghue wrote that xana was an ‘ unusual name for a unique and beautiful girl’ . before the crash , miss doyle , from newport , had recently begun working at wetherspoons as a cook and was also a trained beautician after completing an apprenticeship . ms o’donoghue said yesterday : ‘ no sentence will ever give me back my daughter or my children their sister . she is dearly missed and this terribly traumatic experience will remain with us for ever . ‘ i am pleased that sakhawat ali has pleaded guilty , not that he could dispute any of the evidence presented . miss doyle suffered a ' blunt head injury ' and was pronounced dead at the scene in newport , south wales . ali was remanded in custody and a hearing in july will determine if his cousin also contributed to the crash . ‘ xana was a beautiful , funny and loving girl and every day is a struggle to live on without her in our lives , we can only hope that justice is served and those responsible are held accountable . ’ paying tribute to miss doyle at her funeral , her mother said : ‘ you had a smile that would stop this world spinning around . ‘ i always knew that you were kind and loving and even through your difficult teenage years you never forgot to tell me how much you loved me and appreciated my support . ‘ in the last two years you blossomed into a beautiful young woman , independent and hard-working , making us all so proud of you . ’ she added that she had fond memories of her daughter playing and fooling around with her sisters , lauren and eve , and her brother zane . miss doyle , whose white coffin was adorned with red roses , gave ‘ unquivering friendship and support’ to her friends and family throughout her life , her mother added .