bulgarians love their traditional music . they have a tv channel devoted to it , and one show – a sort of bulgaria’s got talent for folk acts – features people of all ages swaying in stately unison . indeed , they are so proud of the music that when asked to include something in the capsule aboard the voyager 2 space probe , they sent tracks from the album le mystere des voix bulgares , in the hope that aliens would like it too . colourful outfits ! villagers dressed in the traditional bulgarian costume . i love this kind of folklore as long as it really is part of the local culture and not just put on for tourists . in bulgaria it is genuine : practically every village in the mountains has at least one choir , and their own particular variation of traditional dress , and many hold festivals in the way that english villages stage fetes . when i decided to go to bulgaria i looked for a holiday combining exploring the remote southern mountains with a festival . despite much trawling on the internet , i couldn’t find a package on the right dates , so instead i combined a group walking tour with an independent excursion of my own . i began by joining a group of 11 other walkers , led by a guide who , it turned out , danced as naturally as she walked . we stayed in a village called yagodina high in the remote rodopi mountains . golden wonder ! the autumnal colours shine on the rodopi mountains in bulgaria . apart from the hotel , yagodina was totally devoid of any tourist infrastructure . the hole in the wall was not a cash machine but a spring . for the people living there , the end of communism did not appear to have resulted in a dramatic increase in consumer choice – the only two shops sold the barest of necessities . each morning we set off through pine forests and scrambled above the tree line to meadows so full of wild flowers that i counted 22 varieties in one square metre as i was having my picnic . we walked up to nine miles every day . the level of difficulty was described as ‘moderate’ but i found it quite challenging . unlike most of the other members of the group , i didn’t have walking poles , so i picked up two sticks and tapped along until i got into a rhythm . yagodina cave in rhodope mountains in part of the trigrad gorge and was the result of an earthquake that made the huge cave in the marble bed of a river . on the way down , we walked past fields of potatoes – the staple diet in the mountains – and through muslim villages , a legacy of the ottoman empire . it was easy to see why folklore survived in these places as they are so cut off from the outside world . at the end of one walk we scrambled down to the yagodina cave system , its luminescent stalactites and stalagmites dripping eerily as they have done for millions of years . evidence of prehistoric man was displayed almost casually , including a mug with a handle that looks as if it could be used to served tea today . picturesque scenery ! old stone bridge and mountain stream near the cave of yagodina . on my last evening , a group of villagers came to the hotel to entertain us . rashly , some of us agreed to put on traditional costumes too and dance rather inelegantly with them . when i came to leave the group the next morning , i had to sign a release form saying i was responsible for my own actions , which made my trip to the festival seem more adventurous than it really was . i splashed out on a cheap taxi for the trip across the mountains to the ski resort of bankso ( the one place i don’t want to go back to ) . next morning , things became more difficult as the locals use the cyrillic alphabet which i found impenetrable , so i couldn’t read the destination on the bus timetable . trees covered in a fresh snowfall on todorin vrah , in the pirin mountains . fortunately , a woman , who told me in broken english that her daughter was picking tomatoes in chichester , spooned me on to a crowded minibus to the pirin mountains . through the trees came the sound of singing and the banging of drums . each village had a stage of its own where its people performed their songs and were awarded certificates for participating . traditionally , women aren’t allowed to play instruments so they sang while the men played flutes , fiddles and drums . traditional bulgarian national costume worn by villagers in the pirin mountains . it was a joyous occasion , put on for their own pleasure , not for tourists . once the certificates had been awarded , everyone joined in , regardless of whether they were wearing traditional costume or jeans . i resisted invitations to dance and just sat and watched . a young teacher said she ‘revered’ their customs . ‘ i hope you are getting a good impression of bulgaria , ’ she said . i certainly was . exodus ( exodus.co.uk , 0845 287 3752 ) offers a seven-night walking trip in the rodopi mountains from £949pp including return flights , transfers , full-board accommodation , plus £100 single supplement . for further information visit bulgariatravel.org . 