nicola sturgeon tonight warned ed miliband he will not be able to pass a labour budget unless he agrees to snp demands - despite the labour leader 's claim that he would not do any deals . the scottish first minister talked up her chances of being westminster 's king-maker following next week 's election , with polls still pointing to another hung parliament . mr miliband tonight ruled out a formal deal with the resurgent nationalists , but a vote-by-vote arrangement remains on the table . scroll down for video . nicola sturgeon faced questions from a studio audience at bbc scotland in glasgow this evening - immediately after the three main westminster party leaders faced off in leeds . miss sturgeon 's comments came just days after her predecessor alex salmond was caught boasting : ' i 'm writing labour 's budget . ' the snp wants to end the tory-lib dem austerity programme and delay plans to balance britain 's books by spending an extra £140billion over the lifetime of the next parliament . miss sturgeon believes the coalition 's fixed term parliaments legislation will strengthen the snp 's hand . it means general elections are held on a fixed timetable every five years , and makes it much harder for an election to happen at other times . two-thirds of mps now have to back an earlier election , and governments can lose votes on budgets , queen 's speeches and other key legislation without it being seen as a vote of no confidence and triggering an election . ' [ mr miliband ] will not be able to get policies through without winning support from other parties , ' she said last night in a question time-style programme on bbc scotland . ' he wo n't get his budget through unless he compromises . ' the scottish first minister talked up her chances of being westminster 's king-maker following next week 's election , with polls still pointing to another hung parliament . ms sturgeon 's remarks come after the former home secretary david blunkett admitted that labour could not win a majority because of the snp surge in scotland . he said : ' we have a situation where labour could win literally scores of seats in england and wales and see themselves unable to offer a majority labour government because of what 's happened in just one part of the united kingdom . ' mr miliband tonight insisted he would not do any deals with the snp - and claimed he would rather not form a government than team up with ms sturgeon 's party . the labour leader 's hopes of outright victory on may 7 have been shattered by an extraordinary surge in support for the snp since the referendum in september saw scots reject independence . labour leader ed miliband , speaking in tonight 's special bbc question time , said he would rather not be prime minister than make a deal with the snp . david cameron , appearing on the special bbc programme first , said he only needed 23 seats to win a majority . ms sturgeon , who replaced alex salmond after the no vote , has vowed to use her gains in the election to ' lock ' the tories out of power and prop up a labour administration . an ipsos mori poll for stv news found support for the nationalists at 54 per cent while scottish labour had slipped to 20 per cent . mr miliband sought to dismiss the idea that he would be propped up by the snp : ' we are not going to do a deal with the scottish national party . ' if it meant we would not be in government . then so be it . i 'm not going to give in to snp demands - whether that is on trident or on the deficit . we do want to put forward a labour queen 's speech . ' but ms sturgeon said : ' if we have a big team of snp mps we can exercise real clout on behalf of scotland , but we can also build alliances with others in other parts of the uk to get more progressive policies because i think westminster needs shaken up for everybody . ' she added : ' in the house of commons now… you can defeat governments , you can change the direction of governments without bringing governments down . ' that gives the opposition parties enormous clout . ' now i know that david cameron and ed miliband are clinging to the pretence that one of the other of them is going to get a majority , but all the polls say – and everybody else knows – they 're not . ' and after the votes are counted , they 're frankly going to have to wake up and smell the coffee and respect the outcome of the election . ' david cameron faced a series of tough questions from the yorkshire audience at the bbc question time programme hosted by david dimbleby ( left ) . labour leader ed miliband faced a series of brutal questions over labour 's economic record - but insisted the party had not spent too much . the snp has declared it will never support the conservatives in a hung parliament , but is ready to do a deal with labour , even if it finishes in second place . it would be the first time since 1924 that a second-placed party had formed a government . earlier this month , secret video footage of mr salmond raised new fears about the nationalists holding the balance of power at westminster after may 7 . at a fundraising event in the highlands filmed on april 13 , mr salmond , who is bidding to return to the commons , is heard mocking labour after chuka umunna , shadow business secretary , had slapped down scottish labour leader jim murphy and said : ' the leader of the scottish labour party will not be in charge of the uk budget . ' mr salmond joked to the audience : ' but then i knew that already , because i 'm writing the labour party budget . ' mr miliband has insisted labour will be writing its own budget .