abandoned , rusting and desolate , the hulking remnants of these old bangers have been claimed by nature . german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields . he came across a range of mysterious graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including a rare jaguar xk120 , which , if restored , could be worth £82,000 , and a fleet of vehicles used by the allies in the second world war . many of the cars , often with doors , tires or windows missing , are parked on forest floors where nature has taken them over . dieter , 57 , from cologne , first came across a citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush six years ago . after witnessing how the foliage had grown in and around the man-made machine , he was hooked and began to track down other unusual resting places . part of a sculpture park in sweden which contains 50 cars . covered in moss and lichen , they appear to blend in with the woods around them . the sun sets over dozens of abandoned cars in 2014 in colorado . dieter has travelled the world for six years searching for scenes like this . two old cars poking out of a barn in arizona in 2014 . dieiter became hooked after finding a citroen truck that had been dumped in a bush . seemingly camouflaged cars are stacked on top of each other causing them to blend in with the landscape , in 2013 in france . another view of the swedish sculpture park . thick foliage has grown up through the rusting shells which were once roadworthy vehicles . a jaguar xk120 abandoned at the park could fetch £82,000 if restored . another exhibit at the swedish sculpture park ( left ) and a rusty red car abandoned in a forest in germany , pictured by dieter in 2014 . three cars that wo n't be going anywhere soon resting in a field in oklahoma while a working vehicle cruises by in the background . this old car is barely discernible amidst at the bottom of a heap of rusty , overgrown junk in france , pictured by dieter in 2013 . a battered ' stop ' sign stands ironically in front of a rusting vehicle that clearly has n't been driven for years in a yard in france . dieter said : ' in belgium i came across a place with about 250 cars , untouched in a little wood . the cars have rusted over time and the paintwork has dulled . ' the place was founded by the allies after ww2 . they left these cars in a little wood , but they did not take them when they went back home . ' ' other graveyards are not as rich in history but make for eerie and stunning places to explore . ' while in many cases i can not retrace the history of the vessels , some sites are more discernible and conspicuous than others . ' in sweden , for instance , i visited a car yard where vehicles had been disassembled during the 1950s . ' because the site stood a mere two miles from norwegian border , the car parts were then taken piece-by-piece over into the neighbouring country , where the importation of whole cars was forbidden . ' the automobiles were reassembled - this was not prohibited . only 30 miles from my hometown , cologne , i discovered a special collection . ' a car dealer had a funny idea . when he turned 50 in 2000 he arranged 50 cars from 1950 as a sculpture park in his garden and made a big party . ' some friends got really angry when they saw , for instance , an extraordinary jaguar xk120 left alone on purpose . ' in restored condition this car could fetch $ 120,000 ( £82,000 ) . ' dozens of cars lining forest a pathway in france appear to be sinking into the mud . dieter is interested in how foliage can grown in and around man-made machines . these american cars have seen better days as they lie abandoned in the baking sun out in the arizona desert , pictured in 2014 . a yellow and black race car has clearly been battered by the elements before this picture was taken on february 27 last year in germany . oid fashioned american cars and big yellow school buses site in quiet rows at a site in texas . america is a favourite subject for dieter . a few blotches of paint cling on to the rusty shell of this old banger in colorado . it 's hard to imagine it ever having been fit to drive . a ford collection of taunus , sold between 1939 to 1949 , look the worse for wear , pictured on february 15 this year in germany . a rusty yellow car abandoned by allied forces after the second world war pictured in 2012 in belgium . dead foliage litters the entire scene . moss covers and old fashioned vehicle in germany . dieter first discovered his passion for such subjects in his home country . this car in oklahoma looks more capable of running than most but it is doubtful it would be wise to go for a spin nonetheless . 