an irish tourist accused of leaving his brother in a coma after a late night argument in sydney has pleaded guilty to recklessly causing grievous bodily harm after the crown declined to downgrade the charge . barry lyttle , 33 , will now be sentenced in sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years , rather than the district court , where people could face up to 10 years for that offence . patrick lyttle , 31 , was rushed to hospital and spent six days in a coma after he was allegedly struck by his brother , barry in kings cross in sydney 's inner-city on january 3 . scroll down for video . barry ( left ) and patrick ( right ) arrived together today to the downing centre court in sydney . his elder brother was charged with recklessly causing grievous bodily harm . downing centre local court was told of the guilty plea during a brief mention on thursday , where lyttle was supported by family , including his younger brother patrick . lyttle 's legal team had tried to negotiate a lesser charge over the attack , with patrick publicly speaking out in support of his brother and calling for the charges to be dismissed . barry lyttle has been charged with grievous bodily harm . mr lyttle pleaded guilty after the crown declined to downgrade the charge . but prosecutors decided to go ahead with the original charge and that lyttle agreed to plead guilty . the irishman could learn his fate as soon as thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing . the hearing is expected to include cctv footage of the attack and evidence from criminologist john braithwaite , an expert in ' restorative justice ' , which covers sentencing options other than imprisonment . the irishman could learn his fate as soon as thursday afternoon when the matter returns to court for a possible sentencing hearing . the hearing is expected to include cctv footage of the attack and evidence from criminologist john braithwaite , an expert in ' restorative justice ' . the lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against lyttle should be dropped . during a brief mention of the matter last week , the prosecutor asked for a further adjournment saying police had served both parties with further material and they needed more time to negotiate . outside court on april 9th , patrick said he had made ' a fantastic recovery ' . mr lyttle spent nearly a week in an induced coma in january following his brother 's alleged attack before making his remarkable recovery at st vincent 's hospital in sydney 's inner suburbs . barry lyttle ( pictured left ) has pleaded guilty to causing his brother patrick ( right ) grievous bodily harm . the lyttle family has previously said they believe the charge against barry ( centre ) should be dropped . patrick lyttle ( right ) said he had made a ' fantastic recovery ' . patrick 's appearance in court last week was his first without wearing a beanie . he appeared in fine health as he and his brother arrived wearing matching suits and shoes . the younger mr lyttle has previously called on the charges laid against his brother to be dropped . the brothers , who have been accompanied by their father oiiver throughout their stay in australia , wish to return home to ireland together as soon as possible . patrick lyttle ( middle ) has called on charges against his brother barry ( left ) to be dropped . barry lyttle is pictured arriving at court with his brother , patrick , and his girlfriend , patricia last week . patrick was treated by paramedics at the scene where he was found in a pool of blood and vomit on january 3 . this means that barry will be sentenced at sydney 's local court , where the maximum jail term is two years . the brothers from belfast in ireland ( pictured here as children ) went on a night out on january 3 in kings cross . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .