a mother whose son suffered severe brain damage during birth is set to receive potentially the biggest medical negligence payout in history . the high court ruled today that united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust must pay in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries , after failing to carry out a caesarean section on suzanne adams and properly monitor her during labour . the hospital 's negligence led to her son james robshaw , now 12 , being born with cerebral palsy . the decision , believed to be one of the most significant in a case of medical negligence and the largest ever such court-ordered award for birth injury , reflects the lifetime care that james needs . suzanne adams ' son james robshaw was born with cerebral palsy after she hospital staff failed to carry out a caesarean section or properly monitor her during labour . james can not speak , dress or feed himself ( without assistance of a machine ) and must use a wheelchair . his intellect has remained fairly well intact and he communicates through sophisticated eye-gaze equipment . he will however be dependent on others to enable him to carry out the most routine daily tasks for the rest of his life . while the exact sum has yet to be confirmed , mailonline understands the minimum payout will be £14.6m . to date , the biggest medical negligence payout has been around £15 million - and ms adam 's lawyers hope to exceed this amount . ms adams was in labour when she was admitted to lincoln county hospital in 2002 . although her baby 's heart was monitored after her arrival , midwives either ignored or could not interpret the ctg trace - which detects foetal heart rate - correctly . james had an abnormal heart rate and was evidently in some distress and mrs adams was exhausted by a prolonged labour . today , the high court ruled that united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust must pay ms adams in excess of £14.6 million for birth injuries - the largest ever court-ordered award for birth injury . james , now 12 , can not speak , dress or feed himself and must use a wheelchair . he will be dependent on others to enable him to carry out the most routine daily tasks for the rest of his life . the confusion about ctg interpretation and the additional failure to carry out a timely caesarean section meant there was a delay in delivering james . resuscitation procedures were then carried out in the delivery room before he was transferred to the special care baby unit . the sum ordered by the high court includes money to pay for all james’ needs including : * 24 hour care provided by a team of live-in carers . * significant modifications to his home to allow james to use his powered wheelchair and access bathroom , kitchen etc . * hoisting and tracking equipment to lift james in and out of wheelchairs/bed . * disability equipment . * therapists including physiotherapist , speech & language therapist , occupational therapist , aac therapist , orthotist , orthoptist , psychologist . * adapted vehicle to enable james to travel in his wheelchair . * sophisticated eye-gaze equipment to enable james to speak and communicate with people and carry out his school work . * funding for james’ additional educational needs . ms adams ' lawyer , denise stephens , a partner with law firm access legal , argued that had the caesarean section had been carried out - or hospital staff had monitored the baby’s heart rate properly - the midwife could have identified that james was in distress . in either event , he would have been delivered much sooner and so would not have suffered any injury . ms stephens said : ‘ this is a tragic case of an avoidable accident at birth which caused devastating injuries . ' james is a bright 12 year old lad with a wicked sense of humour and perhaps the most distressing aspect of this case is the loss of the life james could have had if he had not been injured . ’ the united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust finally admitted liability for james’s injuries in 2009 - seven years after his birth . however it took a further six years to fight for damages for james . speaking today , ms adams said : ‘ the family has been through a very difficult time . ' [ the situation ] has taken its toll on family relationships and my mental health and i am still on medication for depression and anxiety . ' it was difficult to cope on my own at first and the interim payments my solicitor obtained transformed our lives . ' the award will help james realise his potential . ' but no amount of money can ever make up for the mistakes that have condemned my amazing son to a lifetime of dependency on others . ' pauleen pratt , acting chief nurse at united lincolnshire hospitals nhs trust , said : ' the trust and the nhs litigation authority are deeply sorry for what happened and for the impact this has had upon james and his family . ' the trust accepted , in 2009 , liability for the injuries which james sustained during his birth some 12 years ago . ' although we can not turn back the clock , we hope that the compensation , once agreed , will provide the reassurance that james’ future care needs will be met . ' 