harlequins director of rugby conor o’shea believes it is only a matter of time before marland yarde is restored to the england fold . yarde excelled in saturday 's roller-coaster aviva premiership victory over gloucester , scoring the crucial try in the 70th minute at the stoop . the 22-year-old wing won the last of his seven caps as a replacement last autumn , but was overlooked by england throughout the rbs 6 nations . harlequins winger charlie walker crosses for his side 's first try at the stoop . ‘we’ve had a difficult year , but anyone who has watched him will know he’s been absolutely outstanding . when we get back to winning he will get recognition again , ’ o'shea said . quins spent most of an uninspiring mid-table clash feeding off scraps due to the overwhelming superiority of the visiting scrum , only to produce the key drive in the 70th minute that was finished by marland yarde . as half time drew close , referee luke pearce had finally lost patience with harlequins set-piece frailty and pointed the finger at joe marler by sending the club captain to the sin-bin . gloucester only entered the interval 13-11 ahead - a poor return given their ascendency - and then moved 18-11 clear through a charlie sharples try with half an hour remaining to suggest their eighth win of the season was imminent . quins centre aseli tikoirotuma puts in a strong fend on gloucester lock james hudson . the kicking of nick evans kept quins in touch - the kiwi fly-half finished with 14 points - before an eventful final quarter produced a flurry of yellow cards and three tries . yarde seized the initiative for the london club and full-back ollie lindsay-hague appeared to have sealed the victory , only for dan robson 's try with a minute left to give gloucester a faint glimmer of hope until they aimlessly kicked the ball away in the last act of the game . the opening 10 minutes were dominated by gloucester 's scrum , yet it was quins who opened the scoring when outside centre asaeli tikoirotuma jinked into space before sending charlie walker over . walker 's try was the result of a clinical counter attack , but the 2012 premiership champions were immediately back under pressure once play resumed with their set-piece targeted once more , conceding a penalty that greig laidlaw sent between the uprights . gloucester no 8 gareth evans is hit hard by quins flanker jack clifford . laidlaw and evans exchanged penalties and just as quins began to attack with greater frequency , yet another retreating scrum gave gloucester the platform to race into a 31st minute lead . hook broke the gainline with a large dummy - his second of the afternoon - and found bill meakes in support , with the outside centre showing strength to force his way over from 10 yards out . gloucester 's set-piece dominance was rewarded when pearce sent marler to the sin bin , but they were unable to turn a push late in the first half into points . a big step and outside-break from full-back lindsay-hague created a half-chance for yarde moments after the interval , but the england wing was well tackled . harry sloan tries to evade the clutches of cherry and whites flanker sione kalamafoni . it was then gloucester 's turn to find space through jonny may down the right wing only for sharples to drop what should have been a try scoring pass . two attacking scrums later , however , and sharples dived over after meakes had spotted the overlap caused by quins being sucked into the one-sided forward exchanges . evans ' boot whittled down the deficit to one point but as the match entered the final quarter number eight jack clifford was shown a yellow card for a shoulder challenge on sharples and laidlaw rifled over the ensuing penalty . gloucester scrum half dan robson crosses the quins whitewash for a late score . despite being a man down , quins almost scored with two successive rolling mauls and on both occasions gloucester saw a player sin-binned - replacement lock ross moriarty for bringing down the first drive and sharples for a deliberate knock on . on the third line-out catch and drive they succeeded , with yarde touching down as the game entered the final 10 minutes . lindsay-hague and replacement scrum-half robson then swapped late tries to bring the game to a dramatic if scrappy conclusion . 