a teenager suffering a rare genetic condition that gave her the body of a 100-year-old has died aged 17 . hayley okines became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition . she suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate . progeria takes its name from the greek word ' proeros ' , meaning prematurely old . it involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing . there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the uk . scroll down for video . hayley okines , who suffered a rare genetic condition that gave her the body of a 100-year-old , has died aged 17 . a 10 year old progeria child will have the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness , arthritis and heart problems , but the mind of a 10 year old . progeria patients normally die from heart attacks or strokes at an average age of 13 . but hayley , from bexhill , east sussex , defied the odds to live four more years and even published an autobiography about living with the disease . last night her mother kerry posted on facebook : ' my baby girl has gone somewhere better . she took her last breath in my arms at 9.39pm x . ' today , the progeria research foundation posted on its facebook page : ' the entire progeria family mourns together with many as we say goodbye to hayley okines , our smart , beautiful and spirited english rose , who passed away today at age 17 . ' gone from our sight , but never our memories , gone from our touch but never our hearts . we will miss you . ' hayley and her family had fundraised for her medical treatment and to raise public understanding of the condition . her story was catapulted into the limelight after she starred in documentaries called the girl who is older than her mother and world 's oldest teenager : extraordinary people . her autobiography , called old before my time , detailed pop-star crushes and a dislike of school . but it was also a moving insight into how a child copes with a disease which resulted in hayley having the body of a 105-year-old . in an interview with the sunday people in 2013 , her mother described the hell of living with the disease . ' the most difficult part is hayley has the mind of a normal 13-year-old girl locked in an old person 's body , ' she said . last night her mother kerry posted on facebook : ' my baby girl has gone somewhere better . she took her last breath in my arms at 9.39pm x . ' hayley suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate . progeria patients normally die from heart attacks or strokes at an average age of 13 . but hayley defied the odds to live four more years . despite pioneering drug treatment in the us that gave her a new lease of life , hayley was unable to conquer the disease . ' someone else has to get her a drink as she 's too small to reach taps by herself . ' and buying fashionable clothes is tough because she still wears clothes for a five-year-old . hayley , who turned 17 on december 3 , left school last summer . however , despite pioneering drug treatment in the us that gave her a new lease of life , she was unable to conquer the disease . in recent weeks her health had deteriorated and she contracted pneumonia . after being discharged yesterday she died at home last night . hayley 's parents have previously described the heartache her condition had caused . her mother said : ' [ when she was born ] she had fine blonde hair , blue eyes and her father and i were besotted with her . ' at 10 months she walked for the first time – we were so proud . ' the only concern was she was so petite and did n't appear to be growing . ' but as i 'm only 5ft 4ins i tried to tell myself she simply took after me . ' at 13 months , hayley still wore clothes for a three-month-old , so her mother took her to their gp . tests revealed she had a rare gene mutation called hutchinson-gilford progeria . in an interview , hayley 's mother described the hell of living with the disease . ' the most difficult part is hayley has the mind of a normal 13-year-old girl locked in an old person 's body , ' she said . in her short life , hayley went swimming with dolphins , travelled all over the world , met prince charles , kylie minogue and justin bieber and starred in several tv documentaries . hayley even published an autobiography about living with the disease , called old before my time . her mother said : ' we looked it up on the internet and were shocked . we found photos of children who looked like little elderly people . ' they had bald heads and one girl was wearing a wig which made her look so odd it frightened us . ' it said sufferers would n't reach puberty and would eventually die from age-related disorders , usually before their teens . ' next came the devastating news that hayley would only live until the age of 13 . determined to make the most of the time she had , the family embarked on giving hayley amazing memories . members of the local community raised thousands of pounds to pay for her to go to disneyland in california . in her short life , hayley went swimming with dolphins , travelled all over the world , met prince charles , kylie minogue and justin bieber and starred in several tv documentaries . despite her terrible prognosis , the teenager remained upbeat . ' in many ways i feel i 've been lucky . because of this i 've met more people and done more than many do in a lifetime , ' she said .  