the number of women in britain becoming nuns is at a 25-year high . figures from the catholic church show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . from a low of only seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade . theodora hawksley , 29 , was until recently a post-doctoral researcher in theology at the university of edinburgh . but at the beginning of the year she decided to become a nun . figures from the catholic church show the number of women becoming nuns in britain has trebled from 15 in 2009 to 45 last year . from a low of seven in 2004 , the figure has been rising for the past decade ( file image ) . she joined the congregation of jesus in january and is now living in their house in willesden , north london , while taking the first steps towards making vows of poverty , chastity and obedience . miss hawksley , from hertfordshire , said : ‘ in one sense , it is a bit like trying to explain to somebody why you are marrying the person you are . you can list their qualities , but in the end it is a relationship of love . ‘ but on the other hand , i was drawn to it by wanting a greater freedom in being able to give myself to god and the world . ' i don’t have to worry now about practical things like making a career for myself . i’m free to go where i’m needed and meet people at the margins . ’ she is not the only young woman choosing the religious life . according to church figures , 14 of the 45 women who entered convents last year were aged 30 or under . the next moderator of the free church has claimed the church of scotland is ‘ literally dying’ because of falling congregation numbers . the rev david robertson said the departure of ministers and ‘concerns’ over issues such as same-sex marriage are linked to a ‘ theological and moral decline’ in the kirk . the dundee minister , who will become moderator next month , made the remarks on his blog site the wee flea as the church of scotland prepares to hold the general assembly 2015 in may . the free church has seen modest growth over six years , with about 13,000 people currently attending services . mr robertson said the kirk is losing ‘ around 16,000 members per year’ . but the church of scotland yesterday hit back , saying it remains one of the country’s ‘ largest and most robust organisations’ . miss hawksley said : ‘ there is another person in an order in london and she is 27 and we meet to chat . you are not on your own . it is an unusual life choice , but you are not the only one making it . there are plenty of people asking themselves the same questions . ’ she admitted some of her friends were ‘ a bit bewildered’ , but most had been very supportive . far from being trapped in traditional habits , miss hawksley said her order tends to dress down in t-shirts and jeans . father christopher jamison , director of the national office for vocation of england and wales , said : ‘ there is a gap in the market for meaning in our culture . one of the ways women may find that meaning is through religious life . ’ sister cathy jones , religious life vocations promoter at the office , said : ‘ we are never going to be at the place we were at 50 years ago , catholic culture was at a very different place . ‘ but the fact that more women are becoming nuns than in the past 25 years shows that as a generation we have turned a corner . ’ last year , bbc northern ireland political reporter martina purdy quit her 25-year career in journalism to become a nun . she said : ‘ i know many people will not understand this decision . it is a decision i have not come to lightly , but it is one i make with love and great joy . ’