it has been linked to deaths across the country and left others critically ill . now new york governor andrew cuomo has issued a state health alert that the synthetic marijuana product known as ' spice ' is sweeping the city , and that 160 people have been hospitalized in nine days after using the drug . over 120 of those people were admitted to emergency rooms in the same week . the cannabinoid , also commonly called 'k2 ' or ' mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over-the-counter as incense or potpourri . state health alert : new york governor andrew cuomo said friday that ' spice ' , also known as 'k2 ' or ' mojo ' , is sweeping the city , with 160 people admitted to hospital in the nine days from april 8 , 120 of them in one week . ' synthetic drugs are anything but harmless , and this rash of severe health emergencies across the state is direct proof , ' governor cuomo said , according to the hudson valley news network . ' we banned synthetic marijuana , bath salts and similar substances to avoid the disastrous results that occur – and as law enforcement and health officials continue to crack down on the use and sale of these drugs in new york , we are today issuing a health alert as a warning amidst this surge in hospitalizations . ' symptoms can range from confusion , drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate , seizures and loss of consciousness , according to the new york state department of health . ' young people may be fooled into thinking that these substances are safe because they are sold over the counter or are in colorful packaging , but they are not made for human consumption , ' new york alcohol and substance abuse service s commissioner arlene gonzalez sanchez told koco . ' they are dangerous and can have significant , long-term effects on the brain . ' but the same problem is occurring all over the u.s . critically ill : this photo shows jeff stallings , who was placed in medically-induced coma alongside his older brother , joey , after taking synthetic marijuana on april 6 in his hometown of mccomb , mississippi . on life support : the siblings , both in their twenties , fell seriously ill earlier this month after smoking the drug , a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana . above , joey . dangerous : the cannabinoid , also commonly called 'k2 ' or ' mojo ' , is predominantly abused by teenagers and typically sold over the counter as incense or potpourri . alabama department of public health issued a statement last week acknowledging a rise in spcie usage and said there had been 98 overdoses in the previous month . synthetic marijuana a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to traditional marijuana . it is nicknamed spice , mojo , k2 , yucatan fire , solar flare and bliss , among other things . the drug is typically smoked by users . it does not give positive results in tests for cannabis . because the herbs and chemicals in synthetic marijuana vary , it is impossible for users to know what they are smoking . they also can not tell what concentrations they are taking - which can lead to fatal overdoses . unlike pot , spice can cause a huge range of symptoms , many of which can be severe . these include tremors , paranoia , seizures , vomiting , hallucinations , chest pain , cardiac problems , kidney damage and brain damage . meanwhile in mississippi , there were 97 cases over eight days in april , according to cnn . two of these mississippi cases were jeff and joey stallings , brothers who were hospitalized april 6 after smoking spice . the siblings , both in their twenties , fell seriously ill after smoking the drug , which is a mix of herbs that has been sprayed with a chemical to produce a similar sensation to marijuana . they were hospitalized within hours of each other , when they collapsed after suffering from hallucinations , vomiting , night sweats and violent shaking . they had to be put on life support . fortunately both were able to fight for their lives and were allowed home on april 13 . jeff stallings , however , has suffered permanent kidney damage . last year , california teenager connor eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana . connor , 19 , fell asleep after taking the drug . his brain , deprived of oxygen , began to swell and he slipped into a coma . he was declared brain dead at hoag hospital in newport beach hours later . a deadly case : last year , california teen connor eckhardt died after smoking one hit of synthetic marijuana . above , connor is pictured brain dead , surrounded by his family , shortly before his organs were donated . ' he gave into ( peer pressure ) - thinking that it was okay , it was somehow safe - and one hit later , he goes to sleep and never wakes up , ' connor’s father , devin eckhardt told ktla at the time . doctors were unable to detect spice in connor 's system - there is no way to trace its everchanging components . however , they knew he had taken it after finding the package of the drug in his pocket . connor 's family donated his organs after his death , in accordance with the teenager 's wishes . they later created a facebook page to warn others about the perils of synthetic marijuana . ' connor eckhardt died after taking one hit of synthetic marijuana ( spice , k2 , potpourri ) . this dangerous substance is legal . help us save lives by sharing , ' read a post on the page . 