unruly hair is making my life a misery . what really works on frizzy hair like mine ? deborah , 43 , lanarkshire . deborah described her naturally curly hair as a ' frizz nightmare ' . home colouring has left it dry and out of condition . she is not alone . taming frizzy hair can be a constant battle . ' my hair can look amazing if a professional hairstylist blow-dries it , ' says deborah . ' if i am doing it , however , it 's a challenge because it 's so hard to control and so quick to go frizzy . scroll down for video . deborah before ( l ) and after ( r ) the the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment . ' i lead a busy life and would love my hair to be more manageable , so how can i tame the frizz and reduce the time it takes to get ready ? ' the expert : we sent deborah to the taylor ferguson salon in glasgow for the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment . while it 's certainly an investment ( prices start at £195 ) , it promises frizz-free hair for up to four months - so no wonder it has been hailed a miracle cure by beauty experts . first , stylist taylor gave deborah a trim , thinning out the volume and cutting in some layers . then a thick , yellow-white solution was combed along the length of each strand of hair . it contains molecules of nano-molecular keratin to penetrate deep within each strand , creating long-lasting results . finally , her hair was blow-dried . the verdict : ' i love my new look , ' says deborah . ' the coarse texture has gone and my hair has never felt so smooth ! ' even after washing and drying her hair at home , she was delighted with her new , sleek style . the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment costs from £250 ( including a cut and blowdry , or from £195 without ) at taylor ferguson , bath street , glasgow ( 0141 332 0397 ; taylorferguson.com ) . pureology colour fanatic . frizz-beaters to use at home . top of the list has to be john frieda frizz-ease forever smooth anti-frizz primer ( £9.99 , boots ) . humidity resistant , it fights frizz instantly . plus , with continued use , hair will become smoother . dove pure care oil restorative treatment for mature hair ( £9.99 , boots ) calms frizz by hydrating and nourishing hair , leaving it feeling softer and more manageable without heaviness . pureology colour fanatic ( £16.90 , feelunique.com ) is a multi-tasking hair repair spray . with 21 benefits , including reducing static , controlling frizz , preventing split ends and conditioning , it 's great for improving the health and condition of hair . oribe split end seal ( £42 , space nk ) is formulated for coloured hair that 's frizzy and unmanageable . it promises to repair up to 94 per cent of split ends after just one use , reduce hair breakage by up to 64 per cent and prevent colour fading . treats to make your monday marvellous . he-shi overnight ageless tanning balm ( £22.50 , debenhams ) . anything that promises you will wake up looking younger and with a tan sounds almost too good to be true . apply this balm to clean , dry skin , without moisturising first . the anti-ageing effect comes from the texture that smoothes wrinkles . one coat produced a healthy glow , without marking the sheets , and i was able to skip foundation for two days . we have come a long way since the days of classic perfume bottles . the latest novelty bottle of scent comes from jeremy scott for adidas originals ( £75 , selfridges.co.uk ) . the bottle , in the shape of an adidas training shoe with angel wings , is filled with rose , bergamot , incense and white pepper . as there are just 10,000 bottles , it 's well worth picking up . he-shi overnight ageless tanning balm ( l ) and jeremy scott for adidas originals scent ( r ) . unsung hero . nivea in-shower q10 firming body moisturiser ( £5.10 , nationwide ) . who remembers to apply body lotion every day ? apparently , only 30 per cent of us manage it , which is why i love the idea of something you can use in the shower . it 's a bit like using hair conditioner , but for the skin . bargain buy . lacura eye shadow box ( £3.99 , aldi , from april 19 ) . comes in four tones to suit your colouring . the shadows are pigmented and it comes with a handy double-ended mini brush . also worth checking out are the bargain mascaras , £2.39 each . elsa 's pick . the no7 early defence range launches today and will replace the no7 protect & perfect day , night and eye creams , though protect & perfect serum will still be available . the range is aimed at younger women who want to delay the signs of ageing ( from £13.50 , boots ) . no7 early defence ( l ) and lacura eye shadow box ( r ) .