after a night of drinking there may be parts of an evening you forget - or moments you wish you could erase from your memory . but now there 's an app that not only fills in these gaps in memory , it shares evidence of your drunken antics with your friends . called flashgap , all photos and videos taken using the app are added to a hidden album that only becomes visible the following day . the flashgap app ( pictured ) is free for ios and android devices . photos and videos taken on the app disappear into a hidden album after three seconds and only appear at midday the day after the event . all attendees of the event can see this album , and users can only delete photos they took themselves . flashgap is free for ios and android and was created by julian kabab . before a night out , one user creates an event and becomes that event 's host . they can then add friends to the event at any point until the event ends . during the night , photos and videos can be taken using the app and each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears . before a night out , one user creates an event and becomes that event 's host . they can then add friends to the event at any point until the event ends . during the night , photos and videos can be taken using the app and each shot lasts for just three seconds before it disappears . all of this ' evidence ' is added to an album that collects photos and images taken by any attendee , and this album remains hidden until 12pm the day after the event . at this point , all attendees are notified that the album is ready to be viewed . only people who attended the event can see the album , and users can only delete the photos they took themselves . any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users ' accounts . all of this ' evidence ' is added to an album that collects photos and images taken by any attendee , and this album remains hidden until midday the day after the event . at this point all attendees are notified that the album is ready to be viewed . only people who attended the event can see the album , and users can only delete the photos they took themselves . any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users ' accounts . alternatively , people can report images taken by other people if they believe the photos are inappropriate . the photos will be deleted by the flashgap support team if the reason is legitimate , but this team does n't have access to any of the images , the shots are n't stored on the flashgap server and the support team ca n't view albums . flashgap was inspired by the end credits of 2009 film the hangover . in the film , starring bradley cooper and ed helms , four friends go on a bachelor party to las vegas but lose the groom and have to retrace their steps to remember what happened . mr kabab , chief executive of flashgap said : ' we experimented with gopros on our heads during a night out and had such fun when reliving the footage and images the next day , that we really felt our idea had some substance . only people who attended the event ( attendees list pictured ) can see the album , and users can only delete the photos they took themselves . any photos deleted from the album are deleted from all users ' accounts . flashgap was inspired by the end credits of 2009 film the hangover ( ed helms as stu is pictured left , bradley cooper as phil is pictured centre and zach galifianakis as alan is pictured right ) . during the film the trio go on a stag do to las vegas but lose the groom and have to retrace their steps to remember what happened . ' we can all relate to going out and being guilty of not remembering an awful lot and that 's how flashgap helps people out . ' we then watched the hangover together and the ending credits show a series of photos from the guys ' infamous night and that 's what really triggered our thinking . ' the idea of people reviewing their antics from the previous night is such a powerful bonding experience and it is always interesting to see everyone else 's perspective from the event . in essence , flashgap allows users to be ready for yesterday . ' 