a polish prince has challenged nigel farage to a sword fight over his attacks on immigration . janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring that he had ' had enough ' of the ukip leader . brandishing his sword , mr zylinski said : ' enough is enough , mr farage . so what i 'd like to do is to challenge you to a duel . i 'd like us to meet in hyde park one morning , with our swords , and resolve this matter . ' janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero who fought the nazis in 1939 , posted the challenge online after declaring he had ' had enough ' of the ukip leader . the polish prince , who lives in ealing , west london , begins his video by introducing a gold sculpture of his father , captain andrzej zylinski . the cavalry officer led a victorious charge against the nazis in kaluszyn , near warsaw , in 1939 , helping to save 6,000 jews . in the online video he declares that he has had enough of the discrimination against immigrants from people such as mr farage . he said : ' i 've had enough of the discrimination against polish people in this country . ' mr zylinski added : ' the most idiotic example i 've heard of has been mr nigel farage blaming migrants for traffic jams on the m40 . ' the prince says a duel with swords is what any self-respecting 18th century polish aristocrat and an english gentleman would do . but zylinski also offers up an alternative way to settle their differences . he says that ' if his sword is a little rusty , we could meet in a studio for a duel of words in the run up to the election . ' the ukip leader was today forced to defend his stance on immigration after meeting an eastern european worker during a factory tour in essex . nigel farage , the leader of the united kingdom independence party , chats to a supporter during campaigning in clacton , essex . mr farage ( centre ) and parliamentary candidate for clacton douglas carswell ( left ) meet staff during a visit to hinge manufacturer nico in clacton , essex . mr farage was visiting hinge manufacturer nico in clacton as he spoke of the need to boost manufacturing and improve skills among british workers . during a tour of one of the factory 's workshops , he met hungarian ivan loncsarevity , 62 , who has lived in colchester for five years after travelling to the uk for work . mr loncsarevity could not answer questions as he does not speak any english but was described by colleagues as ' relatively low-skilled ' . the firm 's manufacturing manager steve dalton confirmed that the company needed to look to eastern europe to fill a skills gap and on occasion had flown potential employees from poland . mr farage displayed his union flag themed socks out campaigning today . asked about the encounter and whether mr loncsarevity should be working in the uk , mr farage said : ' ukip has never said anyone should leave the country , so the question is entirely baseless . ' one of the big problems that we 've got in engineering is a real shortage of young people studying engineering to go into trades such as this , which is regrettable . ' we 've got rid of technical colleges and encouraged more and more young people to go to university and study degrees which are not directly linked to industry such as this . ' if there 's no british person trained to do that job , then that says more about us than them . ' mr dalton said he was not a ukip supporter but did not oppose the party 's proposal of an australian-style points system designed to limit the number of immigrants . he said : ' there needs to be some controls but presumably , if we needed to fill a skills gap , we would still be able to do that under such a system . ' the company employs 130 people , six of whom are migrants from eastern europe . finance director gillian hagger said : ' a lot of industries in the uk do need migrant workers . ' the area we 're in means we 've got a large pool to recruit from but sometimes we find their skills are limited . ' on those occasions we have had to look further afield , including flying interviewees in from poland . ' later mr farage visited the town 's copping community centre with douglas carswell - the first person to be elected as a ukip mp after defecting from the conservatives . he met supporters and again spoke of the lack of young british people pursuing careers in manufacturing and leaving engineering firms with a ' genuine shortage ' of skilled workers . he said : ' we will say that anyone doing engineering at degree level should not be paying any tuition fees . '