the mother of nicholas figueroa , a 23-year-old male model who died in a building explosion on new york city 's 2nd avenue last month , has spoken out . ana figueroa , 55 , told daily mail online that though she cries every night , those responsible for the explosion and handling its aftermath have not reached out to her . ' nobody 's spoken to me , no one has called to give condolences , ' she said at a memorial to her son that was set up thursday at the site of the disaster that killed two and destroyed three buildings on march 26 . scroll down for video . ana figueroa ( pictured with husband nixon ) has spoken out for the first time since her son nicholas , 23 , died in a gas explosion on new york city 's second avenue . the young man and recent college graduate was paying the bill on a blind date at a sushi restaurant when three buildings in new york 's east village were destroyed . her upper east side family , which includes nicholas 's father nixon , 52 , and his three younger brothers brandon , neal and tyler , says it still ' wants justice ' and those responsible for the explosion to be punished . however , nearly one month after the blast that killed nicholas when he was on a blind date at a sushi bar , answers about what exactly happened in the explosion remain unclear . in early april , according to the new york post , a plumber allegedly admitted to law enforcement that he created an illegal gas connection in the building . allegedly at the request of michael hyrnenko , the son of landlord maria hyrnenko . mrs figueroa said that she had not been contacted by ms hyrnenko and has only learned about her life after reading it in media reports . she has learned that ms hyrnenko is also 55 and also has four children and said thusday , ' i wonder how she would feel if she were to lose her kid ' . while he said that they did n't want to ' blame ' anyone , mr figueroa said that the family ' wants someone to come forward and say that they did this ' . nicholas 's mother , who has not previously spoken at length to the press , said she had contacted a lawyer about filing charges against the landlord , though she is waiting until after the results of the city 's investigation . the figueroas say that neither the landlord of the demolished buildings , mayor bill de blasio nor con edison have contacted them with condolences following their loss . the family , who are afraid that their son 's death and its cause will be ' put under the rug ' have set up a memorial at the site of the explosion . mrs figueroa , who was hugged by passersby who saw the memorial to her son , said that she still cries every night . a wall has been placed around the site of the explosion , which destroyed buildings at the corner of second avenue and seventh street and damaged windows on one adjacent . attempts by daily mail online to contact mrs hyrnenko , who switched lawyers after the explosion , for comment were unsuccessful . beyond ms hyrnenko , the figueroa family said that other parties such as utility company con edison and the owner of sushi park , where nicholas was eating when he died , bear some responsibility for his death . mrs figueroa faulted them for not stopping gas flow to the building and continuing to run a restaurant in a dangerous situation . ' everybody has a part of this ' , nixon figueroa said thursday . now the figueroas are left with their son and brother 's death as the story fades from headlines , and the feeling that swiftly finding the person responsible is not a priority for authorities . ' they 're going to say ''it 's only two lives , it could have been more '' , but it was my son ' , mrs figueroa said on thursday as passersby hugged her in consolation . the explosion resulted in the deaths of nicholas and moises locon , 26 , a busboy at sushi park . her family was last contacted by new york city authorities before the april 7 funeral for nicholas , when help with services were offered . a gofundme page in memory of nicholas met it 's $ 30,000 goal , and the figueroas did not take the city 's help . despite the relatively small number of victims , mrs figueroa said that she had not received a phone call from mayor bill de blasio . ' we 're nobody , ' she said . ' now i really need their help if we do n't want this to be pushed under the rug ' . a spokesman for the mayor released a statement to daily mail online saying : ' following the east village building collapse members of the administration were in regular communication with the families of the victims . ' additionally , the mayor 's fund to advance new york city raised more than $ 150,000 for the victims of the tragedy and the administration 's offer to assist with funeral arrangements was declined . ' nicholas figueroa , ( left ) a former model , and moises locon , 26 ( right ) , both died at sushi park restaurant . new york city officials offered to help pay for nicholas 's funeral in early april , though the family was able to pay for it with help from a gofundme page . mrs figueroa was in tears at the funeral as she held a red rose and wore a button remembering her oldest son . though the memorial set up on thursday is a sorrowful reminder of her family 's loss , the mother says that her sadness has mixed with anger over fears that her son will have ' died in vain ' and no one will be held responsible . ms figueroa referenced other new york city incidents such as a crane collapse in 2008 that killed two and a fire in 2010 where those judged responsible faced manslaughter charges . the owner of the crane company and three men connected to the 2010 fire were all acquitted . she knows that the odds of a criminal conviction are small , but hopes that those responsible will help establish a small park on the property in memory of her son , who loved nature and meditating . the grieving mother said that those responsible include con edison , the utilities giant that said part of the building 's gas works failed inspection about an hour before the explosion . she has also yet to be contacted by officials from the company . con ed released a statement to daily mail online saying : ' we said on the day of the explosion and since then , that our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this tragedy , and we made a significant contribution to the mayor 's fund to help those affected . ' ms hyrnenko 's building had previously failed a con ed inspection in august , when workers discovered that a pipe had been tapped in a dangerous way , the company told the new york times . mrs figueroa said that illegal gas tapping should not be a ' three strike ' policy and that gas to the building should have been shut off completely following the second failed inspection . a con edison spokesman told daily mail online that the march 26 inspection was on ' work the building owner was doing in connection with the installation of a new service ' . the spokesman said ' the work did not pass the inspection and our inspectors left . the new service was locked , meaning that gas could not be accessed by it . ' a plumber allegedly admitted to law enforcement earlier this month that he had created an illegal gas connection at the site of the explosion . smoke from the fire was visible from around new york city as firefighters worked to combat the blaze on march 26 . the investigation into the incident by police and fire authorities is ongoing , with much of the suspicion falling on the buildings ' gasworks . con edison has previously said that it was replacing a small pipe with a larger one that would allow both the building residents and the sushi restaurant to receive gas . restaurant owner hyeonil kim told the new york times he believed that the residents had been getting gas since the summer from a pipe coming from ms hyrnenko 's other building next door . gas is thought to have still been flowing through the old piping after the inspectors left . after the inspectors left , ms hrynenko 's son michael was down in the basement investigating a gas leak during the explosion . he was carried out by a general contractor with him . ' our understanding is that the criminal investigation continues , ' the company said in a statement . for now the mother is left with only pictures and messages from her son . her last texts from nicholas , with whom she would talk about ' everything ' including include message where he asks her to cook his favorite chicken for dinner . the young man had just gotten his bachelor 's from buffalo state college and had been home for three months before he died . right before meeting his blind date at sushi park , nicholas , a former model , had texted that he was about to have an ' interesting experience ' . ms figueroa did not hear from her son again , and was knew that he was in the blast when she saw that his debit card had been used at the restaurant right before the explosion . after spending a long night at a nearby school hoping that her son would be found in the wreckage , mrs figueroa was later shown the place where he died . while the family may worry that officials will forget about their son 's death , she is grateful for public support . visitors to the second avenue memorial can now read testaments to the loving brother and son and see the spot where the explosion took his life , which the family has marked with white roses . the family was shown the spot where their son died and planted white roses in memory of the 23-year-old . the recent buffalo state college graduate had texted his mother saying that he was going on an ' interesting experience ' before his blind date . the sidewalk near the site on second avenue had been closed to pedestrians for weeks following the blast before reopening .