randy lerner will attend aston villa’s fa cup final against arsenal after missing the victory over liverpool at wembley because of a family bereavement . villa chief executive tom fox said the american owner was delighted by the 2-1 win and upset he had not been able to make the trip across the atlantic . fox , who sacked paul lambert and hired tim sherwood , said the result can get rid of the doom and gloom that hung around the club . he backed villa to have a chance of beating his old club arsenal , where he was commercial director until last summer , on may 30 . aston villa owner randy lerner is rarely seen at the club 's games but is expected to make the fa cup final . lerner missed villa 's 2-1 win over liverpool at wembley , which included a goal from fabian delph ( centre ) . fox said : ‘ randy had a family bereavement . he has a very small family and his mother 's sister passed away and he was n't able to make it . ‘ what does he think about it ? he 's ecstatic , i have emails on the phone . he will be here for the final . he was pretty upset he couldn’t be here . ‘ this is something which can create a positive atmosphere and blows through the negativity and clears it out . i hope it is the beginning of something great . if we play the way we played today i think we 'll have a chance . ‘ people talk about football where confidence makes a big difference . our performances the last few games have been good . this is a way for those performances to galvanise the club and get the fans to be really behind the club . ‘ we have a lot of work to do , i have been very honest about that . we have a lot of work to do to put the club back into a place where this is a thing we can do on a much more regular basis . ‘ greg dyke made a speech before the game and i wish all of our fans could have heard it . he talked about the history of liverpool and villa , seven fa cups apiece , all the semi finals we 've been in , and he talks about the club in a way the fans still see the club and a way we want people to see the club . ‘ here we are heading into a final with another great club . that 's the company villa needs to keep and hopefully where we can put the club . ’ england midfielder delph ( centre ) fires in villa 's second goal , which proved to be the winning strike . philippe coutinho ( centre ) opens the scoring for liverpool with a smart chipped finish at wembley . villa can qualify for the europa league by beating arsenal , which would be ahead of schedule as far as fox is concerned . winning silverware is of more consequence , he insisted . ‘ it could be great , i wasn’t envisaging it that way , ’ he said . ‘ i thought we 'd build to it more slowly but the thing would be winning the fa cup . it would be a such a positive emotional driver for what we want to do . i am more focused on that than what it means for europa league qualification . ‘ it 's all about pride and i sat there at the end of the game and i was incredibly proud of the effort the players put in and for the supporters i thought we outshouted some of the loudest supporters in the world . ’ 