a chef has created a 10in-tall , half-kilogram burger piled with six forms of three different meats and containing a whopping 2,000 calories . the whole damn farm , which costs £13.50 , is the creation of sam longhurst , head chef of splendid kitchen , manchester . he devised the mega meal - which contains two beef patties and a whole fried chicken thigh - after he was challenged by diners to create a burger containing three kinds of meat . the whole damn farm burger features two beef burgers , homemade bacon jam , ham chunks , a whole chicken thigh , barbequed pulled pork and bacon rashers . ready , get set , go ! customer angela fox gets ready to take on the mighty meat challenge . the monstrous meat feast has two beef burgers weighing 220g , a layer of homemade bacon jam , 100g of ham chunks and a 150g whole battered and fried chicken thigh . added to that is 80g of barbequed pulled pork and four rashers of bacon all sandwiched between two brioche buns . with a meat equivalent of six big macs the burger was created after a customer presented with the restaurant 's ' cow & chicken ' burger - a feast in its own right - remarked , ' it 's almost the whole damn farm . ' mr longhurst said : ' we are always up for a challenge and when a customer seemed disappointed by a burger that only contained beef and chicken , we knew we had to take it one step further . ' you could say we 've taken it several steps further as there are six different forms of meat on there . i think it 'll keep the punters satisfied . ' the head chef joined forces with owner mike edge to set out to achieve what might constitute a whole farmyard of animals in one meal . chef sam longhurst from the splendid kitchen restaurant in manchester with his mega burger . encased between a semi-brioche bun are : two beef burgers weighing 220g . layer of homemade bacon jam . 100g of ham chunks . a whole chicken thigh weighing 150g . 80g of barbequed pulled pork . four rashers of bacon . mr longhurst , who lives in salford with his wife and eight-year-old son matthew , said : ' it 's amusing when people are cocky and decide to go for it , as it 's a monster of a burger and they do n't realise that . i have only just managed to eat it myself . ' it 's loads of fun making stuff that 's a little bit ridiculous . i experiment with cooking at home too . ' matthew and i will make homemade burgers stuffed with cheese and cold meats , so i think of the whole damn farm burger as a supersized version of that . ' i think matthew would be scared of it , to be honest , a burger the same size as his head . ' mr edge said : ' we wanted something show-stopping ; we have n't gone down the road of using crisps and sweets as toppings , where it starts to get silly . ' all our dishes are quite fresh-tasting with just the odd strange ingredient . ' 