europe 's controversial new laws banning ultra-thin models from strutting down the catwalk may be doing more harm than good as models are reportedly going to extreme measures to ensure they clock in at a ' healthy ' weight when they hop on the scale - including stuffing their underwear with sandbags . earlier this month france passed a new law that bars models from walking the runway if their body mass index is deemed too low , in an attempt to combat anorexia . and the pressure is on for agencies who can face a fines of up to $ 80,000 and six months in prison for employing too-thin models . but former model jennifer sky , 38 , from brooklyn , new york , has revealed in an op-ed for the new york observer that the fashion industry has already found a way around the regulations , explaining that thin models are now resorting to wearing weighted spanx in order to cheat the new bmi standards . new kind of pressure : former model jennifer sky , pictured in 2013 ( r ) and 2003 ( l ) , has reported that models are being asked to wear spanx underwear stuffed with sandbags , so they can clock in at a ' healthy ' weight . different rules : models can be seen walking down the runway at the masha ma show in march at paris fashion week . france recently passed a law banning models from the catwalk if their body mass index is too low . an anonymous model , referred to in the piece as ' lauren ' , told jennifer that she participated in spanish fashion week , sometime after the country passed its new weight law in 2006 and recalled being asked to hide weights in her undergarments . ' they gave us spanx underwear to stuff with weighted sandbags so the thinnest of girls had a `` healthy '' weight on the scales , ' lauren said . ' i even saw them put weights in their hair . ' jennifer went on to say that she hopes the us does not try to pass this ' discriminatory and misguided ' because of its negative affect on naturally thin women . she noted that when she was a teenager she too would have been deemed underweight because bmi calculations , which are based on weight and height , do n't take age , sex or genetic body shape into account . ' at 16 , when i was working as a fashion model , i weighed 115 pounds and was 5’7” 1/2 , ' she wrote . ' i exercised regularly and really loved to eat subway veggie sandwiches and drink mcdonald’s vanilla milkshakes . ' major changes : models can be seen strutting down the catwalk during the yde show at paris fashion week in march . agencies who employ 'too-thin ' models face large fines and even jail time under the new french law . she continued : ' i was not anorexic or starving - i was definitely over-worked . i was simply a naturally thin teenager with a powerful teenage metabolic system . ' jennifer noted that as a teen with a bmi of 18.0 , she would most certainly have been considered ' underweight ' ; while the exact bmi requirements for models working in france have not been released , the world health organization considers people with a bmi below 18.5 to be underweight and at risk of being malnourished . and while jennifer says that , 22 years later her current measurements finally put her at a ' normal ' 21.0 , her bmi for most of her modeling career would have been deemed too dangerous for her to work under the new laws . while the model rights activist applauded the french government for attempting to protect the health of ' these young working professionals ' , she and lauren both agreed that outlawing skinny altogether is not the answer . ' i think a better solution is to raise the age limit for models to 18 , ' lauren told jennifer . ' many ultra-thin models are simply still going through puberty , and allowing their bodies to form before their career would be beneficial to all . ' model rights activist : jennifer spoke with megan alexander ( r ) about trafficking , abuse , and child labor problems within the fashion industry on inside edition in february . strict rules : the 38-year-old , who snapped this ' post fashion week ' selfie in february , noted her bmi would have been considered too low when she was a healthy 16-year-old model because she had a fast metabolism . jennifer added that instead of putting restrictions on the size of young models , the french government should ' look to the modeling agencies who freely act as employment agencies without the responsibilities of treating their client-models as working professionals ' . because models are considered independent contractors in the us , standard employment laws , which allow workers mandatory breaks , compensation for injuries and protection from sexual harassment , do not apply . sara ziff , who is a model and founder of the model alliance organization , told think progress in march that she is also against the new french law because legislating body mass standards is not the same thing as the fashion industry promoting a ' healthy ideal ' . ' bmi suggests there are distinct categories of underweight , ideal , overweight and obese , with sharp boundaries that hinge on a decimal place , which is simply not true , ' she explained . ' it is unfair and unreasonable to ban healthy models from working just because they have a relatively low bmi . '