if relations between cuba and america have recently thawed , then there may well be a new battle between the two countries on the horizon . cuban bikini babe kathy ferreiro , 21 , is vying to steal kim kardashian 's crown for having the curviest booty in america . the miami-based latina , who has already been dubbed the ' cuban kim kardashian ' by the city 's fashion crowd , is well known for strutting her stuff on the region 's balmy beaches . scroll down for video . cuban beauty kathy ferreiro has proved a hit on social media with fans loving photos of her curves , which the miami-based bikini-loving babe says are 100 per cent natural . and she loves a selfie ! the 21-year-old is being tipped by the miami fashion crowd to rival kim kardashian . pneumatic proportions ... but nothing about her derrière has been photoshopped according to kathy , who works for a skin cosmetics firm . and now she 's hoping for international stardom . her instagram and twitter accounts are attracting new followers daily with the hourglass-shaped latina hoping that her seemingly never-ending stream of body shots will help her to emulate some of kim 's success . she describes herself as a ' mamasota ' , meaning ' hot ' or ' sexy ' in spanish and is as fond of belfies and selfies as her idol . her instagram profile ' kathyzworld ' is awash with photos of her working out in the gym and posing next to expensive cars or on speed boats . the budding star has firmly denied that her bottom has been artificially altered , saying that her pictures are '100 percent real ' without any photoshopping . is kim quaking in her booty ? the would-be star is happy to pose for belfies at every available opportunity . living the beach life : the aspiring celebrity showers her instagram account with photos of herself in glamorous locations . landrovers and lycra : kathy , who works in skincare , is partial to posing in tightly-fitting clothes . fresh from the gym ! the super-curvy latina is hoping to be cuba 's answer to kim kardashian and has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries . by day , kathy works as a distributor for a skin cosmetics firm , but by night she can be found partying and socialising around miami 's most fashionable night spots . the star has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries and her mantra is ' life is beautiful ' . her champion , pr guru john chant said : ' she really is the new kid on the block and has arrived with a big bang . ' the great thing is her body is all natural and that is why she is drawing so much attention . she 's a gorgeous girl with curves in all the right places . ' in my opinion it wo n't be long before we see here face and butt plastered everywhere . all i can say is kim kardashian , look out ! '     