jeffrey williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on during a rally on march 12 . the man accused of shooting two police officers during a demonstration in ferguson has confessed to the crime in a series of phone calls from jail that were recorded . jeffrey williams , 20 , is accused of shooting and wounding the officers on march 12 , during an early-morning rally sparked by the resignation of ferguson 's police chief . all inmates are informed their phone conversations while behind bars are recorded and can be used as evidence against them , but despite the warning williams spoke freely about the incident in calls made from the st. louis county justice center . in a conversation with his girlfriend , williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside ferguson pd on the night of the shooting . ' nobody aiming at no police , ' williams said . ' i ran up the hill and he ( an unidentified person ) shot at the car . ... i shot back , ' williams said in the recordings first obtained by kmov-tv . in another conversation , williams expressed concern about a possible lengthy prison sentence . ' even though i was in the wrong , though , i should have just went the other way , ' he said . ' oh man , now i 'm looking at 10 years . ' prosecutors say williams told investigators he fired a gun but was aiming at someone else . williams ' attorney , jerryl christmas , has said williams told him he never fired during the protest . despite being warned that phone calls from prison can be used as evidence , jeffrey williams , 20 , spoke freely about the march 12 incident in calls made from the st. louis county justice center . christmas told the associated press on wednesday morning he had n't heard the audio of the phone conversations , but he stood by what williams told him . ' my client has maintained to me that he never fired a gun that night , ' christmas said . ' so until i 'm able to see evidence that i can distinctly talk to him about , i have to maintain my commitment to the statements that he has made to me . ' christmas was also critical of the justice center for releasing audio that provides potential evidence against williams . ferguson has been a focal point since a white police officer fatally shot 18-year-old michael brown , who was black and unarmed , on aug. 9 . a grand jury in november declined to indict the former officer , darren wilson , who also was cleared of civil rights violations by the u.s. department of justice in march . williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside ferguson pd and was n't aiming at the cops . he also expressed remorse . williams ' attorney , jerryl christmas , has said williams told him he never fired during the protest . but a separate doj report found widespread racial bias in ferguson 's policing efforts and the municipal court system , which it said was driven by profit mostly extracted from black and low-income residents . several city officials were fired or resigned following the report . among those was police chief tom jackson , and his resignation led several dozen people to protest outside of police headquarters . the demonstration was about to break up when shots rang out . a st. louis county officer was shot in the shoulder ; a webster groves officer was hit in the face . both are expected to fully recover . 