the warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life . but astronomers say ' rogue ' , sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials . while it sounds like science fiction , these planets may offer scientists a new avenue in their search for alien life . the warmth of a sun has long been thought to be a key ingredient to life . but astronomers say ' rogue ' , sun-less planets that wander the stars could still harbour extra-terrestrials . this is according to sean raymond , an astrophysicist with the laboratoire d'astrophysique de bordeaux in france , who has taken a look at how life can form on rogue planets . writing in aeon , he says : ' to have any chance of life – at least life like our own – a free-floating earth would need liquid water . ' a planet needs to keep warm for liquid water to form , and without the sun , this heat would have to come from its interior . ' a layer of ice on a planet 's surface can act as a strong insulator , locking in a planet 's heat , ' claims raymond . globulettes - regions of dust and gas that can form planets - could make rogue more common than first thought . rogue planets are of particular interest to astronomers because they represent objects that have likely failed to form into a star . pso j318.5-22 was detected 80 light years away from earth and it is estimated to have a mass six times that of jupiter . several years ago , an international team of astronomers discovered a large planet floating freely through space with no star to orbit . planets traditionally travel in a uniform , singular direction , around a star . however , the free-floating planet , named pso j318.5-22 , was found without a host . its movement is n't structured , and scientists do not understand how it formed and they are baffled by what - if anything - controls it . pso j318.5-22 was detected 80 light years away from earth and it is estimated to have a mass six times that of jupiter . astronomers believe it formed 12 million years ago , and is considered a newborn in planetary terms - earth is thought to be around 4.5 billion years old . dr michael liu of the institute for astronomy at the university of hawaii identified the rogue planet from its ' faint and unique heat signature ' . we have never before seen an object free-floating in space that that looks like this . ' it has all the characteristics of young planets found around other stars , but it is drifting out there all alone , ' explained liu . ' if the ice layer is thick enough , then a planet can maintain an ocean of liquid water beneath the ice . ' he calculates that the ice layer needs to be at least 10 km ( 6 miles ) thick to prevent it from freezing for billions of years . raymonds comments echo a similar conclusion reached by scientists in chicago several years ago . they calculated that life can cling on to a planet for billions of years without a star to provide a direct source of warmth . research by astrophysicists dorian abbot and eric switzer from the city 's university discovered that heat would come from the breakdown of radioactive elements inside the planet 's core . the scientists named their discovery a ' steppenwolf ' planet because they claimed any life found there would ' exist like a lone wolf wandering the galactic steppe ' . however the pair refused to speculate on what life forms would be discovered , but agreed that they would me microscopic in size . as well as internal heat , raymond says another way a planet can keep warm is using a thick atmosphere . ' a free-floating earth with a thick hydrogen atmosphere could keep its surface temperature above the freezing point of water , ' writes raymond . ' the planet could have lakes and oceans ( and possibly life ) on its surface . ' rogue planets are hard to find because , without orbiting a star , they reflect very little light . but 50 have now been found in the past 15 years , leading some to suggest they may be abundant in the universe . rogue planets are of particular interest to astronomers because they represent objects that have likely failed to form into a star . brown dwarfs , for example , are substellar objects that are not massive enough to sustain fusion , but are still more than 13 times the mass of jupiter . the exact boundary between a giant planet and a low-mass brown dwarf is still being debated , but finding more rogue planets could shed light on this mystery . and this could indicate that there are more rogue planets than we know of in the cosmos .