for the last few years the self-styled biggest club in the world , manchester united , have not even appeared the biggest club on their home patch . the ‘ noisy neighbours’ of manchester city have spent more and won more . and the sir alex ferguson factor vanished from old trafford when he retired in 2013 . in fact the last time united won a derby at home was in 2011 when wayne rooney’s late spectacular acrobatic goal earned them a 2-1 victory . wayne rooney scored a spectacular overhead kick as manchester united beat manchester city 2-1 in 2011 . united sit above city in the premier league table for the first time in 16 months after having played the same amount of matches - following the latest round of results . rooney ( centre ) scored a stunning half-volley as united beat aston villa 3-1 on april 4 . meanwhile city players look crestfallen during their 2-1 defeat at crystal palace on easter monday night . but there has been a sudden and surprising shift this season . united have forced their way above city in the premier league table for the first time since november 2013 , and should louis van gaal’s red-hot team beat their suddenly-fragile rivals on sunday afternoon , they will move four points clear of the defending champions . for many , then , the natural balance of power will have been restored . manchester city manager manuel pellegrini is no longer trying to hide the collapse of his side’s season , which has seen them slip to fourth and make an early exit from three cup competitions , including the coveted champions league . having defended his side earlier following losses at burnley and crystal palace , the chilean has decided to be more candid ahead of the derby . ‘ it has not been a good season , definitely not a good season , ’ he said . ‘ it was not so bad until the end of 2014 , we were top of the table and still in the champions league . but in the last three months , we have thrown it into the garbage , all that we did earlier . we are doing some things very badly , that’s why we must improve . ’ admitting there is a problem is always the first step to recovery but pellegrini , who has won his last three games against united , appears a little less sure about how to fix it . city boss manuel pellegrini has branded the last three months of their season as ' garbage ' due to poor form . the chilean ( left ) cut a frustrated figure during city 's 2-1 defeat at palace on easter monday night . his players have been derided as an ageing first-team squad . fifteen of them are 29 or over , including captain vincent kompany , who is experiencing his worst season at city . but pellegrini will not go along with such a theory , saying defensively : ‘ i don’t think the best players at the end can suddenly grow old in three months . ’ nonetheless , he clearly believes city must flex their financial muscles again to replenish the squad , just as they did in 2008 when the new abu dhabi owners broke the british transfer record within 24 hours of their arrival to sign robinho for £32.5million . since then , they have spent £500m on transfer fees . ‘ i will try to continue being noisy , ’ said the chilean , referring to ferguson’s famous quote about city in 2010 . ‘ all the big teams spend a lot of money , always . people just talk about it when it’s city . ’ the problem for pellegrini is that united are back in the game , competing for the top players following a brief post-fergie wobble . united executive vice-chairman ed woodward , who has overall responsibility for the budget , is determined his club will not be bullied out of deals as they were when city beat them to samir nasri , from arsenal . pellegrini wants city to flex their financial muscle in this summer 's transfer market to bolster their squad . city pipped rivals united to the signing of samir nasri ( right ) from arsenal in august 2011 . van gaal , after five consecutive premier league wins , is equally bullish , declaring : ‘ i don’t have any doubt that players are coming to manchester united . ’ negotiations for borussia dortmund’s mats hummels and ilkay gundogan are understood to be under way but the acid test will be for juventus and france star paul pogba , 22 , rated the best young midfield player in europe and coveted by united and city . both will throw money and the promise of titles at £60m pogba , who began his career at old trafford but was allowed to leave for serie a after a rare error of judgment by ferguson . city say there are mitigating factors why they are a point behind united . david silva thinks united’s absence from the champions league has helped them . ‘ it doesn’t surprise me united are doing well , they have had the advantage of only having the premier league to play for , just as liverpool did last season , ’ said the spaniard . ‘ it will be a hard game for us but we can definitely win . ’ the future of pellegrini will come under huge scrutiny if he loses this match . he has been given some comfort by van gaal , who dismisses city’s last result , a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace , as a virtual fluke . ilkay gundogan ( right ) anchors borussia dortmund 's midfield and could be brought by united in the summer . mats hummels ( left ) looks likely to join united this summer to strengthen their porous rearguard . juventus ' £60million-rated midfielder paul pogba is also a summer target for united and their rivals city . ‘ i saw the game , watching on tv at home with a cup of coffee . crystal palace went 2-0 ahead but you could not imagine it was a 2-0 game , ’ said the united manager . ‘ we have also played these kind of matches . the opponents crossed the halfway line three times and they scored two goals but that’s football , and more so in england than in other countries . ‘ manchester city were unlucky and , of course , confidence is a big thing in football . but sunday is another game , a special game and it shall not influence a lot . ’ rooney’s brilliant winner against city in 2011 was voted the best premier league goal of all-time . the united captain still regards it as his favourite . ‘ it was my best goal because of the importance of it . we won the game and soon after we won the title , ’ he said . should united win on sunday , their supporters will dare to dream of such moments again . but if city can upset the odds and prove they are still a major force to be reckoned with , the noise will reverberate around europe - and even reach pogba . united manager louis van gaal believes city 's defeat at crystal palace wo n't influence sunday 's derby . expected team line-ups for the manchester derby at old trafford on sunday afternoon . so far manchester city boss manuel pellegrini has a 100 per cent record against united since he succeeded roberto mancini . manchester city 4-1 manchester united , september 2013 . sergio aguero scored twice as pellegrini celebrated victory in his first manchester derby while another managerial debutant , david moyes , watched his united side taken apart . manchester united 0-3 manchester city , march 2014 . edin dzeko scored after just 45 seconds at old trafford and later added another as city completed a league double over united . pellegrini will have to think about starting the bosnian striker today . manchester city 1-0 manchester utd 0 , november 2014 . different manager in the united dug-out , same result . aguero struck again after chris smalling had been sent off for united .