the end-of-season awards will go to the best attacker but if there was a defender of the year , john terry would clean up . nobody else would get close . this has been his best season in a chelsea shirt . two seasons ago rafa benitez said he couldn’t cope with two games a week . that will have frightened the life out of john . so credit jose mourinho for trusting him and building that defence around him . terry has never had pace but that is not a problem as he reads the game so well . he didn’t break sweat against arsenal and chelsea were too streetwise for arsene wenger’s team . john terry celebrates after the premier league match between arsenal and chelsea at emirates stadium . chelsea are undefeated against the top four this season where arsenal have lost twice — that is the gap wenger’s side need to bridge and terry has been a huge part of that . i remember playing against him early in his career and after i tackled jimmy floyd hasselbaink , he clattered right into me — he wasn’t going to let me put one on his team-mate . that’s when i knew he could grow up to be a special player . terry celebrates with his team-mates after the premier league draw against arsenal in north london . one hull of a result . beating crystal palace was a massive result for steve bruce . their run-in is horrendous and had they lost at selhurst park , surely it was all over . it shows how football fortunes can change in an instant . hull are not the best away from home but as the stats below show , they thoroughly deserved their win . dame n’doye was the star and could have had a hatful but i love the way he took his second . that little delay of his foot was just enough to put the defender off balance and give him a sight of goal before firing it in . bruce had to move quickly to sign him on deadline day in february but n’doye has done well since joining from lokomotiv moscow . if he carries on like this and hull stay up they might have to build a statue outside the ground ! dame n'doye celebrates scoring the opening goal during the premier league win against crystal palace . can manuel still be the man ? after recent results , people say manuel pellegrini is a dead man walking . beating aston villa was important but can he keep his job under so much pressure ? deciding pellegrini’s fate will be one of the toughest choices man city’s owners have faced . i spoke to frank lampard and he says they are fantastic people — there is no desire to chop and change . city are so close . they have world class training facilities , an expanding stadium and absolute fortunes to spend . but this season has been a blip . manuel pellegrini looks on during the premier league match against aston villa at etihad stadium . pellegrini won two trophies last year , so they could keep him and let him rebuild . recruitment has been poor and they need to get it right in the summer . but it’s no good letting him buy players only to get a new man in next year . if he is sacked , who gets the job ? pep guardiola is the dream but it would take a major fallout for him to leave bayern . patrick vieira has the tools but no experience , jurgen klopp would be appointed on past success and diego simeone is an underdog manager . city want style . there is no shame losing to barcelona , it’s the defeats to the likes of burnley and stoke that have hurt pellegrini . city could still get rid of him , but i’m sure it would be with a heavy heart . manchester city are dreaming of pep guardiola but it 's unlikely the bayern boss will make the move to city . flying foxes . talk about timing your run . leicester are in amazing form . four straight wins is good for any side , let alone one facing a relegation battle . it’s been a tough season for nigel pearson with all the drama of him being ‘sacked’ and reinstated , but he has got his team flying at exactly the right time . home disadvantage ? there were only two home wins this weekend with three away and five draws . at this stage in the season sometimes it’s far easier to play with freedom on the road than under huge pressure at home . toon 's poor show . the way newcastle are going i would not be surprised if they don’t get a single point between now and the end of the season . they have been an embarrassment . it’s as if they are in the clubhouse with 35 points . they don’t look like adding to that any time soon and anybody with newcastle in their run-in has got a chance of a result . a deflated jack colback and siem de jong trudge off the pitch following yet another newcastle defeat . the newcastle players react as they suffer yet another defeat , this time to premier league rivals swansea . chaos at watford , but it works . watford striker troy deeney celebrates scoring for watford against brighton at the amex stadium . watford have spent 20 days at the top of the championship table . bournemouth , who are on the verge of promotion , have led for 111 days . congratulations to watford after their promotion , but if ever you want an example of how not to run a club , they have been it this season ! with unpredictable owners , four different managers and a host of key players on loan , it has been chaos . they have been outsiders throughout but have come through when it counts . i’ve loved watching troy deeney and odion ighalo bang in the goals and you can’t argue with the results . it just shows you there’s no right or wrong in football . the watford players celebrate victory against brighton as they all but secure their promotion to the big time . united slip up . two weeks ago man united had all the answers but two defeats later it’s back to the drawing board . it’s not that they have been found out , but maybe they are not as good as people thought . they were just in good form . they have had the luxury of playing with no european football this season so still have work to do in the summer . it’s the same feeling with everton . they started the season dreadfully but have won five out of six . i’m a roberto martinez fan and they have good players so we should not be surprised that things have changed . louis van gaal watches on as his manchester united side are comprehensively beaten by everton . paying the penalty . why oh why did danny ings not take that penalty for burnley ? yes , he is out of form and without a goal since february but what better way to get back on the scoresheet ? he took one against aston villa in november and scored and he and burnley needed that goal . then to make things worse leicester go up the other end and score 27 seconds later . burnley midfielder matthew taylor holds his head after missing the chance to score from the spot . it was a similar story at qpr . charlie austin’s goals have kept his side going this season but he has missed two big penalties now — against hull and west ham . when every goal is so vital you can’t afford to pass up these chances . ps if qpr go down , austin won’t be the only player with plenty of suitors . matt phillips has been scoring and setting up good goals in the run-in . he is a useful premier league player . charlie austin looks on angrily following his penalty miss against west ham united at loftus road . 