charlie austin has revealed how his good mate joey barton ignored him on his first day at queens park rangers before realising his mistake - with the duo then becoming good friends . the striker has had a premier league debut season to remember and is being touted as a possible england debutant in the future after scoring 15 goals in the competition . his close friendship with club captain barton is well publicised but they 're first encounter is one austin is unlikely to forget . charlie austin ( left ) and joey barton have become good friends despite their very early setback . speaking to the guardian he said : ' my first day , i came to the training ground within 45 minutes of signing and i was waiting for the security barrier to lift when he came out . i thought : ' that 's joey barton . ' ' he looked at me , just got in his car and drove off . ' i thought : ' brilliant , here we go ! ' to be fair to him , he came in the next day , shook my hand and said it was n't until he got home that he knew i had signed . the following day he invited me and bianca , my wife-to-be , out to dinner and from then until now we 've been close mates . ' qpr take on west brom , on saturday before travelling to fellow strugglers aston villa on tuesday , and austin knows his side ca n't afford to lose . the 25-year-old says qpr ca n't afford to lose their next two games and must pick up at least four points . club captain barton ( centre ) has been relegated with the club before and will want to avoid the drop . he said : ' you look at those two games and you think we need to get four to six points . ' austin 's first season has been somewhat spectacular and he 's currently fourth in the highest goalscoring charts behind harry kane , diego costa and sergio aguero and the striker his humbled to be in the same mix as them . ' it 's quite surreal because i could n't have dreamed to be in the mix with people like that. , ' he says . austin ( centre ) scores against aston villa and he 'll look to do the same when they play on tuesday . 