a british woman told today of her horror at finding her two best friends shot dead on a sofa at a villa in spain . peter tarsey and his wife , jean , both 77 , were found covered in a green raincoat , each killed with a single bullet in a double murder of ' terrible cruelty ' . the friend , ann , said she had gone to the house on sunday afternoon with another friend because she was concerned at not being able to reach the couple on the phone . the expat , who had been friends with the couple for 25 years , said : ' i knew something was wrong as soon as we got there . what we found was like something out of your worst nightmare . murdered : peter tarsey and his wife jean , both 77 , were killed with a single bullet each while locked in each other 's arms under a raincoat on their sofa in their detached country home in xalo , near benidorm . grim : police were alerted on sunday at 4.15pm when friends went round to the house for their regular sunday dinner . they found the door open and the couple dead in each other 's arms on the sofa in the front room . ' i 'm still in a state of shock . both the couple 's cars were there , so we knew they must be in the house . ' we climbed over the fence and found the kitchen door open . i knew as we entered the house something was terribly wrong . ' we saw them on the sofa covered in a green raincoat that jean had recently bought . ' they were covered up but their legs were visible at the bottom of the coat . ' we knew it must be them but eduardo wanted to make sure , so he pulled the coat back just to check . ' they were in each other 's arms like he was protecting her . i really do n't want to think about it as it 's so upsetting . ' a murder investigation has been launched after jean ( pictured ) and peter tarsey , both 77 , were found shot dead inside their villa in spain on sunday . while police say they are not ruling any lines of inquiry out , they believe the couple were murdered . ann , who asked for her surname not to be published , said she ' ca n't imagine ' who would want to kill them , adding : ' they were such a lovely , friendly couple who would do no harm to anyone . ' she said : ' i really hope the police catch whoever was responsible and throw away the key . ' it did n't look like a robbery as the house looked normal . there were none of the disturbances you would associate with a robbery . ' ann and her friend , eduardo juan , found the couple at around 4pm on sunday at the couple 's house in xalo , near benidorm on the costa blanca . their dog domino was inside barking when they arrived . the four friends went out for lunch every sunday and ann became concerned when she could not raise them on the phone . mr tarsey always went by his middle name of david . the couple , pictured together the day before they married in february 1960 . a 15-year-old mr tarsey practises his diving at a pool in london , four years before competing at the olympics . she added : ' david was an olympic diver and jean was a swimmer . they met when they were 13 at a diving club in england and were childhood sweethearts . ' who could do such a thing to a defenseless elderly couple ? as far as i know they had no enemies and were not overly concerned about burglaries . ' there have been some robberies not far from xalo in recent years and they have been getting more violent , but this is just terrible . i ca n't imagine anything worse . ' their sons alexei and sascha are absolutely devastated . ' eduardo told a local spanish newspaper of the moment he lifted the raincoat up . he told las provincias : ' from the shock i got , my legs are still trembling . ' the bodies were covered with a raincoat but the legs were sticking out . ' he was hugging her , on top of her , as if he were protecting her , because my impression is that they had an extremely cruel death . ' he was such a good person , i 'm sure if they had asked for money or something very valuable , david would have given it so they did n't hurt his wife . ' the killer or killers threw the couple 's computer into the swimming pool ( above ) , possibly out of fear it contained images captured on the couple 's webcam . eduardo told the paper he had known the tarseys for 40 years , adding : ' they were very good people , humble , friendly and not ostentatious . everyone who met them loved them . ' we called the tarseys ' sons , alexei and sascha , at 10.30 that night to inform them of the deaths of their parents . it was horrible . ' police have revealed that mr tarsey was shot in the back of the neck while mrs tarsey was shot in the face . the killer or killers threw the couple 's computer into the swimming pool , possibly out of fear it contained images captured on the couple 's webcam . police said they are still investigating the motive for the murders , but believe it may have been a bungled robbery . a television was stolen , but police denied reports that an attempt had been made to force the couple 's safe . no gun was found at the property , but police believe the murder weapon was a small pistol . the tarseys , originally from west london where mr tarsey worked as an engineer , bought their spanish home in 1990 . they had put it on the market for €230,000 ( £170,000 ) last year , hoping to move to majorca to be closer to their son sascha , a friend said .