a four-year-old boy has accrued a burgeoning fan base for giving a very animated interview on local tv despite having bandaged wounds . jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs . while on camera , the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions . ' i said , `` what ? is that the fire ? ! '' ' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air . scroll down for video . tv debut : jayden wingler of phoenix , arizona , was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs . caught on camera : while on camera , the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions . expressive : ' i said , `` what ? is that the fire ? ! '' ' the adorable tot said while waving his hands in the air . jayden 's father , skeeter , was unable to get a word in edgewise , as the youngster continued with his story . ' i hate that fire ! ' he continued . ' i just said , `` i hate that fire ! '' and then i just said , `` i hate that fire ! `` ' finally , jayden 's father managed to speak up . he told the interviewer that hopefully jayden would be able to get back on the theme park ride which injured him again one day . but the comment hit a spot with jayden and he immediately piped up . ' oh no , dad ! ' he exclaimed shaking his head and putting his arms up as he spoke . ' i 'll never get on another boat . never again . ' hogging the limelight : jayden 's father , skeeter , was unable to get a word in edgewise as the youngster continued with his story . catchphrase : ' i hate that fire ! ' he continued . ' i just said , `` i hate that fire ! '' and then i just said , `` i hate fire ! '' ' the youngster was injured at phoenix 's castles n ' coasters amusement park on march 27 . he was in a bumper water ride with his 12-year-old brother when their boat 's gas tank exploded and it caught on fire . luckily , both siblings were able to escape the blaze , but not before suffering second-degree burns on their legs . they were taken to maricopa county burn center unit to be treated for their injuries , which apparently could take up to a year to heal . wounds : jayden was injured at phoenix 's castles n ' coasters amusement park on march 27 . scene of the incident : he was in a bumper boat ride with his 12-year-old brother when their boat 's gas tank exploded and it caught on fire . a spokesperson from the castles n ' coasters park issued an apology to the wingler family . they said that it was the first incident of its kind in the venue 's more than 50-year history . the statement concluded : ' we are thoroughly investigating with the manufacturers the cause of this unfortunate accident and express our sincere sorrow that a ride at our park caused harm to our guests . ' we feel horrible that this happened . ' to date , jayden 's on-air appearance has been watched thousands of times . many viewers have given his reenactment of events a big thumbs up . ' so animated ! love his personality ! ' one commenter wrote , while another added : ' he 's going to be a celebrity ! ' 