cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows snp leader nicola sturgeon would prefer a tory general election victory . cabinet secretary sir jeremy heywood last night ordered an inquiry into claims that a leaked memo shows snp leader nicola sturgeon wants david cameron to win the election . the investigation came after ms sturgeon claimed she was the victim of whitehall ‘ dirty tricks’ . the row followed an allegation she told french ambassador sylvie bermann she would prefer a tory general election victory – partly because labour leader ed miliband is not ‘ pm material’ . the leaked memo , drafted by a british civil servant , reported ms sturgeon had privately told the diplomat ‘ she wouldn’t want a formal coalition with labour ; that the snp would almost certainly have a large number of seats ... she’d rather see david cameron remain as pm’ . the scottish first minister yesterday branded the report as ‘100 per cent untrue’ and stressed french officials had also denied the account . she added ‘ the real issue is how a second-hand and inaccurate account of this meeting came to be written by a uk government civil servant , then leaked’ . however , her opponents claimed the memo showed the snp secretly thinks a tory-led government in london would make it easier to stoke nationalist resentments and increase the likelihood of a future independent scotland . it came as sources revealed that the snp leader is planning to ambush mr miliband during the next televised debate . ms sturgeon has been plotting with plaid cymru’s leanne wood to portray mr miliband as part of the ‘ discredited westminster establishment’ in a joint ‘ kill mil’ nationalist pincer movement . senior labour figures fear mr miliband has made a disastrous misjudgment by taking part in the next debate on april 16 . the row follows an allegation sturgeon ( left ) told french ambassador sylvie bermann she wants david cameron ( right ) to win – partly because labour leader ed miliband is not ‘ pm material’ . sturgeon denied claims that she secretly hoped cameron would win the election on her twitter account ( above ) . neither david cameron nor nick clegg will take part , leaving the labour leader to fight it out with the nationalists , ukip’s nigel farage and green party leader natalie bennett . a labour source said : ‘ if the girls gang up on him then ed will be toast . ‘ he doesn’t know how to handle that sort of thing . ’ a tory party source said : ‘ miliband is heading towards a giant elephant trap . ’