jamie robbins ( above ) handed himself into the police a year after he stole £1,600 from a convenience store in birmingham with an accomplice because he preferred life in jail . a robber handed himself into police a year after he raided a convenience store saying he preferred life in jail . jamie robbins stole £1,600 from the select ' n ' save shop in kings norton , birmingham , with an accomplice on january 13 , 2014 . the case was not solved until the 35-year-old walked into a police station earlier this year and said : ' please arrest me . ' robbins was jailed for four-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to robbery and possession of a bladed article at birmingham crown court on thursday . ayoub khan , defending , said robbins had felt he could not cope outside of prison and wanted to go back behind bars . but mr khan added that the day before his court appearance robbins discovered his girlfriend was pregnant - and no longer wanted to be given a custodial sentence . ' there has been an enormous change in direction of his life . he now has purpose in his life , ' he said . judge murray creed , sentencing , described the events as ' unusual ' as the inquiry had stopped . he said : ' but for your surrender it does not look as though matters would have recommenced . this was a group attack , planned , and there was a weapon and disguises . ' robbins , of no fixed address , gave detectives full details of the robbery . he explained how he and another masked man had waited outside the store until a woman and her small child had finished their shopping . robbins then burst into the shop with a machete and his accomplice , and demanded the shopkeeper hand over the safe . judge murray creed , sentencing , described the events as ' unusual ' at the hearing at birmingham crown court ( above ) . he threatened the owner with the knife and the pair escaped with £1,600 , which they split between them . robbins even told police the getaway driver did not get his cut because he had not waited in the car as had been agreed . christopher lester , prosecuting , said : ' the day before the incident , robbins was called and asked if he wanted to be in a robbery . ' the next day he met two other men and the defendant took the weapon . ' mr lee added that the original police investigation had not been successful and robbins was only convicted because of the evidence he gave in interview .