a 1-year-old girl was shot in the head and left clinging to life as she sat in a car with her parents in what suburban seattle police initially described as an apparent case of road rage . the baby was in ' very critical condition ' friday , a day after the shooting , said susan gregg , a spokeswoman for harborview medical center in seattle . baby malaja was in a car seat in the back of a silver chevrolet impala and her parents were in the front seat when a black car pulled alongside around at 4.30pm thursday , kent police spokeswoman melanie robinson said . scroll down for video . innocent victim : one-year-old malaja ( left and right ) was shot in the head as she sat in a car with her parents in suburban seattle thursday afternoon . she remains in critical condition . target : police say a black car pulled alongside this silver chevrolet impala carrying malaja and the driver and passenger opened fire , striking the 1-year-old in the head . on the road : the shooting took place at an intersection near an apartment complex in kent , washington . robinson said the driver and passenger of the black car opened fire , then drove off , but police did not give details on the possible conflict between the people in both vehicles . the shooting took place at an intersection near the lake fenwick estates apartment complex in kent . detectives in kent initially suggested road rage as a motive , but cmdr . jarod kasner told the seattle times friday that police no longer think that 's the case after further investigation . police did n't provide further details on what they believe led to the shooting . police said the shooting was preceded by some sort of an exchange between the occupants of the black sedan and the silver chevy . linda johnston , who lives nearby , ran outside after she heard gunshots . ' i was sitting in my bedroom here and heard the shots . `` bam , bam , bam , bam , bam , '' ' she told seattle television station komo . ' the baby was on the ground , and other people were doing cpr on the baby , and the mother was in hysterics and the dad was in hysterics , too . ' heart-wrenching : malaja 's relatives , including her aunt ( right ) , were heard sobbing and screaming , including one enraged woman ( left ) who cried out : ' i want revenge ! ' poignant message : the girl 's uncle , edmond mcneil ( pictured ) , called for end of violence in seattle . on thursday evening , malaja 's heartbroken family said the toddler was brain dead . the girl 's uncle , edmond mcneil , came up to a kiro7 reporter outside the hospital and delivered a powerful message on crime in the city . ' we need to stop the seattle violence , ' he said into the camera , appearing shell-shocked . ' we 're trying to be living for our kids . everybody needs to live for your kids ... you ai n't no gangster because you want to carry a gun . that 's stupid . ' malaja 's relatives were heard sobbing and screaming , including one enraged woman who cried out : ' i want revenge ! '