fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna , researchers have discovered . dating back hundreds of thousands of years , the instinct to avoid arachnids developed as an evolutionary response to a dangerous threat , the academics suggest . it could mean that arachnophobia , one of the most crippling of phobias , represents a finely tuned survival instinct . and it could date back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with very strong venom have existed millions of years ago . scroll down for video . researchers say a fear of spiders is a survival trait written into our dna and dates back thousands of years , stock photo . study leader joshua new , of columbia university in new york , said : ‘ a number of spider species with potent , vertebratespecific venoms populated africa long before hominoids and have co-existed there for tens of millions of years . ‘ humans were at perennial , unpredictable and significant risk of encountering highly venomous spiders in their ancestral environments . ‘ even when not fatal , a black widow spider bite in the ancestral world could leave one incapacitated for days or even weeks , terribly exposed to dangers , ’ he told the sunday times . the research team carried out an experiment in which 252 volunteers were asked to study computer screens containing abstract shapes and data . their reactions to images of spiders were very fast , even if their shape was distorted , when compared to much more clear images of other objects known induce disgust or fear , such as needles and flies . the researchers point out that spiders are often small dark creatures that tend to hide in recesses and are hard to spot . dr new said : ‘ detection , therefore , is the critical arbiter of success in such encounters — any improvements to the sensitivity , vigilance , reliability and speed of faculties for their detection would have been of significant selective advantage . ’ the instinct could date back to early human evolution in africa , where spiders with very strong venom existed millions of years ago . pictured : a venomous phormictopus antillensis spider . 