a large protest opposing the closure of remote indigenous communities in wa has shut down streets in central melbourne . several thousand people gathered outside the city 's main railway station flinders street at 4pm on friday . ' enough is enough - where is the justice for aboriginal people ? ' a speaker shouted to the crowd before the walk through cbd streets , flanked by police . this comes as the queensland police service refuses to issue an apology to an indigenous officer after claims the word ' abor ' was written on his station roster by a senior sergeant , the abc reports . protesters march through the streets of melbourne on friday afternoon against government plans to close down remote indigenous communities in western australia . several thousand people gathered outside the city 's main railway station flinders street at 4pm on friday . protesters take part in a traditional smoking ceremony in melbourne during the rally . indigenous leaders have also been highly critical of the state government 's plans , which could involve the forced removal of more than 1000 people . the rally forced the closure of flinders and elizabeth streets , where surrounding streets soon became clogged with cars and trams forced to stop . rally goers gathered again outside flinders street station , blocking the intersection , just on 5pm . police , on foot and on riot horses , followed the marchers all the way . jason maxwell , 31 of south east dandenong ranges , was among the protesters . ' i disagree , strongly disagree , in selling out on the aboriginal communities just for money , ' mr maxwell told aap . rally goers gathered again outside flinders street station , blocking the intersection , just on 5pm . one protester walks around with a flag saying ' no room for racism ' during the protest . the rally forced the closure of flinders and elizabeth streets , where surrounding streets soon became clogged with cars and trams forced to stop . he said the wa and federal governments should recognise the importance of the link between indigenous people and their lands , and it was wrong to describe this as a lifestyle choice . ' it is the worst thing that a modern government could ever say , ' mr maxwell said . ' it 's a political tool to separate us , and i think it is wrong . ' the protesters did not enjoy universal support , with a heckler heard to shout ' move over to wa ' . hugh jackman spoke up against the west australian government 's effort to shut down as many as half of the state 's 270 remote communities . just last month , hollywood star hugh jackman spoke up against the west australian government 's effort to shut down as many as half of the state 's 270 remote communities . in a message posted on social media , jackman said : ' while living in a remote community i came to understand the ' connection ' to land is a fundamental part of indigenous identity , think about the past , have quality conversations . i support you ' . indigenous leaders have also been highly critical of the state government 's plans , which could involve the forced removal of more than 1000 people . following this is an abc report of a senior sergeant referring to an indigenous officer as ' abor ' on a station roster and also writing ' gay ' next to the name of another at coolangatta police station . the two queensland officers reportedly sought an apology as they lodged complaints regarding the senior sergeant to the anti-discrimination commission . however the abc believes both the police service and senior officer have refused to make the apology , as the two incidences had been taken ' out of context ' . the senior sergeant further refuted the claims and also blamed officers for taking notes from his desk . the matters are currently before the queensland civil and administrative tribunal . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .