some people like to run with a dog as a companion , while others use a ‘smart’ accessory to keep track of the progress they’ve made . but now a team of researchers has devised a new jogging buddy - a drone that flies with you to keep you company . and they claim robotic companions could be used for a variety of other physical activities such as cycling , cross-country skiing and rowing . scroll down for video . australian researchers have tested their drone running companion . called joggobot ( shown ) it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run . the technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner . and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing . the research , by the royal melbourne institute of technology in australia , reported popular science , was presented at the computer-human interaction conference in seoul . in their paper , the researchers explained how they asked 13 joggers to run for an average of 26 minutes with a drone - specifically a quadcopter - as a companion . the goal was to see if a drone could motivate a runner to keep their pace up , and provide a companion that helped them stay fit . in this experiment , the quadcopters were programmed to follow a set path and speed , which the joggers also followed . the drone was designed to fly 13ft ( four metres ) in front of the jogger at a height of 10ft ( three metres ) . each participant was fitted with a go pro camera and , after finishing their run of between 15 and 40 minutes , gave their thoughts on having a robot companion . most said that they found it was a good ‘ pace keeper’ , especially on straight sections of their run . technology has been developed where a drone could lock onto a pattern on a runner’s shirt in order to track their speed and direction , although this has n't been implemented yet . however , the researchers said their’s was ‘ the first system that has been successfully deployed in an outdoor setting . ’ ‘ it forces you to go a certain pace , pushes you a bit further , ’ said one runner . ‘ if i was running by myself , i think my pace would vary a bit more , this is a more set pace . ' ultimately , it seemed that the runners felt a sense of ‘ peer pressure’ similar to how one might feel if they were running with a human companion . in this experiment , the quadcopters were programmed to follow a set path , which the joggers also followed . however , technology has been developed where a drone could lock onto a pattern on a runner’s shirt in order to track their speed and direction ( shown ) . there were some concerns from the runners , though ; occasionally the quadcopter would deviate from its path , leading them to question their safety . and it also wobbled in the wind , which one runner likened to it having a personality of its own . one also noted that they ‘ felt a bit awkward with a camera on my head and jogging with a robot . ’ but they added : ‘i’m jogging with a robot , and people think it’s rad . ’ the researchers think their study could help design flying robots that support joggers , and it could even be used for other sports as well such as cycling , cross-country skiing , rowing or even fun runs . some runners may have dogs as jogging companions now , but will be using robots in the future ? the team hope their research could inspire new ways to perform such activities . in a cycling scenario , the researchers say the drone could create a draft , ‘ providing a psychological and maybe even physical boost . ’ other drones could display encouraging messages to keep motivation high . ‘ overall , our work aims to inspire other designers to utilise robotic systems to support exertion activities , ’ the researchers concluded . there 's no news yet on when - or if - this technology will be available to the public , though .