the possession police are out in force , and jose mourinho is the premier league’s most wanted . the football purists are foaming at the mouth – how can this portuguese pretender dare to win games without wanting the football ? is this the most negative side to ever win the title ? is this the most terrible team to lift the champions’ crown ? woah there , just hang on a moment . jose mourinho has come under fire for chelsea 's lack of possession during their 1-0 win over man united . mourinho and his staff and players celebrate the crucial win over united on saturday at stamford bridge . i’m no fan of the kind of football chelsea played on saturday to beat manchester united . but at the end of the season , they are getting the job done , it’s as simple as that . and who can blame mourinho for being so cautious ? last season they were seven points clear at the top of the table but fell away after losing at aston villa and crystal palace – both in the bottom half of the table at the time , and were beaten at home by sunderland , who were six points adrift in 20th place . and then needing a win to go top of the premier league with just two games to go , mourinho watched his side draw 0-0 at home to norwich , who were about to be relegated . the title that had been in their grasp , was lost . chelsea’s most impressive result during that run-in was a 2-0 win at liverpool , a game made famous by steven gerrard’s slip . it ended liverpool’s 16-match unbeaten run and checked their charge to the title . that day chelsea let liverpool have 73 per cent possession over the 90 minutes . chelsea found a way to win without the ball . and mourinho did the same on saturday to an in-form manchester united , who had 70 per cent possession at stamford bridge . it’s not my kind of football – i like to see what talented professional players can do with the ball . and so does louis van gaal . manchester united boss louis van gaal was left frustrated after his side were defeated 1-0 by chelsea . steven gerrard slips against chelsea at anfield last season - a game chelsea won with only 17 % possession . ba scores as chelsea go on to win at anfield and effectively end liverpool 's title push last season . the dutch master might just wonder to himself if things could have been different if he had certain individuals fit . all clubs have injuries , but for that massive game on saturday , united needed key players in the team . it would have been fascinating to see if van gaal’s possession philosophy would have won the day , over the jose way . chelsea won the game , and they did it in typical mourinho fashion – by not wanting possession of the football . jose has learned a lot from his mistakes of last season . i understand his pragmatism given that chelsea are so close to sealing the title . but he fell into this negativity way too early in the season , and it led to their abject failure in europe . mourinho needs to be more expansive in the champions league next season – that’s for sure . andre schurrle’s goal against burnley after a sublime pass from cesc fabregas was a highlight of the season . but don’t judge this chelsea side on the premier league run-in alone : they may not have been consistently sparkling with their style , but they have had some wonderful moments this season . on day one of the season cesc fabregas’ sublime disguised pass for andre schurrle’s goal at burnley had us all out of our seats . it wasn’t his only example of genius since august . when fit , diego costa’s strength , movement and finishing have been a joy to watch . and then there’s eden hazard . the player mesut ozil , angel di maria , samir nasri and raheem sterling and others all dream of being . yes some of those others have medals , but they haven’t shown the same amazing ability as the chelsea number 10 . his balance , his control , his passing and finishing have all been superb all season . chelsea forward eden hazard ( left ) dribbles with the ball ahead of manchester untied 's wayne rooney ( right ) . oscar ( second left ) scores against swansea as chelsea run riot at the liberty stadium in january . and during this period when jose mourinho is being over-cautious , making sure they secure the title they let slip last season , hazard has lifted the team from a blue sea of negative mediocrity , to one capable of star quality . and back in january , chelsea gave arguably the best footballing display of the season in the premier league when they went to swansea and won 5-0 . the one-touch football was special , and the way the three behind costa drifted around was reminiscent of the total football played by sides born out of rinus michels’ ajax and holland sides of the 1970s . chelsea were 4-0 in front at the break , by which time willian had also hit the bar twice . jose’s side completely outplayed and outpassed one of the better footballing sides in the division . so don’t be too harsh on chelsea , on their way to the title it’s hell to watch them right now . but mourinho’s men have taken us to heaven enough times this season to keep the critics off their backs . 