joey barton has urged qpr to use their win over west brom as a springboard for survival . rangers won 4-1 at the 10-man baggies on saturday to end a losing run of five matches and clinch just their second away victory of the season . chris ramsey 's side are still in the barclays premier league drop zone but are just three points behind fellow strugglers aston villa , who they travel to on tuesday , with a better goal difference . queens park rangers midfielder joey barton believes his side have a ' hell of a chance ' of staying up . barton , who scored at the hawthorns , captained his side to a 4-1 away win against west brom . qpr are just a point behind 17th-placed sunderland . and barton , who scored rangers ' fourth , is eyeing a late run which can take them to safety . ' we took our chances and hopefully it 's a springboard for us to put a run together and make it difficult for the teams in and around the relegation zone , ' he told the club 's official website . ' there 's a great amount of spirit in the group , a lot of people have written us off and we have an awful lot of work to do but performances like that give us a hell of a chance . ' we have been putting great performances in but we have n't got the rub of the green you need . ' bobby zamora ( left ) scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom . eduardo vargas ( left ) wheels away to celebrate firing qpr into the lead against west brom . eduardo vargas , charlie austin and bobby zamora scored to put rangers 3-0 up at the break with zamora netting a fabulous lob just before half time . zamora told the club 's official site : ' i 'm delighted to get on the scoresheet but it was a great performance from us . villa have lost and leicester have won so it 's tight down there and we have to keep doing our job . it 's a big game on tuesday . ' albion are eight points clear of rangers but suffered their heaviest defeat under tony pulis , despite victor anichebe 's second-half header , and also had youssouf mulumbu sent off . pulis added : ' we should have dealt better with their first goal . the second goal was from a set play . zamora scored a great third goal and the fourth goal should n't have stood because charlie austin tripped gareth mcauley . that was a poor decision by the referee . '