a zoo is facing criticism from animal rights activists after an asian elephant died - 25 years after he sustained a leg injury while in captivity there . rama the elephant , who completed paintings with his trunk , died monday , oregon zoo officials announced on facebook . he was 31 . ' rama had experienced a sharp decline in mobility in recent weeks , an issue stemming from a 25-year-old injury to his left front leg , ' the zoo said in the post . scroll down for videos . missed : rama the elephant was euthanized this week at the age of 31 by oregon zoo officials . his leg was injured after female elephants shoved him into a moat in 1990 . skill : rama used his trunk to create paintings , which reportedly earned over $ 100,000 in sales . it continued ' the treatments that had been successful for many years were no longer easing his discomfort , and so — with sadness and compassion — our animal-care staff decided the most humane course of action was to euthanize him . ' the elephant 's 32nd birthday would have taken place on wednesday . studies vary on how long asian elephants live in captivity . a 2008 study which looked at asian elephants in european zoos says they have a median life expectancy of 19 years . a 2004 study indicated a 36-year median for asian elephants in north america . zoo veterinarian jim storms said in a release on the oregon zoo 's website that rama 's 2013 tuberculosis diagnosis did not play a role . deputy director chris pfefferkorn said in the release the leg injury took place in 1990 as rama was sexually maturing . he said in what is considered normal activity for the animals , older female elephants shoved rama out of the herd and into a moat . courtney scott , a leader of the protest group free the oregon zoo elephant , told koin ' he should n't have been put in a herd with adult females when he was young . i think that is a grave error on the part of the zoo and just shows what happens when elephants live in zoos . ' artwork : one of rama 's paintings - made by using his trunk - is seen here . friendship : rama ( left ) is seen with female elephant chendra . memories : rama is seen in this 1991 photograph , one year after his leg was injured . ' well , rama sustained the injury before any of the folks that work here were here , ' the zoo 's elephant curator bob lee countered in an interview with koin . he went on ' they made the best decision they could at the time . they were trying to give rama the opportunity to stay in that herd situation . ' scott also told the television station that oregon zoo does n't have enough room to hold the elephants . zoo staff , however , told koin construction on a larger elephant enclosure is underway . lee told the television station ' rama was a really special elephant . he had strong bonds with the folks that worked with him , to the community . ' we had a lot of people that would come out every sunday and watch him paint . we had a lot of people that grew up with him . ' zoo officials said rama 's paintings have been showcased by the mark woolley gallery . one woman , calley o'neill , painted with the elephant for five summers , kptv reported . according to the television station , rama 's solo paintings have made over $ 100,000 . rama 's work with o'neill can be seen at the website forthe rama exhibition . o'neill told kptv ' there 's no elephant on earth that has ever done or ever will do such magnificent abstracts . ' debate : elephant activist courtney scott ( left ) has claimed oregon zoo officials should not have placed rama with female elephants at a young age . elephant curator bob lee ( right ) has said zoo officials ' made the best decision they could at the time ' . 