stretching out his arms and looking beseechingly upwards , this is the moment that 16-month-old noah ginesi from penrith in cumbria reached out for a hug with prince charles . the heart-warming moment occurred during a visit to the rheged centre in cumbria , where the prince of wales was meeting farmers and charity staff . charles , who is grandfather to 20-month-old prince george and has another grandchild on the way , looked delighted and bent down to talk to the little boy who was held by his mother , genevieve . scroll down for video . adorable : one-year-old noah ginesi , from penrith in cumbria , reaches up for a hug with prince charles . the prince was making his first stop on a day-long tour of cumbria , with rural communities and businesses topping his agenda . clearly on good form , charles was visiting the rheged centre to inspect a photo exhibition entitled herdwick : a portrait of a lakeland . the work of photographer ian lawson , many of the photos feature herdwick sheep , a breed native to cumbria and whose name comes from the old norse herdvyck - sheep pasture . charles ' visit came as part of his work for the campaign for wool and the prince 's countryside fund . the former is one of the prince 's environmental initiatives and promotes the use of british wool in everything from clothing to furniture . much obliged : charles bent down to coo over the infant but did n't pick him up . jovial : the prince of wales was on cheerful form and chatted happily with locals . warm welcome : prince charles , who was wearing a tailored tweed coat , got a warm welcome from locals . it also stages an annual wool week which gives a platform to textile producers and farmers , and is enthusiastically endorsed by charles . the prince 's eco credentials have come under scrutiny of late , with the subject believed to be one of those broached in his infamous ' spider letters ' . charles has also been criticised for his use of helicopters , after it emerged on monday that he had used a chopper for an 80 mile round-trip to ascot racecourse from highgrove on sunday . getting to that event , the prince’s countryside fund raceday which included a ' lamb national ' race , used up 200 gallons of fuel and came hot on the heels of a video recorded for earth day in which he implored viewers to use less fuel . today , however , saw him return to travelling by car , with charles whizzing through an official day of visits and meetings with the cumbrian farming community . his second stop , which was also in conjunction with the prince 's countryside fund , saw him meet members of the westmorland county agricultural society , one of the oldest in the country , and locals working for other country charities . looking around : charles was given a tour of the exhibition by photographer ian lawson ( right ) . conservation : the photo exhibition focused on a traditional breed of sheep native to cumbria . native : the herdwick sheep has lived in cumbria for more than 1,000 years . passion : the prince of wales was there as part of his work for the campaign for wool . among them was the dry stone walling association , which safeguards the uk 's network of historic dry stone walls , and broadband for the rural north . fast internet connection remains a real problem in many rural spots , including those close to london such as parts of bedfordshire , but is particularly acute in more remote areas . charles is known to be particularly sympathetic to the cause of high speed rural broadband , in particular because of the limit on job creation that slow internet speeds and dial up connections create . the prince 's final stop was at furniture makers peter hall & son where he was introduced to some of the prince 's trust apprentices who work there . beautiful : along with herdwick sheep , lawson 's work also features the spectacular cumbria landscape . rural life : charles , who lives in the country himself , has long championed the uk 's rural communities . all smiles : prince charles poses with a group from cumbria 's young farmers .