jailed bigamist andrew o'clee , 36 , may have been on the prowl for wife number three after a dating profile matching his description was discovered , pictured outside chichester crown court . a bigamist caught out when his wife discovered on facebook that he had secretly married his mistress may have been searching the internet for wife number three , it emerged yesterday . a web profile apparently matching that of ‘ shameless liar’ andrew o’clee , 36 , has been spotted on a dating site , where he claimed to be ‘ looking for a relationship’ . o’clee led a double life , duping his first wife , michelle , 39 , into believing he needed to spend periods away from the family home in a ‘ safe house’ because he was involved in a serious fraud trial . in reality , the former soldier was living a double life , romancing finance manager philippa campbell , 30 , who he eventually married in a lavish wedding . his first wife uncovered his deception when she came across a facebook video of the pair completing the ice bucket challenge – where people are filmed being drenched in cold water for charity . the post led her to photos of his second wedding , which she then reported to police . michelle , who has been friends with singer myleene klass since the pair appeared in a production of miss saigon together in 1999 , is currently seeking a divorce from o’clee . she refused to comment yesterday , but friends said she felt ‘ well and truly betrayed’ by her husband . and yesterday it emerged that the cheat may even have been looking for more women to romance after a dating profile for an ‘andrewoclee’ was uncovered on the plenty of fish website . although it is unclear when the profile – which no longer includes a picture – was created , it matches his age and lists the user as living in london , where o’clee and michelle rented a flat . the profile , which no longer has a picture , describes a blue-eyed ' adventurer ' who is ' looking for a relationship ' . o'clee ( middle ) was jailed for eight months after his first wife michelle ( pictured left ) exposed him as a cheat who was also married to philippa campbell ( right ) . mysteriously the profile , which also matches o’clee’s 6ft 3in height and describes a blue-eyed ‘adventurer’ who is ‘ looking for a relationship’ , claims he has never had a relationship that lasted longer than a year . o’clee , of chiddingfold , surrey , was jailed for eight months after admitting bigamy on tuesday . a judge , sitting at chichester crown court , told business services provider o’clee that he had created an ‘ absurd lie’ which had been ‘ a selfish act’ . michelle , who married o’clee in 2008 , told the court she felt ‘stupid’ and ‘naive’ but had not doubted her husband . she even failed to worry when he turned up five hours late for the birth of their daughter , amelia . by then he was already dating miss campbell , who he married in august 2013 at st john the baptist church in kirdford , west sussex , near their detached £575,000 home . she has vowed to stay with him . he started the affair with philippa ( pictured together ) after claiming his first marriage had ended after he caught shopworker michelle being unfaithful .