this is the embarrassing moment a buckingham palace guard slipped and fell on a manhole cover in front of hundreds of shocked tourists as he took up position in his sentry box . the queen 's guard was left red-faced after he slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard - and unfortunately for him the entire incident was caught on camera . he lost his footing and slid sideways , knocking his bearskin on the side of the box and dropping his rifle . the queen 's guard ( pictured ) slipped on a manhole cover during the popular changing of the guard at buckingham palace last week . unfortunately for him , the entire incident was caught on a tourist 's camera . the embarrassed soldier quickly scrambled to his feet as his colleagues marched past as if nothing had happened . but the young guard started to blush as he peered at the crowd from under his bearskin and realised how many people had seen his slapstick moment . holidaymaker david meadwell recorded the unscheduled manouevre outside buckingham palace on thursday afternoon . mr meadwell , 50 , from newcastle-upon-tyne , said : ' i was with my family for a trip to london and i thought i 'd take some pictures of the changing of the guards . tourist david meadwell shot this footage of the changing of the guard last week when the incident unfolded . the moment it all started to go wrong : the guard leans heavily to the side as he appears to slip . the unidentified young guard 's legs appear to get a bit tangled as he tries to turn to march away . the guard , wearing full regalia , falls heavily to the floor still clutching his rifle following the slip up . ' the first group changed successfully , without any problems , and so i decided to video the next group doing it . ' i did n't expect anything like this to happen - he went flying . there were quite a few people around and there were a lot of gasps as he went down . ' i think he just slipped on a manhole cover , he looked so embarrassed . ' the unnamed solider is thought to have slipped because of the metal protectors nailed to the soles of his boots . tourists gather in their thousands to watch the changing of the guard outside buckingham palace at 11.30am every day in the summer and every other day in the winter . the guard comprises two detachments , one each for buckingham palace and st james 's palace , under the command of the captain of the queen 's guard . contrary to popular belief they are not purely ceremonial and are fully operational soldiers . the ministry of defence said they would not comment on ' a young man falling over while doing his job ' . the embarrassed guard hastily scrambled to his feet following the unfortunate tumble at the palace . the incident took place in front of hundreds of tourists who were watching the changing of the guard .