the second in command at the sheriff 's department where reserve deputy accidentally killed a man because he fired his gun instead of a taser has resigned . undersheriff tim albin , of the tulsa county sheriff 's office in oklahoma , quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer robert bates , 73 . bates , who was a volunteer deputy , shot dead eric harris , 44 , after he was tackled to the ground . video of the killing shows bates exclaiming that he opened fired by accident , and apologizing . resignation : undersheriff tim albin ( pictured ) , of the tulsa county sheriff 's office in oklahoma , quit his job monday after new revelations about how the department treated elderly killer , reserve deputy robert bates . in the tide of scrutiny which followed the incident , it emerged that other deputies in the department had expressed concern about his fitness to serve , but were told to hold their tongues . bates , a millionaire insurance broker , had made substantial donations to the department in previous years . he has been charged with manslaughter - but a judge allowed him to take a month-long holiday to the bahamas before his day in court . sheriff stanley glanz did n't specify why undersheriff tim albin stepped down , but said departmental reorganization was necessary following the april 2 shooting . charged : bates , 73 , ( left ) accidentally grabbed his pistol and killed eric harris ( right , in a previous mug shot ) in what he said was an accident . ' given the gravity of the current situation and the need to go a different direction with our leadership and management he agrees with me that it is time for a change , ' glanz wrote in a news release . albin , who has been in his position for 26 years , has yet to comment on his departure , which will take effect and the end of this week . albin was named in a 2009 internal investigation released friday that showed deputies had expressed concerns about bates ' performance . some claimed albin gave bates preferential treatment and intimidated those who raised concerns . the former head of the reserve deputy program , sergeant randy chapman , told the investigator that albin chastised him after he questioned bates ' performance . confusion : an image shows a taser and a handgun similar to the weapons bates was carrying . he mistakenly thought he was holding a taser , not his handgun , when he fatally shot eric harris . ' you need to stop messing with ( bates ) because he does a lot of good for the county , ' chapman is quoted in the memo saying albin told him that . chapman declined to talk about the memo when contacted last week by the associated press and also declined monday after albin 's resignation . ' i 've been told to stay out of it , ' he said . according to the report , chapman complained to albin on one occasion that bates was driving a personal car with police equipment prior to having the requisite training , albin told him : ' this is a s -- - sandwich and you will just have to eat it but not acquire a taste for it . ' a little more than five years later , 44-year-old eric harris was shot while on the ground in custody after running from deputies following a sting operation . the 73-year-old bates has pleaded not guilty to a charge of second-degree manslaughter . bates is white and harris was black , but the victim 's brother has said he does n't believe the shooting was racially motivated . attorneys for harris ' family have repeatedly called on glanz and albin to resign .