patents have already hinted that apple is looking to boost the cameras in future models of the iphone and ipad , but its latest acquisition confirms it . the tech giant has bought israel-based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $ 20 million ( £13.5 million ) . linx makes 'multi-aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology - as seen on htc one 's m8 duo-camera . scroll down for videos . apple has bought israel-based link computational imaging in a deal reportedly worth $ 20 million ( £13.5 million ) . linx makes 'multi-aperture ' cameras small enough to fit into smartphones and tablets that come with depth-sensing technology . this technology could be added to the next-generation iphones and ipads . rather than capturing a flat 2d image , the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph . this lets people refocus an image after its been captured , or measure the dimensions of a room , for example . ' utilising state-of-the-art multi aperture imaging technology that combines innovative image processing [ with ] advanced sensor and optics technology , our cameras set new standards for image quality parameters such as low light performance , refocusing and more , ' said the firm . rather than capturing a flat 2d image , the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph . this lets people refocus an image after its been captured or measure the dimensions of a room , for example . htc one m8 's version combines an ultrapixel and a duo camera . the first sensor captures the image , while the the second captures depth information . once a photo is taken there are four editing options called ufocus , foregrounder , seasons and dimension plus . these use depth information in different ways to make photos look more professional . meanwhile , computers with intel 's realsense 3d camera can recognise and respond to facial expressions and hand gestures so users can interact with them more naturally . it is already fitted to a range of laptops including the asus n551jq and asus x751ld , and last week intel 's boss brian krzanich unveiled a version designed for smartphones and tablets . ' linx cameras are significantly smaller than any camera on the market today , leading the way to dslr performance in slim handsets . ' htc one m8 's version of the technology combines an ultrapixel sensor with a duo camera . the first sensor captures the image , while the the second captures depth information . once a photo is taken there are four editing options called ufocus , foregrounder , seasons and dimension plus . these use depth information in different ways to make photos look more professional . for example , ufocus lets users switch the focal point of an the shot , even if they appear blurry in the original picture . foregrounder and seasons lets users add effects such as a zoom , blur , snow and rain to an image . while dimension plus uses data from both cameras to let people change the perspective of the photo by tilting the phone . microsoft 's kinect uses similar technology , as does intel 's realsense 3d camera . computers with intel 's realsense 3d camera can recognise and respond to facial expressions and hand gestures so users can interact with them more naturally . it is already fitted to a range of laptops including the asus n551jq and asus x751ld , and last week intel 's boss brian krzanich unveiled a version designed for smartphones and tablets . apple has confirmed the acquisition but not revealed any more details . its latest marketing campaign has been designed to showcase just how good the cameras are on its iphone 6 range . rather than capturing a flat 2d image , the technology is able to sense the depth of each object in a photograph . this lets people refocus an image after its been captured or measure the dimensions of a room , for example . similar technolgoy is seen on the htc one m8 ( pictured ) in the form of its duo camera . linx 's website said its state-of-the-art multi aperture imaging technology combines image processing with advanced sensor and optics technology . sensors are pictured . ' our cameras set new standards for image quality parameters such as low light performance , hdr , refocusing , and more , ' said the firm . and if a patent awarded earlier this month is anything to go by , the camera on the iphone 7 could take even better photos . the papers , originally filed in 2011 , detail a three-sensor camera that splits light to boost the number of pixels it can manage . the patent is called ' digital camera with light splitter ' and explains : ' a digital camera component is described that has a light splitter cube having an entrance face to receive incident light from a camera scene . ' the cube splits the incident light into first , second , and third colour components that emerge from the cube through a first face , a second face , and a third face of the cube , respectively . computers with intel 's realsense 3d camera can recognise and respond to facial expressions and hand gestures . the technology is already fitted to a range of laptops and last week intel 's boss brian krzanich unveiled a version designed for smartphones and tablets ( refocusing examples pictured ) . ' first , second , and third image sensors are provided , each being positioned to receive a respective one of the colour components that emerge from the faces . ' put more simply , instead of using a standard single sensor to collect the data of an image , the proposed system uses mirrors to split the incoming light in three , namely green , red and blue . these beams of light are then projected onto three sensors . a patent filed by apple in 2011 and awarded earlier this month details a three-sensor camera ( illustrated ) that uses mirrors to split incoming light in three - namely green , red and blue . these beams of light are then projected onto three sensors . each sensor can then collect and use more pixels per photo compared to a single sensor . this would ultimately boost the quality of the images including how vivid the colours appear and how sharp the image is . the patent is called ' digital camera with light splitter ' and explains : ' a digital camera component is described that has a light splitter cube having an entrance face to receive incident light from a camera scene . ' the cube splits the incident light into first , second , and third colour components that emerge from the cube through a first face , a second face , and a third face of the cube , respectively . ' put more simply , instead of using a standard single sensor to collect the data of an image , the proposed system uses mirrors to split the incoming light in three - green , red and blue . these beams of light are then projected onto three sensors . each sensor can then collect and use more pixels per photo compared to a single sensor . this would ultimately boost the quality of the photos including how vivid the colours appear and how sharp the image is . each sensor can then collect and use more pixels per photo compared to a single sensor . this would ultimately boost the quality of the photos including how vivid the colours appear and how sharp the image is . it includes the kind of sensors and technology seen on professional cameras . the files also explained that these mirrors could stabilise the image and direct the light in a way that accounts for shaking hands , for example . in its iphone 6 and 6 plus , apple added a new sensor with so-called focus pixels to its 8mp isight camera . it also improved its facial detection and exposure control . focus pixels use a bespoke image signal processor to collect more information about an image , including lighting , to provide faster autofocus . to showcase how good this technology apple has launched a marketing campaign that only uses images shot on its latest handsets . each photograph is accompanied by a caption on the online gallery , which says where it was taken , whether an app was used to improve the shot and a tip about why it is a good photo , which amateurs could use to boost their photographic prowess . for example , an image of a man in a field of sunflowers says : ' photographing a subject from behind can add wit to a photo . here , the subject and the flowers are both facing away from the camera . ' similarly , photographer dan rubin recently produced a range of photos for fashion brand vida , each shot on the iphone . to showcase how good this technology is , apple has launched a marketing campaign that only uses images shot on its latest handsets . each photograph ( examples pictured ) is accompanied by a caption on the online gallery , which says where it was taken and whether an app was used to improve the shot . photographer dan rubin recently produced a range for vida ( pictured ) , each shot on the iphone .