a restaurant manager feared huge debts after forking out £2,000 on a bizarre addiction which meant he had to wear new underpants every day . curt almond , 26 , from bristol , spent at least £40 a week buying new calvin klein boxers so that he could slip into a new ' crisp pair ' every day of the week . but after wiping out most of his savings , mr almond realised that it was ' bankruptcy or boxers ' - and that he needed to wean himself off his addiction . scroll down for video . addicted : nando 's manager curt almond almost landed himself in debt after forking out £2,000 on a bizarre addiction which meant he had to wear new underpants every day . obsession : the 26-year-old , from bristol ( pictured left and right ) spent at least £40 a week buying new calvin klein boxers so that he could slip into a brand new ' crisp pair ' every day of the week . he has now reverted back to the normal routine of wearing and washing his boxers several times over - and has saved himself thousands in the process . he said : ' when i first started wearing new boxers every day , i loved it . i treated myself to really nice calvin klein ones . it always felt great to slip into a crisp pair . ' it got to the point where i did n't feel comfortable unless i was wearing a new pair . ' but , eventually , my money started to run out and i had to buy budget ones instead . finally , when a huge bill came in one day , i looked at finances and realised that i was spending all my savings on underpants . so i managed to wean myself off the compulsion . ' during his year-long addiction , mr almond bought 365 pairs of new boxers - which were then thrown into the bin after just one wear . he said his bizarre habit began after the breakdown of a relationship . ' crisp pair ' : during his year-long addiction , mr almond bought some 365 pairs of new boxers - and threw most pairs into the bin after just one wear . whenever they stayed over , they would wear the same underwear for several days running , which he thought was ' disgusting ' . so , in a bid to get over his former partner , mr almond started wearing a fresh pair every day . he also moved back in with his mother , meaning he had extra money to spend on his obsession . he said : ' i did all my own washing and that meant that my mum never found out about my addiction to clean boxers . ' luckily she never looked through my bin - it was full of boxers that i had only worn for one day at a time and then just thrown away . ' the way i saw it was that people spend so much money on cigarettes and alcohol . for me , this was just how i chose to spend my money . ' mr almond eventually began feeling the squeeze when his mother increased his rent by £100 . but , as his budget grew tighter , he simply reverted to budget boxers instead . ' at christmas , when the shops changed their stock , i had no choice but to buy loads of boxers that had ' jingle balls ' printed on them , ' he said . but mr almond was again forced to rethink his lifestyle when he received a hefty insurance bill through the post . he said : ' all of my savings had to go on paying my insurance . i tried to pick up odd jobs to fund my love for new boxers but it still was n't enough to keep afloat . i knew i had to stop . ' after forking out for that big payment , i went upstairs and noticed that i only had three new pairs of boxers left . i panicked and started asking myself if my addiction to new boxers was weird . ' for the first time in a year , i mustered up the courage to put a pair of boxers in the wash . it felt really strange . ' eventually , i started to rationalise it by telling myself that it was only me that had worn these boxers and i 'm a hygienic person so they must be fine . ' it was only once mr almond overcame his boxer addiction that he felt comfortable chatting about it with his friends . ' i was watching a tv show about people with weird habits and i remember telling my friend about my addiction to fresh boxers , ' he said . ' she said that i was absolutely crazy and could n't understand why on earth i spent so much money on underwear . '