trevor noah does n't take over as daily show host until later this year , but he 's already ingratiating himself with american comedy royalty . the south african , whose announcement as jon stewart 's replacement surprized many last month , was spotted taking in a baseball game in new york on monday along with jerry seinfeld , larry david and broadway star matthew broadrick . the quartet were all present at citi field in queens to watch the game between the new york mets and the philadelphia phillies . scroll down for video . pr exercise ? trevor noah was photographed on monday at citi field along with jerry seinfeld and larry david as the new york mets took on the philadelphia phillies during opening day . broadway star matthew broderick was also present as the south african comedian came to grips with that most american of pasttimes . earlier noah and seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for seinfeld 's acclaimed comedians in cars getting coffee online series . the pair were filmed walking around the dumbo neighbourhood of brooklyn and behind the wheel of a white ferrari . noah 's very public appearance with new york jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to daily show host . cynics might wonder if monday 's very public appearance with seinfield and david was a concerted move to combat that negative publicity but alternatively perhaps the comedian is undertaking a crash course in learning about american culture . his successor stewart had an infamous obsession with the mets that became a long-running joke on the daily show for over a decade . noah , who is little-known in the us , rocketed to national fame last month after he was named as longtime host stewart 's replacement on the satirical news program . earlier noah and seinfeld had been photographed filming a segment for seinfeld 's acclaimed comedians in cars getting coffee online series . noah and seinfeld were filmed walking around the dumbo neighbourhood of brooklyn and behind the wheel of a white ferrari . however , the excitement surrounding the announcement was tinged by hundreds of internet users accusing the 31-year-old - who is a quarter jewish - of anti-semitism for a series of ' offensive ' posts . the comedian quickly apologized and told his two million followers : ' to reduce my views to a handful of jokes that did n't land is not a true reflection of my character , nor my evolution as a comedian . ' it comes as comedy central , which hired noah as a correspondent on the show just three months ago , has defended its newest star as a ' provocative ' comedian who ' spares noone , himself included ' . in a statement , the network said : ' to judge him or his comedy based on a handful of jokes is unfair . ' it added : ' trevor is a talented comedian with a bright future at comedy central . ' noah , the son of a half-jewish xhosa mother and a swiss father , drew fire for jokes that were described as tasteless , hateful , and unfunny . the controversial tweets were posted between 2009 and 2014 . in may last year , noah tweeted : ' behind every successful rap billionaire is a double as rich jewish man . # beatsbydreidel . ' noah 's very public appearance with new york jewish comedy royalty comes not long after he was accused of anti-semitism in the wake of his surprise promotion to daily show host . ' not a true reflection ' : in a tweet earleir this month , noah told his two million followers : ' to reduce my views to a handful of jokes that did n't land is not a true reflection of my character , nor my evolution as a comedian ' . a year earlier , he posted : ' note to self - langostines are not jewish prawns . ' meanwhile , during a soccer match in january 2012 , he joked : ' messi gets the ball and the real players try foul him , but messi does n't go down easy , just like jewish chicks . # elclasico . ' he also slammed the united states ' midsection in a 2013 tweet , writing that ' when flying over the middle of america the turbulence is so bad . it 's like all the ignorance is rising through the air . ' and in 2009 , noah , who can speak an impressive six languages , wrote : ' almost bumped a jewish kid crossing the road . he did n't look b4 crossing but i still would hav felt so bad in my german car ! ' on tuesday , the tweets were being posted online by enraged bloggers , who slammed noah as ' racist ' . one said : ' jon stewart , born leibowitz , wo n't be happy about these highly antisemitic tweets . ' stewart has voiced his full support for his successor , calling the incoming host ' incredibly thoughtful and considerate and funny and smart . ' he promised that noah ' will earn your trust and respect . or not . just as i earned your trust and respect . or did not . ' more seriously , he said if viewers give noah the chance to prove himself , ' it 's going to be well worth it . '