a turkish airlines flight from milan to istanbul made an emergency landing at ataturk airport today after its engine caught fire . it 's the latest in a series of such incidents that have forced the carrier to divert or recall flights . television images showed firefighters approaching the plane at the airport and putting out the fire , and the airbus a320 aircraft 's passengers were evacuated safely . the turkish airlines plane lands a second time with the right engine on fire after earlier aborting a first attempt . one passenger took a photo of the severely damaged wing from their seat , and right , as the plane circled above istanbul ataturk airport flames could be seen coming from the engine . turkish airlines spokesperson dr. ali genc told mailonline travel : ' turkish airlines tk 1878 milan-istanbul flight has landed safely after its first attempt to istanbul ataturk airport . the plane slid off the runway after its landing by its declaration of emergency landing . ' the evacuation has been safely and promptly completed . our 97 passengers on board have been safely taken to terminal . currently , there is no injuries or no health problem on any of our passengers reported . ' the necessary investigation has been started to clarify the causes of the incident . ' airlive.net are reporting that while attempting the first landing , the right side landing gear collapsed forcing the pilot to abort . it is believed the right landing gear was damaged on a first landing , that led to the right-hand side fire . the plane was quickly evacuated on landing , and there are no reported injuries from the 97 on board . passengers were safely led from the stricken plane that ended up on the grass after the emergency landing . the moment of impact once the plane landed at ataturk airport saw more flames from the aircraft . people took to social networks to praise the captain 's safe landing of the turkish airlines flight . as the plane circled in the sky , flames could clearly be seen from the damaged area . the photos began to be circulated on social networks , and people expressed their relief at news the passengers escaped the plane unhurt . on twitter flyingpilot79 wrote that he was glad the flight had landed , and ' that everyone is ok ' , while nicholas guerts added : ' well done to the # tk1878 crew for getting that aircraft on to the ground safely ! ' a photo released from inside the plane shows the oxygen masks deployed for the emergency landing . emergency vehicles queued up on the ataturk runway to greet the landing of the on-fire plane . the fire was extinguished on landing , and the plane was evacuated of 97 passengers . on march 30 , a turkish airlines flight made an emergency landing after a note with the word ' bomb ' was reportedly found in the toilet . the flight from istanbul scheduled for sao paulo , brazil touched down in casablanca , morocco after declaring an emergency over north africa . the airline confirmed the boeing 777 with the flight number tk15 was carrying 256 people and made a diversion due to a ' bomb threat ' . it was the second incident in the space of two days where a turkish airlines flight out of istanbul was the subject of a bomb threat . flight tk-52 from istanbul to tokyo was forced to land at ataturk airport after the words 'c4-cargo ' were discovered written in the toilet . the words relate to the plastic explosive c-4 .    