a 17-year old who spontaneously decided to run off for four days survived during his disappearance by eating from the fruit trees at his high school . connor sullivan , of cupertino , california , attended his first period class at monta vista high school on monday morning before disappearing for roughly 80 hours . after the junior returned home on his own thursday night , police who had been searching for him learned that the teenager had never left the bay area town and was using the water fountains and porta potty on campus . though search parties took off from the school , they could not find sullivan , who said after his return that he slept under the bleachers every night , police told daily mail online . police and volunteers had searched ( left ) frantically for connor sullivan , ( right ) 17 , of cupertino , california , though the teenager was hiding at and around his high school . sullivan reportedly survived by eating from the fruit trees at monta vista high school , which grow pineapple guavas and pear-like quinces ( file photo ) . sergeant james jensen said that the teenager spoke with police on thursday night , and said that he had spent most of his time around the school and in the foothills to the west . he is thought to have sustained himself on fruit growing in cupertino residents ' yards , as well as that on trees at his school . the school , which is about ten minutes ' drive from the headquarters of tech giant apple , has rows of pineapple guava fruit trees native to south america , according to its student newspaper . it also has a tree that bears quinces , yellow fruits native to turkey that look similar to pears . both quinces and pineapple guavas , which are also called feijoas , can be eaten raw . police and 250 volunteers had searched frantically for the 5'5 '' 150lb boy , according to abc 7 . his father jeffrey and mother jill sullivan said that the disappearance of the hardworking track athlete was completely out of character . his parents jill ( left ) and jeffrey ( right ) said that connor had never run away before and that the behavior was completely uncharacteristic for the hardworking track athlete . sullivan said that he slept every night under the bleachers at the school near apple 's headquarters . sullivan , who had never gone missing before , also spent time at fremont older space reserve park , where he would train for cross country races . he was said to have spent all of monday hiking at the scenic reserve . sullivan also told police that he spent one entire day under the bleachers at his school . in addition to school , the student also missed all of his practices . police had searched for the teen , who does not have a car , at his school and in the surrounding neighborhood . search parties had even gathered at the portable toilets he is thought to have used . sullivan was reportedly stressed from school , though his family said that was not the reason he ran off and did not disclose the real cause . the teenager had originally agreed with police to do a press conference , though has now said that he will write a letter explaining his disappearance . hundreds of volunteers gathered to look for the missing teenager , but could not find him even though he spent much of his time at and around the school . sullivan spent the first day hiking at the fremont older space reserve park , where he often trained for his long-distance runs .