for a safari lodge it 's tourism gold dust to have regular visits from non-violent wildlife to give guests a feeling of being up close and personal with nature . but for one luxury south african resort , etali safari lodge , which offers game drives and walks to see the continent 's big five , one of the animals is often ticked off the list before leaving the hotel . one african elephant has take a particular liking to resort 's pool and deck area - so much so staff have nicknamed the elephant troublesome . this elephant has taken such a liking to the etali safari lodge 's pools he has been nicknamed troublesome . the cheeky african elephant has subverted the resort 's efforts to keep him from emptying their pools . troublesome is n't shy of the resort staff and has no problem spraying them with water from his trunk . troublesome is a regular visitor to etali in the madikwe game reserve and has become a regular visitor to the splash pools there over the past four years , much to guests ' amusement . video footage shows the cheeky african elephant wandering into the complex as if he owns the joint - he certainly knows his way around - before seeking refreshment from the splash pools . troublesome likes to dip his trunk into the pools for a drink , but also enjoys having some fun with the humans and has no problem spraying them with water - or maybe he 's reminding them who 's boss . while sundowners on the deck overlooking a herd of local elephants is a regular feature for etali guests , having an elephant joining them for a drink is n't part of the plan . troublesome has been a regular visitor to etali in the madikwe game reserve for the past four years . a guest watches on as troublesome wanders around the deck and pool area as if he owns the joint . safety concerns and the fact he is emptying out the pools with his antics have led resort staff to take action and try to keep their four-legged friend out of the grounds , but it appears troublesome is living up to his name and keeps out-witting them . etali safari lodge 's manager kristoff potgieter said efforts to deter him have fallen on deaf ears . ' after our previous incidents with troublesome and the other elephants around the lodge , we have tried to deter them from emptying out the splash pools , ' he said . the more conventional interaction with the elephants ( centre ) is with a sundowner on the deck by the pool . the splash pool at the luxury safari resort is regularly emptied out by the visiting elephant . troublesome has thwarted attempts to deter him because he likes the clear water offers by the resort . ' however troublesome is no ordinary elephant , he wandered around the pathways of the lodge looking for his gap , and keeping our staff and guests on their toes ! ' finally he figured out that he could make it to the edge of our main pool at the edge of the main lodge wooden deck . ' he just can not resist the cool , clear water of our pool . ' when etali boasts it offers ' guests a unique and personal african bush experience wherein nature , relaxation and luxury combine to form an unforgettable memory ' , they 're not kidding .  