a parody video that mocks american skiers and plays on stereotypes about us tourists has gone viral on the internet , but not all viewers are finding it amusing . the profanity-laced comedy sketch by 26 minutes , a news satire programme broadcast by radio television suisse , follows ‘ jeff randl’ , who travels to switzerland to compete in xtreme verbier . with more than 300,000 views on youtube since late march , some viewers said they were offended or didn’t find the humour in the show’s over-the-top depiction of americans on the slopes in switzerland . the comedy sketch follows ' jeff randl ' , who travels to ' sweden ' to compete in xtreme verbier . jeff , portrayed by one of the french-language show’s presenters , is a blonde , mop-haired snowboarder who tells the camera he has travelled from lake forest , california to ‘sweden’ to compete in the freeriding event . the bible-toting and pot-smoking character plays on the usual stereotypes about us tourists – from being loud and inconsiderate to arrogant and less worldly . scenes show jeff smoking a ‘joint’ while travelling up the mountain on a gondola , saying ‘ excuse me , i’m american’ as he pushes his way past other skiers or snowboarders , and barrelling down the slopes without care or caution . at one point , jeff tells the camera : ‘ sweden , i think that’s one of the 50 states of europe or something . i don’t like it too much here , you don’t give a s*** what people are saying . ’ jeff ( right ) offends others by being loud , jumping queues and smoking marijuana on a gondola . he later takes offence to a rainbow-coloured gondola , saying : ‘ hey , this machine is gay . i don’t like it . ’ the end of the video shows jeff being buried in an ‘avalanche’ and pulling his bible out of his jacket . when he is hauled out of the snow by a rescue team , he believes he is saved by god and shouts : ‘i’m american , and god bless america . ’ the video has received mixed reviews on youtube , although the majority of comments appear to be from those who found humour in the satire . the snowboarder takes offence to a rainbow-coloured gondola at the swiss ski resort of verbier . of the negative reviews , one viewer wrote : ‘ kind of offended by this , definitely not entertained . pretty poorly thought out satire . ’ another said : ‘ still trying to find the funny in this . ’ of those who found it funny , one viewer said : ‘i’m an american… and i freaking love this’ . another wrote : ‘ got ta love the bible toting californian surfer dude who snowboards… all it needed was for him to eat a big mac . ’ jeff holds his bible after he was ' buried ' in an avalanche and pulled from the snow by rescuers . comedian vincent kucholl , who played the role of jeff , told swiss newspaper le matin that he has enjoyed seeing the response from americans , and he rejected suggestions that the sketch was racist . he said : ‘it’s funny that they are reacting ... but we did nothing wrong . this was for people here , not in america . ’ he told the newspaper that viewers ' reactions suggests that americans have less self-deprecating humour than the swiss .