sacked : but jeremy clarkson will not face prosecution over the incident which got him sacked from top gear . jeremy clarkson will not face prosecution over the attack on a top gear producer which led to him being sacked from the hit bbc show . police had opened an investigation into the incident , which took place at a hotel in hawes , north yorkshire last month after clarkson had been filming top gear in the area . however , after the victim oisin tymon said that he did not want to press charges , officers have now decided to drop the probe without taking action against clarkson . a north yorkshire police spokesman said : ‘ north yorkshire police has now completed its routine enquiries following the incident at hawes involving mr jeremy clarkson , and we will not be pursuing this matter any further . ‘ north yorkshire police takes a thorough and victim-led approach to all investigations . ‘ last week , the person at the centre of the incident , mr tymon , said that he did not wish the police to take action on his behalf . ‘ however , at that point we still needed to speak to some members of the public who were present at the time of the incident , who had been affected by the event , and whose views also needed to be considered . ‘ now that all the interviews are complete , we have properly established that there is no need for further police action . ’ the incident , described as a ' fracas ' by bbc officials , occurred when clarkson discovered that the hotel where he was staying could not serve him a hot meal following a day 's filming . an official report found that the 54-year-old presenter punched mr tymon in the mouth before being dragged away by a witness , causing the producer to go to a & e for emergency treatment . he also verbally abused him for 20 minutes , blaming mr tymon for failing to ensure that he could get a steak at the hotel . victim : oisin tymon told police he did not wish to press charges against mr clarkson . mr clarkson was suspended as top gear presenter as soon as news of the fight came to light , and after the report was released the bbc announced that it would not renew his contract . he has repeatedly apologised to mr tymon both in public and privately , and the producer told north yorkshire police he did not want to see mr clarkson prosecuted . despite his sacking , mr clarkson is set to take part in a series of top gear live shows alongside co-presenters richard hammond and james may , although the performances will be rebranded . the bbc has said that top gear is likely to continue in some form , but mr hammond and mr may are not expected to return . the star initially received widespread public support - including from his friend , prime minister david cameron - in the aftermath of the incident , while one million people signed a petition calling for the bbc to reinstate him . trio : mr clarkson is still set to appear in top gear live shows alongside richard hammond and james may . but director-general tony hall said ' a line has been crossed ' and that ' there can not be one rule for one and one rule for another ' . lord hall has faced death threats since he announced that mr clarkson would be sacked , and has had bodyguards assigned to protect him and his family . it is not yet known what mr clarkson 's next move will be - he has been linked with a move to another channel , while the decision to continue the live shows has prompted speculation that he could continue to work with mr hammond and mr may . it has also been suggested that top gear boss andy wilman , a childhood friend of mr clarkson , could be leaving the show , after an email to staff which was widely interpreted as a farewell to top gear was leaked last week . last week it emerged that mr hammond and mr may were each selling off several classic motorbikes from their extensive collections . the 12 cycles have a guide price estimate of £66,000 , but the novelty value could push up the price far beyond that - though mr may insisted the sale was not linked to mr clarkson 's dismissal . the co-presenter has mocked his own newfound unemployment since the incident , recently posting a video of cooking tips in which he instructs viewers how to make a shepherd 's pie .