billionaire phones4u founder john caudwell has revealed that his £10million mansion is ' being haunted ' by the ' ghost ' of a child killed in the english civil war . mr caudwell , 62 , claimed visitors to his 50-room jacobean manor in staffordshire have felt a bed vibrate and a ghost brushing past them on the stairs . the businessman believes the ghostly goings-on are being caused by the spirit of a terrified little boy who died in the 17th century conflict . scroll down for video . spooked : billionaire john caudwell inside his historic mansion . he thinks the imposing building is being haunted by the ghost of a boy who was shot by a soldier loyal to cromwell during the english civil war . spooky stays : women visitors spending the night in one particular bedroom in the mansion ( above ) have felt its bed vibrate . tycoon john caudwell says the room is where the boy died . mr caudwell , who sold off phones4u in 2006 for £1.4billion , said : ' the little boy was alone in the house . all the men had gone out hunting - and the cromwellians came down the drive . ' he shouted : ' we are for the king ' - and one of the soldiers lifted a musket and shot him dead . ' he fell in the long gallery , crawled into one of the bedrooms and bled to death . ' legend has it that every so often , those blood stains come oozing through . ' i 've never seen that but there 's a strange thing where several women have slept in the room and felt the bed vibrate . i was not there at the time . ' there are also stories about this ghost brushing past people on the stairs . ' people who think they are in tune with the spirit world always say they can feel something - but it 's warm , not malevolent . ' john caudwell in 2006 with his then partner claire johnson at a party hosted by sir elton john . right : with his private helicopter in the grounds of his £10million staffordshire mansion . mixing with the stars : john and claire with singer stephen gately at a charity ball in may 2009 , just five months before the boyzone singer was found dead at his holiday apartment in majorca . historic : broughton hall in staffordshire was the scene of a civil war tragedy according to mr caudwell . the english civil war took place between 1642 and 1651 . it was fought by the cavaliers - who remained loyal to king charles i - and the roundheads , who wanted to overthrow the monarchy . their battles saw charles i being executed , his son , charles ii , being exiled and oliver cromwell taking over as the leader of a republic britain in 1649 . cromwell died in 1958 from suspected septicemia - and he was buried with great pomp at westminster abbey . but in 1661 , a year after the monarchy was restored , his body was exhumed and subjected to a ' posthumous execution ' . mr caudwell , who is ranked as the 42nd richest person in britain , bought broughton hall 20 years ago for £800,000 . the house and its 28-acres , which are near eccleshall , are now worth more than £10million . the businessman started work at the age of 17 on the production line of the michelin factory in his home city , stoke-on-trent , for just £3 a week . he began his mobile-phone empire in 1987 . earlier this month he spent £155million buying the audley street garage in mayfair , central london . he plans to knock it down and build a high-end housing complex worth as much as £2billion . the apartment block will contain five townhouses , three penthouses , a mews home and 21 luxury flats - rivalling properties such as the nearby one hyde park for the title of the world 's most desirable living space . mr caudwell also made headlines earlier this year when he was granted planning permission to build his own steam railway in the grounds of broughton hall . mr caudwell at the mansion in 2009 . he has lived there for 20 years after making his money from the mobile-phone company phones4u . a half-sized locomotive will haul a fleet of fully furnished carriages , at an initial cost of £500,000 . mr caudwell said at the time : ' it 's a mad idea - crackpot really . i 'll probably only use the railway two or three times a year but i 've had a fascination with steam trains since i was a boy . ' no doubt they will be enjoyed by his family of five children by three women . he split from his last long-term partner , claire johnson , last year . the couple had been together for 15 years and remain friends . mr caudwell is also friends with his former wife kate , to whom he was married for 25 years . there are several family suites in broughton hall to accommodate them and mr caudwell 's other visitors . he also has an £80million mansion in mayfair and two luxury ski chalets - one in vail , in the us , and the other in whistler , canada .