a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper . the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable . islamic teachings traditionally state that followers should use water to clean themselves after going to the toilet . a new islamic fatwa in turkey has decreed that muslims are allowed to use toilet paper . the set of rules for how muslims should relieve themselves , called the qadaa al-haajah , was established in the times before toilet paper or toilet seats were invented . use of the left hand or three stones was also permissible . the code also states that followers should not speak or read while on the toilet and should enter with their left foot and leave with their right , speaking a prayer . the directorate of religious affairs for turkey stated that the use of the material for hygiene is acceptable but water was preferable . men and women are also told not to stand while relieving themselves but to squat or sit . the new announcement , reported by hurriyet daily news , stated : ' if water can not be found for cleansing , other cleaning materials can be used . ' ' even though some sources deem paper to be unsuitable as a cleaning material , as it is an apparatus for writing , there is no problem in using toilet paper . last month the directorate of religious affairs had also relaxed rules on around the use of products containing alcohol - as long as they were not consumed . hand sanitizes and other similar products used for hygiene products are now halal . ' while it is forbidden to drink substances containing alcohol that were produced for cleaning purposes , it is acceptable to use them for cleaning , ' hurriyet daily news reported . the fatwa stated that places that had been cleaned with the products would not need to be washed again with water prior to performing prayer . a new ruling on begging , stating that anyone who begs and earns money beyond their immediate needs is ' demanding the fire of hell . ' the code , known as qadaahul haajah , is part of a set of guideline based on the teachings of the islamic prophet muhammad . although they are not compulsory , many devout muslims follow the sunnah teachings . -the rules state muslims must say before entering the toilet ' in the name of allah , o allah ! i seek refuge with you from all offensive and wicked things ' . -they must enter with their left foot and leave with their right saying a second prayer ' praise be to allah who relieved me of the filth and gave me relief ' . -people should not speak , greet anyone else or read while they are relieving themselves . -muslims should not go to the toilet standing up but should squat or , if necessary , sit . -followers must not face the direction of mecca while they go to the toilet or have anything bearing the name of allah or the quran on them . -people should relieve themselves out of sight of people and should not look at their own genitals or anyone else 's . -after going to the toilet , muslims should clean themselves with the left hand and water . -stones are also permissible , and three stones should be used to wipe themselves . -the hands should then be washed .