book of the week . naturalists in paradise : wallace , bates and spruce in the amazon . by john hemming . ( thames & hudson £19.95 ) back in 1961 three young oxford graduates set off to explore the iriri river in a remote part of the amazon . one of them , richard mason , became the last englishman to be killed by an uncontacted tribe , when he was murdered with bows and arrows . the second , kit lambert , went on to manage the who . but for the third , john hemming , the trip was the beginning of a lifelong fascination with the region , and a distinguished career writing about it . bird of paradise : a musician wren . more than 50 years on , that same fascination still shines out of every page of naturalists in paradise , the compelling story of an earlier trio of young british explorers . at first sight - and several subsequent ones - ' paradise ' might n't seem the obvious word to describe the amazon basin in the mid 19th century . a huge anti-government uprising had destroyed much of whatever infrastructure there had been . river transport , the only kind available , still relied on getting the local indians to do the paddling - or , when faced with waterfalls and rapids , the heavy lifting . flooding could cause chunks of land , some of several acres , to come hurtling down the river , smashing everything in their way . and of course , there was a spectacular array of biting and stinging insects - including mosquitoes , which nobody had yet linked to malaria . nonetheless , for naturalists as driven as alfred russel wallace , henry bates and richard spruce , a paradise is exactly what the amazon was . even after being attacked by a particularly nasty species of wasp , spruce wrote of his admiration for ' their beauty , ingenuity and heroic ferocity ' . these days , the image of 19th-century british travellers is perhaps of public-school types airily bossing the natives about , possibly from a sedan chair . well , not in this case - because wallace , bates and spruce were all classic examples of victorian self-improvement . none was from a rich family and none went to school beyond 14 . all , however , soon set about the urgent task of educating themselves . at 15 , bates was working 13 hours a day , six days a week , as a hosiery apprentice . fortunately , that did n't prevent him from learning greek , latin , french , drawing and composition at the local mechanics ' institute in leicester , or from developing a passion for natural history . naturalist richard spruce . the young wallace loved nothing better than to curl up with the poetry of milton or dante - until he discovered the joys of plant classification . aged 17 , spruce carefully listed 403 species of plants near his yorkshire home , before surrendering to the seemingly irresistible appeal of mosses and liverworts . when wallace and bates met in leicester in 1844 , apparently at the public library , they immediately realised they were kindred spirits . four years later , still in their early 20s and having found a london agent to sell any specimens they sent back , they sailed to brazil , which was already recognised as an ecological treasure-trove . in fact , after a few months together , the pair amicably separated . ( bates preferred to stay in one place for months at a time , while wallace liked to go wherever his more impulsive nose led him . ) a year later , spruce arrived to begin his own amazon adventures , bumping into the others only occasionally . what followed was a story - or three stories - of quietly stirring heroism . sad to say , in the port of bélem where they landed , the biggest difference from england that wallace and bates noticed was the comparative lack of drunkenness . once they headed inland , though , they were in another world entirely . they were also among people either puzzled or amused that they had come so far just to collect some plants and animals . in general , the indians proved remarkably hospitable , as well as astonishingly skilful boatmen . not all tribal traditions were to english tastes - including the one where the dead were buried in the village 's huts , dug up a month later , cooked , pounded into a powder , mixed with alcohol and drunk by the assembled company . the non-indian locals , meanwhile , were a distinctly mixed bunch . in one village , bates was amazed to come across a man whose mud-hut contained a library of well-thumbed latin classics . in another , wallace was both shocked and delighted by a cheerfully dissolute priest . as an amazon explorer himself , hemming describes the endless hardships almost matter-of-factly , which only makes it clearer how hair-raising they were . even so , when it comes to understatement , he 's still no match for the three victorians . after wallace shot part of his own hand off , he confessed to feeling ' rather miserable ' . later , he described the ants eating him alive as ' not the most agreeable companions ' . above all , though , these men collected : gathering specimens of every conceivable type , no matter what condition they were in . ' with bleeding feet and an empty stomach , i found the journey sufficiently toilsome , ' wrote spruce of one trip . ' but this did not prevent me gathering plants ' - although , on a wimpier note , when he was ' near dying of hunger ' he did collect only in the afternoons . then there was the equally tricky business of preserving the specimens in wet jungle conditions until they could be packaged up for the journey to london . as hemming emphasises , it 's almost miraculous that so much of what the three collected made it back in such good condition . bates alone managed to send 14,712 species , with the number of specimens naturally far higher . the biggest loss , in fact , came when the boat on which wallace was travelling home in 1852 caught fire , destroying his notebooks and the live animals he 'd brought with him . happily , he was rescued after only a week in an open boat 700 miles from land . a lesser man might well have been discouraged by the experience . yet within two years , wallace was off again , this time for eight years of collecting in asia . there , he also developed a theory of natural selection that charles darwin realised was virtually the same as the one he himself had been sitting on for two decades - and so quickly set about writing the origin of species . ' i could never have approached the completeness of his book , ' wallace generously declared when it was published . meanwhile , back in amazonia , bates and spruce were still collecting away ... hemming tells the story of this extraordinary trio without hype , wisely content to let the facts and their own reflections speak largely for themselves . he does , however , add the occasional telling update : we learn that some of the tribes that helped the three men are sadly now extinct . but perhaps the most striking moment of all comes with a short footnote on page 106 that reminds us how much the world has changed . having sailed through a series of thunderstorms , spruce gets separated from his companions on a jungle trek and fears he 's going to die . but then , deep in the lonely forest , he hears something he 's long dreamed of hearing : a musician wren , which sings like a music box . ' modern readers , ' the footnote reads , ' can hear this bird by visiting www.xeno-canto.org and searching for “ musician wren” . ' try it . i guarantee that it will brighten your day .  