two former police officials who quit their jobs in parma , missouri , have revealed what they say are the real reasons they stepped down . a black woman , tyus byrd , was recently elected mayor of the town over the white incumbent candidate randall ramsey , mailonline reported earlier this week . six city officials quit their jobs shortly after byrd won , according to multiple reports . two of those individuals - trish cohen , parma 's former police chief , and rich medley , the town 's former assistant police chief - recently spoke to nbc news . scroll down for video . speaking out : trish cohen , parma 's former police chief , and rich medley , the town 's former assistant police chief , quit their jobs with the city . tyus byrd , who is black , was recently elected mayor . cohen has said she and medley feared for their safety , and their home addresses had been shared online by byrd 's family members . cohen alleged in the interview with the news outlet that she and medley feared for their safety , and said their home addresses had been shared online by byrd 's family members . referring to byrd , cohen told nbc news ' you ca n't have an anti-police mayor , and that 's the way she made me feel . ' ' my decision was not , did not , come lightly . at all , ' cohen also said . ' it has nothing to do with race . if it had anything to do with race , i 'd done never went to work in the town . ' medley told nbc news ' from the moment [ byrd ] announced her candidacy , she never approached any of us , never advised us what her plans were or anything . never asked us to stay or told us that the moment she took office that we were n't going to have a job . ' we were in the dark on it , and then in hearing from her supporters that she was going to fire all of us , might as well start looking for something else . ' mayor : tyus byrd , pictured , has said she does n't know what the ' safety issues ' were and that she ' never said anything about cleaning house ' . six city officials quit their jobs shortly after byrd was elected to serve as parma 's mayor . byrd , meanwhile , told nbc news she did not know the reason the city employees quit . she also told the news outlet she did not believe race played a role . in an interview with the media outlet , byrd said ' it was cited to me that it was safety issues . i would love to know what those safety issues are . ' i wish we could have sat down and came to whatever the reasons were , that maybe we could have came to some type of agreement and understanding . ' speaking to the st. louis post-dispatch , byrd said ' i don’t understand . i never said anything about cleaning house . ' the newspaper reported that while speaking to the post-dispatch , ' medley acknowledged that byrd had never threatened to fire officers , nor publicly indicated that she would interfere with police . ' medley told daily mail online on thursday , referring to the remarks byrd earlier made to nbc news about wanting to have discussed issues together , ' she never made any attempts to talk with us during her candidacy or after winning the election . it 's very hard to believe someone truly wanted to work with the police department in regards to their concerns when no effort is made . ' add to that the information we were receiving from her supporters about firing us when she took office . it 's not hard to understand that we did not believe we would have jobs after april 14th at 5p.m . ' cohen did not respond to a message seeking comment on social media wednesday , and on thursday her facebook page appeared to have been taken down . byrd did not respond to a request for comment on social media wednesday , and did not immediately return requests on thursday . a phone number listed for the town 's city hall on its website appeared to in fact be a fax number when dialed by a reporter . 