when the queen , then aged 86 , was filmed ' jumping out of a plane ' during the opening ceremony of the london 2012 olympics , no one was more surprised than her grandson , prince william . describing her as an ' unbelievably good sport ' , he added : ' harry got a sniff of a rumour on the night and the rumour mill was going into overdrive . ' but , in fact , she did such a good performance that she 's been asked to star in the next bond film . i 'm thrilled for her . ' scroll down for video . birthday : the queen , pictured at newbury racecourse on saturday , is celebrating her 89th birthday today . while the queen 's cameo role as a bond girl came as a surprise to her grandsons , her still-sharp sense of fun did not and , as she turns 89 , it 's one that shows no sign of diminishing . just last week , she was spotted looking animated and crossing her fingers at the newbury races while cheering on her filly , ring of truth . although the two-year-old bay only managed second place , the queen , who still goes to the races whenever she can , clearly enjoyed herself . her majesty is also a regular rider and is frequently spotted riding out in windsor great park on her black fell pony carltonlima emma - despite , as she turns 89 , reaching an age where most other riders have hung up their hats for good . sense of humour : the queen proved her sense of humour remains undiminished with her james bond spoof . active : the queen still rides regularly and is pictured out in windsor great park last week . long-standing love : the queen , pictured in 1968 and 1972 , has long adored all things equestrian . but the queen is an expert when it comes to defying her advancing years and , along with maintaining a schedule that would leave people a third of her age exhausted , continues to enjoy herself much as she always has . although recent years have seen her cut down on the amount of time she spends in the saddle - the result of a niggling knee injury that also forced her to give up presiding over trooping the colour on horseback - the queen remains an enthusiastic equestrienne and , according to sources , is a familiar sight at her windsor stables . she is said to take a keen interest in all her horses and ponies , some of whom are now ridden by her grandchildren , notably prince edward 's children , lady louise and james , viscount severn . her majesty also puts in regular appearances at the windsor horse show and is frequently seen watching the action during the cartier polo cup - a tournament that takes place at the guards ' polo club in windsor . although , unlike her grandsons william and harry , the queen has never played polo herself , she has long been a fan of the sport . showing her nerves : the queen grimaces while watching her filly ring of truth last week . shared love : the duke of edinburgh also shares her love of racing and polo . popular : while the queen can not ride as much as she 'd like , she still has a heavy work schedule . but while her advancing age has curtailed the queen 's ability to ride , she still partakes in many of the habits picked up as a young woman , among them a penchant for a pre-lunch gin and dubonnet . like her mother , who lived to be 102 , her majesty is also said to be fond of a pre-dinner gin and tonic but turns down fancy fare in favour of plainer dishes . according to former royal chef darren brady , a typical lunch for her majesty is grilled dover sole served with wilted greens - that followed by an afternoon tea with ' at least two kinds of sandwiches ' at four . for supper , the queen has more fish or game such as pheasant sent to windsor from her estate at sandringham or balmoral . perhaps this hearty but plain fare explains her continuing good health and her ability to manage what remains a heavy workload . meetings : she meets the british pm once a week and ' regularly speaks ' to those elsewhere . role : the queen performing her role as queen of australia with a visit to an aboriginal culture show in 2002 . state opening : the queen , here as queen of new zealand , opening parliament in wellington in 1977 . patriotic : the queen , here of great britain and northern ireland , meeting children in hampshire . her majesty spends most afternoons welcoming incoming ambassadors to buckingham palace , presiding over investitures or , as she did last week , taking part in visits on behalf of one of the 16 countries of which she is head of state . she also has a weekly audience with the uk prime minister , currently david cameron , and ' speaks regularly ' to the prime ministers of the 15 other countries where she is head of state , among them australia 's tony abbott and canada 's stephen harper . under the queen , the monarchy has also modernised and embraces the latest technology , including social media . the queen is currently the world 's most followed royal , with her account , @ britishmonarchy , followed by 970,000 people . her first post , an anodyne comment about the opening of an exhibition at the science museum , went viral - as did her first photo-bomb . the moment , which came during last summer 's commonwealth games , saw her majesty appear in the background of a selfie being taken by hockeyroos player , jayde taylor , 30 . her majesty also made her first , if unscheduled , appearance in a selfie in june when 14-year-old jack surgenor darted in for a cheeky snap during a walkabout in belfast 's st. george 's market . photo-bomb ! this snap of the queen by australian hockey player jayde taylor rapidly went viral . first selfie : 14-year-old jack surgenor snaps a cheeky selfie with the queen during a visit in belfast . first tweet : the queen sends her first official twitter message during a visit to the science museum . beyond selfies and social media , the queen continues to make waves in the sartorial world with her trademark shift dresses and colourful coats , all of which are regularly referenced by the world 's top designers . even her launer london handbags are enjoying renewed popularity , with the brand regularly selling out colourful special edition versions of her favourite £1,075 traviata style . at home , her family are enjoying a period of relative peace and , as she celebrates her 89th birthday , the queen is about to become a great-grandmother for the fifth time . but for her majesty , who is spending today privately with her family at windsor castle , the imminent arrival is just one of a number of reasons to be pleased . still riding , still enjoying the races and still unafraid to surprise family and the public alike , the queen , nearly ninety , surely is the world 's coolest great-grandmother . happy family : her majesty is about to become a great-grandmother for the fifth time . royal family : the queen pictured with her family and the middletons at prince george 's christening in 2013 .