the chilling reenactment of how executions are carried out in indonesia which was broadcast to millions of viewers is set to become a brutal reality for andrew chan and myruan sukumaran . time has run out for the bali nine ringleaders who will face 12 marksmen , with only three of them holding loaded guns , at the stroke of midnight on tuesday night - 3am eastern standard time - in the depths of the jungle on nusakambangan island in java . the australian men are expected to be led from their isolated cells in batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track to a place called nirbaya - or more appropriately known as death valley . scroll down for video . myuran sukumaran ( left ) and andrew chan ( right ) will be given white clothing to wear and a choice whether to be blindfolded as they face the firing squad at the stoke of midnight on tuesday . the final chilling steps to execution in indonesia . a disturbing recreation of the execution was aired on indonesian tv the day before five foreign drug traffickers were killed in january . millions of viewers watched the chilling reenactment of the execution played out on national tv . the condemned pair will be given white clothing to wear , which symbolises the afterlife , before beginning their fatal trek and are given the option to be blindfolded with a piece of fabric before facing the firing squad who will be lined up anywhere from five to 10 metres in front of them . the confronting decisions continue for the death row inmates with the opportunity to choose whether to stand , sit or kneel before a cross is placed over their hearts acting as a target for the 12 riflemen - of which nine will have blanks and only three will have live rounds . if necessary their hands or feet will be tied to a 3m high pole or worse still - a wooden execution chair . the offender is then given a final chance to calm down for a maximum of three minutes before the riflemen are ordered to shoot them in the heart . it is then that the executing commander brandishes his sword as a sign for the 12 shooters to begin to fire their rifles . if the doctor confirms once the fires have been shot that the prisoner is still breathing - the executing commander orders for a pistol be put to the temple just above the ear for a final shot . however , the shooting can continue on the condemned , if the doctor declares that there is still signs of life . some of the last words the men will hear are ' laksanakan , laksanakan ' - meaning ' execute , execute ' in indonesian . the australian men will be given a maximum of three minutes to calm down before being shot in the heart . three shooters will have live rounds while nine other rifelemen will have blanks . the tv footage broadcasted four months ago showed brimob executioners dressed in military fatigues with semi-automatic rifles practicing for the following day 's execution by repeatedly firing at bullseye targets . not even refusing to sign their death warrants on saturday will delay the pair 's deaths for their hand in plotting to smuggle 8kg of heroin out of bali 10 years ago . the stark reality struck for the pair when they requested their final wishes - sukumaran to continue his love of painting right up until the bitter end and chan , who became a minister during his time behind bars , to attend a church service with his family . the prisoners can also make a final written request which can include declaring their guilt or innocence , along with how and where they wish to be buried . one of the last paintings sukumaran will ever create was shown to the media on the javanese island by his australian lawyer julian mcmahon on saturday . the haunting self portrait depicts a gun shot wound to his heart . this comes as coffins with both men 's names and wednesday 's date were inscribed on wooden crosses by local funeral director suhendra putro . the clearing where the pair will be executed called nirbaya - or more appropriately known as death valley . sukumaran 's self portrait shows a gaping wound on his heart ( left ) and the chilling words '72hrs just started ' on the back of the frame ( right ) . the television report also listed 27 very precise points about how the execution will be carried out . a disturbing video of just how the executions would be played out was aired across indonesia the day before the executions of five foreign drug traffickers on january 18 this year . the eerie step-by-step recreation on channel 1 shows a white figure wearing a black hood over its head with its arms tied behind its head - while the firing squad is represented by a row of toy or robotic looking figures . the television report also listed 27 very precise points about how the execution will be carried out . apart from the reenactment , the video shows the actual brimob executioners dressed in military fatigues with semi-automatic rifles practicing for the following day 's execution by repeatedly firing at bullseye targets . the australian men are expected to be led from their isolated cells in batu prison through the wildly dense tropical forest up a 3km steep winding track before meeting their demise . chan ( left ) and sukumaran ( right ) will have the choice of standing , sitting or kneeling before they face the firing squad . if necessary their hands or feet will be tied to a 3m high pole or worse still - a wooden execution chair . 1 . convict is given clean , simple , and white clothing before being taken to a place or location of the implementation of the death penalty . 2 . when brought to the place or location of the implementation of the death penalty , the convict can be accompanied by a member of the clergy . 3 . the support team is ready at the appointed place two ( 2 ) hours before the time of execution of the death penalty . 4 . team shooters have been gathered in preparation at the location of the implementation of the death penalty , one ( 1 ) hour prior . 5 . team shooter sets the position and puts the 12 ( twelve ) rifles in front of the pole position of the implementation of the death penalty at a distance of five ( 5 ) meters up to ten ( 10 ) feet and back to the prep area . 6 . execution commander reports his team 's readiness to prosecutors executor by saying ' report execution of the death penalty is ready ' . 7 . execution attorney conducts a final check of death row and the weapons used for the implementation of the death penalty . 8 . after the inspection is completed , the prosecutor orders the executing commander calls out ' execute ' and then repeats the utterance ' execute ' . 9 . the execution commander orders the firing squad commander to fill and lock arms ammunition into twelve ( 12 ) rifles with three ( 3 ) rounds of live ammunition and nine ( 9 ) roundsof blanks . 10 . the prosecutor orders the commander of the execution squad to bring the convicted man to a position shooting and release his handcuffs and tie his hands and feet to a pillar in a standing , sitting , or kneeling position , unless otherwise specified by the prosecutor . 11 . the offender is given a last chance to calm down a maximum of 3 ( three ) minutes , accompanied by a clergy member . 12 . the commander team places a black cloth over the eyes of the convicted man , unless the convict refuses . 13 . doctors place a black mark on the convict 's clothes right over the heart as the place to shoot at . then the doctor withdraws . 14 . the commander reports to the execution prosecutor that the convicted person is ready to receive the death penalty . 15 . the execution prosecutor gives the sign/gesture to the commander to begin immediately implementing the shooting of the convict . 16 . commander provides a sign / gesture to the firing squad commander to bring the firing squad to the front position . 17 . execution commander takes his place in front of the right side facing of the firing squad . 18.the execution commander ensures the firing squad is ready to fire . 19 . the implementing commander draws a sword as a symbol for the firing squad to aim towards the heart of the convict . 20 . the executing commander brandishes the sword forward as a cue to the firing squad to unlock weapons . 21 . the executing commander brings down the sword as a gesture to tell the firing squad to perform simultaneous shooting . 22 . after shooting is finished the executing commander sheaths his sword as a cue to the firing squad to stand their weapons . 23.the executing commander and doctors check the condition of the convicted person and if the doctor thinks that the convict is still showing signs of life , the prosecutor makes an order to the shooting commander . 24 . the executing commander and doctors check the condition of the convicted person and if the convict is still breathing orders that a pistol be put to his temple just above the ear for a final shot . 25 . shooting can be repeated , if according to a doctor 's certificate is still signs of life . 26 . execution of the death penalty is declared finished , if the doctor has stated that there are no more signs of life on the convict . 27 . completion of the firing squad and the shooting commander orders its members to remove the magazine and empty their weapons .