a former college student is suing her school over claims she was n't allowed to audition for the dance team because of her weight . phylise davis-bowens , who attended bethune-cookman university in daytona beach , florida , for their ' transformative leadership ' program at the age of 37 , launched a lawsuit after she alleged she was not allowed to try out for the 14 karat gold dancers . mrs davis-bowens , a substitute public school teacher in miami who married last valentine 's day , told daily mail online on monday that she was discriminated against because of her weight and missed out on part of the academic experience . phylise davis-bowens , 42 , who attended bethune-cookman university in daytona beach , florida , is suing her former college because she was not allowed to try out for the 14 karat gold dancers in 2009 . the 14 karat gold dancers are regular performers at sporting events related to the florida university . the student , who had been dancing since the age of 16 , had wanted to join the dance troupe to use her performance work as part of her thesis in 2009 . band director donovan wells told her she could try out for the team if she lost 20lb , she said . mrs davis-bowens went on to lose 16lb in one month in order to try out but was still denied an audition for the dance troupe . after around a year , she had lost a total of 60lb . she told daily mail online : ' i wanted to join because of my talent but the coach said i did n't have the body type . but to me , i have two arms and two legs which is what i needed . ' the weight discrimination is of particular importance to mrs davis-bowens because she lost her sister at the age of 37 to a gastric bypass because she was obese and felt under pressure to quickly lose weight . the 42-year-old said she also has ongoing health issues from losing weight quickly . according to their facebook page , the 14 karat gold dancers are made up of college students who perform alongside the marching wildcats during college sporting events . in a statement to daily mail online on monday , a university spokeswoman said : 'bethune-cookman university was made aware today that a complaint was filed . ' we are currently investigating this matter . b-cu is an equal opportunity institution and encourage all students to be actively involved in our campus extracurricular offerings . ' ms davis-bowens ' lawyer , david glasser , told daily mail online on monday that his client had brought the lawsuit to make a point about discrimination and was seeking unspecified damages in district court which can award more than $ 15,000 . the 42-year-old graduated from the college in 2011 and went on to teach in the miami-dade public school district . she also claimed that the school did not allow her to attend the graduation ceremony and sent her diploma in the mail . the 42-year-old woman ( left ) said she lost 16lb in a month to try out for the dance troupe but was still denied an audition . she went on to lose 60lb in a year . mrs davis-bowens was seeking unspecified damages after being barred from college dance troupe auditions in 2009 at bethune-cookman university in daytona beach .