the queen is the most powerful piece in chess . but one of the uk’s most well-known grandmasters has angered women by saying they aren’t smart enough to play the game . nigel short , 49 , said women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking . the chess commentator and writer said women should accept they were ‘hard-wired very differently’ and weren’t as adept at playing chess as men . mr short , who was the first english player to play a world chess championship match , made the comments when explaining why there were so few women in competitive chess . nigel short has controversially claimed women were not suited to playing chess because it required logical thinking . but critics immediately pointed out that he lost a high-profile game against a woman grandmaster . he told new in chess magazine : ‘ why should [ men and women ] function in the same way ? ‘ i don’t have the slightest problem in acknowledging that my wife [ rea ] possesses a much higher degree of emotional intelligence than i do . ' likewise , she doesn’t feel embarrassed in asking me to manoeuvre the car out of our narrow garage . ‘ one is not better than the other , we just have different skills . it would be wonderful to see more girls playing chess , and at a higher level , but rather than fretting about inequality , perhaps we should just gracefully accept it as a fact . ’ his comments mirror those of his rival garry kasparov , who infamously said : ‘ women , by their nature , are not exceptional chess players : they are not great fighters . ’ female chess players reacted angrily to mr short’s statements last night . hungarian judit polgar , above , the former women’s world champion , beat nigel short eight classical games to three in total . amanda ross , the leader of the casual chess club in london , told the daily telegraph the comments were ‘ incredibly damaging when someone so respected basically endorses sexism’ . she added : ‘ judit polgar , the former women’s world champion , beat nigel short eight classical games to three in total , with five draws . ‘ she must have brought her man brain . ‘let’s just hope nigel didn’t crash his car on those days , trying to park it . ' at least this resolves the age-old debate as to whether there’s a direct link between chess-playing ability and intelligence . clearly not . ’ mr short responded to miss ross’s comments on twitter , writing : you seem to suffer from incomprehension . ‘ men and women do have different brains . this is a biological fact . ‘ furthermore , i never said women have inferior brains . that is your crude and false attempt to caricature me . ’ less than two per cent of grandmasters are female , but hungarian miss polgar broke into the upper echelons of the game when she became one of the youngest grandmasters of all time at the age of 15 .