liverpool manager brendan rodgers accepts his side can not afford not to turn up in another big game if their top-four ambitions are to survive . prior to the international break the reds ' 13-match unbeaten league run was ended at home to champions league-chasing rivals manchester united , leaving them five points adrift of the qualification places . defeat at third-placed arsenal would be a huge blow to their aspirations of returning to europe 's elite for a second successive season . liverpool manager brendan rodgers has urged his team to perform well in the clash with arsenal on saturday . rodgers knows they must avoid a repeat of the disappointing first-half display against united which led to their defeat . ' we 've made it difficult for ourselves because of our last performance and result , but it 's certainly achievable , ' he said of their top-four chances . ' over the course of the last three months , apart from the last game , we 've performed very well and we have got results . ' i think people might look at it ( the trip to arsenal ) as a must-win game . for me , it is a must-perform game , we want to perform well and we know that when we do that we 've got every chance of winning , whether that 's at home or away . rodgers watches over training as he prepares his side to face arsenal at the emirates on saturday . the liverpool boss addresses his players ahead of the pivotal clash with arsenal in north london . ' we 've had a long two weeks , it 's probably one of the few games where after the international break we 've had to suffer a little bit , because we did n't perform and lost , but there is extra motivation there to get something from the game and that is something that we clearly want to achieve . ' these final eight games are going to be exciting games and there is still every possibility for us to make the top four . ' many see the two sides as being similar in their approach to how they play , particularly in relation to how they like to keep the ball . that was a feature missing in the united game and it cost them dearly and rodgers has spent a fortnight over the international break assessing where it went wrong after enjoying so much success in the previous three months . ' our possession was n't good enough in our last game , ' he added . liverpool captain steven gerrard is suspended having been sent off against manchester united . ' the key for us in the first-half against manchester united was that we did n't keep the ball well enough and , positionally , we were never in position to receive the ball and press the ball . ' we 've talked about that , we 've analysed that and we 've worked on that ; in order for us to maximise how we 've been working we need to keep the ball better and be technically better . ' that 's a huge part of our game , and it 's arsenal 's game . but for us , we 'll go there and tactically we are very clear on the idea of the game and we need to get something from the game , that 's clear . ' but that was the same before we played the manchester united game ; arsenal was a game that we wanted to ensure that we got at least a point from and that will be the case at the weekend . ' daniel sturridge trained on thursday ahead of liverpool 's trip to arsenal in the barclays premier league . ' we 'll be going there looking forward to the game and really motivated to get back to winning again . ' liverpool have been boosted by striker daniel sturridge 's return to training after a hip injury , while fellow england international adam lallana is also expected to be fit after pulling out of roy hodgson 's squad . however , they will be missing centre-back martin skrtel , a virtual ever-present in the league this season , as he begins a three-match suspension alongside captain steven gerrard . 