hector bellerin is fast becoming seen by fans , and possibly even by his manager , as arsenal 's premier right back , after impressing in the absence of mathieu debuchy . the young spaniard scored his second premier league goal , cutting inside and curling left-footed past simon mignolet , in the 4-1 win over liverpool last weekend , and is developing a reputation as a player capable of becoming a top-level full back . but , it seems , in the dressing room , it is his status as the club 's premier sprinter , rather than as a defender , that is most in question , after he beat theo walcott 's 40 metre club sprint record last summer . hector bellerin scored a brilliant goal to put arsenal ahead against liverpool last weekend at the emirates . bellerin has emerged as a star player after filling in for the injured mathieu debuchy at right back this season . ' we were just having a test and then they told me i was the fastest at the club , ' bellerin told the telegraph . ' i did not beat it by that much . there was a bit of banter and he is trying to beat me now . ' bellerin shaved a hundredth of a second off walcott 's time , prompting the 26-year-old winger to vow to reclaim his title at the end of the season . and since then he has gone on to establish himself as a right-back of some promise , progressing well beyond arsene wenger 's expectations . ' i am happy that now , after not so good performances in the beginning , the coach has still put confidence in me and given me minutes . bellerin has exceptional pace , as he proved in august when he set a new arsenal record over 40 metres . theo walcott had previously held the record , but bellerin shaved one hundredth of a second off his time . but walcott is determined to take his record back from bellerin this summer and be speed king again . ' the chances always come through injuries , which is not a nice thing . now we are going to have debuchy back and i am happy for him , but when you get your chance , you need to do the best you can . i have done my best to take this opportunity . ' with debuchy on the verge of match fitness , bellerin will soon find out whether he has done enough to grab that opportunity . but after his brilliant goal at the emirates stadium last weekend , one thing is for certain - he is no longer known just for being quick over 40 metres .