a woman has spoken of her regrets about going under the knife after a turkish surgeon botched her facelift and left her with her ears sewn awkwardly to the side of her face . belinda , 56 , from essex , had hoped the operation would deal with her jowls and says she was looking ' worn out ' ahead of the procedure . but the ' horrendous ' scars produced by the bungling surgeon have left her bereft of confidence and feeling worse than ever before . scroll down for video . belinda , 56 , from essex , admits she wishes she 'd never had a facelift because of the ' horrendous ' scars it left her around her ears - the result of a botched procedure she underwent in turkey ( pictured ) . budget job : belinda , who appears on tonight 's episode of tlc 's extreme beauty disasters ( pictured ) , travelled to turkey to have the facelift because it was cheaper . now belinda is to appear on tlc 's extreme beauty disasters to warn of the dangers of travelling abroad for cut-price surgery - and to see if anything can be done about her botched facelift . plastic surgeon consultant vik vijh commented : ' her scars are really very poor . they 're stretched and they are dragging down her earlobes . ' belinda 's problems began when she noticed she was looking more tired than usual and set about finding a cosmetic solution . in the uk , the average facelift costs £7,900 , so belinda was thrilled when she found a turkish surgeon offering cut-price operations that cost a fraction of the uk equivalent . having already had successful cosmetic procedures in the past , among them breast implants and a tummy tuck , she says she felt positive about the prospect of facelift . her husband agreed at the time , hoping it might ' freshen her up ' , but says , with hindsight , that ' it was one of the worst ideas i 've ever had in my life . ' expert opinion : ' her scars are really very poor , ' admits plastic surgeon consultant vik vijh , who set out to correct the damage by re-doing her facelift . ' they 're stretched and they are dragging down her earlobes ' . mr vijh ( left ) recommends another full face and neck lift to correct the damage , but warns belinda ( right ) she could be risking nerve damage and further scarring . an excited belinda then travelled to turkey for the procedure , where such ' bargains ' are common , checked into an istanbul clinic and went under the knife . initially thrilled with her ' fresh , plumped-out skin ' , doubts began to set in during the healing process . expecting a dramatic change , the healed facelift , says belinda , ' had n't done anything ' - except , much to her horror , leave her with earlobes that had been ' sewn ' to the sides of her face . according to mr vijh , this was due to the surgeon stitching up belinda 's face in the wrong position , resulting in bad scarring that should have been concealed behind her ears , not around them . still , belinda is determined to go ahead , and after a gruelling session on the operating table at the hands of mr vijh ( pictured ) , she comes out smiling . ' we 've lifted her neck , we 've pulled up her face , and got rid of all those scars , ' mr vijh states . pictured , belinda 's ear before ( left ) and after ( right ) the corrective surgery . as a result , another full face and neck lift was required , as well as extra surgery to hide the scarring . belinda , who had been left miserable by her experience , says the new face lift has restored her confidence and left her happier . ' finally i am happy , ' she says . ' my scars have drastically reduced and now i can stop worrying about going out , or about people looking at me from the side . ' extreme beauty disasters starts next tuesday at 8pm on tlc . no more hiding : belinda , pictured before ( left ) and after ( right ) , makes a reappearance on the show once she has healed and looks refreshed and happy with her new and improved appearance . ' finally i am happy , ' says belinda , pictured with her husband . ' my scars have drastically reduced and now i can stop worrying about going out , or about people looking at me from the side ' .