everyone who comes to britain should know how to speak english , labour ed miliband has warned as he admitted labour made mistakes on immigration . the labour leader admitted that in the past his party had been ' too timid ' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language . but the tories said there was nothing in mr miliband 's plans to act to reduce the number of people moving to britain , after net migration hit 298,000 in a year . scroll down for video . ed miliband admitted that in the past his party had been ' too timid ' about making clear that for communities to live together they must use a shared language . mr miliband pledged a new crackdown on illegal exploitation of migrant workers , promising a home office task force to boost prosecutions and fines on bad employers . speaking in wirral west - a marginal seat held by the tory employment minister esther mcvey - the labour leader said exploitation drives low skilled migration and holds down wages for british workers . his new unit of 100 staff will bring together people from the gangmasters licensing authority and specialist police units , together with additional home office enforcement staff . the unit will be empowered to investigate abuse and be challenged to increase prosecutions and fines levelled against employers who break the rules . but he also warned that migrants must learn to speak english , especially in key services like the nhs . mr miliband said : ' our communities are changing fast but we do n't cope with change by closing our doors to each other and living our lives in separate worlds . ' instead we must find a way to live together across communities . ' a britain where people of all backgrounds , all cultures , all religions , can practise their own faiths but also come together to forge a common identity . ' but we can only build this shared society if we speak the same language . ' in his speech in pensby , northern england , mr miliband insisted that there was an ' epidemic of exploitation ' . he said his own parents had learned to speak english after arriving from belgium in 1940 . ' it is why i believe in a simple principle : everyone in britain should know how to speak english . ' sometimes , we 've been too timid about this but it is something we should expect from everyone who comes here . ' and it is especially important that people who work in public services in public facing roles should be required to speak english . ' he said that ' nowhere is that more true ' than in the health service . ' we all know the crucial contribution that people from overseas play in our nhs . doctors , paramedics , social workers , nurses . bringing specialist skills that we need . ' i will never demean or devalue their contribution to our country . ' but it is vital that people who come to fulfil these roles do n't just have the right medical skills , but can communicate with those for whom they care . ' so in the future all healthcare professionals will be required to speak english to a sufficient standard so they can care effectively for patients . ' the labour leader , pictured greeting staff and students at pensby high school , also used the speech to promise labour would do more to secure the borders - with 1,000 extra staff at ports - and help integration . mr miliband told the audience how his ' parents came to britain to flee the horrors of nazi germany ' . he said : ' they found a country that welcomed them and offered them the opportunity to build a new life . to start a family . to work hard and make a contribution . ' i would n't be standing here today , asking you to elect me your prime minister , if it was n't for the generosity of this great country . conservative immigration minister james brokenshire said nothing ed miliband is proposing would help control immigration . ' where we are always stronger when we draw on the widest range of talents , perspectives and cultures . ' but i also know for that to happen , there have to be proper controls on immigration . we have got to have the right rules in place and with a labour government we will . ' he went on : ' i 've been very clear about the mistakes the last labour government made . ' we were wrong not to ensure there were maximum transitional controls when new countries joined the european union in 2004 . ' and the reason we were wrong is that working people were seeing dramatic changes in their communities that were not planned or properly prepared for . ' and we wo n't make that mistake in future . ' conservative immigration minister james brokenshire said : ' nothing ed miliband is proposing would help control immigration . labour sent out ' search parties for people ' and under them net migration increased more than five-fold . ' since 2010 , we have stripped more than 850 bogus colleges of their rights to sponsor foreign students , cracked down on illegal working and sham marriages , made it harder for people to live in the uk illegally , and reduced the number of appeal routes to stop spurious attempts to remain in the country . ' and the next conservative government will seek changes to the operation of european free movement rules as a key part of our plan to renegotiate britain 's relationship with the eu . ' but a vote for ed miliband would risk all of that with a labour-snp stitch up . '   