chelsea are set to be without star striker diego costa for sunday 's trip to arsenal after he failed to recover in time from a hamstring injury . blues manager jose mourinho said on friday that he would make a late decision on costa’s fitness , but his leading scorer is not in a condition to play at the emirates stadium . costa suffered the latest in a string of hamstring injuries against stoke city three weeks ago but chelsea are wary of risking him while they hold a comfortable lead in the barclays premier league . costa has not featured for chelsea since going off injured against stoke on april 4 . costa is not even likely to be named on the bench for chelsea at the emirates on sunday . the spain striker is unlikely to even make the bench for sunday’s top-of-the-table clash and he could also miss the potential title clincher at leicester city on wednesday night . mourinho confessed on friday that loic remy was not ready to return from an injury suffered in training two weeks ago , leaving didier drogba as the only senior striker available to him . the chelsea manager had hoped that costa would be able to train with the rest of the squad this week but his participation has been limited by his injury . chelsea’s 17-year-old forward dominic solanke – who has played just 17 minutes for the first team - will deputise on the bench . loic remy is also out of the match leaving didier drogba as chelsea 's only fit senior striker . the young hitman has scored 35 goals at youth level this season but was left out of the under 21 side’s 3-0 win over everton on thursday . ‘ didier for sure is fine , remy is out for sure and with diego we will make a decision tomorrow , ’ mourinho said on friday . ‘ diego is a very important player for us but the reality is we are coping with the difficulty of every match without him . chelsea 's 17-year-old striker dominic solanke ( centre ) is set to be named on the bench . ‘ the team is adapting to play in a different way . in the last period we are more strategic and less artistic but we are getting results . ’ chelsea are 10 points clear in the premier league title race and wins against arsenal and leicester would see them crowned champions before the end of april . costa has been sidelined four times this season with his hamstrings , which also gave him trouble at the tail end of his last campaign with atletico madrid .