manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for alvaro negredo to fund a move for radamel falcao . negredo joined valencia on loan last summer and the agreement included a compulsory purchase clause that triggered a permanent move to the mestalla as soon as he played for the la liga club . reports in spain on thursday suggested that valencia are having second thoughts about keeping negredo next season , but city are adamant that the deal will go through as planned . video scroll down to see negredo practice his rabonas . manchester city will resist any attempt by valencia to pull out of a £24million deal for alvaro negredo . negredo did n't celebrate after scoring against levante on monday , sparking speculation about his future . there had been suggestions that valencia were trying to finance a deal for radamel falcao . the 29-year-old striker scored 23 goals in his first season at the etihad following a £20.6m move from sevilla , but he has only found the net five times for valencia . when he scored in monday’s 3-0 win over levante , the spain striker refused to celebrate , fuelling speculation over his future at the club . victory kept valencia in fourth place in la liga and on course to qualify for the champions league , but financial problems mean they are already struggling to hold onto key players like defender nicolas otamendi . it has not stopped valencia being linked with a summer move for falcao who is set to leave manchester united at the end of his season-long loan from monaco . falcao’s agent jorge mendes has been acting as an advisor to valencia owner peter lim , and offloading negredo was seen as one way of affording the colombia star . meanwhile , city had scouts watching fc porto’s surprise 3-1 champions league win over bayern munich on wednesday night , with the home team’s brazilian left-back alex sandro said to be the main focus of interest . manchester city scouts were deployed to watch porto full back alex sandro ( right ) this week . 