a florida woman who fled with her 4-year-old son to keep his circumcision from going forward has filed a civil rights lawsuit on behalf of the boy . heather hironimus , who filed the complaint late monday , is hoping a federal judge might intervene where state judges have n't . the complaint is repeating her claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son is n't necessary , that the boy does n't want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated . aside from seeking to stop the procedure , hironimus is trying to avoid her own arrest . her arrest was ordered after she fled in february and ignored a judge 's demand that she appear in court and allow the circumcision to go forward . mother : heather hironimus fled with her son despite a judge 's order to appear in court and to allow the circumcision favored by the child 's father , dennis nebus , to go forward . father : dennis nebus right , sits in court with his lawyers may cain and william snihur , jr. , in a continuing legal battle with hironimus over circumcision ( march 10 , 2015 file photo ) . hironimus and the boy 's father , dennis nebus , have been warring since her pregnancy . they were never married but share custody of their child . in a parenting agreement filed in court , the two agreed to the boy 's circumcision . hironimus later changed her mind , giving way to a long court battle . circuit and appellate judges have sided with nebus , but potential surgeons have backed out after failing to get the mother 's consent and becoming the target of anti-circumcision protesters . though circumcision remains popular in judeo-christian tradition , religion had not been a driver in seeking the cutting of the boy 's foreskin in this case . nebus called it ' just the normal thing to do . ' supporters of heather hironiumus , anthony mollical and zeresh altork , gather outside of the south county courthouse in delray beach where hironiumus was meant to appear with her child ( march 10 , 2015 file photo ) . fight : supporters backing heather hironimus are seen outside a courthouse on march 10 . in the new filing , though , hironimus tries to use the child 's faith as a defense against the surgery , saying he is a christian and citing new testament passages to bolster her case that the practice is discouraged by their beliefs . both parents have been under a gag order since december . hironimus ' attorney , thomas hunker , told the associated press that he could n't reveal where his client was , but that she was fighting on behalf of a child who is frightened by the idea of undergoing surgery . given the boy 's age and the fact that he has voiced his own opposition to circumcision , hunker said , the procedure could be particularly scarring . ' this could have a profound negative impact , a long-lasting if not permanent negative impact , on the child 's psychological condition , ' he said tuesday . hunker did not return a message seeking comment from daily mail online . attorneys representing nebus declined to comment to daily mail online , citing the order . an attorney for nebus did not return a call seeking comment from the associated press . circumcision rates have fallen in the u.s. , but a majority of boys still undergo the procedure . meantime , a bubbling movement of so-called anti-circumcision ' intactivists ' has made the case a rallying cry against a surgery they view as barbaric .