kate winslet was a vision in blue at a london film premiere this week . her stunning body-con dress ( top ) had clearly been made to measure by stella mccartney . but my , what big feet — and big leopard-print stilettos — she has ! at 5 ft 7 in , the 39-year-old oscar-winner is certainly no towering amazon , but nonetheless she commands an out-of-the-ordinary uk size-nine shoe . kate is endearingly frank on the subject , telling interviewers that titanic co-star leonardo dicaprio found the size of her feet hilarious : ‘i’d put my foot up and he’d fall about laughing because my feet are exactly the same size as his and he’s 6 ft 1 in . he’d refer to them as my canoes ! ’ the average shoe size in the uk has risen from a dainty 4½ in 1900 to a roomy six today . but fascinatingly , just like kate , lots of stars from elle macpherson to gwyneth paltrow all have surprisingly huge feet , as we reveal here . titanic feet : at 5ft 7in , the 39-year-old oscar-winning actress , who loves a strappy stiletto , wears a roomy size-nine shoe . bigfoot : kate winslet has revealed that her co-star leonardo dicaprio referred to her feet as ' my canoes ' .  jerry hall size : 8 ( us 10 ) . elle macpherson size : 9.5 ( us : 12 ) . katie holmes size : 8 ( us : 11 ) .  the tall texan , 58 , is famous for her long legs and hanging onto mick jagger for 21 years . she said : ‘ i have big feet , and they keep you firmly on the ground . ’ the aussie supermodel , 51 , is also a canny businesswoman . she markets her own brand of foot spa — perfect for feet of all sizes , not just elle’s sizeable twelves . even at 5 ft 9in , katie towered over her pint-sized former husband , tom cruise . the 36-year-old actress does have large feet for her height - size 8 .  scarlett johansson size : 7 ( us : 9.5 ) sandra bullock size : 7.5 ( us : 10 ) . gwyneth paltrow size : 8 ( us : 11 ) .  she’s only 5 ft 3 in , but scarlett , 30 , has feet larger than the average woman . the star admitted : ‘ i like my feet — i think they’re cute . ’ america’s sweetheart , 50 , hasn’t confirmed her shoe size , but is said to wear 7.5 despite being only 5 ft 6 in . they certainly look big — and match her large hands . gwynnie , 42 , is known for her love of toweringly high heels — michael kors , brian atwood and giuseppe zanotti . her size eights seem large on her 5 ft 7 inframe .  angelina jolie size : 6.5 ( us : 9 ) . uma thurman size : 8 ( us : 11 ) . cate blanchett size : 6 ( us : 9 ) .  her size nines were derided as ‘weird’ and ‘gigantic’ after jolie , 39 , appeared barefoot in a louis vuitton campaign . at 5 ft 7in , her tiny figure emphasises her shoe size . uma , 44 , is a modest 5 ft 11in . she says : ‘i’ve always felt too tall , with big feet . ’ quentin tarantino disagreed , and insisted on close-ups of her size eight feet in pulp fiction and kill bill . at 5 ft 9 in , cate , 45 , struggles to walk in her shoes at times — shedding her givenchys at a press conference , revealing bunions and red , pinched toes . 