a bat suffering from arthritis has found an unusual cure for his pain by sipping on a mug of tea . walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat , from sydney , picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner 's cup of tetley 's tea . the bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks , sipping on tea and eating snacks . scroll down for video . walter the bat ( pictured ) who is suffering from arthritis has found an unusual cure for his pain by sipping on a mug of tea . however , while walter may prefer a mug of tea instead of a mug of blood , he drinks only purpose-made tea . since walter acquired the unusual taste , all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage , which has been nicknamed ' a hug in a cup ' . aviary owner mandi griffith said she makes two cups of tea in the morning , one for her and one for her bats . ' now i love my bats , but not so much that i left them slobber in my cuppa , ' she said . ' to keep everybody happy , i 'd make myself a morning tea , and a second one for the bats . walter the 22-year-old grey-headed flying fox bat , from sydney , picked up his bizarre taste after sneaking a slurp out of his owner 's cup of tetley 's tea . mandi said walter lives a life of leisure and likes to flap around in her hand in the sun , pretending he can fly . ' while he can hang as a normal bat would , his arthritic limbs are suited to a soft hammock so he totters around the aviary from one hammock to another , snacking on treats on the way , ' mandi said . ' he also sits on my hand and i walk him around the garden so he can flap his wings in the sun and pretend he 's flying . ' walter 's owner said he is a ' gentle soul ' and was handed to her so he could live out his final years in ' gentle retirement with other bats in a similar circumstance . ' since walter acquired the unusual taste , all of the other 25 bats in his aviary have also began drinking the beverage , which has been nicknamed ' a hug in a cup ' . a video of walter sipping from a cup of tea , posted by fellow bat-loving aviary volunteer megan churches , has garnered over 10,000 views after being posted online at the beginning of march . ' walter does n't get tea every day but he likes it . he 's old . it ca n't hurt him to have something he loves - so he gets it whenever , ' 58-year-old megan said . megan said she likes to record the day to day activities of the bats in the aviary and has a lot of fun with the flying creatures . ' today , one of the bats grabbed my sunglasses , had a munch on them and played with them before fending off another bat who wanted them , then they both dropped them on the floor of the aviary , ' she said . the bat has been grounded by the debilitating disease and spends his time lying around in hammocks , sipping on tea and eating snacks . ' that 's the stuff i like to record . ' grey-headed flying foxes are one of four species of flying fox native to the east coast of australia . they are classified as threatened as their numbers have dwindled dramatically due to deforestation .