arsenal manager arsene wenger does not know the exact reason alexis sanchez chose the emirates stadium over anfield - but he is glad the chile forward will be lining up for his side rather than against them for liverpool on saturday . sanchez had his selection of clubs once barcelona had decided to let him leave , and following the world cup , the 26-year-old was convinced to continue his career under wenger 's expert guidance , going on to make an instant impression in english football . the french coach , however , admits the possibility liverpool could use their interest in sanchez as leverage during negotiations over luis suarez 's move to the nou camp last summer was always on the cards . alexis sanchez was courted by a number of elite clubs last summer but eventually chose arsenal . sanchez has made an instant impact in english football and has scored 19 goals so far this season . arsenal boss arsene wenger ( right ) is delighted that sanchez decided to join the north london club . ' at the end of the day , only sanchez can explain to you why he has chosen us . i do n't know why he did that , but we are happy that he made that decision , ' said wenger of the £32million chile forward , who has netted 19 goals so far . ' i was ( aware of liverpool 's interest ) , but you never know if it is really true , but i thought it could be because of the interest in suarez ( from barcelona ) . ' in the negotiations , yes , it is a strength - and it makes sense , an exchange and some money for liverpool . ' wenger believes the way sanchez has adapted so quickly to a change in environment proves he is one of the best around . ' if you look at the qualities , efficiency , work-rate , fighting spirit - ( he is at the ) top , ' the arsenal boss added . ' when it ( the game ) becomes flat , he can revitalise the strengths and dynamics of the team and the supporters . ' ahead of the key barclays premier league clash , wenger was keen to play down any talk of a potential summer transfer move for liverpool forward raheem sterling , who has so far rejected a new contract offer . despite the reds having lost to manchester united before the international break to dent hopes of another top-four finish , wenger has been impressed by the way brendan rodgers has developed his team following the sale of suarez and injury to striker daniel sturridge . ' he has done very well . i think he found a solution at the right time , ' the arsenal manager said . ' they did well last season too , they scored over 100 goals in the premier league , which is absolutely fantastic . ' wenger has moved to play down speculation linking him with liverpool winger raheem sterling .   