after experiencing major devastation and loss of life in the april 25 earthquake , nepal was left with an unsavoury taste in its mouth after receiving packets of ‘ beef masala’ as part of the relief package from pakistan . since the majority-hindu country treats cows as sacred and there is a blanket ban on slaughtering the animal , the development has the potential to trigger diplomatic acrimony between the south asian association for regional cooperation ( saarc ) member countries . indian doctors at kathmandu’s bir hospital told mail today that packets of ‘ beef masala’ were sent by pakistan on tuesday as part of relief aid to the temblor survivors . these doctors – drawn from ram manohar lohia ( rml ) hospital , safdarjung hospital and all india institute of medical sciences ( aiims ) — are members of a 34-member medical team sent to nepal for treating the survivors . “ when we reached the airport to collect the food items from pakistan , we found packets of ready-to-eat meals , including packets of ‘ beef masala’ . there were other food items too , ” dr balwinder singh told mail today . perplexed , the doctors chose to have food from a hotel instead . “ we did not touch the pakistani aid , ” dr singh said . “ most of the local people are not aware of the contents . when they understand , they avoid it , ” said another doctor on the condition of anonymity . he added : “ pakistan has hurt nepal’s religious sentiments by supplying the masala . shockingly , it did not care about the sensitivity of the matter . ” pakistani soldiers load relief supplies for nepal . exclusive photographs of the ‘ beef masala’ packets supplied to nepal are with mail today . these pictures clearly show that the place of origin of these packets was nowshera cantt in pakistan . these packets also prominently mention that these are not for sale and the contents include ‘ potato bhujia’ and ‘ beef masala’ . a top nepal government official said : “ the matter has been conveyed to prime minister sushil koirala and the intelligence chief . we are also starting an internal inquiry to verify the facts . if the report is correct , we will raise the matter at the diplomatic level with pakistan . india , being our key partner , will also be informed of the developments . ” tasneem aslam , spokesperson for pakistan’s ministry of foreign affairs , told mail today : “ i am not aware of the issue…i am not responsible for the dispatch . the relief aid is sent by the national disaster management authority . ” nepalese soldiers stand next to wrecked buildings at durbar square . a press note uploaded on the website of national disaster management authority ( ndma ) , pakistan ( http : //www.ndma.gov.pk/new/ ) , states : “ ( the ) national disaster management authority has dispatched the second of two sorties of c-130 aircrafts on april 28 in collaboration with pakistan army , ministry of foreign affairs and pakistan air force . the relief goods include 250 tents , 200 food packs ( 2.6 tonne ) , 1,000 meals ready to eat ( mres ) , 1,000 blankets and 33 cartons of medicines . these relief goods have been provided from ndma stocks… . ” despite repeated attempts , the officials of the pakistan ndma could not be contacted . the food items have been manufactured by pana force foods . the consignment was supplied after receiving orders from pakistan’s ndma . “ pana force food processing centre aims at providing quality goods at affordable prices . currently , the company is supplying two brands of products to pakistan army commonly known as meal ready to eat ( mre ) and emergency pack ration ( ep ration or high-energy biscuits ) whereas a plant for the production of dehydrated vegetables and fruits is under construction , ” the official website of pana force foods mentions . the website also states that the processing centre provides food to civil population during natural calamities , like earthquakes and floods . according to hindu belief , eating beef is a religious offence since the cow is a sacred animal and treated on a par with one’s mother . in nepal — for long the world’s only hindu state — the first royal order officially prohibiting cow slaughter stated that the punishments for the crime were death and confiscation of all property of the offender . the first civil code of nepal , the muluki ain of 1854 , stated : “ this kingdom is the only kingdom in the world where cows , women , and brahmins may not be killed . ” it trumpeted nepal as the ‘ purest hindu kingdom’ and simultaneously signaled to nepalese citizens that hindu religious creeds would be the law of the land . but an amendment in 1990 to the civil code made cow slaughter punishable by 12 years in prison . delhi high court raises alarm over illegal buildings . by mail today in new delhi . municipal authorities in delhi received a rap from the delhi high court on wednesday over the numerous illegal buildings across the city . days after the killer earthquake in nepal , the delhi high court on wednesday said unauthorised constructions and colonies in the city are disasters waiting to happen . a bench of justices badar durrez ahmed and sanjeev sachdeva observed that if an earthquake hits delhi like the one in nepal , all the unauthorised buildings constructed without following regulations , will crumble . it also said each government has been extending the date till which illegal constructions are protected from punitive action as it is looking for votes . “ if people die , then who will vote ? ” the court asked . “ they are disasters waiting to happen . are you ( municipal corporations ) taking strict action ? are you coming out with an action plan ? ” the bench questioned while hearing a batch of petitions on unauthorised constructions in the city . in response , the civic agency said it was coming out with an action plan . the court , thereafter , said it will take up the matter of seismic viability of structures in the national capital in some other appropriate matter . uk aid team in security breach at delhi airport . by ankur sharma in new delhi . it has come to light that a rescue team which arrived from the united kingdom on monday for operations in earthquake-hit nepal , violated the safety norms of the delhi igi airport . the team allegedly waited in front of an aircraft at the ‘ apron area’ of the airport for about six hours before they could fly to kathmandu . according to the members of the british rescue team , after waiting for all those hours , they were accommodated in a flight of the spanish air force . members of the british rescue team headed to nepal posted photos of themselves waiting at igi airport on twitter . according to a senior civil aviation official , it was a case of gross violation of safety rules . the dgca can take action against the agencies that were responsible for the violation . “ dgca had earlier punished various airlines for committing such a violation . this particular british team had dogs with them and they were in front of the aircraft for six hours . it’s scary , ” a senior dgca official said after seeing the photographs of the group that were posted by a rescue team member on twitter . an immigration official said the british group comprised 15-20 personnel from the uk fire and rescue team . they reached delhi igi airport around 5.30pm on monday . but due to weather and other clearance issues , they were asked to wait at the airport . “ the team didn’t have proper clearances . india keeps a watch on every unit and aircraft flying to kathmandu through delhi . airport officials asked them to wait but instead of going to the terminal building , these rescue team members waited in front of the nosewheel of an aircraft , ” a senior airport official told mail today . later , when the indian agencies told them that the weather in kathmandu was not favourable and it was packed with aircraft , the british rescue team members arranged their materials on their own , the official said . after almost an hour they managed to convince the spanish air force officials , who agreed to fly these british rescue team members to kathmandu . “ even then , the rescue team members didn’t go inside the airport . no security official asked them to move from there . they remained there for more than three hours , ” a senior immigration official said . “ they had equipment which needed to be checked by various agencies . also , they didn’t take proper permission due to which they were asked to wait . but , they ignored all security rules and stayed there in front of an aircraft , ” a senior airport official said . according to a senior official of the ministry of civil aviation : “ no one is allowed to wait in front of an aircraft . even the passengers are not allowed to put their baggage near to the plane . ” the team reportedly left delhi around 12 midnight and reached kathmandu around 2am .