for many years carbohydrates such as white bread and pasta have been seen as the enemy for anyone trying to keep their waistline slim . but doctors are concerned with the increasing trend that 's seeing people cut whole food groups out of their diets , especially healthier options like wholegrains . as revealed by the daily mail on tuesday , experts warn that shunning an entire food group is unsustainable , can damage one 's relationship with food and could be doing more harm than good . australian dietician and nutritionist susie burrell agrees with the research that points to white bread and heavily processed carbohydrates as contributors for weight gain , but says this is no reason to cut all carbs out completely . scroll down for video . carbs are back : doctors have warned against people cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates . 1 . tip top 9 grain . calories : 184 . carbs : 26g . fibre : 4.8g sodium : 296mg . 2 . helga’s lower carb . calories : 196 . carbs : 19g . fibre : 5.4g . sodium : 280mg . 3 . barleymax wrap . calories : 104 . carbs : 10.6g . firbe : 10.4g . sodium : 121mg . 4 . baker’s delight cape seed . calories : 269 . carbs : 25.1g . fibre : 7.6g . sodium : 265mg . 5 . burgen soy lin . calories : 200 . carbs : 26.1g . fibre : 5.9g . sodium : 370mg .  measurements are based on two slices of bread . 1 . lawsons white . calories : 302 . carbs : 53g . fibre : 3.4g . sodium : 513 . 2 . turkish . calories : 808 . carbs : 111g . fibre : 6.3g . sodium : 1900mg . 3 . white sourdough . calories : 244 . carbs : 45g . fibre : 2.7g . sodium : 600mg . 4 . high fibre white bread . calories : 172 . carbs : 30g . fibre : 6.1g . sodium : 296mg . 5 . lebanese bread . calories : 275 . carbs : 53g . fibre : 3.0g . sodium : 451mg .  measurements are based on two slices of bread . ' bread has been a dietary staple for thousands of years , and the more advanced technology has become , so too the more processed our bread , resulting in the soft , almost sticky common white loaf many families base a number of meals around each day , ' she told daily mail australia . ' bread , white or otherwise is a rich source of b group vitamins which are crucial for energy production , and hence bread remains a major contributor to energy and the running of energy systems in the body . ' less processed varieties of bread also offer a range of other nutrients including dietary fibre , vitamin e , zinc ; iron and long chain unsaturated fats , which is generally why loaves of grain based bread contain more fat than white bread , ' she added . the nutritionist said there is a distinct difference in the nutritional value of white and grain bread , there 's also a disparity in the glycaemic index ( gi ) . the best : tip top 9 grain ( right ) and helga 's lower carb ( right ) came highly recommended from susie burrell . ' as white , wholemeal and flat breads have all had the grains ground down in their processing , they have a relatively high gi compared to wholegrain bread , meaning that they release glucose into the bloodstream much more quickly than wholegrain breads , ' ms burrell said . ' over time , this means that choosing processed breads as a dietary staple will be resulting in regular glucose peaks and troughs , and subsequent insulin release . ' high insulin levels over time are related to weight gain and increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes , ' she added . this comes as experts in the uk have warned of the long-term effects of completely cutting out one food group from your daily diet . in light of this the diet guru has compiled a list of the five most nutritious , and five worst breads australian consumers can buy . barleymax wraps also rated highly on the australian nutritionist 's list , coming in third in her top five . baker 's delight cape seed loaf ( left ) was given the nod by the nutritionist , as was burgen 's soy lin ( right ) . ' one of the most commonly asked questions in relation to bread choice is whether ‘wholemeal’ is a good choice . while whole meal bread does contain more dietary fibre than standard white bread , it is still a high gi choice , ' ms burrell revealed . swap it : australian nutritionist susie burrell says while too many processed carbohydrates can be bad , people should n't generally be eliminating them entirely but instead looking at healthier options . she said turkish breads can be one of the worst as people tend to eat it in higher quantities and fill the holes with butter or margarine . ' the average adult will need just 2-4 slices of bread each day and be mindful of the increasing sizes , ' the nutritionist warned . ' some large , thick slices of bread can contain up to double the amount of carbohydrates and are really not necessary for the majority of us who would ultimately like to drop a few extra kilograms . ' as many australians eat bread on a daily basis , it is imperative that our choice of bread is gold standard , and this means grain bread , ' she added . ms burrell also warned parents to be cautious of the bread they 're serving their children , as they will learn what they know . ' if you continue to buy white bread , they will continue to eat it , and it is not the best choice nutritionally for their health long term , ' she said . while it 's widely accepted that processed carbohydrates , such as white bread and pasta , can contribute to weight gain and its associated diseases , doctors are increasingly concerned about a trend for excluding all carbs - even healthier wholegrains , where the grain is left intact and not processed . people who do this could suffer from a lack of energy , mood swings , poor concentration and gut problems - and may even put on weight . those who shun carbs say they are bad for us because they convert into sugar in the body , and can cause weight gain because we store excess sugar as fat . lawson white bread was named as the worst nutritionally , due to its high calorie and sodium counts . lebanese bread ( left ) and turkish bread ( right ) were also listed unfavourably by ms burrell . but while many experts agree that overweight people often do eat too many carbs , they also say that these foods have been unfairly demonised . ' carbs are seen by many as the `` devil '' food , but any dietitian will tell you they are an essential part of a healthy , balanced diet - the general guidance is they should make up a third of our intake , ' says helen bond , spokesperson for the british dietetic association . ' they are a ready source of fuel for the body . cutting them out can cause headaches , tiredness and lethargy . ' you wo n't be able to perform so well during exercise and concentration is likely to be affected , too , because carbohydrates also fuel the brain . ' she adds that where people go wrong is in treating all carbs as the same .  burgen soya & linseed bread . calories : 111kcal . carbs : 12g . fibre : 4.1g . sodium : 0.13g . sainsbury 's taste the difference thickly sliced wholemeal multi seeded batch loaf . cals : 116kcal . carbs:14.8g . fat : 1.5g . sodium : n/a . biona organic rye bread amaranth/quinoa wheat free bread ( per 100g ) . calories : 195kcal . carbs:34.2g . fibre:10.1g . sodium:0.98g . marks & spencer spelt , honey & sunflower ( per 100g ) . calories : 298 . carbs : 35.8g . fibre:7.3g . sodium:0.39g . white sourdough . calories : 244 . carbs : 45g . fibre : 2.7g . sodium : 0.6g . asda country miller rye & sunflower bloomer . calories : 137kcal . carbs : 19.2g . fibre:3.2g . sodium:0.36g . cranks proper organic seeded farmhouse bread ( per 100g ) . calories : 247kcal . carbs : 39.9g . fibre : 6.9g . sodium : 0.8g . weight watchers thick sliced grained loaf . cals : 75kcal . carbs:14.1g . fiber:1.3g . sodium:0.3g . waitrose farmhouse batch sliced bread . calories : 99kcal . carbs:16.8g . fibre:3.7g . sodium:0.20g . hovis nimble sliced wholewheat loaf . calories : 51kcal . carbs:8.1g . fibre:1.5g . sodium:0.20g . turkish bread . calories : 808 . carbs : 111g . fibre : 6.3g . sodium : 1.9g . lebanese bread . calories : 275 . carbs : 53g . fibre : 3.0g . sodium : 0.45g . measurements are based on per slice except where stated otherwise .