facebook has come under fire after removing a video that shows aboriginal women in a traditional ceremony because they were topless . the social media site deemed the clip , which shows two elderly women painted in ochre in a trailer for upcoming abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio , as containing ' potentially offensive nudity ' . the video had already had 30,000 hits when it was removed after three days on sunday . when the makers of the alice springs-based six part comedy tv series for abc1 posted that facebook had taken the clip off their page , fans commented that it was ' outrageous ' and ' ridiculous ' . scroll down for video . the trailer for abc tv show 8mmm aboriginal radio , which includes two aboriginal women painted in ochre , was deemed offensive by facebook . miranda skerman wrote : ' there 's not enough room in the entirety of facebook for me to adequately explain how i feel about this . so i 'm just going to think about all the ridiculous half naked , tacky lingerie-clad girls posting selfies that facebook is apparently okay with and laugh . ' mary-ann marshall called it a : ' typical misapplication of standards . ' the show 's co-creator rachel clements told the sydney morning herald : ' i 've moved from anger to disappointment to just bewilderment , really , ' clements said . ' i just think it 's silly and disrespectful to the women who were dancing for us . ' out of all the reasons we could have been pulled , nudity is not high on the list . it 's ridiculous . ' on 12 april , clements reposted the video on the 8mmm aboriginal radio facebook page . on 12 april , the show 's creators reposted the video on the 8mmm aboriginal radio facebook page and encouraged people to share it . the show 's co-creator rachel clements called facebook 's decision to remove the trailer ' silly and disrespectful to the women who were dancing for us ' . ' the 8mmm trailer 's back up ! check it out and share if you can , while you still can ! , ' she wrote . aboriginal actress patricia morton-thomas , who co-created the comedy show about a radio station in constant plight ' where black and white mingle ' , told 105.7 abc darwin : ' i just do n't understand how mothers breastfeeding or dancing ceremonially [ can be ] offensive . ' the 2.36 minute long clip also shows a white man accidentally shooting an aboriginal man with a dart while hunting and the white australians who have come to work at the radio station in alice springs are labelled ' missionaries , mercenaries and misfits ' . ' alice springs-based aboriginal radio station 8mmm has been infiltrated by… well-meaning whitefellas who will save your soul , steal your assets and usurp your culture , all in the name of helping you out , ' the blurb for the comedy show reads . aboriginal actress patricia morton-thomas , who co-created the comedy show about a radio station in constant plight , was also confused about how women ' dancing ceremonially can be offensive ' . characters in the abc tv show jetro ( tommy ) and gideon ( hamilton ) are seen during filming . ' saving aboriginal people from themselves is hard work , but ' closing the gap ' has never been funnier , ' it adds . the show will first air on 9:30pm on april 29 , 2015 . in march , facebook posted a blog explaining their community standards . monika bickert , the company’s head of global policy management , said : ‘it’s a challenge to maintain one set of standards that meets the needs of a diverse global community . ’ ‘ for one thing , people from different backgrounds may have different ideas about what’s appropriate to share — a video posted as a joke by one person might be upsetting to someone else , but it may not violate our standards , ’ she added . the nudity section of facebook’s community standards says : ‘ we restrict the display of nudity because some audiences within our global community may be sensitive to this type of content – particularly because of their cultural background or age . the comedy is about an alice springs-based aboriginal radio station 8mmm where black and ' whitefella ' work . the 2.36 minute long clip also shows a white man accidentally shooting an aboriginal man with a dart while hunting . ' saving aboriginal people from themselves is hard work , but ' closing the gap ' has never been funnier , ' the comedy show 's blurb reads . ' in order to treat people fairly and respond to reports quickly , it is essential that we have policies in place that our global teams can apply uniformly and easily when reviewing content . as a result , our policies can sometimes be more blunt than we would like and restrict content shared for legitimate purposes . we are always working to get better at evaluating this content and enforcing our standards . ’ facebook explains : ‘ we remove photographs of people displaying genitals or focusing in on fully exposed buttocks . we also restrict some images of female breasts if they include the nipple , but we always allow photos of women actively engaged in breastfeeding or showing breasts with post-mastectomy scarring . ' we also allow photographs of paintings , sculptures and other art that depicts nude figures . restrictions on the display of both nudity and sexual activity also apply to digitally created content unless the content is posted for educational , humorous or satirical purposes . explicit images of sexual intercourse are prohibited . descriptions of sexual acts that go into vivid detail may also be removed . ’  