jose mourinho resisted the temptation until someone mentioned defending . arsene wenger had been talking about how it was easier to set up a team designed primarily to defend , just as brendan rodgers had ventured after chelsea’s victory at liverpool , last year . ‘it’s not easy , not easy , ’ said mourinho . ‘ if it was easy , you wouldn’t lose 3-1 at home to monaco . if he defends well he draws 0-0 against monaco and wins in monte carlo . it’s not easy to defend . ’ jose mourinho hit back at arsene wenger during his pre-match press conference on friday . arsene wenger ( left ) and mourinho have over a decade of history in the premier league . arsene wenger will be sick of the sight of didier drogba . he has scored 13 times for chelsea against arsenal , averaging a goal every 87 minutes . monaco , ouch . mourinho is not afraid to hit where it hurts . arsenal have been brilliant since the turn of the year , but they were downright awful at home to monaco . they conceded three and they crashed out of the champions league . it was a blemish to support the theory that arsenal are fine until the pressure is on . when chelsea crashed out of europe they were , as usual , snarling and disputing every decision . ‘ maybe you will discover the chelsea team are completely offensive and we are defensive for 90 minutes , ’ said wenger , resorting to sarcasm as he assessed the clash at the emirates on sunday . ‘ our job is to win football games and that’s what they’ve done in recent games . what’s important for me is to do what it takes to win the game . it’s easy to defend , if we have to defend then we will defend . ’ it is the issue at the heart of this ideological clash . on one side wenger , committed to the romance of attractive football . on the other mourinho , doing what it takes to win even if it proves ugly , stacking up the trophies . beat arsenal and leicester , on wednesday , and he will clinch the title . arsenal lost 3-1 to monaco in the champions league - a result which mourinho mentioned to the media . prince albert of monaco celebrates with the away fans after the full-time whistle at the emirates . wenger looks dejected as he stands on the touchline during the gunners ' champions league defeat . the challenge for wenger is next season . can he produce a team fit to fight for the title once again ? ‘ we have played amazingly well for most of the season , ’ said mourinho . ‘ in the last period we have been more strategic and less artistic because we had injuries and suspensions and lost the balance of our team . ‘ but we are having results . it is a great feeling to deal with the difficult moment in a strategic way . when you are lost at sea and you have no boat , you must survive . you build a raft . ’ diego costa’s injuries and suspensions were chelsea’s shipwreck . without his muscular spearhead , the balance was lost and it is three months since his team won by more than one goal . still they win , taking six points from their last two games — against qpr and manchester united — while recording a total of only three shots on target . they are , as wenger says , efficient . ‘ we are top since day one , ’ said mourinho . ‘ we are second in terms of goals scored . we are second best for goals conceded , the team with fewest defeats . chelsea forward eden hazard ( second from left ) scores against manchester united last time out . hazard scored the only goal of the game against united to take chelsea a step closer to the league title . a tv camera gets a close-up of the goalscorer as hazard celebrates with didier drogba at stamford bridge . ‘ we have some of the best goals of the season , not individual action or shots like charlie adam’s from midfield , but spectacular team goals . ‘ so , if we win the premier league , we did everything right . it will be a great achievement . looking at where chelsea were in the last four or five years , it means a lot . ’ it will be the first title in five years at stamford bridge . arsenal have not won it since 2004 , the year of wenger’s invincibles and the year mourinho first swept into london claiming to be the special one . since then , two famous clubs have been soaked in the contrasting views of two men . arsenal are wenger , after more than 18 years of his leadership , and chelsea have been mourinho for more than a decade — even during his six-year absence . mourinho ( right ) and wenger have had plenty of touchline battles during their managerial careers . the pair rarely miss the chance to damn with faint praise or hurl a snide remark across the capital . arsenal 's emmanuel eboue is restrained by chelsea boss mourinho during the 2007 league cup final . they rarely miss the chance to damn with faint praise or hurl a snide remark across the capital . for many years , wenger pursued chelsea for ‘ financial doping’ and , more recently , their tactical style , while mourinho gorged on arsenal’s nine years with neither a trophy nor a managerial change . mourinho has never lost to wenger , a record which clearly eats away at the frenchman , who exploded on the touchline at stamford bridge , in october , and shoved the chelsea manager in the chest . there has been no apology . ‘ no , but i don’t need that , ’ shrugged mourinho , who remains incredulous that wenger was not disciplined by the fa . does he feel it would have been different had the roles been reversed ? ‘ i don’t feel , i know , ’ he said .