testosterone . by joe herbert . ( oup £16.99 ) testosterone doesn’t always get a good press . everything that’s unpleasant about male behaviour has been ascribed to the effects of this much maligned hormone . violence ? it’s all testosterone’s fault . sexual assault and rape ? just blame testosterone . yet , as joe herbert makes clear in his engaging whistlestop tour of the science surrounding it , testosterone is at the heart of human life . ‘ without our father’s testosterone , ’ as he writes , ‘ none of us would exist . ’ it has only one basic function — to enable a male to reproduce , and for that it’s essential . although this is the case and it’s impossible to think of ‘maleness’ without testosterone , it’s also important for sexual behaviour in women . the blood of an adult woman before menopause actually contains about five times more testosterone than oestrogen , the supposedly ‘female’ hormone . however , it’s as a metaphor for masculinity that testosterone is best known . all that’s unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to testosterone , yet as joe herbert explains , testosterone is at the heart of human life . it begins its influence in the womb as it helps to shape the distinctive characteristics of the male body . this influence continues immediately after birth . that three-month-old baby boy , sweetly smiling at you from his pram , may well have testosterone levels that rival his father’s . we don’t know why but , starting two weeks after birth and lasting for four to six months , a little boy’s testes are producing testosterone in substantial amounts . the hormone’s power then recedes , but returns — and how ! — in puberty . post-puberty , testosterone drives the competition for females . in the animal world , stags lock antlers , elephants enter the aggressive state known as musth and male rhinos go horn-to-horn . even male giraffes , aroused by the hormone’s influence , flail at one another with their long necks . elaborate colourings emerge in some species , designed to emphasise masculinity and attract female attention . in guenon monkeys the scrotum turns bright blue . they don’t seem to mind . they adopt the habit of sitting with their legs apart to show the female guenons just how big and blue they are . we can only be thankful that testosterone’s effects on sexual display in humans are not so visually dramatic . adult human males have varying levels of the hormone in different circumstances . entirely unsurprisingly , having sex increases testosterone levels . so , too , does talking to an attractive woman and watching pornographic movies . winning at sports sends the levels racing upwards . just supporting a winning team can have the same effect . it works in politics as well . a study showed that , during the 2008 u.s. presidential election , barack obama supporters were pumped full of testosterone . levels fell in the supporters of his defeated rival , john mccain . testosterone also helps in the city . another study , on a london trading floor , showed that male traders made more money on days on which their morning testosterone levels were higher than usual . a challenge is obviously stimulating . surgeons facing difficult procedures often find their testosterone levels shooting up . one would assume that the theatre of war would have the same effect as the operating theatre , if not more so . after all , testosterone is supposed to be the hormone behind violence and aggression . in fact , soldiers in the heat of battle can have testosterone levels not much above those of men who have been castrated . it’s the appalling stress that reduces it . once they leave the front line , however , the soldiers revert to more normal levels . when levels are high , the effects of testosterone on male behaviour are so strong that the human brain has had to find a multitude of ways of regulating and channelling them . the creation of laws , religion and customs has , to some extent , been shaped by the need to do so . in that sense , as joe herbert writes , ‘ testosterone lies at the heart of much of our history’ . his own fascination with the ‘ simple but wondrous chemical’ that is his subject is clear . his book does a fine job of conveying that fascination to the rest of us .  