danny alexander has finally replied to the infamous note left in the treasury by a labour predecessor , saying there was ' no money ' left . liam byrne , who was chief secretary to the treasury under gordon brown , left a memo on his desk after labour 's election defeat in 2010 . the memo , found by his liberal democrat successor david laws , said : ' dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid that there is no money . kind regards and good luck . ' mr alexander , the present chief secretary , today finally got round to sending a letter to mr byrne apologising for the late reply – saying it was because he had been ' fixing the economy ' . it said : ' the deficit halved . jobs up . growth up . that 's the liberal democrat record , ' he wrote . ' we wo n't let you – or the tories – screw it up ! ' scroll down for video . danny alexander tweeted a picture of himself with his response to the infamous note left in the treasury by his labour predecessor liam byrne , saying there was ' no money ' left . mr alexander , the present chief secretary , today sent a letter ( left ) to mr byrne apologising for the late reply to his original note ( right ) – saying it was because he had been ' fixing the economy ' . the original note has haunted labour since it was first published in the days after coalition was formed in 2010 . ed balls sparked a furious response from david cameron earlier this month after he dismissed the letter as a ' jokey note ' . the note has become emblematic of labour 's fiscal irresponsibility in office and was used by mr cameron in the seven-way leaders ' debate earlier this month . when the coalition took office in 2010 the budget deficit had reached more than £150billion – more than 10 per cent of the entire size of the economy . but mr ball insisted the note admitting that labour had blown the nation 's finances should not be taken seriously . lib dem leader nick clegg is joined by his wife miriam gonzalez durantez at the devonshire arms in sheffield today . the deputy prime minister is hoping his message that the lib dems can be trusted with the economy will help turn around his party 's dire position in the polls . he told bbc west midlands : ' liam byrne 's note was a jokey note… of the course the money had n't run out . ' mr balls said labour would cut the deficit – still running at £90billion a year – every year . he said : ' nothing in our manifesto is going to require additional borrowing . i think in tough times , people want a government which will make tough decisions , and will make the sums add up , and that is what we 're saying very clearly today . ' but he was asked if labour was ' credible ' and could be trusted with the economy . liam byrne , who was chief secretary to the treasury under gordon brown , left the original memo on his desk after labour 's election defeat . mr balls said : ' i think people want to know the sums add up . people know that the global financial crisis was n't caused by labour 's spending – it was n't labour 's spending on nurses and doctors which meant the lehman brothers investment bank went bankrupt in new york . ' liam byrne 's note was a jokey note , of course the money had n't run out . ' mr balls blamed the lib dem minister david laws for leaking the note . he said it was supposed to be a private note , adding : ' it was supposed to be a piece of humour . in fact , in that year , the government spend hundreds of billions of pounds , so of course the money had n't run out , but there was a large deficit , and we had to get it down , and we needed to get it down in a fair way . ' the reason why we 're more credible than the tories now is that they 're not people who understand the need for change in the economy , it 's not been all in it together , they 've not even balanced the books – it 's going to take a labour government to do it . ' the prime minister said mr balls 's response was ' frankly the most appalling thing i have heard in this election campaign so far ' . he claimed balls was ed miliband 's third choice to be shadow chancellor and was frankly ' the country 's last choice to be put in charge of this nation 's finances ' . he said : ' the note that was left was correct . it said there was no money left . let us think about the consequences of what we inherited and what we had to do . we had to make difficult decisions , we had to find efficiencies in government spending , we had to put up some taxes . ' we had to make some very very difficult decisions to get this country back on track . that note that said there is no money left was referring to the fact that our budget deficit was forecast to be bigger than the budget deficit in greece when i became prime minister . '