nobody dreams of being a step-parent says christine bleakley , but it 's a job she 's determined to do well for the two daughters of her fiance , footballer frank lamapard . talking to the times , the tv presenter has revealed that while a tough role to take on , dispelling old notions of the ' evil step-mother ' has now become her main goal . the 36-year-old has been in a relationship with the manchester city midfielder for fiver years , and says building a bond with his children has been a careful , 'well-thought-out process . ' scroll down for video . christine bleakley has opened up about the difficulties of becoming a step-mother to frank lampard 's two daughters isla ( on christine 's lap ) , seven , and luna ( far right ) , nine . frank and christine are engaged to be married after meeting at the pride of britain awards five years ago , and enjoying what the tv presenter has called an 'old-fashioned courtship ' . christine 's relationship with frank 's ex-wife and the mother of his children , spanish model elen rivas , has been a long-distance one , fraught with tension fuelled by twitter rants from fiery rivas . but that does n't appear to have prevented her from becoming very close to luna , nine , and isla , seven . it has n't been easy though , says the irish tv star . ' i 'd like to think , if you asked the girls in ten years ' time , they would say that it was a well-thought-out process - i did n't meet them for a year , on purpose . ' christine says she 's glad to have forged a close bond with frank 's two daughters isla ( centre ) and luna ( right ) , but admits that it has been a slow and carefully thought-out process . ' they know i 'm their little mate . i do n't want to be their mummy . that was never even a thought , ' says tv presenter christine of her closeness with frank 's children from his relationship with model elen rivas . wanting to be careful of disrupting their lives , christine , who currently presents new tv series wild ireland , says she and frank waited until they were sure of their long-term feelings for each other , before introducing her into their lives . but if things got off to a slow start , it seems she 's very much a permanent fixture in their world going forward . the star has a very hands-on with the two girls , who spend half the week at her and franks home , and half the week with their mother elen . she said : ' frank 's away a lot , their mummy could be away , i have them on my own . it 's me going to violin recitals , me doing their homework , me doing the bathtime tonight and getting them to school in the morning - i 've grown into that and we have our own little system . ' both christine and frank have expressed their desire to have children together in the past , but now say there are no current plans to have babies due to busy career schedules and a possible move to new york . christine is currently presenting itv show wild ireland , which sees her travel the west coast of her homeland . but while she 's clearly a big influence in their lives and it 's obvious that she enjoys the quality time she spends with the girls , christine says she is very clear when it comes to the boundaries . she said : ' they know i 'm their little mate . i do n't want to be their mummy . that was never even a thought . ' and while the pair have expressed desires to have their own children in the past , the 36-year-old is keen to add that with plenty of time taken up with careers and step-children , there are no current plans to make babies of her own any time soon . despite not wanting to be seen as a ' mummy ' replacement , christine has said that she has a very hands-on role when it comes to looking after frank 's two children , given that he can be away a lot for football games . christine recently joined phillip schofield as a guest presenter on this morning while holly willoughby is currently on maternity leave following the birth of her third child in september . but while she 's so far nailed the step-mother role and a lampard/bleakley wedding is slated for ' some time in the future ' , christine says she wo n't be conforming to typical wag traditions any time soon . confessing the interview that she never for one minute ever imagined herself dating a footballer , the guest this morning host says that her relationship with frank began with ' an old-fashioned courtship . ' after meeting at the pride of britain awards in 2009 following an introduction by piers morgan , christine says the pair forged a deep and meaningful bond over long distance phone calls . ' i 'd like to think , if you asked the girls in ten years ' time , they would say that it was a well-thought-out process , ' says the irish tv star on her approach to becoming a step-mother to frank 's daughters . as for the gimmicky style that so often comes with being a top wag ? forget it , says christine . when it comes to her beauty regime , the brunette says she 's extremely low maintenance , loving nothing more than the days she kicks back with little effort in the hair and make-up department , botox sounds like it 's not on the menu either . when asked about facial fillers , she merely scoffed at the current craze for girls in their twenties even opting for the stuff . the tv presenter says she 'll never become a typical wag and has a low-maintenance beauty routine . frank lampard 's former fiance , spanish model elen rivas is known for her fiery rants about both frank and christine on twitter . 