chelsea may have had six players named in the professional footballers ' association premier league team of the year , but they still have some way to go to catch up with manchester united . the reds top the table with 75 representatives in the best xi since the premier league began in 1992 , while champions-elect chelsea are third with 29 . yet having eden hazard , diego costa , john terry , gary cahill , nemanja matic and branislav ivanovic feature in this year 's team has seen them close the gap to second-placed arsenal , currently on 42 . hazard was named the pfa player of the year on sunday as he and five other chelsea stars made the best xi . hazard poses with his pfa player of the year award in london on sunday afternoon as he was named winner . hazard runs with the ball and escapes aaron ramsey during chelsea 's 0-0 draw with arsenal on sunday . gk : david de gea . def : ryan bertrand , john terry , gary cahill , branislav ivanovic . mid : eden hazard , philippe coutinho , nemanja matic , alexis sanchez . fwd : harry kane , diego costa . hazard was named the pfa player of the year on sunday after becoming the poster-boy for chelsea 's push for their first premier league title since 2010 . the belgium winger has remarkably featured in the team of the year every season since 2009 – for both lille in ligue 1 and chelsea in the premier league . being named in this year 's best xi became hazard 's third in england , yet his hat-trick is nowhere near all-time leader steven gerrard . the liverpool captain has eight to his name , but missed out on a ninth in his final premier league season before leaving for major league soccer with la galaxy . gerrard , daniel sturridge and luis suarez starred for liverpool in last year 's best xi when the club fell just two points short of the title behind manchester city . manchester united 's teddy sheringham ( left ) pictured with liverpool 's steven gerrard in 2001 . gerrard missed out on a ninth in his final premier league season before leaving for major league soccer . liverpool 's gerrard has been named in the pfa team of the year more than anyone with eight to his name . 8 – steven gerrard . 6 – gary neville , ryan giggs , thierry henry , patrick vieira , alan shearer . 5 – rio ferdinand , roy keane . speaking of the defending champions , city are nowhere near their rivals . they have had just 11 players named since 1992 – the same as leeds united – with only shaun wright-phillips coming before sheik mansour 's takeover in 2008 . as for their neighbours , david de gea is the only representative from old trafford this year . the spain goalkeeper joins paul scholes , ruud van nistelrooy and denis irwin with two , while gary neville and ryan giggs remain top with six . with the list stretching back to 1992 , we are n't short of blasts from the past . andy johnson was named in the pfa team of the year for crystal palace a decade ago , while gary pallister , denis irwin , paul ince and eric cantona all represented manchester united the year after the premier league was born . chelsea 's hazard pictured with then-liverpool striker luis suarez last year as they both made the best xi . suarez is among the representatives for liverpool while alan shearer represented newcastle and blackburn . david beckham was named in the pfa team of the year four times for the dominant manchester united . thierry henry has been named in the pfa team of the year six times for arsenal in the premier league era . even portsmouth , currently 16th in league two , feature twice with glen johnson and david james . there are also more than a few players who represent two clubs , including robin van persie , ashley cole , sol campbell , alan shearer , graeme le saux , david batty and roy keane . current premier league clubs who have never been represented in the pfa team of the year include west ham , west bromwich albion , swansea city , stoke city , leicester city , hull city and burnley . 1 . manchester united ( 75 in total ) . 6 – gary neville , ryan giggs . 5 – rio ferdinand . 4 – nemanja vidic , cristiano ronaldo , david beckham , roy keane , gary pallister . 3 – edwin van der sar , patrice evra , wayne rooney , jaap stam , paul ince . 2 – david de gea , paul scholes , ruud van nistelrooy , denis irwin . 1 – michael carrick , robin van persie , nani , dimitar berbatov , antonio valencia , darren fletcher , tim howard , fabien barthez , wes brown , teddy sheringham , andy cole , dwight yorke , nicky butt , eric cantona , peter schmeichel . 2 . arsenal ( 42 ) . 6 – thierry henry , patrick vieira . 3 – ashley cole , robert pires , tony adams . 2 – bacary sagna , cesc fabregas , sol campbell , ian wright . 1 – alexis sanchez , robin van persie , samir nasri , jack wilshere , thomas vermaelen , gael clichy , emmanuel adebayor , lauren , sylvinho , emmanuel petit , nicolas anelka , dennis bergkamp , david seaman . 3 . chelsea ( 29 ) . 4 – john terry . 3 – eden hazard , frank lampard . 2 – gary cahill , branislav ivanovic , didier drogba , petr cech , william gallas . 1 – nemanja matic , diego costa , juan mata , ashley cole , joe cole , arjen robben , graeme le saux , ruud gullit , nicolas anelka . 4 . liverpool ( 23 ) . 8 – steven gerrard . 2 – luis suarez , fernando torres , sami hyypia . 1 – philippe coutinho , daniel sturridge , jamie carragher , michael owen , mark wright , stig inge bjornebye , steve mcmanaman , david james , rob jones . =5 . blackburn rovers ( 13 ) . 4 – alan shearer . 2 – colin hendry , tim flowers . 1 – brad friedel , graeme le saux , tim sherwood , chris sutton , david batty . =5 . tottenham hotspur ( 13 ) . 3 – gareth bale . 2 – stephen carr . 1 – harry kane , jan vertonghen , kyle walker , scott parker , dimitar berbatov , sol campbell , david ginola , jurgen klinsmann . 7 . newcastle united ( 12 ) . 2 – shay given , david batty , alan shearer . 1 – fabricio coloccini , kieron dyer , rob lee , david ginola , les ferdinand , peter beardsley . =8 . manchester city ( 11 ) . 3 – vincent kompany . 2 – yaya toure , joe hart . 1 – pablo zabaleta , david silva , carlos tevez , shaun wright-phillips . =8 . leeds united ( 11 ) . 3 – nigel martyn . 2 – gary kelly . 1 – rio ferdinand , ian harte , harry kewell , gary mcallister , tony dorigo , gary speed . 10 . aston villa ( 7 ) . 2 – ashley young . 1 – richard dunne , james milner , ugo ehiogu , alan wright , paul mcgrath . 11 . southampton ( 5 ) . 1 – luke shaw , ryan bertrand , adam lallana , wayne bridge , matt le tissier . 12 . everton ( 3 ) . 2 – leighton baines . 1 – seamus coleman . =13 . nottingham forest ( 2 ) . 1 – steve stone , roy keane . =13 . portsmouth ( 2 ) . 1 – glen johnson , david james . =15 . crystal palace ( 1 ) . 1 – andrew johnson . =15 . fulham ( 1 ) . 1 – steve finnan . =15 . queens park rangers ( 1 ) . 1 – david bardsley . =15 . sunderland ( 1 ) . 1 – kevin phillips . =15 . wigan athletic ( 1 ) . 1 – pascal chimbonda . tottenham hotspur 's kyle walker ( left ) and then-arsenal striker robin van persie were named in 2011-12 . gareth bale poses after winning the player of the year and young player of the year for tottenham in 2013 .