a chicago cubs fan managed to catch a foul ball in her cup of beer during a game against the san diego padres on saturday afternoon . the woman , identified as 24-year-old krista dotzenrod from minnesota by the chicago sun times , said it was ' pure luck . ' ' i was sitting there , and all of a sudden there is a ball in my cup . it fell straight in there . ' scroll down for video ... caught ! a woman at a game in chicago who snagged a foul ball in her full cup of beer in the ninth inning on saturday . prime position : ms. dotzenrod said she was sitting in her seats in the second row near third base . i 'll drink to that ! 24-year-old krista dotzenrod from minnesota not only caught the foul ball hit at the game pitting the cubs against padres , but then chugged the beer in celebration . quite the catch ! ms. dotzenrod has received a number of messages asking if she is single . within seconds of capturing the ball in her ale , she chugged the beer down with the ball still inside the cup to the delight of fans around her . ms. dotzenrod then posted a picture of her lucky catch on instagram . ' everyone behind me told me to chug my beer , ' she said . ' so i did ! ' it all happened in five seconds , ' said dotzenrod , who has lived in chicago for seven years . ' i chugged the beer and wished the cubs a great year . the ball is now sitting in my apartment . ' soon afterwards , she became the object of attention as dozens of admirers on twitter began to ask if they could go on a date with her . mlb.com reports the chances of catching a foul ball sit at roughly one in 1,189 , with the odds of catching the ball in a full glass of beer , far smaller ! the cubs won the game , 7-6 , in 11 innings . game to remember : ' it all happened in five seconds . ... i chugged the beer and wished the cubs a great year . the ball is now sitting in my apartment , ' she said . growing trend : many fans who are either glove-less or holding a beer have now decided to use their cup as a catching device for foul balls .