raffaele sollecito has been pictured going on a lingerie shopping spree - two weeks after he was cleared of killing british student meredith kercher . the italian , who spent four years in prison after previously being found guilty of the murder of surrey-born meredith , 21 , in 2007 , is said to be looking at compensation . the 31-year-old was spotted out and about with a blonde companion this week looking through the lingerie section of a shop in rome , italy - days after he was seen looking at a £105,000 bmw at a car dealership in the city . scroll down for video . raffaele sollecito was seen shopping for lingerie two weeks after he was cleared of killing british student meredith kercher . the 31-year-old ( left ) was out about in the italian capital rome with a blonde companion browsing through the underwear section of a shop . mr sollecito and his former lover , american amanda knox were both acquitted in late march ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years and saw them both serve four years in prison . he later described the ruling as an ' end to the nightmare ' telling a press conference that he needed ' time to heal ' and ' time to breathe this fresh air ' . both knox and sollecito are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison . mr sollecito ( pictured ) and his former lover , american amanda knox were both acquitted in late march ending a legal process which lasted more than seven years . out and about : raffaele sollecito 's shopping trip comes a week after he was seen looking at a £100,000 bmw at a dealership in rome . both knox and sollecito ( right ) are reportedly planning to seek compensation for time wrongly spent in prison . while no figures have been revealed , compensation for such cases regularly run into seven figure sums . sollecito 's lawyer giulia bongiorno revealed her client would wait for italy 's top court to give the reasoning behind the acquittal , expected later this year , before taking a decision . knox 's lawyer , confirmed miss knox will ' be seeking compensation for wrongful imprisonment , ' according to the telegraph . arline kercher , meredith 's mother , described the acquittal ruling as ' odd ' . raffaele sollecito ( pictured left with a blonde companion ) described his acquittal last month as an ' end to the nightmare ' . the 31-year-old told a press conference last month that he needed ' time to heal ' and ' time to breathe this fresh air ' . raffaele sollecito is pictured with a companion leaving a clothes shop in the italian capital , rome . she said : ' ( i am ) a bit surprised , and very shocked , but that is about it at the moment . they have been convicted twice so it 's a bit odd that it should change now . ' her daughter , who was 21 and from coulsdon , surrey , was sexually assaulted and stabbed to death in her bedroom in 2007 while studying in perugia , italy . seattle-born miss knox , 27 , who was ms kercher 's flat-mate , and mr sollecito , spent four years in jail for the murder but were acquitted on appeal in 2011 . but italy 's highest court last month overturned the 2014 convictions and declined to order another trial . raffaele sollecito ( right ) flanked by his lawyer giulia bongiorno , talks to the media during a press conference in rome . he described the ruling as an ' end to the nightmare ' . amanda knox ( pictured ) vowed to return to italy just two days after being cleared of murdering british student meredith kercher . mererith kercher ( pictured ) from coulsdon , surrey , was sexually assaulted and stabbed to death in her bedroom in 2007 while studying in perugia , italy . the decision by the supreme court of cassation is the final ruling in the seven-year case and definitively ends the gruelling legal battle . the pair always maintained their innocence . both sollecito and knox were imprisoned shortly after kercher 's body was discovered with 47 separate wounds on november 1 , 2007 . they were originally convicted of murder and sexual assault in december 2009 and sentenced to 26 and 25 years in jail respectively . after they served four years in prison a court in perugia threw out their convictions and declared them innocent . a view of the house where british student kercher was killed . it is understood knox will go back to italy to write a book about the country 's legal system . knox and sollecito were pictured embracing as police searched the house immediately after kercher 's death . knox returned to the us before another u-turn in the sensational case in january last year when a court in florence reinstated the original 2009 conviction and increased knox 's sentence to 28-and-a-half years . judge gennaro marasca read the decision to finally acquit the pair in late march after a judicial body had deliberated for ten hours . rudy guede is now the only person to be successfully convicted of the murder . the unemployed basketball player was found guilty in october 2008 and was convicted to 16 years after his footprints were discovered in kercher 's blood . the court will publish its reasons for last month 's decision within 90 days . 