by the time andy murray ties the knot next saturday he will hopefully have forgotten the utter frustration at becoming novak djokovic 's easter bunny . the 27-year-old scot has lost his last seven matches to the serb , this one the miami open final 7-6 4-6 6-0 on a brutally punishing afternoon , suffering the undeserving ignominy of conceding another love set against his old rival . he pushed him hard and had enough early chances to have won it in straight sets . in fact murray pushed djokovic so hard that , at the end of the second set , the furious serb wrenched his towel off a startled ballkid and screamed at his box on his way to the chair , gaining a warning as his mask of statesmanship slipped . novak djokovic raises his arms aloft after claiming victory over andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the miami open . djokovic poses with the butch buchholz trophy on the beach at key biscayne after his miami open win . the serb gives the thumbs up as he shows off the glass trophy on the beach in miami . the serbian world no 1 jumps for joy as he celebrates his success over andy murray in the final . djokovic kisses his fifth miami open winner 's trophy after an emphatic finish to the match on sunday . a deflated murray holds his runners-up trophy alongside djokovic after the pair battle the heat of florida . a fired-up djokovic battled to a three-set victory over murray for his fifth miami open winner 's trophy . djokovic snatches his towel from a ball boy at the end of the second set , claimed by murray . the serbian yells after murray broke his serve to claim the second set and take the match to a decider . murray has had a good enough week to walk down the aisle with kim sears having got back to world no 3 , but it is now ten out of eleven defeats against the world no 1 . how to seize the moment against this phenomenal competitor is a hugely pressing issue for him and everyone else . as for djokovic , he will now be holding that distinction for the 141st week of his career on monday , putting him on sixth equal in the all-time list with rafael nadal . in some ways this was a truncated version of their australian open final . a forlorn murray reflected afterwards : ' game wise , i feel like in the couple of the matches we played this year i 've been able to hang with him , but just not quite for long enough unfortunately . murray celebrates his first break of djokovic 's serve in the opening set at crandon park tennis center . world no 1 djokovic powers a forehand back at the scotsman during their clash in key biscayne , florida . murray plays a slice backhand during a tight first set that included four breaks of serve before the tie-break . murray takes a moment in the shade as the miami sun beams down on the finalists . djokovic ( left ) and murray launch into a forehand and backhand respectively as they battle it out in miami . ' i need to try to work out why that is . i played well for two sets and was struggling physically in the third . i do n't feel like i can do loads more than what i 'm doing to get myself in the best condition possible , i do push myself very hard . ' the first set was notable for murray 's early aggression that brought him a break in the third game and should have seen him open up a 3-1 lead . but it transpired that it was desperately difficult playing into the fierce lunchtime sun . nobody actually held at the city end of the court until the eleventh game when the serb managed it . murray forced the tiebreak but , beginning on the more difficult side , could not recover from 0-4 down as he hit several forehands long . djokovic dives desperately at the net as the first set goes the distance in the blazing heat . murray shows his frustration as his two breaks in the first set are immediately countered by the serbian . both stars struggled serving into the sun with all four breaks in the first set coming from the same end . djokovic had been starting to blow hard – rather like he did in australia – and just like in melbourne it all proved to be irrelevant as he took it 7-3 . gauging how the 27 year-old serb is feeling is an extremely inexact science , and you could only speculate as a brutally punishing second set unfolded in more level fashion than the break-filled opener . murray became more and more agitated as he failed to gain the breakthrough but held on until 5-4 when djokovic dissolved into a ball of balkan anger . murray broke him to love and the serb angrily snatched his towel off the ballboy , apologising later : ' i 'm sorry , because i did n't pay attention to the ball boy and i just screamed at my box , ' he said . the sun-soaked scene in miami as a pair of us coast guard helicopters fly over the stadium court . andy murray 's fiancee kim sears ( left ) and novak 's wife jelena djokovic take shade under big hats in florida . murray 's coach amelie mauresmo cheers on the british no 1 in front of his soon-to-be wife sears . murray remonstrates with himself as he shows some emotion in front of his second home crowd . murray jumps for joy as he claims the second set but he is n't able to keep the pep in his step in the third . florida-based australian golf legend greg norman takes in the miami open final with his wife kirsten kutner . djokovic wipes away the sweat shows his frustration as he falters in the second set in key biscayne . there was also a volley of abuse , murray style , towards boris becker and his support team up in the box , but it only seemed to galvanise djokovic . murray had to hold at the start of the decider to set him on his way to what would have been a massive victory in the context of his season , the first time he had won a masters level event since his wimbledon triumph of 2013 . the first three games of the decider were long and hard before – helped by some wonky murray overheads – djokovic just cracked his opponent 's body and spirit .