the tories have accused labour of a crude new attempt to ' weaponise ' the nhs by orchestrating a letter from doctors claiming hospitals will not be safe if david cameron wins the election . ed miliband was also accused of hypocrisy after he claimed that the coalition had made it harder to get a gp appointment . mr miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer gp surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election – which he said was directly contributing to the a & e crisis . scroll down for video . labour launched a poster declaring ' the tories have made it harder to see a gp ' but critics were quick to point out that the figures were out of date . his comments came after labour launched a poster declaring ' the tories have made it harder to see a gp ' . but critics were quick to point out that his figures were out of date – and that the gp crisis is widely blamed on labour 's gp contracts , which allowed them to opt out of out-of-hours care . meanwhile it emerged last night that a labour-supporting gp had circulated a letter claiming that ' five years of flat-line funding ' have ' crippled the nhs ' . a version of the letter – organised by dr clare gerada , the former chairman of the royal college of gps – appeared in the guardian signed by more than 100 doctors last night . it claimed the ' direction of travel ' under the tories was towards privatisation , adding : ' another five years of tory austerity will sap staff morale and reduce the nhs to a poor service for poor people ' . labour were accused of orchestrating the letter as a ' stitch up ' . conservative mp julian smith said : ' this labour stitch up is another desperate attempt to weaponise the nhs . ' under this government , we 've got more doctors , more nurses and more patients being seen than ever before . ' in an email obtained by the tories , dr gerada said signatures were being collected to ' counter ' the 100 business leaders who wrote a tory-supporting letter to a national paper last week . mr miliband claimed there were now 600 fewer gp surgeries open during evenings and weekends than before the previous election – which he said was directly contributing to the a & e crisis . health secretary jeremy hunt has promised to give nhs chiefs ' whatever they need ' after the election . mr hunt yesterday claimed a conservative government would find whatever money the health service said was required to cope with the growing pressure on hospitals and gp surgeries . the apparently open-ended commitment will raise eyebrows at a time when public spending is under increasing pressure . nhs chief executive simon stevens has said the health service needs an extra £8billion a year by 2020 just to keep standards as they are . the tories have pledged to find huge public spending cuts , and every pound spent on the nhs means less for other priorities such as education and defence . mr hunt told bbc radio 4 's the world at one : ' we will back the nhs 's own plan in full ... we will give whatever they need , it might be more than £8billion , it might be less . ' dr gerada said she was a member of the labour party but not an ' activist ' and said the letter had been organised independently . she told the telegraph : ' it has not been orchestrated by labour , it has been put together by me and a few other medical leaders . ' the tories say that at least two of the signatories are labour supporters , including one who tried to stand as a labour candidate and another who has previously spoken at the labour party conference . the signatories , including professor john ashton , retired director of public health , and simon capewell , professor of public health in liverpool , wrote that the nhs ' is withering away ' . they said ' if things carry on as they are then in future people will be denied care they once had under the nhs and have to pay more for health services . ' meanwhile , as figures yesterday revealed that a & e waiting times are the longest since records began in 2004/05 , mr miliband said : ' one of the reasons for that is it 's got a lot harder to see a gp . ' across england there are some 600 fewer gp surgeries open in the evenings and at weekends than there were at the last general election . ' but health secretary jeremy hunt said labour 's ' shoddy figures are not only wrong but also expose labour 's rank hypocrisy over gp access ' . mr hunt said the figures quoted only go up to 2013/14 and that since then , the conservatives ' extended hours scheme , announced last year , has covered 1,100 practices and helped 7.5million patients see gps in the evenings and at weekends . he said by next year the scheme will cover 1,400 additional practices , serving 10 million more people . he added : ' the next conservative government will deliver a truly seven-day nhs , putting right a problem which began with labour 's disastrous 2004 gp contract . ' mr hunt said the contract had allowed gps to opt out of responsibility for their patients out of hours . he added that far from cutting funding , the tories would give the nhs ' whatever it needs ' if the party wins the election . liberal democrat leader nick clegg accused labour of ' making cheap political points using outdated statistics ' . ' it 's pretty rich coming from a party that blew £12billion on an nhs super computer , ' he said . mr clegg also described shadow health secretary andy burnham as ' a slightly sort of cardboard cut out , a rather sort of silly labour politician . ' medical leaders also criticised labour 's claims yesterday . gp mike dixon , chairman of the nhs alliance , said : ' labour 's poster is not fair . ' patient access to extended hour services has n't got worse , as these figures ignore the prime minister 's new scheme . ' chris leslie , shadow treasury minister , said the figures were the latest available . following the letter from 100 doctors claiming the nhs is not safe in tory hands , labour is today expected to launch a fresh attack over the health service . james slack sifts the claims from the reality . claim : there are 590 fewer gp surgeries open at evenings and weekends compared to labour 's last year in office . reality : shadow health secretary andy burnham is using figures which compare july 2009 to the year ending april 2014 - which means they are a full year out of date . this year is crucial in comparing the record of the last two governments . in april 2014 , david cameron launched his £50million challenge fund to pay for gps to open out-ofhours . it guaranteed at least one gp surgery locally would be available in the evening and weekends . the tories say it has led to improved access for 7.5million people at 1,100 surgeries . by march next year , a further £100million will have been spent on a further 1,417 practices across the country . overall , there are now 1,600 more gps than in 2010 . it is not the first time labour has used old figures in what is already a dishonest election campaign . the party 's claim that families are £1,600 worse off under the tories was also 12 months past its sell-by date . claim : the tories have made it harder to see a gp . reality : anybody with memory of the blair years will know it is labour - and the disastrous 2004 decision to renegotiate the existing gp contract - which lies at the root of the current problems . not only did labour abolish the requirement for every patient to have a named gp who was responsible for them , instead attaching them only to a surgery , but , most crucially , gps were given more money despite no longer being required to work at weekends or at night . the inevitable result ? nine out often gps stopped providing out-ofhours care - hugely increasing the pressure on hospital a & e departments . former health minister mike o'brien said the deal labour gave to the gps was ' the best they ever had ... they probably all voted labour in 2005 ' . tory health secretary jeremy hunt has since made modest changes to the contract , such as giving four million over-75s a named gp , but there is still no requirement to work out- of-hours . claim : the tories have left the nhs weaker than at any stage in its history . reality : in the latest attempt by labour and the left to ' weaponise ' the nhs , 100 doctors last night released a letter which claimed the nhs was ' withering away ' under the coalition and ' if things carry on as they are then in future people will be denied care they once had ' . it went on : privatisation not only threatens coordinated services but also jeopardises training of our future health care providers and medical research , particularly that of public health . ' the problem is that much of the letter is at odds with the facts . along with foreign aid , spending on the health service was ring-fenced from the cuts . every year , it has received a real terms increase of at least 0.1 per cent . this equates to around £2.5billion extra a year . on privatisation , the nhs outsourced 4.4 per cent of its budget under the labour party - but less than 2 per cent under the coalition . it was labour - not the tories - which presided over the shameful scandals at basildon and mid staffs hospitals which cost hundreds of lives . 