tesla has confirmed it will unveil a revolutionary power pack for the home next week . the california firm said it will announce a ' home battery ' and a ' very large utility scale battery ' in a letter sent to investors . while products such as this already exist , founder elon musk thinks they ' suck ' , according to tesla 's investor relations director , jeff evanson . scroll down for video . the california firm said it will announce a ' home battery ' and a ' very large utility scale battery ' in a letter sent to investors . the company already offers battery packs ( pictured ) for its solarcity project , but it is unclear whether the latest product will build on this design . there are a number of home battery packs on the market . most work by powering up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper . users can then switch them on during the day to use the home during the day . they can be used as back up power in the case of an emergency , or be used to hold power from renewable energy sources . home battery packs could disrupt the utility market . in 2013 , the edison electric institute , the trade group for investor-owned electric companies , issued a report warning about disruption . ' one can imagine a day when battery storage technology or micro turbines could allow customers to be electric grid independent , ' the report said . musk announced the event last month in a cryptic tweet that said there will be a launch of a ' major ' new line of products that is ' not a car ' . the event will be held at tesla 's hawthorne , california , design studio on april 30 at 8pm . pt . ' [ at the event ] we will explain the advantages of our solutions and why past battery options were not compelling , ' the company said . home batteries power up overnight when electricity rates are cheaper . users can then switch them on during the day to use the home during the day . in february , musk said their version of a home battery would be ready for a public debut within months and that it should start going into production by the summer . it is likely to build on the power packs used in tesla 's range of electric cars such as the model s . ' we are going to unveil the tesla home battery , the consumer battery that would be for use in people 's houses or businesses fairly soon , ' mr musk told analysts earlier this year . ' we have the design done , and it should start going into production in about six months or so . ' he did n't reveal what a home battery would be used for , but it could act as a generator during a power cut , for example . while products such as these already exist , founder elon musk ( left ) thinks they ' suck ' , according to tesla 's investor relations director , jeff evanson . on the right is an image of a tesla residential battery being installed . tesla 's billionaire founder last month fuelled speculation by saying it ' not a car ' and added the product will be revealed at the company 's california , design studio on april 30 at 8 p.m. pt . but at a conference last year , tesla 's stationary energy storage director arch padmanabhan revealed some of tesla 's initial plans . the mirai features the toyota fuel cell system , which combines fuel cell technology with hybrid technology . the firm said it can serve as a ' high capacity power supply during emergencies ' . the mirai converts the dc power from the chademo power socket in the boot to ac power , using an attachment . toyota calls it a vehicle-to-home system . tesla 's home battery could work in a similar way , or be a standalone battery . this included a 400 kwh commercial/utility battery for large buildings and a 10 kilo-watt hour residential battery . rival car manufacturer toyota already uses a hydrogen fuel cell in its mirai car that can be removed and used to power a home . according to the japanese car maker , the battery can supply electric power to an average home for a week . last year , tesla motors unveiled plans for a ' gigafactory ' designed to help the firm ramp up production of batteries for its electric cars , and now homes . tesla said the factory will cut current battery production costs by up to 30 per cent , and will be powered predominantly by renewable energy sources , such as wind and solar . elsewhere , mr musk is already the chairman of solarcity - a company that offers solar power systems for homes - and tesla 's home battery could be an extension of this . these batteries 3ft tall ( 0.9 metres ) , and can be controlled remotely using a smartphone app . tesla would not comment on whether the new batteries will work in the same way . home battery packs could disrupt the utility market . in 2013 , the edison electric institute , the trade group for investor-owned electric companies , issued a report warning about disruption . ' one can imagine a day when battery storage technology or micro turbines could allow customers to be electric grid independent , ' the report said .