embarrassing footage has emerged of a missile launch going spectacularly wrong in russia . the minute-long clip shows the s300 rocket barely managing to take off before plummeting back down to earth . a small thud can be heard and bits of debris fly off as the weapon makes a feeble attempt to launch at the military base in an unknown part of russia . lift off : the rocket just about launches with debris and a plume of smoke clearly visible next to the russian flag . up and down : the s300 rocket barely manages to take off before it starts plummeting back down to earth . it scarcely gets off the launchpad and is followed by a small plume of smoke , before it can be seen dropping out of the sky as shouts can be heard from those watching . seconds later , the rocket goes out of view as whoever is filming takes cover and a huge explosion can be heard . the shaky camera returns to a massive plume of smoke . the leaked footage will be of some embarrassment to vladimir putin who as grown the russian defence budget has grown by 33 per cent to £54billion over the past year . it comes not long after shocking footage emerged of failed another rocket launch which killed six russian ballistic missile technicians . bang : a loud explosion can be heard before plumes of smoke are clearly visible following the failed launch of a rocket in russia . footage of the accident , which happened several months ago but officials tried to keep quiet , was posted on social network sites . it happened near donetsk in the ukraine where it is believed the missile was about to be fired against government forces . a second otr-21 tochka missile was successfully launched a few seconds later from the wreckage , but there is nothing left of the launch site controlled by russian backed militia . it shows a deafening explosion in a field with plumes of white smoke rising quickly into the atmosphere . a second missile , which would also have been programmed , is still launched from the wreckage a few seconds later , presumably heading towards its intended target .   