google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine about 2016 presidential candidates . many of the questions focused on candidates ' ages and heights , according to the website . google politics tweeted about former first lady and secretary of state hillary clinton 's announcement that she is seeking the presidency . ' it 's official . @ hillaryclinton is running . here are the q 's people are asking @ google about clinton in the past hour : ' search : one of the biggest questions about hillary clinton was about how old she is . democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton poses for a photo with simpson college student mackenzie bills , center , after meeting with iowa democratic party lawmakers at the statehouse . the most popular question typed into google during that time period was asking how old clinton is . the second-most popular was ' is hillary clinton a democrat ? ' clinton is 67 years old and a member of the democratic party . last monday , sen. rand paul ( r-ky ) announced he is seeking the oval office in 2016 . that day , google politics tweeted what it said were ' related questions to rand paul in the last 24 hours . ' those included ' how tall is rand paul ? ' and ' how old is rand paul ? ' revealed : google politics tweeted last week what it said were ' related questions to rand paul ' after he revealed he is seeking the oval office in 2016 . questions about rand paul included ' how tall is rand paul ? ' and ' how old is rand paul ? ' candidate : the top questions on marco rubio were ' how old is marco rubio ? ' and ' where was marco rubio born ? ' he is 43 years old and was born in florida to cuban immigrants . republican senator from florida marco rubio walks near the senate chamber , on capitol hill in washington dcon 15 april . paul is 52 years old . the international business times reported in 2013 he is 5'8 '' tall . others asked about paul 's father and what type of doctor he is . paul is an opthalmologist , and his father is the former republican congressman ron paul . sen. marco rubio ( r-fl ) , said he is running for president on monday . that day , google politics tweeted that the number one question for rubio was ' how old is marco rubio ? ' per the blaze , some related questions asked about ted cruz was ' where was ted cruz born ? ' and ' how old is ted cruz ? ' cruz was born in canada and is 44 years old . some related questions asked about sen. ted cruz ( r-tx ) were ' where was ted cruz born ? ' and ' how old is ted cruz ? ' the second-most popular question about the senator was ' where was marco rubio born ? ' rubio is 43 years old and was born in florida to cuban immigrants . the third-most popular question was about rubio 's height . the international business times reported in 2013 he is 5'9 '' . per the blaze , some related questions asked about sen. ted cruz ( r-tx ) was ' where was ted cruz born ? ' and ' how old is ted cruz ? ' cruz was born in canada and is 44 years old . charts made available on google trends show that interest in paul and cruz has dipped somewhat since both made their announcements , but seemed to be slightly increasing early this week . interest in clinton and rubio , however , seemed to be on the rise as of sunday after they said they were running . daily mail online has reached out to google for more information on top searches on the candidates . waning interest ? according to google trends data , interest in sen. rand paul decreased somewhat after he announced he is running for president . interest in sen. ted cruz also decreased following his announcement in late march . however , it seemed to be on the rise somewhat early this week . soaring : this google trends chart shows interest in marco rubio has increased since he said he 's running . big leap : interest also jumped for hillary clinton and seems to have grown since her sunday announcement . 