david cameron yesterday made a last-ditch plea for ukip supporters to ‘ come home’ to the conservatives . in a direct appeal to voters who have shifted allegiance to nigel farage’s party , the prime minister vowed to ‘ do more’ to respond to concerns about immigration . with the election on a knife-edge , he warned that it is ‘ not the time to send a message or make a protest’ . doing so could put the economic recovery at risk by allowing labour back into power , said the tory leader . david cameron tonight issued an impassioned plea for ukip voters to ' come back home ' to the conservatives . mr cameron also conceded that he understood the ‘frustrations’ of ukip voters . it is a significant peace offering by the prime minister , who once dismissed ukip as ‘ fruitcakes , loonies and closet racists’ . speaking in bristol yesterday , he said to those who had left the tory fold : ‘ look , we’ve heard the message loud and clear about the things you want to see changed and we’ll change those things . come with us , come back home to us , rather than risk all of this good work being undone . ’ the latest polls have put the conservatives and labour virtually neck and neck . a yougov poll on sunday had the tories on 34 per cent , one point ahead of labour , and ukip in third place with 13 per cent of votes . a poll in tory-held south thanet – where mr farage is running for parliament – shows him in second place , and pollsters now believe ukip will win just a handful of seats . david cameron 's hopes of staying in number 10 have been buoyed by opinion polls showing a steady squeeze in support for ukip . as the election gets closer , voters appear to be drifting away from nigel farage 's party . after hitting 18 per cent in the polls at the european elections last year , ukip has seen its support drop by around five points . the tories , meanwhile , have jumped ahead of labour . the most recent surveys have given mr cameron 's party a slender one-point lead - with around 34 per cent of the vote . mr farage is also facing a fight to be elected in thanet south . the ukip leader has seen a comfortable lead slip and is now trailing in second place behind the tories . a leaked poll showed the tories in the lead in the kent constituency mr farage is fighting with 31 per cent support . mr farage is on 30 per cent , with labour in third on 29 per cent . the prime minister was joined by george osborne for a speech at the bristol and bath science park this evening . but there are deep concerns that support for ukip , fuelled by the conservatives’ failure to meet their pledge to cut immigration to ‘ tens of thousands’ , could swing enough votes in other seats to hand ed miliband a victory . mr cameron , who also promised a referendum on europe , said the government had turned around the economy and cut taxes for working people . mr cameron has previously accused nigel farage supporters of being ' fruitcakes and loonies ' . ‘ to keep generating the jobs and the growth our country needs , come back to us , come back home to us , ’ he pleaded . the pm warned those who voted for ‘ a minor party’ risked ending up with ed miliband propped up by the snp’s nicola sturgeon , ‘ driving him into even more spending , welfare unlimited , debt bloat’ . mr cameron said the prospect of a minority labour government held in power by the snp was a ‘ nightmare scenario’ and said the conservatives ‘need’ ukip support . ‘ we are 23 seats short from an overall majority , ’ he said . ‘ we can provide that clear , decisive and frankly more accountable government that a majority conservative government would deliver . we need those 23 seats . ’ mr farage immediately attacked the prime minister and said he would not win ukip voters back . he said former labour and tory voters have found a ‘ more authentic home’ where they do not get ‘ roundly abused by their hosts’ . meanwhile , the ‘defection’ of a tory parliamentary candidate to ukip descended into farce yesterday when it was revealed he had already been dropped by the conservatives . nigel farage hailed the move by mike whitehead as a ‘ hammer blow’ for the pm . but the tories said the candidate for hull west and hessle had been ‘sacked’ for threatening to stand as an independent .