isis has publicly beheaded six men accused of exploding a car bomb ' which killed innocent people ' in the syrian city of al-mayadin . the terrorist group 's latest barbaric video shows a large crowd gathering to watch the bloody execution of the men it claims are soldiers fighting for syrian president bashar al-assad . they are all marched to a small wooden stump and instructed to kneel , before an islamic state militant carries out brutal retaliation by taking their heads off with a sharpened blade . scroll down for video . murderous : a gruesome video has emerged showing a masked jihadi ( pictured ) beheading six men accused by islamic state of exploding a car bomb in a syrian city it controls . gruesome : one by one , the alleged soldiers of syrian president bashar al assad 's regime are marched to a wooden stump and killed in front of a large crowd of men and young boys ( pictured ) . killer : the executioner calmly wipes the blood from his sharpened blade after the fourth beheading in the six-minute propaganda video which was filmed in the city of al-mayadin . one by one , the alleged fighters are paraded in front of men and very young boys and their are heads carefully placed on a wooden platform , before they are taken clean off . the shocking video surfaced on isis ' vast social media channels . the footage cuts from the merciless killings to shots of injured children and adults - allegedly from the car bomb the doomed men exploded in the city . the beginning of the six-minute long propaganda video - posted online on april 5 - depicts a seemingly normal day in the isis-held territory in eastern syria . men gather to pray at a local mosque , shackled captives are herded into the backs of trucks and men are flogged in public for unknown crimes . the footage sharply cuts to the complete destruction of an al-mayadin neighbourhood where locals frantically retrieve body parts from the rubble , extinguish fires and carry the wounded to shelter . an announcer then tells a furious horde the men are alawites , a derogatory term used by islamist fundamentalists to describe president assad 's soldiers . executed : a masked isis militant announces to the crowd that the men ( pictured ) have been sentenced to death by an islamic court ' for waging war on god ' . cruel : as a large crowd gathers , the jihadi ( pictured ) says : ' whoever kills the muslims and spills their blood , their reward is slaughter ' . destruction : the executions of the men was retaliation for the car bomb they allegedly exploded in a al-mayadin neighbourhood ( pictured ) - killing children and civilians . he says the execution is ' qisas ' - or retaliation - for their alleged attack and imposed by the islamic court for ' waging war on god and his messenger ' . aymenn jawad al-tamimi - a research fellow at the middle east forum at kings college london - translated the militant 's speech for mailonline . in front of the amassing crowd he says : ' whoever kills the muslims and spills their blood , their reward is slaughter . ' ' just as god almighty said : `` strike them upon their necks and strike from them every fingertip '' for this evil element that blew up its car there and terrorised the muslims . ' al-mayadin is one of two locations where isis has opened ' recruitment offices ' to induct children into their ranks , according to the syrian observatory for human rights ( sohr ) . caliphate : the beginning of the video released on isis ' social media channels depicts everyday life in its state , which includes the public flogging of men who committed unknown crimes ( pictured ) . breeding ground : islamic state has allegedly recruited over 400 child soldiers from the eastern syrian city of al-mayadin where the militants proudly fly the notorious black flag used by islamist terror groups . it reported that as of march 23 at least 400 young children from the city and nearby al-bokamal had joined the terrorist group 's ashbal al-khilafah , ' the cubs of the caliphate ' . these offices convince and attract children who live in isis-controlled territory and who go to its closely monitored and propaganda-fueled schools and mosques . they are encouraged to come to the squares where brutal executions , whippings , crucifixions and beheadings are routinely carried out . but the number of foreign fighters joining islamic state in the first three months of 2015 is believed to be the least since it self-declared a global ' caliphate ' in 2014 , sohr claims .