ed miliband would be a ' catastrophe ' for britain , according to ftse 100 bosses . seven out of 10 business chiefs at britain 's biggest companies think ed miliband would be a ' catastrophe ' for britain , a survey has revealed . the poll of ftse 100 chairman has revealed overwhelming support for david cameron to remain prime minister , despite the widespread business concern over his pledge to hold an in-out referendum on europe . it comes just days after more than 100 company bosses signed a letter warning against a labour government . it also echoes controversial remarks by the boots chief executive stefano pessina who sparked fury after claiming it would be a ' catastrophe ' for the uk if labour won the election . the poll of 35 business chairman , by the headhunters korn ferry , is a further blow to labour which is struggling to repair its relationship with big business after a series of controversial policy announcements . mr miliband last week vowed to ban 90 per cent of zero-hours contracts and unveiled proposals to make it easier for workers to take their bosses to court for unfair dismissal . he also confirmed plans to raise corporation tax for the first time in 40 years to raise cash for a £400 cut in business rates for smaller firms . one of the ftse 100 bosses surveyed , who did not want to be named , said businesses could work with labour 's shadow business secretary chuka umunna and its economics chief ed balls . but he said mr miliband 's ' tone and rhetoric ' had proved ' deeply disturbing ' , adding : ' at times his language is vitriolic and he appears to completely misunderstand business . ' mr umunna , speaking on radio 5 live today , umunna insisted labour was no anti-business and defended mr miliband 's recent announcemtn that labour would all-but outlaw zero-hours contracts . mr umunna admitted not all zero-hours contracts were ' awful and bad ' , but insisted many workers were being exploited . scroll down for video . mr miliband has vowed to force companies to offer staff a full time contract if they have been working regular hours for three months . mr umunna said : ' i think this will be massively helpful . there are 1.8million zero hours contracts now and i think this will transform people 's lives . ' the shadow business secretary has also pointed to labour 's refusal to offer a european referendum as a policy which business supported . david cameron and george osborne , out campaigning today , have jumped on business criticism of the labour party to boost their core campaign message that only the tories can be trusted with the economy . he said : ' business people have been very impressed that ed took a decision on a matter of principle on the in-out referendum . it would have been easier to dance to nigel farage 's tune , as the conservatives have done . ' last week , mr umunna and a host of other labour figures hit out at britain 's top business leaders after they backed the conservatives ' economic plan and urged voters not to risk a ' change of course ' . in a highly unusual intervention just weeks from the general election , the business chiefs claimed a labour government would ' put the recovery at risk ' . mr miliband said the letter was not a surprise and only showed that the tories were on the side of ' a few big firms and individuals at the top ' . mr umunna , meanwhile , dismissed the signatories as a ' cosy little club ' , while labour peer john precott went further criticising them as ' tax dodgers , tory voters and non-doms ' . mr cameron , however , insisted the intervention was ' unprecedented ' and claimed it sent a ' very powerful message ' . the business chiefs who signed the letter run companies with well known retail brands such as primark , iceland , ladbrokes and costa coffee . bosses behind big name retailers , drinks and restaurants have backed the tory economic plan , including ( top row ) primark and costa and ( bottom row ) ladbrokes , cobra , tango and iceland . executives at consumer brands such as cobra beer , britvic , silver spoon , kingsmill , thorntons , robinsons , tango and london pride are also on the list . embarrassingly for labour , the list of business chiefs includes several who supported the governments of tony blair and gordon brown . however , mr miliband said the letter only served to expose the choice at the election . he said : ' businesses have come out today to say they want lower business taxes and , you know , that does n't surprise me . ' but it does also go to the wider choice at this election . the conservatives really believe that if all of the few corporations and individuals at the top are doing well , the wealth will magically trickle down for everybody else . ' we have tried that experiment over the last few years and it has n't worked . we have seen falling living standards and falling wages and insecurity at work . i just have a different view about the way the country succeeds . '