phil jagielka swapped everton 's training ground for a kitchen earlier this week as he learned to cook a traditional thai dish to celebrate the sacred festival of songkran . the toffees have been sponsored by thai beverage chang beer for over 11 years and jagielka , who scored the winner against southampton on saturday , was on hand to visit chaophraya restaurant in liverpool for a special cookery lesson . having teamed up with expert chef kim kaewkraikhot , everton 's captain prepared some pad thai - a stir-fried noodle dish - before taste testing his own food . video scroll down to watch phil jagielka 's trip to thai restaurant chaophraya . everton defender phil jagielka shares a joke with thai chef kim kaewkraikhot at chaophraya restaurant . the toffees skipper tucks into a plate of pad thai after learning to cook the dish himself . jagielka took part in a cookery lesson to celebrate the thai festival of songkran with sponsors chang beer . jagielka said : ' i 've mixed it up with the head chef and we 've made some pad thai , i think they were very kind to me , giving me all the ingredients ready-made , it was a full proof plan but i 'm pretty proud , it tasted pretty nice and i can go and brag now that i can cook a full thai dish . ' songkran is celebrated in thailand between april 13 and 15 as the traditional new year 's day but jagielka and his team-mates have an important fixture against swansea before they can take part in any festivities . roberto martinez 's men travel to the liberty stadium on saturday looking for their fourth premier league win in succession following victories over saints , qpr and newcastle . jagielka celebrates after scoring the only goal in everton 's 1-0 win against southampton on saturday . the england international admits that he can now brag about his cooking skills after making a full thai dish . former sheffield united man jagielka signs an everton home shirt for chef kim kaewkraikhot . the england international will be back in the heart of everton 's defence in south wales as martinez 's men aim to end a disappointing season in positive fashion . jagielka added : ' i love the fact that ( chang ) have been our sponsors for so long now , everyone loves thai people and everyone loves thai food and they 've been a fantastic sponsor over the years . ' we 've had a laugh and a joke in the kitchen today and thankfully i did n't burn anything down . '