divock origi has revealed that compatriot simon mignolet has been helping him prepare for the ' special feeling ' of playing at anfield and the goalkeeper has given him tips about the best places to go in liverpool . belgium international origi has also received messages from members of the club 's management team to let him know they are monitoring his progress closely during his season-long loan at french side lille . liverpool signed the 20-year-old for £10million last summer after he impressed for belgium at the world cup before sending him straight back on loan to the ligue 1 team . divock origi signed for liverpool for £10million last summer before being loaned back to former club lille . liverpool signed origi after the belgium striker impressed during last summer 's world cup in brazil . liverpool explored the possibility of bringing origi to the club in january after daniel sturridge 's long-term injury and mario balotelli 's failure to find form left brendan rodgers ' side goal-shy in the first half of the season . but origi stayed in france , where he has scored nine goals this season , to continue his development but he says he has been in regular contact with his international team-mate mignolet throughout the campaign . ' simon has helped me a lot and given me a lot of information about the city , ' origi told liverpool 's official website . ' he told me it 's a nice city and advised me on where you can live and the nice places to go . he told me he really likes it and feels at home there . ' he told me it ( playing at anfield ) is a special feeling , but that 's something i knew already , ' explained the forward . simon mignolet has been advising his compatriot about life at the club and in liverpool . the 20-year-old striker has scored nine times during his season-long loan at french side lille . ' he told me before every game there is a fantastic atmosphere from the supporters and everybody at the club , which helps you to play even better . it makes me excited because it 's something i want to experience . ' some people from the team 's management have also sent me some messages and let me know they 're watching all the games . it 's very nice to have the team supporting me and watching often . '