william beggs ( pictured ) is known as the limbs in the loch killer for raping , murdering and dismembering barry wallace , 18 , in 1999 . a convicted murderer who murdered and dismembered his teenage victim has had boiling hot water thrown over him in an apparent revenge attack in a scottish prison . william beggs , 54 , known as the limbs in the loch murderer , was described by police at the time of his conviction in 2001 as a ' serial killer in the making ' . beggs is serving a life sentence in saughton prison , edinburgh , for raping , murdering and dismembering barry wallace , 18 , in kilmarnock , ayrshire , in 1999 . the teenager 's limbs and torso were found in loch lomond and his head was dumped in the sea off the ayrshire coast . beggs screamed in pain as boiling water was thrown over his face and hands in the cell attack , the scottish daily record reported yesterday . the alleged attacker was due for release this year and has since been moved to shotts prison . he reportedly told friends he was taking revenge after beggs attacked him soon after he arrived at the prison . it is understood beggs was treated for burns in the prison 's infirmary but did not need to attend hospital . the teenager 's limbs and torso were found in loch lomond ( pictured ) and his head was dumped in the sea . supermarket worker mr wallace vanished on december 5 1999 , after a christmas night out with colleagues in his home town of kilmarnock . in 2001 a jury found beggs took the teenager to his flat and subjected him to a serious sexual assault . beggs is serving a life sentence for murdering and dismembering shop worker barry wallace ( pictured ) . he then murdered him and cut up his body . shortly after the crime , beggs , originally from northern ireland , fled to the netherlands . after lengthy extradition proceedings , he was ordered in january 2001 to be returned to scotland to face trial . after the high court jury delivered their majority verdict and found him guilty it was revealed beggs was once cleared of a similar murder by appeal court judges on a technicality . beggs was jailed in 1987 at teeside crown court for murdering a barman he met in a gay nightclub by slashing his throat , only to have the conviction overturned by the court of appeal , the bbc reported at the time . the court also learned that at the same trial beggs was convicted of two charges of wounding and sentenced to four months for each . he was also jailed for six years in 1991 for slashing the leg of a man who escaped by jumping through a glass window . beggs has repeatedly tried and failed to have his conviction overturned at the supreme court .