head coach tony pulis insists west brom will relish their underdog tag as they start their nightmare run-in . the baggies host liverpool on saturday eight points above the barclays premier league relegation zone . they also face manchester united , chelsea and arsenal in their final five games , along with a trip to newcastle . west bromwich albion manager tony pulis believes his side can rise to the challenge of facing the top teams . west brom beat crystal palace 2-0 last saturday to move them eight points clear of the relegation zone . but pulis will embrace their challenge against the big hitters as the baggies try to reach his 40 points survival target . ' we ca n't be below 100 per cent , not just physically but mentally , ' he said , with albion on 36 points . ' every game that we play in now we will be the underdog and i 've always enjoyed that . ' as for the three points last weekend , i was most concerned about ( restoring ) the confidence in the players . ' liverpool come to the hawthorns after their disappointing display in the 2-1 fa cup semi final defeat to aston villa on sunday . and pulis insisted they must still be respected despite their slip . ' you have to give villa credit . they were very , very good . they caused them lots of problems , ' he said . jordan henderson ( right ) celebrates scoring liverpool 's winning goal in a 2-1 win over west bromwich albion at anfield back in october 's reverse premier league fixture . april 25 : liverpool ( home ) . may 2 : manchester united ( away ) . may 9 : newcastle united ( away ) . may 18 : chelsea ( home ) . may 24 : arsenal ( away ) . ' brendan rodgers knows what the premier league is like . expectations are going to be different to what they were like at swansea , ' they expect you to win trophies at liverpool . ' it 's ebbs and flows . you have to ride with the waves and make sure you have a clear view of where you want to go . ' ( raheem ) sterling , ( philippe ) coutinho , ( daniel ) sturridge , ( adam ) lallana - whoever he plays they have great players . ' liverpool loanee andre wisdom is ineligible to face his parent club while youssouf mulumbu is suspended but craig dawson has shaken off a dead leg which forced him off in the 2-0 win at crystal palace last week . 