still employed : rolling stone is not expected to take any action against sabrina rubin erdely , whose reporting was roundly discredited . an independent review of rolling stone 's story about an alleged violent gang rape at the university of virginia said the story fell apart because of ' basic , even routine ' failures of journalism . professors at the columbia university graduate school of journalism issued a 12,000-word autopsy of the discredited story sunday night , going through its shortcomings step by step . rolling stone bosses commissioned the review after the story , by contributing editor sabrina rubin erdely , was called into serious question . however , despite the uncompromising conclusions of the journalism experts , nobody will lose their job over the story . jann wenner , the publisher of rolling stone , confirmed to the new york times that everybody would remain in their positions . he defended her reporting , and described the supposed rape victim as ' a really expert fabulist storyteller ' . erdely , who went to ground as the row over her article erupted , issued an apology in the wake of the review , admitting ' i did not go far enough ' . her piece credulously recounted the story of an anonymous student - referred to as jackie - who said she was lured to the phi kappa psi house and raped by a gang of seven men . it described the ordeal , during which jackie said she was passed from man to man in an excruciating three hours of pain , during which she was also supposedly penetrated with a beer bottle upstairs during a pledging event . the article recounted the event in vivid , graphic detail based on jackie 's account . it said : ' there was a heavy person on top of her , spreading open her thighs , and another person kneeling on her hair , hands pinning down her arms , sharp shards digging into her back , and excited male voices rising all around her . ' when yet another hand clamped over her mouth , jackie bit it , and the hand became a fist that punched her in the face . the men surrounding her began to laugh . ' scroll down for video . report : the columbia journalism school is expected to release a review of the botched story sunday night . describing the moment she supposedly passed out from pain , it continued : ' someone handed her classmate a beer bottle . jackie stared at the young man , silently begging him not to go through with it . ' and as he shoved the bottle into her , jackie fell into a stupor , mentally untethering from the brutal tableau , her mind leaving behind the bleeding body under assault on the floor . ' the review spelled out extensive contact between erdely and jackie , spanning eight interviews . erdely wrote 405 pages of notes about the story . jackie also spent four hours speaking to a rolling stone fact-checker . anonymous : jackie has never been identified . police officials say she refused to be interviewed in the course of their investigation . erdely had asked repeatedly for the name of the supposed attacker , but jackie said she was not ' comfortable ' with the idea of him being contacted for the story . but they ultimately decided to rely on her for virtually all the information in the account , which led to inconsistencies not being discovered until after publication . erdely asked jackie again for the name once the public interrogation of her account began . this time she agreed - but it emerged she did not even know how to spell the surname of the man , referred to as ' drew ' in the story . experts at columbia concluded that erdely , her editors , and the fact-checking department all failed to try hard enough to speak to the accused , and other people mentioned in the story . and , they said , when they did speak to organizations , including the fraternity and uva , they provided so little information that there was no way for them to check the events themselves and flag any inconsistent information . they said that had they reached out to some people named - specifically friends whom jackie spoke to immediately after the supposed rape - her credibility would have collapsed in time to ditch the story . erdely asked to speak to one of the friends - fellow student ryan duffin - using jackie as a go-between . jackie told erdely he refused and was ' incredulous ' at the request , calling the rolling stone article a 's*** show ' . duffin later said that jackie never spoke to him at all . erdely admitted that if she had spoken to duffin and realized the inconsistency , she would likely have dropped jackie 's story . claims : the story published in november focused on a university of virginia student named jackie who claimed to have been gang raped by seven men at the campus ' phi kappa psi fraternity two years ago . above , the frat house on january 15 , 2015 . another possible way erdely could have found out inconsistencies in the story would have been giving fuller details to the fraternity and uva when asking them for comment , the review said . stepehn scipione , the chapter president of phi kappa , was asked to comment on the allegations without being given dates of the supposed attack or any details about who was involved . he told the review : ' it was complete bull***t. they were n't telling me what they were going to write about . they were n't telling me any dates or details . ' when the full story was published , phi kappa psi responded by pointing out there had been no party on the date jackie gave . they also said that - despite claims of a pledging ritual taking place at the time - the fraternity house was then home to no pledges . the review concluded : ' rolling stone 's repudiation of the main narrative in a rape on campus is a story of journalistic failure that was avoidable . ' the failure encompassed reporting , editing , editorial supervision and fact-checking . ' the magazine set aside or rationalized as unnecessary essential practices of reporting that , if pursued , would likely have led the magazine 's editors to reconsider publishing jackie 's narrative so prominently , if at all . ' the published story glossed over the gaps in the magazine 's reporting by using pseudonyms and by failing to state where important information had come from . ' it recommended that rolling stone tighten its procedures around fact-checking and offer more details when requesting comment from subjects . it also questioned the use of pseudonyms , and said the magazine should consider banning them . at the same time as publishing the review , rolling stone announced that it was ' officially retracting ' the story , which has amassed more than 2.7million views online . the page where the story was hosted until sunday night now redirected to the columbia review , which has the subtitle ' an anatomy of a journalistic failure ' . sean woods , one of jackie 's editors , described the scandal over the article as ' it 's been an extraordinarily painful and humbling experience ' . he later added : ' ultimately , we were too deferential to our rape victim ; we honored too many of her requests in our reporting . ' we should have been much tougher , and in not doing that , we maybe did her a disservice . ' in a personal statement released online , erdely said : ' reading the columbia account of the mistakes and misjudgements in my reporting was a brutal and humbling expereince . ' i want to offer my deepest apologies : to rolling stone 's readers , to my rolling stone editors and colleagues , to the uva community , and to any victims of sexual assault who may feel fearful as a resolut of my article . she said that as a reporter she must : ' weigh my compassion against my journalistic duty to find the truth . ' however , in the case of jackie and her account of her traumatic rape , i did not go far enough to verify her story . ' i allowed my concern for jackie 's well-being , my fear of re-traumatizing her , and my confidence in her credibility to take the place of more questioning and more facts . these are mistakes i wlll not make again . '  