single-serve coffee capsules in 2014 hit over $ 3 billion in us sales , it 's been revealed . the finding was unveiled in a cbs news report by susan spencer on one such company that manufactures them , the vermont-based keurig green mountain . speaking to spencer , keurig 's chief technology officer kevin sullivan explained the appeal of his company 's single-serve coffee machine is that users can ' just close the handle and touch a button , and away it goes . ' scroll down for video . success : keurig 's chief technology officer kevin sullivan has said that single-serve coffee has ' found the hidden need - the need that people did n't know they had ' . keurig green mountain 's single-serve capsules in 2014 hit over $ 3 billion in us sales . cbs news revealed that keurig green mountain has proved highly successfully and made $ 4.7 billion in revenue . among its many coffee flavors available , keurig sells on its website krispy kreme , starbucks , folgers , dunkin donuts and kahlua options . prices vary , but 24-counts of single-serve coffee capsules - often simply referred to as k-cups - usually have list prices between $ 15.49 and $ 17.99 , with members paying slightly less . ' single serve , i think , found the hidden need - the need that people did n't know they had , ' sullivan said during the interview . 1/3 of homes in the united states now feature single-serve coffee machines , cbs news reported . spencer said in the interview ' a cup of coffee made this way is not necessarily cheap . ' sullivan answered ' it 's less expensive than if you go to a coffee shop , but it 's more expensive than if you bought a pound of coffee and did your drip grind . ' big hit : keurig green mountain has also made $ 4.7 billion in revenue , and 1/3 of homes in the us reportedly feature single-serve coffee machines . science : keurig employees are seen with coffee equipment at the company 's offices . at one point in the interview , spencer posed the question ' so where is keurig now in terms of making these things recyclable ? ' ' we 've been hard at work to solve that problem , ' sullivan answered . ' we introduced a system called vue that has cups that are , in fact , recyclable . ' we have a company objective that everything will be recyclable by the year 2020 . we certainly are n't going to wait that long . i think we 're going to start that much sooner , and hopefully convert sooner than that . ' keurig has said on its website that a new type of k-cup is being created , and that ' we intend to move toward polypropylene ( # 5 ) plastic for the cup itself — a material often used in common household items , such as yogurt and butter containers . ' the company said the material ' is [ ... ] accepted by recyclers in approximately 60 % of communities in the united states and 93 % of communities in canada . ' according to keurig , the company is ' working with the recycling community and other partners to develop a more robust recycling infrastructure that accepts # 5 plastics in even more communities and that can consistently capture small items , such as our portion packs . '  