two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ' all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl involving up to 20 holidaymakers at pontins . police were called after teenagers started ' running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas at southport holiday park , merseyside , yesterday evening . holidaymakers said two women were knocked out in the fight , which they said started in the main hall before spilling out to an outside area . scroll down for video . two women were knocked out and a reveller was arrested after ' all hell broke loose ' in a mass brawl involving up to 20 holidaymakers at pontins ( pictured ) in southport , merseyside . one man from liverpool , who was staying in a chalet with his pregnant wife and three-year-old daughter , said the argument appeared to start after a confrontation between two groups . he said : ' it was revolting . all hell broke loose . it was supposed to be a nice peaceful weekend but we just packed up and left . it was murder . ' it all went off just after 7.30pm . there were girls picking up chairs and throwing them and there were teenagers running riot . people were screaming . it turned into a free-for-all . police were called after teenagers started ' running riot ' and women threw chairs at one and other during the fracas . ' there was entertainment in the hall and the man on stage was still singing while it was all going on . it went on for a good half an hour and people were going outside and smashing cars . ' a lad knocked two girls clean out and they were lying there on the floor . ' i said to my wife ' '' come on , we 'll get our stuff , we 're going '' . my daughter woke up this morning and she was asking about the man in a grey jacket who hit a girl . ' merseyside police said it received two calls about the incident , both reporting a fight at the site . one report said 15 people were involved and the second caller estimated 20 people were fighting . a spokesman said : ' we received two reports about a disturbance at pontins at 8.05pm . a 26-year-old man from huyton was arrested on suspicion of section 47 assault . ' security officers were on site as well . ' a pontins spokesman was unavailable for comment . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .