gran canaria – just off the coast of africa , yet still in europe – is one of the most popular winter holiday retreats for britons . gareth huw davies visits the volcanic outpost in the atlantic , said by one scientist to enjoy the best climate in the world , and draws up his list of things to see and do… . golden opportunity : the glorious dunes at maspalomas , and , above right , santa ana cathedral in las palmas . 1 ... style revolution . is a design revolution brewing in the canary islands ? the apollo hotel , built at the dawn of the tourism boom in the resort of playa del ingles , has been entirely revamped as the swish , sumptuous , adults-only bohemia suites & spa . rooms , looking over the rippling dunes of maspalomas , include stylish touches such as an illuminated armchair by designer philippe starck on the balcony . opened in 2012 , the bohemia is an elegant retreat smack in the centre of a busy destination on gran canaria’s southern tip . it is one of only two places on the island included in design hotels’ global list of 260 independent properties . each place reflects the ideas of a visionary hotelier , in this case german rembert euling . golden wonder : the three-mile-long las canteras is a must-see for sun worshippers . 2 ... sea symphony . gran canaria is just four hours from the uk , making it one of the most easily reached locations for guaranteed winter sun . in 1996 a us academic concluded that it enjoyed the best climate in the world . at the end of gran canaria’s best beach – the three-mile-long las canteras – they set the seaside to music . the alfredo kraus auditorium ( named after the canarian tenor ) was built in the 1990s as a ‘ theatre of the ocean’ , set on a pedestal of volcanic stone . this is one of the most drum-rollingly impressive locations for any performance centre . see the atlantic rise and fall through an enormous picture window behind the stage , while you watch distinguished visitors such as the vienna philharmonic orchestra , or the island’s own philharmonic orchestra and world stars at the canaries jazz festival . why not opt for the winding route through the mountains , and stop off at the old villages such as san bartolome along the way . 3 ... take the high road . there are two ways to cross 30-mile-long gran canaria : take the dull but fast coastal motorway , which runs along the eastern and southern fringe of this circular island , or follow the twisty , switchback route right through its 6,000ft-high heart . when the light is right , there is a dreamy vista of mountain upon mountain . the road passes towering ravines and an ancient volcanic crater , scattered with the ubiquitous cardon cactus . centuries separate the crowded coastal resorts and old villages such as san bartolome , with its cobbled streets , where the air is fresh and clean . on this island of so many paths , the finest of all is the pilgrims way , the camino de santiago . unesco world heritage site old las palma was a favourite of the likes of columbus . 4 ... plaza perfect . old las palmas made a rare and long-lasting export to the new world – its little central square , the plaza mayor de santa ana . with its neat arrangement of town hall , santa ana cathedral , episcopal palace and other civic buildings all in one place , it was taken as the model for many of the main squares in central and south american cities in the 16th and 17th centuries . today , old las palmas is recognised as a unesco world heritage site for its role as an architectural staging post between the old and new worlds . columbus called here three times on his journeys west . he is celebrated in the old town in the fine old columbus museum , casa museo de colon , where he is thought to have stopped in 1492 . visit europe 's only coffee plantation , and also try the grown tropical fruit and vineyard . 5 ... coffee break . in the shade of ancient pines in the agaete valley , under the tamadaba mountains on the north of the island , they raise a rare crop . this is the world’s most northerly coffee plantation , and the only one in europe . we visited la finca de la laja , where we were shown around the estate by the infectiously enthusiastic victor lugo jorge , who was naturally keen to show us a photograph of stephen hawking on a recent visit . receiving visitors , and serving a delicious lunch of home produce , is the latest stage in a busy diversification at this combined arabica coffee plantation , tropical fruit farm ( they raise guava , oranges , avocados and mangos ) , vineyard , cheesemaker , and olive oil producer . enjoy a colourful starter of papas arrugadas at smile cooking in las palmas . 6 ... raising a smile . papas arrugadas – small wrinkled potatoes boiled in salt water and then baked , and topped with a red and green pepper mojo sauce – is the brightest dish in the canary islands . it certainly made for a colourful starter on our visit to smile cooking in las palmas . at smile , you can observe the chef at work , and try your hand at the dish in question if you choose , before settling back to enjoy a meal . one local star helping to raise the island’s culinary standards is xavier franquet , executive chef at the bohemia suites & spa’s 360° restaurant . xavier worked at the famously innovative el bulli restaurant in spain , and offers a menu full of invention and daring . the restaurant , on the hotel’s eighth floor , is also open to non-residents . gareth stayed as a guest of the bohemia suites & spa ( bohemia-grancanaria.com ) . for details on smile cooking , visit sonriecocinando.com . for more information , see grancanaria.com . 