perched on the rooftops of tall buildings in cities across the world , a french photographer has captured the essence of what people do when they 're alone , in places where they 're surrounded by millions of other people . in her photography project , inside views , floriane de lassee spots movement in the standstill of the night - she finds lone beating hearts who still have the light on when everyone else is sleeping . ' no matter whether it’s paris or istanbul . i do not photograph cities , but an imaginary city that inhabits each megalopolis . it is the product of the man’s excesses , his genius , his madness . the city exceeds the overflow . she is about to devour us , ' de lassee says about her project . scroll down for video . from one window into another , french photographer floriane de lassee captures a photograph of a man practicing his piano in his london flat . a woman looks on at the vast skyline ahead of her as she stands on a balcony . with a light illuminating her from the front , she appears to radiate in the darkness of the run-down building beside her . in some of her photos , including this one , de lassee gets close enough to her subjects that she can capture their facial expressions as well as the vast metropolises behind them . in was appears to be an empty building in tokyo , a person gazes out the window into the night . there is n't a person or car in sight in the illuminated city . in this photo , taken in an unknown city , de lassee snaps a photo of a person looking to the skyline as she appears to be on the same roof . de lassee has been photographing the cities of insomnia for at least ten years , and she had a book published filled with pictures of the cities that never sleep in 2008 . the french photographer found her inspiration when she studied at the international center of photography in new york , according to les photographes . her east village apartment faced a police station 's ' recreation room ' , where officers , still in uniform , would play table tennis . she found the angle at which she could watch them to be one that should be photographed . ' i 'm just trying to move me , to move others , to bring them further in their dreams or in the perception of the world around them . the city that i show is both terrifying and touching . it is this balance that interests me , ' she told les photographes . a woman in shanghai stands on her lighted balcony and stares at the massive buildings across the water . shanghai has a population of more than 14million people . a person looks down from their balcony in what appears to be a private moment , but look above two floors and a neighbor close by still has his or her lights on , too . two people have a conversation in a room high above the motorway , which is till filled with cars flowing in all directions driving through the darkness . lights show that this building is home to many different things . the top floor appears to be filled with woman practicing their pole dancing techniques , while floors below show a boardroom and what looks like a high-top table . a woman in an unknown city looks out her floor-to-ceiling window into the city and trees below her high-rise apartment building . her images show the moment vast cityscapes collide with sole protagonists , resting on balconies , doing work in offices and gazing out windows into the distance . some pictures show truly how small one person can be compared to the sweeping cities surrounding him or her . de lassee 's goal , however , is not to capture a particular city . she instead tries to find the common traits and emotions that the cities ' inhabitants share , according to vanilla magazine . the scenes in which her metropolis photos are set are found across the world , including las vegas , new york , moscow , paris , istanbul , shanghai and tokyo . a woman in istanbul lies down on her small bed in her flat that sits just in front of the massive and beautiful st. sophia mosque . de lassee 's photos can open small windows into people 's lives . her artwork can make a viewer wonder why this man is still up while others are sleeping and why he has such a variety of objects filling his living space . all of the lights are still on in this top-floor apartment . a person sits in front of a bookshelf in the fourth window from the right , while it appears as though no one else is home . though the front door is wide open , a person takes a rest on the bed in this undisclosed city with no fears of intruders from below reaching the flat . a woman sits on her couch with her floor-to-ceiling windows wide open on what appears to be a warm paris night on rue lamarck .