a desperate leukaemia patient is lying over hot coals every day in the hope it will kill off cancer cells . jia binhui , 25 , can not afford hospital treatment and hopes his alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease . he claims experts advised him that temperatures higher than 42 degrees celsius can kill the cancerous cells in his body , according to the people 's daily online . brave : jia binhui , who can not afford hospital treatment , hopes his home-made alternative treatment will fight the deadly disease . he built a human barbecue in his garden in yunlong county in southwest china 's yunnan province , which he lies on above a fire below , like a spit roast . jia , who was diagnosed with blood cancer in 2013 , has had a bone marrow transplant , costing £55,000 , which was funded by well-wishers . coming from a family of poor farm workers , further hospital treatments have used up his remaining funds . fire starter : jia binhui collects sawdust , twigs and sticks to set a fire that he can lie above . contraption : jia lies on top of the wooden poles once the fire ( right ) has died down . he hopes temperatures above 42c will cure his cancer . desperate bid : he hopes the scorching coals will cure his leukaemia cells after running out of money for hospital treatment . jia wrote on his weibo account : ' they say experts believe a temperature higher than 42 degrees celsius can kill cancer cells , so i set up a contraption in my backyard to try . ' let 's see if it works . ' last month , jia married his long-term girlfriend liu yuan and said he refuses to be defeated by the disease . the fire is made using sawdust , twigs and branches which he then lights and leaves to burn for several minutes for it to get hot enough . determined : jia married his long-term girlfriend liu yuan last month and refuses to give up despite not being able to fund cancer treatment . home hospital : jia has built the device at his home in southwest china 's yunnan province in the hope it will cure his cancer . he then lies on top of the wooden poles for as long as he can physically take the roasting temperature . ' i 've been told that it also works in water . but it 's nearly impossible to keep water constantly at 42 degrees celsius , so i 'm using this method instead ' he said . jai added that he will continue using this unorthodox treatment before returning to the hospital to see if his condition has improved .