dui : rand paul 's eldest son william paul , 22 , was cited for a dui on sunday in lexington , kentucky but not arrested . a son of republican presidential candidate rand paul was pulled over on suspicion of driving under the influence on sunday . however william hilton paul , 22 , was not arrested . paul was driving a 2006 honda ridgeline at 11.24am when he crashed into the back of an unoccupied parked car , in lexington , kentucky , according to police . some people nearby heard the crash and alerted authorities . witnesses said paul was ' revving his engine ' while sitting alone in the truck , reported kentucky.com . lexington police spokeswoman sherelle roberts said paul was treated at the university of kentucky hospital for minor injuries to his face . paul failed a field sobriety test , reported lex18.com . he refused blood and breathalyzer tests at the hospital . although the 22-year-old had ' bloodshot , watery eyes ' and was behaving in a ' belligerent ' way according to the report , he was not arrested . roberts said that is standard protocol for a case in which a dui suspect is hospitalized . the 22-year-old student is scheduled to be arraigned in fayette district court on may 12 . paul , a senior at the university of kentucky majoring in communications , has two previous alcohol-related run-ins with the law . in october 2013 , paul was cited for possession of alcohol by a minor by the kentucky department of alcoholic beverage control while drinking at a racetrack . in january 2013 , paul was charged with assaulting a female flight attendant , underage consumption , disorderly conduct , and being intoxicated and disruptive when his flight arrived at the airport . those charges were dropped after paul completed alcohol education classes and community service . on sunday , a police officer cited paul for operating a motor vehicle under the influence of alcohol and failure of a nonowner/operator to maintain insurance . paul was alone at the time of the crash . a campaign spokesman said senator rand paul does not comment on any private matters with regards to his family . rand paul , pictured on saturday , a republican 2016 presidential contender , refused to comment after his son crashed into a parked car on sunday in lexington , kentucky while under the influence of alcohol . 