unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup . the centurions twice came from behind in thrilling fashion to beat the red devils 22-18 in front of a 6,358 crowd at leigh sports village and stretch their winning run to 21 matches . the build-up to the fifth-round tie was dominated by the selection by leigh of former england forward gareth hock despite an agreement not to play against his old club , but he played little part in their downfall . unbeaten championship leaders leigh delivered a stunning knockout blow as super league club salford crashed out of the ladbrokes challenge cup . hock , one of five ex-salford players in the home line-up , spent just 25 minutes on the field in two spells and looked well short of match fitness . instead it was left to former wigan hooker bob beswick to orchestrate a magnificent display by paul rowley 's men , who trailed 6-0 and 18-12 to their super league visitors , who were badly hit by injuries and indebted to a superb performance from french half-back theo fages for keeping them in contention right to the end . the match was played amid a wonderful atmosphere and the ferocity was in evidence inside the first minute when salford forward cory paterson was placed on report for a high and late tackle on leigh full-back gregg mcnally . fages opened the scoring after seven minutes when he dummied his way over for the first try and his half-back partner michael dobson kicked the conversion before hurting his knee in a collision four minutes later . dobson attempted to play on but eventually succumbed to his injury and the red devils also lost centre junior sa'u with a wrist injury before half-time . with paterson also limping , the visitors were rocked by the flair and determination of their championship opponents , who scored two tries in four minutes to go 12-6 ahead . beswick was the provider each time , a short pass getting veteran forward tommy goulden over from close range while mcnally finished off his break from halfway , and martyn ridyard kicked both conversions . that was the signal for hock to enter the fray but salford turned the tables with two tries either side of the break from niall evalds to retake the lead . they drew level on 34 minutes when fages broke clear to get the full-back over for his first try and got his over again three minutes into the second half courtesy of a neat reverse pass . paterson kicked both goals to make it 18-12 and leigh missed a glorious chance to level matters when centre tom armstrong got winger liam kay haring for the corner only for him to lose the ball in fages ' last-ditch tackle . just when salford seemed to be in control , the game took a new twist as leigh stormed back in front . they were thrown a lifeline on 63 minutes when salford winger ben jones-bishop 's careless pass was snapped up by leigh half-back ryan brierley for a gift of a try . ridyard 's third goal tied the scores and the centurions regained the lead three minutes later mcnally fashioned a try for winger johnathan pownall . there was no shortage of action right to the end but leigh , who pushed leeds all the way in last year 's quarter-final , hung on and just about deserved their famous victory . 