a former prison officer has claimed staff at one of britain 's toughest jails regularly arrange brutal fights between rival criminals behind bars . peter hiett , a decorated former prison guard at feltham young offenders institution , said staff would put inmates in a cell padded with mattresses and leave them to fight out any differences . the 49-year-old , who worked at the jail for eight years and was commended for bravery , said some workers would even stay and watch the battle unfold , while others ' turned a blind eye to it ' . he also said gangs controlled entire wings at the jail in hounslow , south west london , leaving staff afraid to visit some areas of the prison for fear of being attacked . scroll down for video . peter hiett , a decorated former prison guard at feltham young offenders institution in hounslow ( pictured ) , claims staff regularly arrange brutal fights between rival criminals behind bars at britain 's toughest jail . the claims echo scenes from 1999 film fight club starring brad pitt , in which gangsters organise mass brawls in underground ' fight clubs ' . mr hiett told the sunday people : ' it was like a sport for them . if two inmates had a grudge they 'd put them together in a room to sort it out . ' they only stopped when one was knocked out or could n't defend themselves any more . ' his revelations come after he left the prison in january last year , amid claims he was forced out for trying to lift the lid on the goings-on . he claims the in-fighting was often kept hidden from the overriding authorities , with the prison 's management setting up a behaviour management group to ' fiddle the assault figures ' . he said common tactics were to treat group attacks as just one assault and to encourage inmates to admit to the lesser charge of health and safety over assault . the former officer said : ' there would be 15 or 20 lads from the same gang on the same wing . they would protect each other , deal drugs . ' and if they saw another gang member all hell broke loose – their wars do n't stop when they 're behind bars . ' but if an inmate assaulted someone , the governor did n't want it written down like that . staff would advise prisoners to admit a lesser charge . ' there were high levels of ' unpredictable and reckless ' violence among the 240 boys aged 15 to 18 at feltham young offenders ' institution last year , a report by her majesty 's inspectorate of prisons found ( file picture ) . claims from former prison officer peter hiett about feltham echo that of scenes in 1999 film fight club ( above ) . earlier this year , it was revealed that inmates at feltham represent 48 different gangs , fuelling a ' constant juggling ' by prison officers to keep the boys apart . a report found there were high levels of ' unpredictable and reckless ' violence among the 240 boys aged 15 to 18 at the young offenders ' institution , a significant amount of which was gang-related . around a quarter of the boys - most of whom are from the london area - were placed on so-called ' keep apart ' lists to tackle gang-related violence , inspectors from her majesty 's inspectorate of prisons ( hmip ) said . former feltham prison officer emma beard pictured outside court ahead of being jailed . former prison offer peter hiett was also among the guards who reported fellow worker emma beard for performing sex acts on an inmate in his cell . beard , a married mother-of-four , had sex with teenage murderer danny mclean , then aged 18 , at feltham young offenders institution and even wrote love letters to him , which included intimate photographs . beard , then aged 31 , pleaded guilty to misconduct in public office and was jailed for 12 months at isleworth crown court in 2010 . jailing her , judge oliver told her : ' you put the security of yourself and the other officers at the young offenders ' institution at risk and that is a serious matter . ' it has to be prison for you , you can not in your role , break the law and expect to get away with it . ' the number of fights and assaults had reduced since the previous hmip inspection , but remained ' too high ' with 262 incidents between july 2014 and january this year , including 79 assaults on staff . some incidents were deemed ' very serious ' by inspectors and involved gangs of boys attacking a single boy or member of staff in a ' very determined way ' . feltham is divided into two sites , with boys aged 15 to 18 held in site a , and 400 young adults aged 18 to 21 in site b . mr hiett said he tried to raise his concerns several times internally before he eventually approached jeremy wright – who was the minister for prisons at the time . mr wright ordered an inspection of the prison in march 2013 and called for a radical overhaul of the way the jail was run . inspectors said it was one of the most concerning visits they had conducted . despite calls for an overhaul , feltham was named last year as the most violent prison in england and wales by the howard league for penal reform . but the authorities believe improvements are underway and it is simply taking time to see the changes because of the ' multiple challenges that need to be addressed ' . following the publication of january 's report , lin hinnigan , the chief executive of the youth justice board , said : ' it is clear from the report that , since the last inspection in 2013 , improvements to feltham a have been made ; and we are grateful to the inspection team for recognising the dedication of the staff who work there . ' however , and as the report also acknowledges , the young people placed in feltham are some of the most challenging of the cohort we have across the youth secure estate . ' improving feltham a is very much a work in progress , and will take time because of the multiple challenges that need to be addressed . ' in response to mr hietts ' claims , a spokesman for hm prison service told mailonline : ' these inflammatory and damaging allegations are completely untrue and do a huge disservice to the hard working staff at yoi feltham . ' it is totally untrue to claim that staff have been complicit in any acts of violence , or that there are `` no-go '' areas within the establishment . ' it is also absolutely wrong to say that figures relating to incidents at feltham have been in any way altered . ' 