usain bolt says tyson gay should have been given a longer ban for drugs cheating , and branded the decision to shorten his punishment ' the stupidest thing i 've ever heard ' . gay had his suspension reduced after he agreed to co-operate with authorities , and is now set to compete against bolt after returning to the sport . but bolt said he felt ' let down ' by the american sprinter , and is not looking forward to competing against a man he used to respect . usain bolt says tyson gay 's reduced ban is ' the stupidest thing i 've ever heard ' after his doping suspension . bolt said he used to respect gay as a competitor , but is no longer looking forward to racing against him . 1 . usain bolt - berlin 2009 - 9.58 . 2 . usain bolt - london 2012 - 9.63 . 3= . usain bolt - beijing 2008 - 9.69 . 3= . tyson gay - berlin 2009 - 9.69 . 3= . yohan blake - lausanne 2012 - 9.69 . ' i was really upset about that , ' the world 's fastest man said in an interview with runners world , extracts of which have been published by the times . ' he got a year just because he talked to the authorities about how it was done and who helped him . ' that sends the wrong message : ' if you do it and get caught , just tell us all you know and we 'll lower your ban . ' it 's the stupidest thing i 've ever heard . the message should be : `` if you cheat you 're going to be kicked out of the sport . '' ' bolt stressed that he had regarded gay , the joint-second fastest man of all time behind the jamaican , as a rival who kept him on his toes , but now says he will feel no joy competing against the disgraced sprinter . bolt is the fastest man of all time , but gay is close behind him and is now returning to the sport . ' it really bothers me , ' he added . ' i 'm not worried about him beating me , i think it 's because i respected him so much over the years . he was a competitor , kept me on my toes and he pushed me to always do my best . ' then to find out that he was on drugs — it 's a bit like i think parents must feel when they have a kid who does something bad and lets them down . i feel like he let me down and he let the sport down . ' 