brendan rodgers conceded defeat in his quest for the top four and admitted this slide out of the elite will damage liverpool in the transfer market . rodgers knows he must work harder to sell anfield as a destination for ambitious players without the lure of a champions league campaign — and to keep those who might be hankering after a move , such as raheem sterling . ‘ it makes it difficult , there’s no doubt about that , ’ said the liverpool manager . ‘ most players want to be in the champions league . they want to play at the top level of the game and if you’re not in the champions league it makes it difficult for you . we know that . liverpool boss brendan rodgers has conceded defeat in his quest for the top four . liverpool players leave the pitch after the 4-1 defeat against arsenal on saturday afternoon . arsenal have won 17 of their 20 games since christmas in all competitions . that includes 12 premier league wins , one in the champions league and four fa cup victories . ‘it’s going to be a little like this until we become more stable . we’ve got young players who are growing , getting more experience and then hopefully there will be a period where we qualify again . we want to be in the champions league . that’s important and it is key for us . ‘it’s highly unlikely this year . but liverpool is a great club . i said that before i came into it . it’s a phenomenal club that players want to play for . ’ rodgers starts the week seven points adrift of the champions league places with fourth-placed manchester city playing tonight at crystal palace . successive defeats against direct rivals manchester united and arsenal have seen him write off his top-four hopes . ‘i’m a realist , ’ said the liverpool boss . ‘ we needed to take something from arsenal . if we’d done that then our chances would have been greater . i wouldn’t expect the others to slip up , particularly arsenal or manchester united . i don’t expect them to do that . add to that , the sort of growing number we’ve got unavailable i think it will make it very , very difficult with only seven games to go . ’ rodgers will instead prioritise the fa cup . it is nine years since liverpool won the trophy but indiscipline is eating away at his options ahead of wednesday’s quarter-final replay against blackburn . anthony taylor had no choice but to send emre can off after he committed a poor tackle on danny welbeck . jordan henderson tried to argue can 's case after the defender saw red for a second bookable offence . centre halves emre can and martin skrtel are suspended , which will not help solve the defensive shambles which unfolded at the emirates stadium . steven gerrard is also banned after being sent off against united . mario balotelli ruled himself out of the 4-1 defeat at arsenal , complaining of an unspecified knee injury after training on the eve of the game , while daniel sturridge played and did not look confident about his own fitness after pulling out of england duty with a hip injury . after selling luis suarez last summer and starting the campaign poorly , liverpool recovered , only to lose their impetus after beating manchester city a month ago . ‘ we always felt this year was going to be difficult , that was the reality of it , ’ said rodgers . ‘ our run last year nearly brought us the title . we lost a world-class player and lots of other developments happened within the club . mario balotelli ( left ) ruled himself out of the defeat after complaining of an unspecified knee injury . rodgers cites losing a 'world-class player ' like luis suarez ( right ) has made things difficult for liverpool . ‘ but it’s frustrating that we got ourselves in a position over the last three months , very close , to then come up short in the past two games . i look at arsenal and their bench , the players , the world-class players on the field with big talent and it shows the continual work we have to do . ‘ we don’t give up . we will fight right to the end . obviously the fa cup is a priority for us . but there’s been lots of positives from it , looking at players’ development , seeing players grow , it’s been good . ‘ and , as a manager not that long in the game , it’s been great for me up to this point , learning about the dynamics of everything . we can still fight and we have an obligation to represent the supporters in the last seven games , and in the fa cup , to finish as well as we can . ’ liverpool will meet arsenal again at wembley in the fa cup final , if it all goes to form , and arsene wenger’s team are finishing the season in irresistible form . the arsenal players celebrate hector bellerin 's goal during the 4-1 victory on saturday . they have won 17 of 20 games in all competitions since christmas , a sequence spoiled by the aberration in the first leg against monaco in the champions league . there are grounds for optimism at the emirates but wenger has good vibes about the future . ‘ we have a good mentality and good cohesion in the team , ’ said the arsenal boss . ‘ there is something happening . that shows you that they are ready to fight for each other . you can see that . ' you can’t cheat on that . people smell that.that of course is a good basis , and defensively we are getting better . i think you also have to give credit to players who get less , such as francis coquelin . ‘ but i am old enough to know that things are never as comfortable as they look . let’s judge at the end of the season . ‘we’re on a good run and it will be down to how we can maintain that focus and urgency . ’