as a new parent , one of the most trying parts of caring for a baby is getting them to go to sleep . however , you may be able to wave goodbye tp sleepless nights thanks to one father who has come up with a trick that can get your little one to sleep in less than one minute . nathan dailo , from sydney , uploaded a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son seth to drift off in just 42 seconds . the clip that has now received almost 26,000 views sees the father gliding a piece of white tissue paper over his son 's face repeatedly until he nods off . nathan uploaded the video , writing : ' i 'm sure every parent tries new things to put their little one to sleep . ' watch as my wife and i put our 3 month old baby boy , seth , to sleep in under a minute using nothing but a piece of tissue paper . ' at the beginning of the video little seth seems anything other than sleepy as he fidgets and whines in his cot . a father from sydney has worked out a way of making his baby fall asleep in 42 seconds . in his youtube video , nathan dailo shows that by running tissue paper over his son seth makes him sleep . then nathan slowly begins stroking seth 's face gently with the piece of white tissue paper . the first few strokes of tissue paper seems to have little effect on baby seth who appears to be wide awake , however after the fifth stroke seth 's eyes begin droop . he slowly begins to drift off , opening his eyes occasionally but but by the 14th stroke he has drifted off entirely , and all in just 42 seconds . and it appears that nathan is not the only one it has worked for . one grateful viewer of the video commented : ' this worked for my baby 5 times already so thanks ! ' got a better method ? we want to hear how you get your baby to sleep ! email us at femail @ mailonline.co.uk with your tips and tricks . by the 14th stroke baby seth has stopped fidgeting and has completely drifted off . the video has already received 26,000 views since being uploaded two weeks ago . 