a man who spent 15 years on death row in alabama has been freed after his conviction was quashed and he struck a bargain with prosecutors . william ziegler , now 39 , was initially convicted of capital murder in 2001 for killing russell allen baker , an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in mobile the previous year . however in 2012 his conviction was overturned by judge sarah stewart who blasted his initial trial , pointing out that his lawyers were substandard , a key witness later recounted her testimony , and that a juror lied about his views on the death penalty during selection . william ziegler , now 39 , was jailed in 2001 ( pictured ) for the killing of russell allen baker , an acquaintance of his who was found dead next to his house in mobile the previous year . ziegler ( cetnre , with his mother , second left ) had his conviction for capital murder quashed in 2012 after a judge blasted his initial trial , allowing him to cut a plea deal which saw him walk free today . today he is a free man again after he agreed to plead guilty to aiding and abetting murder , with the judge sentencing him to the 15 years and 50 days he has already served , al.com reported . the ruling , which has been hailed by mr ziegler 's family , marks the second time in recent weeks that a death row prisoner has walked free . on april 3 anthony ray hinton was released after spending 30 years in jail for a 1985 shooting in which two fast food managers were shot dead . his conviction was overturned after tests on the gun allegedly used in the shooting could n't prove that it was fired during the killings . in ziegler 's case , he was arrested after the body of baker was found in a wooded area close to his house in 2000 . witnesses reported seeing baker arguing with ziegler at a party that evening , eventually leading to ziegler 's conviction , along with two other accomplices . however , that witness , whose evidence was kept secret by prosecutors at ziegler 's initial trial , later recanted her testimony , one of the factors leading to the conviction being overturned . in november last year , state prosecutors had raised the prospect of a retrial for ziegler , meaning he could have faced going back to death row if convicted for a second time . at his hearing today , judge sarah stewart warned ziegler against becoming bitter , adding that ' the world is a very different place than it was 15 years ago when you went to jail ' . ziegler 's release comes after anthony ray hinton ( pictured ) was freed from death row two weeks ago after serving 30 years for a double murder he did not commit . ziegler was determined to prove his innocence , according to his defence lawyers , but was reluctantly persuaded to accept a plea bargain for the chance to leave jail and escape another trial . during the hearing , judge stewart urged ziegler to resist turning bitter and said she knew he recognized god 's grace . ' i want you to appreciate that gift , ' she said . ' you need to be very careful with your gift . ... the world is a very different place than it was 15 years ago when you went to jail . ' with his plea , ziegler acknowledged that his conduct helped lead to baker 's death . relatives of both ziegler and baker , from bayou la batre , came away from the hearing disappointed . o'della wilson , the defendant 's mother , said she is happy that he will go free but angry that he had to plead guilty to any crime . ' he had no choice but to go ahead and plead to a murder he did not commit . ... judge stewart 's the only one who has given us any justice , ' she said . baker 's relatives were n't happy ziegler would be released . ' he 's a menace to our society . he will be back , ' said beth johansen , the victim 's aunt . ' this is not justice for our nephew . '