victoria beckham did it . so did kim kardashian . and now the australian it crowd are following in their footsteps by taking their children along to mercedes-benz fashion week . the offspring of some of sydney 's style set have been front and centre at the catwalk presentations of ellery , alice mccall and maticevski - highly-coveted tickets that many fully grown adults failed to snag an invitation to . scroll down for video . front row kids ! the australian fashion crowd are following in the footsteps of the beckhams and kimye by bringing their children to fashion week . trendsetters : david beckham with daughter harper during victoria beckham show at mercedes-benz fashion week 2014 . style blogger hass murad and pr maven roxy jacenko were both pictured with their mini-me 's this week at the carriageworks venue in sydney , while designer camilla freeman-topper brought her daughter along to the ten pieces show at bondi icebergs on thursday . jacenko 's daughter pixie is already an instagram star thanks to her mother 's social media updates , with a staggering 105,000 followers . the flame-haired cutie was fawned over by the australian fashion elite when she attended the opening event on sunday night , watching a performance by the australian ballet ahead of kym ellery 's show . front row fixture ! three-year-old pixie curtis was the youngest attendee at toni maticevski 's spring/summer 2015-2016 mercedes benz fashion week australia show on tuesday . mini fashionista : pixie and mum sweaty betty 's roxy jacenko were dressed to the nines on the opening night . the three-year-old kept her fans up to date at both the ellery show and also the toni maticevski show . asked whether her daughter actually enjoyed watching fashion over peppa pig , jacenko insisted that she loved it . ' pixie had a wonderful time watching the incredible work of all that worked on the shows and seeing the spectacle of it all , ' jacenko told daily mail australia . 'it’s not often you get to see the australian ballet perform on a regular sunday evening , let alone as a three-year-old ! the mother of two , who is the sweaty betty founder and director , said the shows were a good opportunity for her daughter to get an insight into her mother 's busy schedule . selfie ! no stranger to the fashion set , the pint-sized business lady was surely picking up some hints and tips for her own line that she runs with roxy – pixie 's bows . twinning ! while pixie ca n't put a foot wrong , her mother found herself committing a fashion faux pas with vogue 's fashion director christine centenera . ' reality is for me , having a a career in pr and talent management the shows are part of normal day to day work , ' jacenko said . ' so having pixie with me on two occasions was a nice way for her to see what i actually do on a day to day basis when i say i am off to work . ' if anything it’s all opportunity and if i can give either of my children opportunities to see and experience things well i am going to – that’s what life is about ! ' pixie and her glamorous mother were not the only pair who took fashion week by storm . blogger hass murad and his cousin kass chee at mercedes-benz fashion week australia on wednesday . murad rocked up with his adorable six-year-old cousin kass chee to the venue in matching grey suits . mini hipster ! kass chee looked as if he was born to wear his asos suit with vivienne westwood shoes and sunday somewhere blue tinted shades . sydney men 's style blogger hass murad rocked up with his adorable cousin kass chee to the venue in matching grey suits . the six-year-old mini hipster looked as if he was born to wear his asos suit with vivienne westwood shoes and sunday somewhere blue tinted shades . murad , who appeared at his first australian fashion week this year , said he 'd designed the matching outfits and had them tailor made ahead of the event . ' kass definitely took fashion week by storm this year , ' murad told daily mail australia . mother-daughter day : designer camilla freeman-topper brought her daughter along to the ten pieces show at icebergs in bondi on thursday . mummy and me : model manager jaz daly and daughter willow rocked up to the ellery show . romeo beckham , brooklyn beckham , cruz beckham , harper beckham , david beckham and anna wintour at the autumn winter 2015 in new york . ' he 's been asking me what 's on and when are the next shows - it 's so exciting to see he 's interested in fashion - it 's great . ' i 've been experimenting with kids fashion and this was a great opportunity to showcase him and for us to wear matching outfits . ' we 'll be doing a winter fashion shoot together , which is coming up soon . it 'll be at the grounds of alexandria - so he 's very excited about that . ' kim kardashian and kanye west with their daughter north west attend the alexander wang fashion show . ( l-r ) aimie wang , alia wang , kim kardashian , north west , kanye west , nicki minaj and zoe kravitz attend the alexander wang fashion show during mercedes-benz fashion week fall on february 14 in new york city . while a-list celebrities are known to have triggered backlash in the past for taking their children to fashion shows , murad said there 's nothing wrong with taking youngsters to these events . ' i think it 's totally fine to bring kids to these shows but it depends on the reasons behind it - some might want attention but i 've taken mine to showcase what my kid has , ' murad added . last september , kardashian was a labelled a ' bad mother ' after stepping out in matching sheer outfits with her one-year-old daughter north during paris fashion week .