a japanese priest has vowed to crack down onto drink driving in the most cinematic way possible : dressing up as a superhero and patrolling the streets on his motorbike . shinjiro kumagai is a ' mild mannered ' clergyman at a local buddhist temple called gokurakuji in kitakyushu , southwest japan . but after the days work is done , he dresses up as iconic japanese sci-fi tv hero kamen rider 1 and takes to the streets to lay down the law , according to japan today . bizarre images depict kumagai riding around kitakyushu in full kamen rider gear - which makes him appear like a giant grasshopper- and the trademark cyclone motorcycle , fitted with fake jets . scroll down for video . japanese priest shinjiro kumagai ( pictured ) has vowed to crack down on drink driving by dressing as a superhero in his spare time and laying down the law . unlike some superheros , kumagai has the full support of police and even dons an armband certifying him as an official drink-drive patrolman . he 's also funded by his church , where the head buddhist priest fukumitsu - also a devout kamen rider fan - funds his costume and bike . kumagai said his sponsor was more than happy to help the cause . ' he is a real fan of kamen rider 1 and has been collecting memorabilia for 20 years , so when he heard about what i was doing he jumped at the chance to help . ' images also depict kumagai undertaking some more mundane acts like eating street food and feeding cows . while the he takes the patrol work very seriously , pictures depict kumagai undertaking some more mundane acts in his superhero attire like feeding cows . unlike some superheros , kumagai has the full support of police and even dons an armband certifying him as an official drink-drive patrolman . kamen rider was a popular superhero series running in japan from 1971 to 1973 and later adapted into a comic book . the show depicts a man who was mutated into a grasshopper-esqe cyborg by a terrorist organization and his battle to defeat them . dressing up as cartoons or superheroes - known as cosplay - is a huge industry in japan with fans spending thousands to look like their fictitious idols . an image snapped by someone who spotted kumagai on patrol : the popularity of kamen rider means locals have welcomed the helmeted protector with open arms . the popularity of the show means locals have welcomed the helmeted protector with open arms . shopkeeper kageki umeta , 43 , said : ' he is doing a very good job . on one hand it is quite geeky and comical although the kids love to see him riding around . ' ' but on the other he is actually raising awareness of the dangers of drink driving and is catching people at it who he then reports to the police . ' every city should have a kamen rider . '