a hoard of silver coins worth £34million that was sunk by the nazis on board a steamship has been salvaged by a british-led team at a record depth of 5,150m ( 17,000ft ) . the ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england in 1942 when it was torpedoed by a u-boat 480 miles south of st helena , taking 100 tons of rupees with it to the bottom of the ocean . it was long assumed that the vessel 's cargo , belonging to the uk treasury , would be lost forever such was the complexity of the task facing salvage experts . treasure trove : some of the 100 tons of rupees found buried in the ocean floor at a record depth of 17,000ft after the cargo ship they were being transported on was sunk by a nazi submarine during world war two . record find : some coins are raised to the surface during a pioneering recovery project by a british-led team . hidden : the city of cairo was finally discovered ( above ) ' broken in two and buried deep in the seafloor silt ' . underwater company deep ocean search used powerful sonar to locate the vessel on the sea floor . that was until a team led by british expert john kingsford used pioneering techniques to track down the ship with powerful sonar and robotics . underwater company deep ocean search ( dos ) , which included 20 french oceanographers , was then contracted by the uk ministry of transport to recover the coins from a record depth of 17,000ft - some 4,500ft deeper than the titanic . a spokesman for dos said : ' this was to be a difficult search as the water depth would exceed 5,000m , the weather , swell and currents were known to be challenging and the presumed site was some 1,000 miles from the nearest land in the foothills of the mid-atlantic ridge . ' when the ship was finally discovered , it was ' broken in two and buried deep in the seafloor silt ' , adding that ' parts of the ship had metres of mud heaped upon it . ' the ss city of cairo was sunk en route from bombay to india , via cape town and recife in brazil . the rupees , belonging to the uk treasury , were being transported from india to england when the ship sunk . underwater company deep ocean search , which included 20 french oceanographers , was contracted by the uk ministry of transport to recover the coins from a record depth of 17,000ft - 4,500ft deeper than the titanic . keeping it under wraps : the recovery took place in 2013 , but has only now been made public . the ss city of cairo was travelling from bombay to england , via cape town and recife , brazil , when it was attacked by a nazi u-boat on november 6 , 1942 . the u-68 hit the vessel with one torpedo , but waited a further 20 minutes before firing the second . that crucial delay gave 296 of the ship 's 302 passengers and crew time to escape in lifeboats . famously , the german captain , karl-friedrich merten , approached the lifeboats and told the survivors : ' goodnight , sorry for sinking you . ' the victims were eventually rescued three weeks later , but 104 had died . maeva onda , one of the oceanographers on board the salvage ship , sv john lethbridge , said the search submarine was successful on its first dive . ' after two hours of underwater descent , the robot transmitted the first images of the wreck . it was incredible , ' she told le figaro , as cited by the daily telegraph . the find was confirmed when the robot brought up coins stamped with the crown . but the team suffered ' serious ' problems trying to recover the bulk of the hoard because of the depths involved . the spokesman for dos said : ' the team quickly found that operating at this depth caused serious technical difficulties which were new to us and which had to be resolved , quickly . ' the combination of pressure , temperature , repeated dives at this depth and other issues resulted in multiple breakdowns of systems such as we had not experienced before when working in 3000m to 4000m depths . ' the recovery took place in 2013 , but has only now been made public . dos has left a plaque commemorating their find on the sea bed . maeva onda , one of the oceanographers on board the salvage ship , sv john lethbridge , said the search submarine was successful on its first dive , adding : ' it was incredible ' .