china have said they are to start tracking the actions of their citizens abroad , following a string of reports about behaviour abroad . the china national tourism administration ( cnta ) said on its website on monday that provincial and national authorities will be in touch with unruly citizens when they return to china , and if necessary , the police , customs officers , border control and even bank credit agencies will be contacted . they are hoping the strict measures will encourage chinese tourists from doing anything inappropriate or illegal while abroad . big spenders : shoppers from china and the far east scramble for bargains during the christmas sales at selfridges in london 's oxford street . chinese travellers spent an incredible $ 164 billion on foreign trips last year . horrific ! a group of chinese travellers who scalded a flight attendant with hot water and noodles and threatened to blow up a plane . the passengers lashed out at cabin crew after they became enraged over sitting arrangements on a charter flight from bangkok to nanjing . according to china people 's daily , bad behaviour will include : disorder on public transportation－including flights－damaging public facilities or historical relics , ignoring social customs at tourism destinations , and becoming involved with gambling or prostitution . research by the bank of america merrill lynch found that there were 109 million chinese tourists in 2014 , who spent $ 164 billion . these figures are a dramatic increase from the 10 million outbound tourists in 2000 , and reflected the rise in numbers of reports on disruptive behaviour . it has been suggested that higher incomes have attributed to more chinese citizens opting to spend their holidays outside of their country . the cnta administration said in a separate post : ' tourism reflects on the country and the people 's image , ' and more ' social supervision ' of tourists is needed . in december a brawl started on a chinese flight from to chongqing to hong kong over a woman 's crying baby . a chinese holidaymaker has been hit with a fine for washing her feet in a public bathroom on one of thailand ? s picturesque tourist islands . the woman was spotted washing her feet in a sink less than 30 minutes after island officials posted a no foot washing sign . over the last few years , a number of embarrassing incidents have helped to tarnish the worldwide reputation of chinese tourists . in december 2014 a group of chinese travellers scalded an air stewardess with hot water and noodles and then threatened to blow up the plane , after they were told they could not sit together . it is hoped stricter measures will deter future misdemeanours abroad . airport staff at the place where chinese passenger hu hsieh caused chaos at the airport after opening the emergency door in his eagerness to get out . china eastern airlines flight mu2036 travelling from chengdu to beijing was already seven hours behind schedule at 3:45am on saturday morning because of snow when a man named reportedly opened three emergency exits . 