this is the stomach-churning moment two young girls are catapulted 100mph into the air on a slingshot ride with their terrified - and deafening - reactions caught on camera . footage shows best friends carmarie and kanya sat buckled into the device at the indy speedway park on panama city beach , florida , over the weekend . at the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match . both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force , with their eyes glazing over and rolling back . get us out of here ! this is the stomach-churning moment two young girls are catapulted 100mph into the air on a slingshot ride with their terrified - and deafening - reactions caught on camera . however , when they regain consciousness they continue screaming out their final wishes . at one point carmarie - who appears to be older - tells kanya : ' if i die , tell my mama i love her . ' but her sidekick points out if she 's going , ' honey ... i’m [ going to ] be dead too ! ' ' jesus mercy of killers , ' she adds at another point . ready , set , go ! at the start they seem pretty calm but when the carriage tilts back and fires 300ft-high panic sets in and they let out manic screams with horrified facial expressions to match . finally , after bungying up and down for around a minute the slingshot slows down , allowing the girls to catch their breath . to date the clip of their traumatic theme park outing has been watched more than 17 million times on facebook . many viewers have deemed the clip ' hilarious ' and ' cute ' while commending the girls for not cursing . one commenter wrote : ' true friends and shows when you fear something , you call out your mom , god and the closest to you . ' indy speedway regularly uploads videos of its clients , with many people having the same reaction to carmarie and kanya . internet fame : to date the clip of their traumatic theme park outing has been watched more than 17 million times on facebook . losing consciousness : both appear to pass out several times due to the extreme force ( seen left ) , with their eyes glazing over and rolling back .