amit yadav , 20 , was high on cannabis when he crashed into an oncoming renault cleo . a young driver who was high on cannabis when he crashed into an oncoming car , killing his two friends , been jailed for six years . amit yadav , 20 , was driving his red honda civic up to 25 miles over the speed limit when he lost control and smashed into an oncoming renault cleo in august 2013 . his two passengers - brothers haider , 20 , and taimur kayani , 17 , from leytonstone , were killed in the collision on lodge avenue , dagenham . taimur , who had been sitting in the front passenger seat , was pronounced dead at the scene . his brother died later in hospital . the couple in the cleo , rayape and rosette sellathurai , also suffered serious injuries . mrs sellathurai required surgery to remove part of her damaged intestine , while she suffered further injuries to her bladder and abdomen . none of the passengers in the civic were wearing seatbelts at the time of the collision , according to crash scene investigators . at the time of the incident , yadav gave a statement saying he had swerved to avoid an oncoming car , but claimed at his trial that he had no memory of the crash . thc acid in his blood indicated yadav had been smoking cannabis only a few hours before the crash , and cannabis was found in his glove compartment . forensic scientist elizabeth davidson said : ‘ cannabis is generally less impairing than alcohol and other drugs , but studies have shown that it can impair cognition and impair driving performance . ’ she added : ‘ the impairment due to cannabis my out last the experience of the high of taking cannabis and may last four or five hours after . ’ brothers haider ( left ) and taimur kayani ( right ) from leytonstone , east london , were killed in the collision . yadav denied two charges of causing death by dangerous driving and one count of causing serious injury by dangerous driving , but was convicted in february this year after a four-day trial . tom nicholson , prosecuting , told snaresbrook crown court that between the date of the accident and the date of conviction yadav had racked up two further convictions for speeding . at the time of the accident , yadav was subject to a nine-month suspended sentence for conspiracy to commit theft for stealing from customers at cash points in manchester . david josse , defending , said : ‘ it is perhaps obvious that this defendant in no way intended and far less desired the outcome of this tragic incident . ‘ my client was only 18 at the time of the offence , he is now 20 years old , he suffered serious injuries himself – he suffers from serious pelvic problems as well as scaring – he spent 10 days in hospital , he’s clearly remorseful and that is born out in his resulting psychological condition . ’ the court heard yadav has been undergoing therapy to help him deal with the accident . mr josse added : ‘ he said he wanted to gain some understanding of how he could lose control of the vehicle – he recognises that most people wouldn’t accept that as a very good explanation , so at least he has some insight into his own answer so to speak . ’ taimur and haider kayani ( pictured as children ) , who died in the crash , were described as ' inseparable ' . sentencing , judge simon wilkinson told yadav : ‘ you were driving a car that was involved in a head-on collision on a residential street , the reason for this collision was that you were driving far too fast . ‘ you lost control , you careered into the opposite lane , the driver in the oncoming vehicle had no opportunity to take any evasive action and was completely blameless for the collision that followed . ‘ the driver’s wife suffered life threatening injuries and both of your two passengers lost their lives , and the parents of those two brothers will realise that no sentence that i can pass can possibly reflect the worth of their two sons or lessen their heart ache . ’ following the accident , the kayani brothers , were described as ‘inseparable’ and dedicated to their family by their father qamar . around 1,500 people attended the funeral , coming from as far away as south africa and pakistan . their father wept throughout judge wilkinson’s sentencing remarks and was comforted by police officers . yadav , of woodford avenue , ilford , was expressionless as his sentence was read out . 