after nearly two years of jockeying with congress over the irs 's history of discriminating against conservative nonprofit groups , former official lois lerner wo n't be charged with a crime for defying a congressional subpoena and refusing to answer questions . u.s. attorney ronald machen , on his last day in office , told house speaker john boehner in a seven-page letter that lerner could wrap herself in the u.s. constitution 's fifth amendment , even though she offered a self-serving opening statement before clamming up during a may 22 , 2013 hearing . lerner has long been in the gop 's crosshairs because she led the irs department tasked with approving nonprofit groups ' applications for tax-exempt status . beginning in 2010 , the department gave conservative groups with words like ' patriots ' or ' tea party ' in their names extra scrutiny , slow-walking their applications and keping many in limbo for years . the house oversight and government reform committee had subpoenaed lerner after she refused to testify voluntarily about her role in the scandal . scroll down for videos and the doj 's letter to boehner . i 'll tell the truth ... unless i 'm taking the fifth : former irs official lois lerner insisted on her innocence in an opening statement during a 2013 congressional hearing , and then refused to answer lawmakers ' questions – a choice that the obama administration now says was perfectly legal . u.s. attorney for the district of columbia ronald machen ( left ) dropped his bomb on congress just one day before leaving office to return to private legal practice . emailed ? machen 's letter was addressed to house speaker john boehner ( left ) , who was in jerusalem visiting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu ( right ) . when she refused again to answer questions during a second hearing on march 5 , 2014 , house republicans prepared a criminal contempt citation and referred the case to the justice department once it was approved . california republican rep. darrell issa , then the oversight committee 's chairman , told lerner in one hearing that she had ' effectively waived your rights ' by defending herself under oath . ' i have not done anything wrong , ' lerner had said in the 2013 hearing . ' i have not broken any laws , i have not violated any irs rules or regulations , and i have not provided false information to this or any other congressional committee . ' machen told boehner on tuesday that since lerner had only made ' general claims of innocence , ' she was within her rights to refuse to answer questions . ' ms . lemer 's general denials of wrongdoing did not amount to `` testimony '' about the actual facts under the committee 's review , ' he said . ' the fiflh amendment to the constitution would provide ms. lerner with an absolute defense , should she be prosecuted , , , for her refusal to testify . ' machen 's march 31 letter arrived on capitol hill just a day before his resignation took effect after a five-year stint as washington , d.c. 's top federal prosecutor inside the justice department . president barack obama named him to his post in december 2009 . reactions swept through the nation 's capital as word spread that lerner was , legally , in the clear . ' once again , the obama administration has tried to sweep irs targeting of taxpayers for their political beliefs under the rug , ' boehner spokesman michael steel told daily mail online . ' but unaccountable federal bureaucrats using their power to attack the first amendment strikes at the heart of our democracy , and the american people deserve the truth . ' ' the white house , ' said steel , ' still has the opportunity to do the right thing and appoint a special counsel to examine the irs’ actions . ' attorney general eric holder has refused repeatedly to bring in a special counsel , instead appointing attorney barbara bosserman to lead an internal probe . republicans see bosserman as a politically conflicted choice : federal election commission records show that she donated a total of $ 6,750 to obama’s campaigns and to the democratic national committee . switch : during the tea party targeting hearings , it was oversight committee ranking democrat elijah cummings ( left ) who was regularly exasperated – but now darrell issa ( right ) , his republican foil at the time is frustrated by a lack of accountability for lerner . tea party groups and other conservative organizations seeking tax-exempt status were kept in limbo for years while the irs often green-lighted liberal groups in weeks or months . issa , whose outrage led to the congressional contempt citation against lerner – and one against holder , for refusing to turn over documents related to the scandal – was livid . ' refusing to prosecute mrs. lerner and mr. holder after they were held in contempt by a vote of the house of representatives sends a disturbing message that it is permissible for senior government officials to lie to congress and to ignore subpoenas for information vital to congressional investigations , ' he said wednesday in a statement . issa 's successor as chairman of the oversight committee , utah republican rep. jason chaffetz , said machen 's letter ' exhibits a disregard for the rule of law ' and scoffed at his objectivity . ' it is unclear whether the administration directed mr. machen not to prosecute lois lerner , or whether he was motivated by an ideological kinship with irs’s leadership , ' chaffetz said . ' the committee will continue to pursue its ongoing investigation into the targeting of american citizens based on their political beliefs . our goal is to ensure that the people responsible , including lois lerner , are held accountable . ' lerner 's attorney , william taylor , said in a statement that his client ' looks forward to moving on with her life . ' ' it is unfortunate that the majority party in the house put politics before a citizen 's constitutional rights , ' taylor said . doj letter to boehner about lois lerner uploaded by dailymail.com .