the tories have jumped to a six point lead over labour in the polls , putting david cameron within striking distance of an overhaul majority . with just over three weeks until polling day , 39 per cent of voters now say they will back the conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for labour , according to the pollsters icm . the shock poll , published this afternoon , comes after the tories unveiled their key election pledge to scrap inheritance tax on family homes worth up to £1million . scroll down for video . with just over three weeks until polling day , 39 per cent of voters now say they will back the conservatives compared to just 33 per cent for labour , according to the pollsters icm . bad news : just 33 per cent of voters plan on supporting ed miliband , pictured at the labour manifesto launch , in the upcoming election . it came after a series of polls had suggested labour had pulled slightly ahead of the tories and will be a major blow to ed miliband in the wake of the his manifesto launch today . according to the icm poll for the guardian , the tories have jumped three per cent in the last month – while labour has dropped two points . the lib dems remain unchanged on 8 per cent – with ukip even further behind on 7 per cent , tied in fourth place with the greens . however , a separate poll by the tory peer lord ashcroft had to two parties tied on 33 per cent . ukip and the lib dems are each up three points at 13 per cent and 9 per cent . but the tory campaign will be buoyed by the guardian icm poll which gives the party its strongest public support since 2012 – and three points higher than it achieved in 2010 . according to the icm poll for the guardian , the tories have jumped three per cent in the last month – while labour has dropped two points . david cameron , buoyed by a new poll today , was out campaigning in alnwick , northumberland , today . mr cameron has consistently claimed the tories can win a working majority at the election – having fallen just short five years ago . the prime minister needs another 23 seats to take the number of tory mps in the house of commons to 326 . mr cameron has pitched the election as a straight choice between himself and mr miliband and will be encourage by further findings buried in today 's poll , showing that voters are increasingly happy with his performance as prime minister . ed miliband , unveiling labour 's manifesto in manchester today , suffered a blow today after polls showed he was falling behind david cameron in the race for number 10 . the survey gives mr cameron a public satisfaction rating of plus 18 – with 52 per cent of voters saying he is doing a good job , and only 34 per cent suggesting he is doing badly . only in november , mr cameron 's net score was -3 last november . mr cameron 's personal rating remains comfortably ahead of ed miliband 's – with the labour leader languishing on -30 . mr cameron 's standing is also streets ahead of that of all the other political leaders – with nick clegg stuck on -20 and nigel farage on –16 . mr cameron and the chancellor george osborne are also the most ' trusted team to run the economy properly ' for 44 per cent of voters . this is compared to just 17 per cent who would rather trust mr miliband and ed balls .