amid the frenetic chaos of a north east derby low on sustained quality came a goal as memorable as any scored in this fixture over the years . sunderland were the better team here . they were superior in terms of energy and creativity against a newcastle side rather inexcusably playing — to use the term their manager hates — with their ‘flip-flops on’ once again . nothing dick advocaat’s home team did , however , was anywhere near as exquisite as the goal that won this contest for them . it was a goal seemingly taken from another day and dropped haphazardly right into the middle of a match that didn’t really deserve it . jermain defoe ( centre ) connects beautifully with a left-footed volley to fire sunderland into a 1-0 lead against newcastle united . newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was unable to do anything about defoe 's 45th-minute strike as he watches it fly into the net . the 32-year-old watches on as the strike- his third for sunderland - flies over krul in the magpies goal . the former tottenham striker wheels away in celebration of his brilliant strike just before the half-time whistle was blown by mike dean . defoe seemed overcome with emotion as he fell to the turf shortly after putting sunderland into a 1-0 lead .  sunderland : pantiilmon 6 ; jones 6.5 , vergini 6 , o’shea 6 , van aanholt 6.5 ; cattermole 6.5 ; defoe 7.5 ( johnson 78 ' 6 ) , larsson 6 , gomez 7 , wickham 6 ; fletcher 6 . subs not used : bridcutt , reveillere , graham , coates , mannone , buckley . booked : vergini , van aanholt , wickham , larsson , gomez . goals : defoe 45 ' . manager : dick advocaat . newcastle : krul 6 ; r taylor 5.5 , janmaat 6 , williamson 6 , colback 5.5 ; gutierrez 6.5 ; cabella 5 , sissoko 5 , gouffran 5 ( riviere 57mins 5.5 ) , ameobi 5 ( armstrong 86 ' 6 ) ; perez 5 . subs not used : anita , elliot , obertan , abeid , kemen . booked : taylor , colback . manager : john carver . mom : defoe . referee : mike dean 7 . att : 47,563 . *player ratings by ian ladyman at the stadium of light .  jermain defoe gave sunderland a 1-0 lead with this brilliant volley - click here to see more from our brilliant match zone service . only seconds remained in the first half when sunderland’s earnest but limited centre forward steven fletcher leapt to head a long pass from his own goalkeeper costel pantilimon towards jermain defoe . still 25 yards out , the former england striker must have thought about bringing the ball under control . he had players arriving in support on either side . it would have been the sensible thing to do . true goalscorers have a mindset that is always switched to ‘glory’ , though , and instead of taking the pragmatic route , defoe decided to buy a ticket for the raffle . moments after swinging his left foot at the ball he looked up to see it sail over tim krul in the newcastle goal . all of a sudden , he was holding the winning ticket . on a weekend of sensational goals , this was another born of perfect technique , ambition and courage . it deserved to win a game that sunderland deserved to win and it is up to the rest of advocaat’s players to ensure it contributes to a run of results that keeps them in the barclays premier league . scottish striker steven fletcher celebrates in front of the home crowd as the black cats take a 1-0 lead . the sunderland players smother goal scorer defoe as the team celebrate going into a 1-0 lead before the break . connor wickham congratulates defoe as the sunderland fans celebrate in the sunshine at the stadium of light . certainly the opposition will be sterner than this . just what is it that eats the modern newcastle ? dressed in grey , they didn’t even look like a newcastle team . did they play like one ? sadly , they did . newcastle have been churning out rubbish like this for far too long now and it is depressing to report that it is becoming the norm . sunderland were much improved , unrecognisable from the side who conceded four in the first half here against aston villa recently . that day , half of the sunderland supporters were back in their cars by half-time . here , under a new manager , sunderland were comfortably better than local opposition who seem to head into derby games expecting to lose . sunderland goalkeeper costel pantilimon reacts after watching defoe 's stunning opener during the tyne-wear derby . sunderland boss dick advocaat ( left ) celebrates defoe 's opening goal as newcastle manager john carver looks on . the 32-year-old frontman looked close to tears as both teams left the stadium of light pitch at half-time . krul ( left ) seems to share a joke with defoe shortly after the black cats forward beat him with a wonderful volley . it was difficult to understand for long periods what newcastle were actually trying to do . if they were trying to suffocate the game then for a while it worked . once they got caught , though , they seemed to possess neither the wit nor the willpower to find a way back . sunderland were not always convincing early on . they earned possession and territory off the back of hard work but didn’t do much with the ball . a billy jones cut-back from a corner to the far post was cut out by jonas gutierrez in the 10th minute , , while jordi gomez struck a low free-kick at krul and connor wickham’s header was deflected wide by moussa sissoko , the newcastle captain . prior to the goal , however , sunderland’s play in the final third had been rather unconvincing . had newcastle possessed any forward thrust at all , they might have found a way into the game . but once defoe’s left foot brought the stadium of light to its feet , sunderland rarely appeared in any danger . another goal would have settled their nerves and they had opportunities . indeed , they looked more dangerous in the second half . former sunderland midfielder jack colback ( right ) fouls wickham during a ferocious second half display . sammy ameobi ( right ) is closed down by sebastian larsson and billy jones during the premier league clash . sunderland 's steven fletcher ( centre ) is beaten in the air by newcastle midfielder jonas gutierrez . fletcher , though , has never been a goalscorer who has scored many goals — spot the contradiction ? — and twice he failed here . a header on the hour needed more power to beat krul and then another chance , provided by defoe’s low cross , was spurned on the back of a decision to pivot away from goal and shoot on the turn rather than drive towards goal on his right side . we should not be too hard on fletcher . he works as hard as any . the difference between a journeyman and an international of standing was evident , though , and advocaat will be glad that predecessor gus poyet at least left him with a striker of pedigree before he was run out of town last month.sebastian larsson also failed in front of goal as the clock ticked on while , belatedly , newcastle found a little something . pantilimon was finally asked to work when remy cabella shot from 18 yards in the 78th minute before ayoze perez volleyed over from a corner at the death . that , in truth , was a real chance . a draw , though , would have been a joke . newcastle manager john carver admitted afterwards that his team had embarrassed him and it’s not the first time . when the final whistle blew , defoe — substituted with 12 minutes left — wore a smile as wide as the river and with good reason . his thunderbolt strike , like the easter sunshine , has lit a flame in wearside’s season of gloom . they will remember it for a while . sunderland defender patrick van aanholt ( right ) looks to ride the challenge of daryl janmaat . advocaat gestures to his players during the tyne-wear derby clash at the stadium of light . magpies goalkeeper krul punches the ball clear as mike williamson challenges black cats forward fletcher . defoe was replaced by winger adam johnson during the closing stages of the second half at the stadium of light . dutch boss advocaat congratulates defoe as the 32-year-old striker leaves the pitch with the score at 1-0 . sunderland captain john o'shea gestures to the home fans after the final whistle at the stadium of light . newcastle 0-3 sunderland . apr 14 , 2013 : stephane sessegnon , adam johnson and david vaughan score the goals as paolo di canio oversees sunderland’s first win at st . james’ park in 13 years — in his second game in charge . cue knee-sliding and fist-pumping from the italian boss . sunderland 2-1 newcastle . oct 27 , 2013 : six months on from his euphoric celebrations and di canio has gone , replaced by gus poyet . and the uruguayan tastes victory in his . first tyne-wear derby thanks to fabio borini’s 84th-minute winner . newcastle 0-3 sunderland . feb 1 , 2014 : three goals and three consecutive derby wins as borini , johnson and jack colback find the net . newcastle 0-1 sunderland . dec 21 , 2014 : johnson lashes in a 90th minute winner to ensure sunderland fans keep the bragging rights . sunderland 1-0 newcastle . apr 5 , 2015 : new sunderland boss dick advocaat picks up his first win in his second game in charge thanks to jermain defoe’s thunderbolt .