the real-life margo leadbetter has backed the prime minister to deliver the good life to britain . sheila elkan , who lives in the house that featured as the leadbetters ' home in the classic 1970s tv series , backed david cameron today after he launched his ' good life ' manifesto . the 84-year-old great-grandmother-of-five has resided at the home in hillingdon , north-west london , since 1986 . the good life : sheila elkan ( left ) , 84 , who lives in the house that featured as the home of margo leadbetter ( right , played by penelope keith ) in the classic 1970s tv series , backed david cameron today . her comments come after mr cameron promised he would help deliver ' the greatest sunshine ' of a job , a home , tax cuts and a secure retirement as he revealed the conservative election manifesto . and ms elkan told mailonline today : ' from what i have seen i think cameron is the best man to give the good life . that 's my personal opinion . ' i think the good life is doing things for yourself , not relying on someone else to do it for you . that 's what the goods did , did n't they ? ' i know we are short of housing and the nhs is in dire straights , but i think those things would have happened whoever is in power . i think cameron has done a reasonable job . nobody 's without criticism . ' on location : despite the programme being set in surbiton , south-west london , the famous front and rear garden scenes were filmed at ms elkan 's home in north-west london . garden : the great-grandmother-of-five has lived in the house in hillingdon , north-west london , since 1986 . widowed ms elkan , a retired housewife , believes she is more like barbara good than mrs leadbetter because she is a keen gardener . she plans to vote for nick hurd , the incumbent conservative mp for ruislip , northwood and pinner , on may 7 . the mother-of-four and grandmother-of-ten moved to the leafy suburb shortly after her husband tony passed away . despite the programme being set in surbiton , south-west london , the famous front and rear garden scenes were filmed at her home . seventies sitcom : the good life starred ( from left ) felicity kendal as barbara good , richard briers ( who died in 2013 ) as tom good , penelope keith as margo leadbetter and paul eddington as jerry leadbetter . election on the way : pm david cameron today claimed the uk is ' on the brink of something special ' as he unveiled a cradle-to-grave conservative manifesto , promising voters ' security at every stage of your life ' . she said : ' i love it here and the neighbours are all nice . i still get people knocking on the door and asking if they can take a picture saying , `` my wife loves the good life '' . ' ms elkan lives alone in the three-bedroom detached house but is regularly visited by family and a stray tabby named twiglet . today , against a union flag backdrop , mr cameron claimed the uk is ' on the brink of something special ' as he unveiled a cradle-to-grave conservative manifesto , promising voters ' security at every stage of your life ' . the prime minister warned there is ' almost nothing without economic security ' as he set out an extension of margaret thatcher 's hugely popular right to buy scheme , vowed to scrap inheritance tax on homes worth up to £1million and promised to freeze rail fares for five years .