on loan real madrid striker javier hernandez is ready to lead the line in their pivotal champions league quarter-final second leg tie against bitter city rivals atletico , according to as . the spanish publication reports that the 26-year-old links up well with real superstar cristiano ronaldo - where in his last two appearances for the club he has scored a goal and created an assist . hernandez , who is on a season-long loan from manchester united , is set to start up front for carlo ancelotti 's side - with the club going through an injury crisis at present . as report that real madrid striker javier hernandez is ' ready ' to lead their attack vs atletico on wednesday . hernandez ( right ) took part in real 's training session on tuesday as they prepare to face their bitter rivals . the 26-year-old ( left ) will be hoping to carry on his recent real form at the santiago bernabeu on wednesday . spanish papers preview that match ( left ) and barcelona 's second leg against psg on tuesday night too . regular first-choice forward karim benzema , who has 15 la liga goals to his name this season , missed madrid 's 3-1 victory against malaga at the weekend with a knee injury which he is struggling to recover from . continuing to look ahead to the madrid derby on wednesday night , marca leads with the headline that while ancelotti deals with several selection issues at atletico , ' there are no problems , only solutions , ' as manager diego simeone has a fully-fit squad to choose from . meanwhile mundo deportivo previews barcelona 's second leg encounter against french outfit paris saint-germain on tuesday night . barca take a 3-1 lead going into tuesday 's tie at the nou camp but face an opponent that will welcome back marco verratti and former striker zlatan ibrahimovic into their starting line-up after missing the first leg . however , mundo note that the catalan club are not ' fixated ' on the duo 's availability for psg and will go all out to make sure they reach the semi-finals . ' redeem yourselves ' is the headline in french paper l'equipe as psg look to restore some credibility from the masterclass they were given in the first leg by luis enrique 's side . over in italy , the paper 's focus is very much on serie a giants juventus as they prepare to take on monaco in europe 's elite club competition . juve take a 1-0 advantage to the french principality on wednesday night and corriere dello sport leads with an exclusive headline from ancelotti wanting his former club to reach the semi-finals of the tournament . the italian press preview juventus ' champions league second leg trip to monaco on wednesday night . ' if they eliminate monaco it would be a boost to all of italian football . maybe they could face my real ? ' , he is quoted as saying in the paper . sticking with juventus , la gazzetta dello sport focuses on the future of carlos tevez . the argentina international has made no secret of his desire to return to his homeland and boca juniors in the future , and the publication reports that the south american club will make a £3.6million bid for his services at the end of the season . and finally in portugal , a bola looks ahead to porto 's second leg encounter at bayern munich on tuesday night . the portuguese giants take a 3-1 lead to bavaria and a bola reports that the 2004 champions league winners are fully prepared for the threat of pep guardiola 's men - which could see the return of maverick winger franck ribery . in addition , the paper adds that porto travel to the allianz arena without any fear . french paper l'equipe ( left ) and portugal 's a bola both look ahead to their team 's chances in europe too .