things are going well in the courtroom - and the bedroom - for tv superstar judge judy , according to her husband of 38 years jerry sheindlin . the crusty judge , who 's emmy-winning show was recently renewed , and her husband were in a playful mood as they celebrated her award for her work on the bench at the annual women of the 21st century awards luncheon by the women 's guild cedars-sinai at the beverly wilshire hotel . judy revealed that while she has a raft of hon o rs scattered about her home , she does n't keep any of the in the bedroom . scroll down for video . judge judy and jerry sheindlin have been married for 38 years - all told . the couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year . ' i have different ones in different places . the only place i do n't have any awards out in the open is in the bedroom . other than that they are all over , ' i do n't know i sort of feel that is one place where i feel nobody should be getting awards . ' but her salty husband and fellow judge jerry chimed in to dispute her claim . ' no awards ? she just gave me an award last night . i just do n't understand this . i 'm going to have to talk to her about that . ' ask if he had just given gave fans an insight into their private lives , he smiled : ' it is a huge insight . i have this statue which proves it but she has a short memory . ' reflecting on the honor judy said : ' it is a lovely way for women to say to each other we support you and we support your effort . women to say to each other . this group of women all of them have been involved for decades in health issues , family health , women 's health issues and for them to recognize somebody who is not from within their family is very gratifying . ' judy was modest when asked about being the richest women on tv earning a reported . $ 47 million a year . ' well i do n't know about that . ' recently she has extended her cbs contract for three years and plans to keep her court in session into 2020 . cbs television distribution did n't discuss terms of the deal . the emmy-winning tv judge just renewed her tv contract with cbs for another three years . she reportedly earns $ 47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television . but the 72-year-old admitted she just loves working : ' it feels as if it is nice to have a job to go to for the next five years . ' dr. judy and jerry have been married for 38 years - all told . the couple divorced in 1990 only to marry again the following year . jerry reflected on his wife 's talent and popularity : ' she is a fabulous lady and i am glad they recognized her , and she is thrilled , absolutely thrilled ; and deservedly so . ' she is real , she 's grounded and she has this fabulous sense of humor that distinguishes her from a lot of other people . ' her award recognized her pioneering work as a judge and innovative mentoring of young women . founded in 1957 , women 's guild cedars-sinai is dedicated to supporting extraordinary patient care , medical programs , equipment , research , and education at cedars-sinai.this deeply committed group of dynamic women has raised nearly $ 50 million to support clinical and scientific advances . the guild 's current $ 10 million dollar pledge is to the women 's guild simulation center for advanced clinical skills , an immersive training environment equipped with the latest in human patient simulators and medical devices . 