ronny deila hailed ultimate impact sub leigh griffiths for his hat-trick performance in celtic’s comeback premiership win over kilmarnock . and then parkhead manager said the striker’s desire to prove him wrong should serve as an example to any player left out of his starting xi . griffiths took just 19 minutes to score a treble that takes celtic ever closer to a clean sweep of domestic honours , staking an obvious claim to start in sunday’s scottish cup semi-final against inverness at hampden . deila , asked if he thought the forward was trying to prove a point , said : ‘ it looks like that - and that’s how you’re going to do it . that’s what i expect from the other subs as well . you can be angry but the way to get back into the team is to prove you deserve to play - like leigh did today . ronny deila celebrates after celtic came from behind to beat kilmarnock at parkhead on wednesday . ‘ he was fabulous . you can’t do any better than three goals . his contribution was excellent . and his left foot ? he could be a kicker in american football – he’d be very good , i think . ‘he’s improved a lot in my time here . he’s training well and as a 24-hour athlete he’s been getting better and better , even though he eats cakes on the bench sometimes . but it’s just a start – he needs to keep working on small things and he’ll get even more goals . ‘ he and john guidetti played well together today and that’s something to think about when we play with two strikers . ’ asked if griffiths is now a certain starter for sunday , deila said : ‘ he played very well today so we’ll see . ’ deila shakes hands with leigh griffiths , who collects the match ball after his hat-trick . celtic came back from the loss of a goal early in the second half to crush killie , deila saying : ‘ defensively we were very good for the first 60 minutes , we had the ball all the time and they didn’t have a shot on target . ‘ our attacking play was too slow , too many square passes and we didn’t create anything . we said at the break we needed to take more risk and get behind them . with leigh coming on we had a lot more movement and we opened them up and got our goals . ’ celtic could now win the title against closest rivals aberdeen on may 10 – if both teams win all their games beforehand . but deila hopes his team won’t even need to beat the dons in their own back yard to be crowned champions . griffiths completes his hat-trick against kilmarnock on wednesday at parkhead to move eight points clear . wednesday’s win took celtic eight points clear with six games remaining . should both teams win their remaining league games , an away win at pittodrie would finish the race . yet deila said : ‘ we could win it before pittodrie . hopefully we will . it’s possible – if they lose a game and we win we can do that . ‘ we want to win the title as early as possible and today was a very important win and we’re in to a very important week . if you can get into the last five games eight points ahead we have a very good chance . ‘ . the parkhead side have two friday night fixtures against dundee and st johnstone – and won’t play another game on saturday at 3pm this season . substitute griffiths came off the bench to spark celtic into life after lacklustre first-half . if celtic wrap up the league flag they will be presented with the trophy before their final home game against inverness caledonian thistle on may 24 , the final day of the season . aberdeen will play st johnstone in their final game , with the top six completed by a dundee derby . the final round of bottom six ties could be held on the night of friday , may 22 . the team which finishes 11th will be consigned to a two-leg play-off against the winners of the championship play-off . with st mirren 10 points adrift at the foot of the table with just 15 points left to play for , motherwell will begin their quest to leapfrog ross county out of the play-off spot with a local friday night derby against hamilton . the fir park side face partick thistle on the final day of the season , while st mirren face hamilton .