the tories today launched an extraordinary attack on ed miliband , claiming that after stabbing his brother in the back he now wants to do the same to britain . defence secretary michael fallon claimed the labour leader was willing to trade away britain 's nuclear deterrent in order to secure power in a backroom deal with the scottish nationalists . mr miliband said the conservative campaign had ' descended into the gutter ' and claimed david cameron ' should be ashamed ' . deeply personal : defence secretary michael fallon claimed ed miliband is ' so desperate ' for power he is willing to weaken uk defences to win support from snp . he confirmed that a conservative government would go ahead with four new trident nuclear missile submarines to replace the existing fleet , at a cost of £100billion . labour rushed to say it was also backing four submarines , despite ed balls last month saying he was examining the idea of cutting it to three . doubt has been cast on labour 's commitment to the deterrent because mr miliband could be forced to rely on the snp support to form a government . snp leader nicola sturgeon has made clear that scrapping the trident missile system , which is based in scotland , would be a red line for her propping up a labour government in westminster . mr fallon launched a highly personal attack on mr miliband , saying it was an issue of trust and leadership . he told bbc radio 4 's today programme : ' we need to be absolutely clear when we come to this decision in the next parliament . ' we saw in that leadership election just what he would do to get into power . we saw what he did to his own brother . we need to know what he would do . ' we ca n't be sure what kind of backstairs deal he is likely to do with the snp ... that is the uncertainty . we have seen what he is prepared to do to get into power . ' in a speech today , he said : ' ed miliband stabbed his own brother in the back to become labour leader . now he is willing to stab the united kingdom in the back to become prime minister . ' mr fallon will insist the tories would ' never ' do a deal on the future of trident in another coalition – and that a man prepared to stab his brother in the back to win the labour leadership can not be trusted not to risk the nation 's security . ' nicola sturgeon could not be clearer . she has told ed miliband that scrapping trident – our country 's vital nuclear deterrent – is a red line she will not cross , ' the defence secretary will say . ' if he wants the keys to no 10 , he must abandon any plans to renew our current vanguard ballistic missile submarines . ' the snp 's childlike world view would sacrifice the long-term security of the uk . the nuclear deterrent protects all of britain , and the snp represents a separatist threat that would dangerously weaken our collective defence . britain does n't pay ransoms and the conservatives would never bow to demands from scottish separatists . vow : the attack comes as the tories pledge to build a £100billion fleet of four new trident submarines . mr miliband brushed off the criticism , insisting he had ' got use to ' conservative attacks . speaking at an event in london , the labour leader added : ' the conservative party can throw what they like at me , they can make all the personal attacks on me that they want to , but i 've got use to it . ' and you know what ? i 'm resilient . and i 'm resilient for one reason alone - because i 'm fighting for the british people in this campaign . ' i 'm fighting for the kind of country the british people want . ' mr miliband said that over the first two weeks of the conservative campaign , it was clear ' they have nothing positive to say about the country ' . the labour leader said : ' i think david cameron should be ashamed . he 's got nothing positive to say about the future of the country , he 's got no forward vision for the country . and he sends out his minions , like michael fallon , to engage in desperate smears . ' i think decent conservatives right across our country , decent conservative mps , decent conservative party members , decent people right across britain , will say `come on , we 're better than this kind of politics ' . there is mounting labour panic at polls suggesting the rampant snp is on course for a landslide north of the border . such a political earthquake would be likely to leave the snp holding the balance of power at westminster and determining who is in government for the first time in the 300-year history of the union . shadow foreign secretary douglas alexander told the same programme that the labour party had made it ' crystal clear ' it supports the renewal of trident . he said : ' this is desperate stuff from a rattled campaign that spent yesterday defending tax avoidance and is now descending into politics of the gutter . ' this is not up for negotiation with the snp or with any other party . i do n't know how i can say it plainer than that . ' we are absolutely committed to a continuous at-sea deterrent . the tories are like a wounded , cornered animal at the moment . ' snp leader nicola sturgeon has made clear that scrapping the trident missile system , which is based in scotland , would be a red line for her propping up a labour government in westminster . diane abbott , who used twitter to question the £100billion cost of the weapons system . labour leader ed miliband faces a challenge from dozens of labour candidates calling for trident to be scrapped . among them is diane abbott , who used twitter to question the £100billion cost of the weapons system . ' how exactly does submarine system designed for cold war era combat new threats from international terrorism ? ' she asked . ' renewing trident could cost £100 billion . would pay for : 150,000 new nurses ; 1.5 million affordable homes ; 2 million jobs & much more . ' labour cnd lists 52 candidates standing for election on may 7 calling for trident to be scrapped . they call for ' a labour government that delivers on disarmament of the uk 's nuclear weapons , as we are bound to under the non-proliferation treaty ' . both labour and the snp have ruled out a formal coalition , but left the door open to a looser deal that would see mr miliband in power even if he wins fewer seats than the tories . earlier this year , mr miliband suggested he might back a cheaper trident replacement than the current plan , estimated at £100billion for four submarines at about £5billion each , and annual running costs of £3billion over the subs ' lifetime of about 30 years . today 's tory pledge puts labour in a difficult position , since ruling out any compromise on trident would infuriate the snp and many voters in scotland , where support for the system 's renewal is lower than in the rest of the uk . mr fallon will add today : ' it is a sign of his weakness he has failed to rule out a deal . voters can only conclude he would be prepared to trade britain 's security just to get his hands on the keys to downing street . ' the future of our country 's security will be on the ballot paper too . there will be a clear choice between a conservative government that will put our national security first . or ed miliband , a man so desperate for power he is ready to barter away our nuclear deterrent in a backroom deal with the snp . ' liberal democrat defence spokesman sir nick harvey said he did not see any need for trident to be patrolling the seas 24/7 while the uk has ' no known nuclear adversary ' . he told bbc radio 4 's today programme the nuclear deterrent was ' worth retaining ' , but said two submarines would provide a ' perfectly meaningful deterrent ' , although not on a ' continuous basis ' . retaining three submarines would enable the uk to have a ' continuous at-sea deterrence ' , he added . natalie bennett , leader of the green party , said : ' this latest round of tory speculation does n't conceal the fact that the labour party is committed to renewing our multibillion pound nuclear weapons system . ' the truth is that the labour leadership has made it clear that they will prioritise spending £100billion on a cold war relic - rather than investing in the schools and hospitals that this country so desperately needs . ' only one party is standing up to trident across the uk . green mps will put pressure on the government to ensure that a proper debate is had over trident . ' 