the price of olive oil is expected to rocket as forestry officials in southern italy yesterday began cutting down thousands of olive trees infected with a deadly bacteria . the xylella fastidiosa bacteria has ravaged olive trees in the puglia region and contributed to a 35 percent drop in the region 's olive oil production last year . its spread has so alarmed the eu that france announced a boycott of puglian fruit and vegetables , while its effect on production will mean shortages in the supply of olive oil and is likely to lead to higher prices for shoppers in britain and around the world . an italian forestry official stands guard as workers begin chopping down an infected olive oil tree . police officers were also on hand to maintain order after protesters attempted to stop the trees ' destruction . a forestry official walks past the fenced-off remains of an olive oil tree destroyed in an attempt to stop the spread of the disease . a forestry worker cuts through the stump of a tree infected with the deadly xylella fastidiosa bacteria . puglian growers have opposed the government 's destruction plan , saying it wo n't stop the bacteria 's spread . however , puglian growers have opposed the government 's slash-and-burn plan , saying it wo n't contain the bacteria 's spread . several dozen protesters tried unsuccessfully yesterday to block the first seven trees from being felled in oria , near brindisi , even climbing the branches and shouting ' assassins . ' eventually , the first seven trees were cut down and are to be burned today , with more to follow . many of italy 's oldest olive groves , some dating back 500 years , have been infected by the bacterium , which causes plants to shrivel , leaving them incapable of bearing fruit . puglia , a region in the heel of italy , produces about 11million tons of olives a year , more than a third of the national crop , and they are used to make some of the country 's best oils . the initial area to be culled is 20,000 acres – about 30 sq miles – between lecce to brindisi . it contains around 11million trees , according to unaprol , the largest consortium of growers . it is feared that unless drastic action is taken to fell the groves , the bacterium will spread to other olive-producing regions of italy such as tuscany and umbria , and even to other mediterranean countries . last month vytenis andriukaitis , the european commissioner for food safety and security , said he was ' profoundly concerned by the gravity of the situation ' . he added : ' we have to take decisive measures with immediate effect . naturally it is very painful for the growers but it is necessary to remove all the affected trees , it is the most effective measure . ' the bacteria ( right ) causes plants to dry out , leaving shrivelled stumps that are incapable of bearing fruit . pictured left are protesters sitting in the branches of an olive oil tree earmarked for destruction . the microbe , first identified in the americas , has now infected 800,000 trees in salento , the southern half of puglia , the heel of italy . below is a summary of the italian virgin olive oil market worldwide , according to unaprol ( organisation of italian oil producers ) , showing the main importing countries : usa : italy holds a market share of 51 per cent , with exports up 2 per cent in 2013 . austria : italy is the market leader in 2013 with a 48 per cent share . brazil : italy is the fourth-largest virgin oil supplier to brazil with 7 per cent of the market , following portugal , spain and argentina . canada : italy is in pole position with a market share of 70 per cent in 2013 . china : italy is the second-largest virgin oil supplier . in 2013 , the market share was 21 per cent . korea : italy is the second-largest virgin oil supplier . japan : italy is the market leader in 2013 with a 45 per cent share and a growth of 6 per cent . hong kong : italy is the main virgin oil supplier . india : italy is the second-largest virgin oil supplier on the indian market after spain . russia : italy is the second-biggest virgin oil supplier with a 26 per cent market share . singapore : italy is the main virgin oil supplier , with an increase from 2012 to 2013 both for the volume and for the value . source : olive oil times . 