it was heralded as the world’s oldest musical instrument ; a bone with two holes in it seemingly made by neanderthals to serenade their companions . but now a study says it’s not an instrument at all - but rather , simply a bone chewed by hyenas and left in a cave . the research suggests historians have been fooled by these phoney objects - and , in fact , all such ‘instruments’ attributed to neanderthals are simply chew toys of animals . a researcher says a ' bone flute ' found in slovenia is not an instrument - instead , he says it is simply a bone chewed by a hyena with teeth marks . the bone is shown here , believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in europe , on show in ljubljana . the bone was discovered on 18 july 1995 in slovenia . the latest analysis was conducted by dr cajus diedrich from the paleo-logic independent institute of geosciences . in a paper published in the royal society of open science , he took a look at several ‘ musical instruments’ that had been attributed to neanderthals . neanderthals may have created and worn the world 's first jewellery 130,000 years ago , according to scientists . researchers examining eight talons taken from a white-tailed eagle found at krapina in croatia say they were used to create necklace or bracelet . the claws bear multiple cut marks , notches and signs that they had been polishing by the neanderthals that once inhabited the site where they were found . anthropologists at the university kansas say the talons appear to have been made into symbolic jewellery 80,000 years before modern humans arrived in europe . the findings add to evidence that neanderthals were not the slow-witted and primitive creatures they are often portrayed as . one in particular , the divje babe flute , is often said to be the world’s oldest musical instrument . the cave bear femur , pierced with two holes , was found in 1995 at the divje babe archaeological park near cerkno in northwestern slovenia . dr diedrich said analysis of the bone shows the holes are teeth marks , and the shape is just the result of the bone not breaking when it was chewed . in most caves , carnivore damage like this can be seen in about 20 per cent of animal remains and 80 per cent of bear cub remains . but while adult remains were often ‘ crushed to pieces’ , bear cubs often had certain patterns like this . ‘ these are not instruments , nor human made , but products of the most important cave bear scavengers of europe , hyenas , ’ dr diedrich wrote . ‘ hyenas left bones in repeating similar tooth mark and crush damage stages , demonstrating a butchering/bone cracking strategy . ‘ hyenas produced round-oval puncture marks in cub femora only by the bone-crushing premolar teeth of both upper and lower jaw . ’ one instrument in particular , the divje babe flute , is often said to be the world’s oldest musical instrument . the cave bear femur , pierced with two holes , was found in 1995 at the divje babe archaeological park ( shown ) near cerkno in northwestern slovenia . the latest analysis says that many bones found in caves can simply be attributed to animals around 30,000 years ago , rather than neanderthals . shown is an exhibit of the life of a neanderthal family in a cave in the neanderthal museum in the northern town of krapina in croatia . the first ‘ neanderthal flutes’ were discovered in slovenia in the 1920s and , since then , many others have been identified . sadly for those who thought neanderthals might have played music in this way to one another , though , it seems the earlier analysis may have been wrong . shown is the ' divje babe flute ' bear bone , believed to be the oldest musical instrument discovered in europe , in the national museum in ljubljana . dr diedrich derides all the research that has gone into these bones so far . he also points out that there is no evidence on the bones that tools have been used to make the holes , further cementing the idea they were made by hyena teeth . what’s more , he also said that most of the ‘ bone flutes’ do not actually date from neanderthal times - 200,000 to 30,000 years ago . rather , he says they can more closely be attributed to the aurignacian culture 38,000 to 29,000 years ago - sometimes said to be the first modern humans in europe , owing to their grasp of using tools . ‘ the “ cave bear cub femora with holes” are , in all cases , neither instruments nor human made at all , ’ he concludes . ‘ all cave bear pseudo-bone flutes are not dated to neanderthal middle palaeolithic mousterian layers , but instead , if possible to date , to late palaeolithic , aurignacian/gravettian layers . ’ he added : ‘ hyenas left , therefore , “pseudo-bone flutes” during the late middle to late pleistocene all over europe in cave bear dens , and on different cave bear species/subspecies . ‘ this is known due to lack of breakage on most of the cave bear cub femora , which generally show additional diagonal zigzag margins ( from chewing joints by scissor teeth of hyenas ) or have triangular or smaller scratch tooth marks . ’