the prospect of a labour government is knocking up to 10 per cent off the price of some of britain 's most expensive homes , it has been claimed . wealthy buyers are demanding a lower ' ed miliband ' price to compensate for any future mansion tax bills introduced by the labour leader if he becomes prime minister . estate agents in london are now said to be offering a higher ' cameron price ' and lower ' miliband price ' for the same property . labour leader ed miliband , on the bbc 's andrew marr show ( left ) , has pledged to introduce a mansion tax on properties worth over £2million . the annual levy will hit his own home in north london ( right ) . mr miliband has pledged to introduce an annual levy on homes worth more than £2million to raise money for the nhs . under plans drawn up by shadow chancellor ed balls , homeowners with properties worth between £2million and £3million will be forced to pay £3,000 a year in mansion tax . owners of homes worth more than £3million will have to pay even more . the tories have dubbed the proposal the ' homes tax ' and warned that families living in much more modest properties could be dragged into the levy . mr milliband himself has admitted that his north london home would be hit by his party 's planned annual levy . david cameron , on sky 's murnaghan show this morning , has criticised labour 's proposed mansion tax as a ' home tax ' . a labour government could see people 's mortgage bills soar by £1,000 a year , george osborne has claimed . the chancellor warned warned that the prospect of ed miliband propped up by the snp would lead to a ' clear and present danger ' of rising interest rates . predicting increases in mortgage rates , he said : ' a 1 % rise in interest rates would hit the family with the average mortgage with an extra £1,000 bill a year . the price is paid by working people . ' the labour leader lives in a four-bedroom semi-detached house in dartmouth park valued at around £2.7million . but if mr miliband ever came to sell his home as prime minister he could be forced to lower the price to cover the costs of his own mansion tax . according to the sunday times , one buyer who is about to exchange contracts on a £15million property in st john 's wood , north london , has threatened to drop his offer to £13.5million if the deal is not completed before may 7 and mr miliband becomes prime minister . in notting hill , west london , a buyer of a property for sale just above £2million has said he will only pay that price only if david cameron makes it back to number 10 . miles meacock , of strutt & parker , the estate agent , in notting hill , told the sunday times that the bidder who had trimmed £100,000 from their offer for a £2m property , wanted to be sure of permanently avoiding the burden of mansion tax . he said : ' if the tories win , he will come back to the table . this is likely to be a phenomenon for the next two weeks . ' according to the property website rightmove 77 homes previously listed for sale above £2million have been reduced to below the ' mansion tax level ' in the past six weeks . ed mead , an executive director at the london estate agent douglas & gordon , some sellers are so concerned about the mansion tax putting off potential buyers that they have told prospective buyers they will cover the full cost of it for a five-year labour term . the liberal democrats have a similar mansion tax proposal . nick clegg wants to charge £2,000 a year on properties worth between £2million and £2.5million , rising to £3,500 for those worth between £2.5million and £3million , £5,000 for £3million to £4million and £9,000 for those worth up to £5million .