self-assured and poised in her stilettoes and new hairstyle , nicola sturgeon clearly revelled in being centre-stage – addressing a nationwide audience of britons , rather than just the usual five million scots . such was her exultation that judy murray , mother of tennis star andy ( who was widely criticised for voicing his support for scottish independence on the eve of last year’s independence referendum ) , tweeted about her triumph . judy murray said : ‘ gsm sturgeon’ ( game , set and match ) . scroll down for video . the britain-wide tv audience was clearly impressed - an instant poll by yougov found that 28 per cent thought nicola sturgeon was the best performer . for most people outside scotland , this will have been their first proper view of scotland’s first minister . until now , she had been in the substantial shadow of her noisy and bullish predecessor , alex salmond . but few north of the border were surprised by her performance . the fact is that sturgeon has the most experience of governing of any of the seven politicians taking part in the tv debate , having been a member of the scottish cabinet and deputy first minister since 2007 . such is the hero-worship she attracts in scotland , that even after the snp lost the referendum vote last year , 12,000 people paid to see her speak at glasgow’s hydro , a concert venue more usually home to pop stars such as sting or rod stewart . sturgeon is a very canny operator . her style on thursday night was deliberately calm , natural and direct – qualities that are rare in politicians in this age of spin and slipperiness . the britain-wide tv audience was clearly impressed . an instant poll by yougov found that 28 per cent thought she was the best performer . fascinatingly , one of the most-searched things on google immediately after the end of the broadcast was whether people who don’t live in scotland can vote for the snp on may 7 . i found myself torn . as a fellow scot , i wanted to see her do well . but as someone who regards himself as ‘british’ and who voted to keep the union , i am all too aware of her determination to destroy my country . indeed , nicola ferguson sturgeon is a very dangerous woman . such was her exultation that judy murray , mother of tennis star andy , tweeted about her triumph . judy murray said : ‘ gsm sturgeon’ ( game , set and match ) . leader : for most people outside scotland , this will have been their first proper view of scotland’s first minister . although poles apart politically – and sturgeon herself would run the royal mile in edinburgh at the comparison – she shares many similarities with margaret thatcher . like mrs t , the snp leader transformed her image from that of a dowdy egghead into a glamorous , power-dressing imperatrix – emphasising a mixture of elegant feminine charm and steel . her strength of character and willpower have driven her to the top of a party that has traditionally been dominated by powerful men in kilts . what has lifted her above these male rivals is her emotional intelligence . although naturally shy , her two decades in politics has seen her grow into a polished public performer . make no mistake , however : she is unequivocally left-wing . and she is also an avowed feminist . indeed , during her snp conference speech last month she said : ‘ i am determined that – unlike that other woman leader we once knew – i will use my time in this job to improve the lives of women across our country . ’ one of her first acts as first minister was to create a gender-balanced cabinet . first minister nicola sturgeon greets young fans on the campaign trail in edinburgh , where she was hailed as ' scotland 's queen ' . dangerous : snp leader nicola sturgeon could hold the balance of power and be in position to decide who forms the next government . having taken over from alex salmond after the snp had lost the referendum , sturgeon is in some ways exactly what scotland needed . the country was – and still is – deeply divided and bruised by the vote . but the beguiling sturgeon is a much more conciliatory and less arrogant figure than her predecessor . very cleverly , she is now taking her scottish independence campaign south of the border . and thursday’s tv debate offered the perfect platform . by saying that her ‘ message to the people of england , wales and northern ireland is one of friendship’ , it was a brazen charm offensive . opinion polls suggest that post-may 7 , sturgeon could wield huge influence over who forms the next government in westminster . and with predictions that her snp could take 45 of scotland’s 59 seats , there is a growing fear in england that she could hold westminster to ransom . range : nicola sturgeon , leader of the pro-independence scottish national party , was touted as one of the victors . analysts remarked that none of the seven leaders delivered a ' killer line ' to stand out from the rest . by propping up a miliband government , she would try to impose her left-wing agenda : big-state socialism , ferocious opposition to an austerity programme , the non-renewal of the trident nuclear deterrent , demands for expensive public spending projects that fly in the face of economic reality . if that happens , britain would face a political crisis as the english ( who number 53million ) would feel justified in rebelling against a government that depended for its existence on the votes of a neighbouring country of just five million . such a situation would , inevitably , become unworkable and collapse , with incalculable consequences for our political system . of course , that would play right into the hands of nicola sturgeon . for she full knows that the growing anti-scottish feeling in england could lead to westminster concluding that the union with scotland was unsustainable . already , scots are speculating that there would soon be a second referendum on independence . these are the cards that sturgeon holds – and her hand is stacked with aces . the fact is that she commands her party and her nation in a way that david cameron or ed miliband can only dream of . today , nicola sturgeon is the most dangerous woman in british politics .