on february 14 , 1998 , new kid on the block michael owen scored a hat-trick for liverpool in a 3-3 draw with sheffield wednesday at hillsborough . doing so on the most romantic day of the year was fitting for the division 's newest heartthrob . the expectation surrounding owen escalated , and the intro for the next day 's report in the liverpool echo said it all : ' brazil have ronaldo . liverpool , and now england , have michael owen . ' michael owen was the new kid on the block in the premier league and scored three at hillsborough in 1998 . owen celebrates as he scores his hat-trick against sheffield wednesday on february 14 , 1998 . england 's young striker owen makes a run during the 1998 world cup against argentina in france . owen lets rip his shot that saw the three lions starlet score against argentina at the 1998 world cup . owen celebrates his goal at france '98 as he went on to deal with the expectation placed on his shoulders . 1997-98 : 36 appearances , 18 goals . 1998-99 : 30 appearances , 18 goals . best ever season total:19 . 2014-15 : 26 appearances , 19 goals . 2015-16 : tbc . best ever season total : 19 ( and counting ) . it was a lot for young shoulders to take , yet four-and-a-half months later he scored that goal against argentina at france '98 . he handled it . other england strikers created a similar hype . wayne rooney was one , alan shearer another . and now harry kane is dividing opinion . some believe he will be the next name jotted on that prestigious list , others think he will be found out . this is where kane can take note of owen . it was he who , in 1997-98 , scored 18 goals in 36 appearances in the barclays premier league . he kept it up at the 1998 world cup , and did so the season after , too , scoring 18 goals again but in six fewer premier league appearances . he never looked at the opposition as manchester united , or arsenal , or even argentina . ' from one game to the next , i did n't even know who i was playing against – they were just names on a teamsheet , not big reputations , and that innocence served me well , ' owen once said . kane has been just as fearless this year . the expectation on him is up there with owen , and rooney , and shearer . yet he must , at the very least , do it for another season ; prove it is not a fluke , or a one-off , before he can even be considered a reason for england supporters to be chipper . harry kane came on as a substitute to make his senior england debut by replacing wayne rooney . kane celebrates scoring for england during his senior debut at wembley against luthuania . kane will try to prove his outstanding premier league season is not a fluke this year . 3 - no player had ever won player of the month three times in a row ... but kane tied with dennis bergkamp and cristiano ronaldo after winning it in january and february . 19 - kane has matched owen 's best-ever total for a premier league season . 22 - kane 's 19 goals have directly contributed 22 points to tottenham hotspur 's 56 total . 25 - kane has won the same amount of tackles as vincent kompany this season . 40 - kane 's 22 goals in 40 appearances in the premier league beats owen 's 20 . 500 - kane was 500/1 to be win the premier league golden boot this season . even so , that does not mean he should n't be celebrated , or that he ca n't do it . kane , after all , has matched owen 's 19 goals in 2001-02 and 2002-03 – the bt sport co-commentator’s best-ever total in a premier league season – with eight games to spare . his 22 goals in his first 40 appearances beats owen’s 20 , too . kane 's goals have contributed 22 points to tottenham hotspur alone , taking them from a losing position to a winning one against leicester city , queens park rangers , arsenal , and so on . they’d be 14th without . nobody , by the way , had ever won the player of the month award three consecutive times . dennis bergkamp won it in august and september , 1997 . cristiano ronaldo won it in november and december , 2006 . kane went desperately close to a third following five goals in march , only for arsenal’s olivier giroud to deny him . even so , being mentioned in the same breath as bergkamp and ronaldo will do the man who was struggling for a place in the leicester city team just two years ago . kane celebrates scoring against queens park rangers for tottenham in the premier league at loftus road . kane went desperately close to a third straight player of the month award - which has never been done before . harry kane and vincent kompany have – coincidentally – played 1,876 minutes each this season , and here 's how they compare : tackles won : 25 - kane . 25 - kompany . tackles lost : 30 - kane . 37 - kompany . the tottenham product – 6ft 2in with hair slicked back and a traditional look about him – seems an old-fashioned centre forward . he was 500/1 at the beginning of the season to win the premier league golden boot , and is not just another also-ran . in diego costa and sergio aguero , he is rivalling one man who cost chelsea £32million , and another who won manchester city the title three years ago . analysing his style of play , however , is n't easy . he is n't known for having pace like owen , or a cannon of a right foot like shearer , or dribbling like aguero , or a bravado like costa – yet kane appears a jack of all trades . ten goals with his right foot , five with his left , four with his head – he’s a right-place-at-the-right-time kind of striker , which never hurts . he’s precise , too , having had the third-most shots on target in the premier league this year , behind aguero and queens park rangers striker charlie austin . kane has had the third-most premier league shots on target , behind sergio aguero and charlie austin . kane appears a right-place-at-the-right-time kind of striker who is a jack of all trades on the pitch . 88 - sergio aguero , manchester city . 81 - graziano pelle , southampton . 65 - charlie austin , queens park rangers . 63 - wilfried bony , swansea and man city . 62 - romelu lukaku , everton . 61 - harry kane , tottenham hotspur . 58 - robin van persie , manchester united . 58 - danny ings , burnley . 57 - diego costa , chelsea . 55 - saido berahino , west bromwich albion . 47 - sergio aguero , manchester city . 43 - charlie austin , queens park rangers . 37 - harry kane , tottenham hotspur . 36 - diego costa , chelsea . 35 - romelu lukaku , everton . 35 - alexis sanchez , arsenal . 33 - wilfried bony , manchester city . 31 - robin van persie , manchester united . 29 - graziano pelle , southampton . 28 - saido berahino , west bromwich albion . kane 's heat maps against leicester city ( left ) and arsenal ( right ) show he 's active in both halves . and don’t forget persistent . consider the top 20 most distances covered by players during a premier league match , and kane features twice ( 13.01km vs everton , and 13.12km vs swansea city ) . it 's no wonder his heat maps ( above ) show him active from one half to the other . even chanelling his inner defender , kane has made as many tackles ( 25 ) as manchester city captain vincent kompany this season in the same amount of minutes ( 1,876 ) – and has lost fewer . yet italy proved more difficult to handle than lithuania , or leicester , or qpr . kane was given a hard time by giorgio chiellini – a foul after 19 seconds serving as an unofficial welcome to international football – but he has had that treatment before . not by the italian , but by chelsea captain john terry . the capital one cup final at wembley was among his more difficult afternoons , kane admitted in an exclusive interview with sportsmail previously , and it will only get harder . kane was closely marked by italy 's giorgio chiellini in what was a taster of what 's to come from defenders . chiellini often had his arms wrapped around kane during set pieces in england 's friendly with italy in turin . kane was barely given an inch by chiellini during the international friendly and he can expect it to continue . defenders catch on quick , and he will be marked intensely , as per chiellini and terry’s taster . can his remarkable form continue for another season , and the one after that , and so on ? kane must avoid what happened to michael ricketts – a player who fell off the radar almost as quickly as he came on to it . ricketts hit 12 goals for bolton wanderers in his first premier league season by february 2002 to earn his england debut against holland that same month , yet the striker did not score for the rest of the season and never reached double figures for a club in the league again . what kane does n't want is to become the answer to a pub quiz question that asks which player scored 25-plus goals in 2014-15 , only to never be seen again ? only he can make sure that doesn’t happen , and it begins with a half-decent 2015-16 . michael ricketts hit 12 goals for bolton wanderers in his first premier league season by february 2002 . he did not score for the rest of the season and never reached double figures for a club in the league again . kane will try to avoid becoming a one-hit wonder in the premier league and it starts with next season . distance data courtesy of the ea sports player performance index , the official player rating index of the barclays premier league . pick , manage and play as your own team of star in ea sports fifa 15 ultimate team . find out more by clicking here # feelthegam .