the eminent plastic surgeon who treated acid attack victim katie piper molested another patient after getting drunk in his surgery , a tribunal was told yesterday . mohammad ali jawad , 56 , allegedly dimmed the lights , shut the blinds and asked her to dance to the music of julio iglesias before massaging her neck and touching her breasts . to the strains of the spanish singer crooning on his iphone , he is claimed to have asked her : ‘ do you see me as a man or a surgeon ? ’ dr mohammad ali jawad , pictured with former patient katie piper . today a medical tribunal heard how he allegedly molested another patient at his surgery in marylebone , central london after getting drunk . the woman , known as patient a , told a hearing considering dr jawad’s fitness to practise that when she went to him for a consultation about treatment for facial scarring , she took a bottle of vodka from her native poland as a gift . he opened it in front of her , brought out two shot glasses and when the next patient cancelled his appointment , he gulped down some vodka , patient a said . ‘ we had a shot first and i think he had a few , then he put the vodka in the bigger crystal glasses , ’ she added . ‘ the more he drank , the more he kept staring at my cleavage and telling me i looked pretty . he asked about my employment . he offered me a job at the clinic . ‘ i was a little bit uncomfortable . i wouldn’t say i was distressed , but it was becoming a little weird . he was becoming increasingly drunk . ’ patient a , a former personal assistant in her 30s , said : ‘ he re-entered the room and dimmed the lights , pulled the blinds down and played julio iglesias on his iphone . ' he then opened a bottle of red wine , then he asked me to dance with him . he didn’t really say anything – he grabbed me . ‘ i didn’t stop him , i was paralysed . i pushed him away and managed to remove myself from his grip . i told him i would show him something on the internet , so he let me go . ‘ i showed him pictures of my friends on facebook and that’s when he stood behind me and started massaging my neck . he then moved his hand from my neck to my collarbone and the front of my chest . i was paralysed . ’ she added : ‘ he then sat down on the chair next to me , facing me . he pulled his legs round one of mine and squeezed my leg with his . he put his hands on my knee and asked if i thought he was pretty . he then asked me if i saw him as a man or a surgeon . dr khan featured in the oscar-winning documentary saving face , pictured . patient a told the hearing in manchester he had bragged about his connection with katie piper . he denies all the allegations against him . ‘ when i said i saw him as a surgeon , he said : “ well if that is the case , there is nothing for us to discuss . ” i got up , took my bag and coat and left in a hurry . ’ the medical practitioners tribunal service in manchester was told the incident happened in october 2012 during a three-hour consultation at his nip n tuck surgery in marylebone , london . dr jawad came to prominence when he led pioneering reconstruction surgery on miss piper , 31 , who suffered horrific burns to her face and body after being covered with sulphuric acid in an attack arranged by her ex-boyfriend in 2008 . patient a told the hearing he had bragged about his connection with the tv presenter , adding : ‘ he had promised to tell me details about katie piper , but he wasn’t sharing details about her treatment . he was telling me how she was healing and that she was very good . ’ dr jawad is alleged to have molested patient a at his surgery nip n tuck on this street in marylebone , london . she said he had showed her a clip on his laptop of his appearance at the pride of britain awards before trying to instigate sexual contact . the tribunal heard dr jawad and patient a first met for a consultation in january 2010 and had at least two other meetings before the incident , but they communicated by text message and email . the surgeon denies all of the allegations of misconduct and will give evidence via videolink from karachi , pakistan , where he is currently living and working . in 2012 , dr jawad featured in the oscar-winning documentary saving face , which followed his journeys to pakistan to perform reconstructive surgery on female survivors of acid attacks . he is a trustee , alongside simon cowell , of miss piper’s burns charity , the katie piper foundation .