menacing : an immigrant holds his machete to his face as gangs clashed with police following the outbreak of violence in south africa . police battled to contain a wave of violence in south africa last night as gangs of migrants armed themselves with machetes to fight off anti-foreigner attacks by locals . five people have died since vigilantes started looting and attacking shops owned by immigrants , mainly from other parts of africa . police fired stun grenades and rubber bullets as immigrant gangs confronted the vigilantes , and last night in parts of johannesburg officers formed a human barrier to keep the two sides apart . more than 200 immigrants had to take refuge in a police station and dozens of businesses were closed when trouble spread just a day after a rally against xenophobia in durban . immigrants have complained about a lack of protection from the authorities and some have started arming themselves to fight back . eyewitnesses have claimed that the vigilante violence is carefully orchestrated and that minibuses have been ferrying men armed with knives and machetes around suburbs . in the past two weeks , shops and homes owned by somalis , ethiopians , malawians and other migrants have been targeted , forcing more than 2,000 to flee to camps protected by armed guards . in johannesburg , malawian immigrant samuel idrssa described how his friend was stabbed and set on fire by a mob . ‘ we wanted to rescue him but there were too many of them , ’ he said . ‘ it was shocking . ’ he added : ‘ we have all left our homes . those affected are those of us who live in poor townships because we live with poor south africans who do not have jobs . ’ so far , five people are believed to have been killed in the violent protests which started two weeks ago in durban , a key port on south africa 's indian ocean coast , spreading to johannesburg . violence flared days after zulu king goodwill zwelithini said in remarks reported by local media that foreigners should ' take their bags and go ' . in a recorded speech sent to a local broadcaster , he said : ' we must deal with our own lice ' and complained about foreign-owned shops . he has since said his comments were misinterpreted . addressing parliament in cape town on thursday , president zuma reiterated his condemnation of the violence , calling it a ' violation ' of south africa 's values . ' no amount of frustration or anger can ever justify the attacks on foreign nationals and the looting of their shops , ' he said . ' we condemn the violence in the strongest possible terms . the attacks violate all the values that south africa embodies . ' scroll down for video . fighting back : immigrants carrying machetes have clashed with police in a search for locals that attacked foreign shop owners in durban . on the move : police officers fire rubber bullets as they disperse the gangs of african immigrants who have fought back in south africa . armed : an african immigrant , in a jumper and tracksuit bottoms , firmly grips a machete as violence continued to flare in south africa . danger : a man in an adidas tracksuit armed with an axe charges at a photographer in johannesburg , cheered on by a crowd behind him . he also said the government was taking steps to secure its porous borders and making progress in setting up a border management agency , announced last year and scheduled to be up and running in 2016 . the ruling african national congress party has condemned the attacks as ' shameful ' and branded them ' criminal acts against vulnerable people ' . the us ambassador to south africa , born in zaire - now the democratic republic of the congo - to haitian parents , spoke in defence of the immigrants . ' as an immigrant to my own country , my heart goes out to those who have been attacked for being different , ' patrick h. gaspard said . the desmond and leah tutu legacy foundation , which campaigns for peace , warned : ‘ the fabric of the nation is splitting at the seams ; its precious nucleus – our moral core – is being ruptured . ’ gang : a group of immigrants brandishing machetes in a run-down area of johannesburg prepare to defend themselves against the police . unrest : the xenophobic violence that started in durban two weeks ago has spread this week to johannesburg and other areas of the country . mob : south african hostel dwellers , some brandishing sticks in an aggressive manner , stage a demonstration against foreigners . intimidation : a man holding a wooden stick and a shield stands outside a hostel during anti-immigration related violence in johannesburg . attacks : a gang of local men dressed in civilian clothing demonstrate against foreigners , with one whirling an axe in his right hand . on the run : a woman in a hat dashes off , flanked by other locals , after trying to rob a foreign motorist in johannesburg .  smoke : a woman covered in soot gestures and shouts towards foreign nationals in the jeppestown area of johannesburg yesterday . chaos : men from the jeppie hostles roll over a torched car in the middle of the street in jeppestown , johannesburg . divisions : a man with a hammer retrieves metal scraps from a burnt-out vehicle after foreign nationals torched a car in the early hours . aftermath : a man carries an axe as he walks past a burnt out car in jeppestown after more unrest in the early hours of yesterday morning . weapon : a man clutches a brick in his left hand as the violence escalates across south africa - five dead have already died . in the past two weeks , foreign nationals living near johannesburg had to remove items from their shops and shut up their stores because of fears they could be targeted by protesters . they fled after a mobile phone text message was apparently sent to shop owners , warning them to shut their premises , claiming that ' zulu people are coming to town ... to kill every foreigner on the road ' . angry south africans accuse immigrants of taking jobs in a country where unemployment and poverty levels are high - the official figure is 25 per cent but economists say , in reality , it is much higher . victim : carol lloyd was left injured and covered in blood after rocks were thrown at and shattered her car window following immigrant protests near johannesburg in south africa . armed : south african police were called in to help foreign nationals as violent protests spread to johannesburg , threatening more killings . people run for cover from a stun grenade and tear gas after a skirmish between locals and foreign nationals in durban , south africa . a group of foreign nationals threaten to defend themselves as police get between them and south africans after a peace march in durban . in actonville , south african men were seen singing , armed with clubs and pieces of wood , as they called for foreign shop owners to leave . police responded to the violence in south africa by firing tear gas grenades as they began to enter men 's hostels to search for weapons . south africa has a population of about 50 million , but an estimated five million immigrants and its high jobless rate , widespread poverty and glaring income disparities make it a ripe candidate for outbreaks of anti-immigrant violence . johannesburg was the epicentre of the 2008 xenophobic attacks that killed more than 60 people and saw violence spread through the area . the governments of malawi and zimbabwe have begun efforts to repatriate citizens affected by the attacks . police entered hostels in actonville in johannesburg looking for weapons and are seen holding suspects at gunpoint . a man is searched by a police officer for weapons as fear intensifies in johannesburg over the violence towards foreign nationals . the violence in south africa has been condemned by leaders and officials as more foreigners are being forced to leave their stores and homes . riot police , armed with guns , ammunition and wearing helmets have been clashing with protesters as they try to ensure safety . a child looks out from inside a deserted store in germiston , near johannesburg after the immigrant owner removed his goods and left in fear of attack from local residents . foreign nationals have been seen loading trucks with their goods as they flee primrose , near johannesburg to escape the violence . shop owners fearing for their lives have been seen emptying their stores while armed police officers stand guard to protect them . hundreds of people took part in a peace march after anti-immigrant violence flared in durban . meanwhile , foreigners fled their homes . peace : thousands of people took part in a peace march , calling for an end to the violence against immigrants in south africa . a woman holds a poster while taking part in a peace march in durban yesterday as the president calls for an end to the xenophobic violence . a peace march against xenophobia took place in durban yesterday as foreigners fled their homes and businesses in fear . police have repeatedly clashed with protesters who are threatening violence , looting stores and setting fires in kwamashu and umlazi . fleeing : foreign nationals loaded up trucks with their belongings and made their way out of johannesburg , fearing more attacks . shelves have been left bare in one shop in the village of primrose near johannesburg after foreigners fled their homes and businesses . a man carries bottles of drink that had been on sale in a store after foreign nationals decided to flee primrose , fearing for their lives . two men are pictured carrying a refrigerator as foreigners flee their homes and businesses as protesters make them fear for their lives . a child joins a queue at a shelter for displaced foreigners near johannesburg after overnight attacks between locals and immigrants . refuge : earlier this week foreign nationals , who were forced out of their homes , took refuge at camps in isipingo in south durban . handouts : the foreigners , including children , were provided with food by the local community after they were threatened with violence . fear spread throughout south africa after people received text messages warning them they would be attacked or killed if they stayed . mobs have been seen marching through the streets shouting as they call for foreign nationals to leave and clash with police officers .