alfred hitchcock . by peter ackroyd . ( chatto & windus £12.99 . with this nutritious , compact and superb critical biography , ackroyd emphasises the importance of victorian and edwardian london in the imagination of alfred hitchcock — the ‘damp-looking dirty blackness’ of the east end ; the ‘ manifold ruffianism’ of the cockneys ; the pubs , street markets , theatres and music halls , with their ‘ variety acts , dioramas and italian operettas’ . alfred hitchcock ( pictured ) was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london . in addition to the gaudiness , the city was a place with dark staircases , gaslight , rain and spooky cobbled alleys : the ideal setting for murder . hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london , the son of a wholesale grocer . they were a catholic family , irish originally , and the boy who would become ‘ one of the most distinguished directors in the world’ was educated by the jesuits . the bullying christian brothers may have taught ‘ the virtues of order , control and precision’ , but they also instilled ( with the strap ) a belief in mystery and miracles . the logic and reason , coupled with a mood of anxiety , dread and paranoid suspicion , seeped into hitchcock’s work : ‘ he thought everyone was doing something physical and nasty behind every closed door’ . looking back on his schooldays , he said that , as the jesuits had frightened him , ‘ now i’m getting my own back by terrifying other people’ . hitchcock was never any oil painting . a 5 ft 7 in humpty dumpty , he was the neurotic fat boy with piggy eyes , who was filled with ‘ lavish and peculiar’ repressed sexual fantasies . his entire oeuvre , ackroyd suggests , was a study of voyeurism , violence and guilt with , on the one hand , the rape and murder of vulnerable women , and , on the other , the pursuit of a hero accused of crimes he did not commit . his very first work , in 1927 , the lodger , was about a man wrongly accused of being jack the ripper and , already , hitchcock could whip up an atmosphere of ‘ doubt and suspense’ , the camera dwelling on ‘ dark puddles shimmering with opalescent light’ . his opening in movies began at the studios in islington and twickenham , where hitchcock created the captions for silent movies and designed the title cards . here , he met alma reville , whom he married in 1926 . alma was an editor who ‘ emphasised the importance of smooth continuity and the subtle use of close-up’ . she was thin and boyish , wearing trouser-suits tailored at austin reed , ‘ the gentlemen’s outfitters’ . the hitchcocks lived at 153 cromwell road and had one daughter , patricia . apart from conceiving patricia , ackroyd assures us , hitchcock and alma never had sex together again . ackroyd goes into raptures about the lodger , which starred ivor novello . ‘ the use of light was its music , rising in intensity , in the process creating a unique rhythm of meaning’ . would hitchcock have seen it this way ? the shower scene from hitchcock 's psycho ( janet leigh pictured playing marion crane in the film ) is one of the most recognisable shots in cinematic history . when he wrote his granddaughter’s film studies essay for her , he ( or she ) was awarded a c. ‘ well , i’m sorry . that’s the best i can do , ’ he said , grumpily . but it never does to ask an artist to explain his own flavour and texture — it makes for self-consciousness . such was hitchcock’s critical and popular success that , by the early thirties , he was earning £13,000 a year — £700,000 in today’s money . his skill was to merge larger-than-life melodramas — bombs , assassins , enemy agents — with mundane tasks and anxieties , about catching trains , losing a tie-pin , or ( notoriously ) taking a shower . he moved to hollywood in 1939 , to make rebecca with laurence olivier . the hitchcocks bought a house in bel air and an 85-acre ranch in santa cruz . the brightness of california’s blue pools and red clay tennis courts was in marked contrast to london’s charcoal murk yet , as in his english films , hitchcock found that , in the sunshine , ‘ fear became an intrinsic aspect of daily life’ . cary grant , gregory peck and james stewart were now his wrongly accused leading men . kim novak , tippi hedren and grace kelly were his ‘ ideal blonde beauties’ , the women alone , menaced by intruders . princess grace , in particular , was described by hitchcock as ‘ a volcano covered with snow’ — with the implication that these ice maidens rather liked being plunged into dangerous situations , because it aroused them . he was respected , but not liked . with the stars , hitchcock was awkward , even contemptuous , calling them ‘cattle’ . marlene dietrich called him ‘ a strange little man . i didn’t like him’ , and hitchcock had an unfortunate fondness for cruel practical jokes — plying people with drinks laced with laxatives , handcuffing people and losing the key . he also ‘ had a schoolboy’s obsession with sex that went on and on in a very peculiar way’ , the dirty jokes accompanied by salacious groping . hitchcock ( pictured with his two granddaughters ) was respected in the industry , but not liked . marlene dietrich called him ‘ a strange little man . i didn’t like him’ . then there’s hitchcock’s clammy behaviour towards tippi hedren during the making of the birds and marnie — ‘ he was almost obsessed with me , ’ says the actress , ‘ and it’s very difficult to be the object of someone’s obsession’ . ackroyd valiantly tries to defend the director’s control freakery by arguing that hitchcock was doing nothing worse than deliberately trying to elicit a nervous and terrified performance for the cameras . ’ through provocation and bullying , says ackroyd , hitchcock was being professional . it was a strategy . hmm . i think i prefer francois truffaut’s observation that ‘ hitchcock filmed scenes of murder as if they were love scenes , and scenes of love as if they were scenes of murder’ . the camera always lingers on faces that could be wracked with either pain or pleasure . ( ‘ when he sticks it in her , ’ he gleefully instructed his cinematographer prior to shooting a rape sequence , ‘ i want the camera right on her face ! ’ ) victims swoon . hands grasp a neck — strangulation is an embrace , for example , in strangers on a train or the shocking despatch of anna massey in frenzy . everybody remembers psycho , with anthony perkins as the ‘ excitable and sexually ambiguous’ norman bates — a thin version of hitchcock himself , it seems . in the shower scene , ‘ chocolate syrup was used for the blood’ . a smashing detail i hadn’t known before . the audiences screamed to such an extent , hitchcock pocketed a profit of $ 15 million . in the birds , gulls and crows were flung at tippi hedren in an attic set for five days solid , scratching her to pieces . live birds were tied to her body with elastic bands , so that they’d bounce about and flap and perch on her face . ‘ the actual biting is done by glove puppets , ’ ackroyd maintains . but a lot of those pecks look genuine — hitchcock’s revenge , it is said , because hedren had rejected his advances . hitchcock died in 1980 from ailments related to obesity and alcoholism : colitis , arthritis , gall stones , renal failure . he’d done more than anyone since edgar allan poe to make our flesh creep . as usual , the honours committee made a fool of itself , only getting around to making him sir alfred on his deathbed .  