crystal palace would sell coveted winger yannick bolasie for '£40million to £60million ' , according to manager alan pardew . pardew claims all his players are ' undervalued ' as the selhurst park club bid to assert their barclays premier league clout . the former newcastle boss is ready to fend off big-money bids for his in-demand stars like bolasie and defender scott dann - but conceded ' every player has a price ' . alan pardew says he would sell yannick bolasie if crystal palace were offered £40-60million . bolasie has been in fine form in recent weeks as palace have enjoyed a successful second half of the season . democratic republic of congo star bolasie joined palace for around £400,000 from bristol city in 2012 but has risen steadily in standing ever since . last week pardew slapped a £20m price tag on the 25-year-old 's head with liverpool circling - now he has casually bandied about figures three times as high . ' i 'll sell yannick , if someone wants to give me £40m to £60m , somewhere in there , that would be good , ' pardew said . ' i 'll take it and we 'll build the team around that money . every player has a price , of course . all these players here are undervalued , in my opinion . ' this is a top-10 team at the moment , top 12 , yet if you put the valuation of our squad against any of the other teams above us , and some below , it 's not right . ' so i 'm going to address that . anyone who rings me up will get a proper price . it 's only our second year in the premier league so it 's understandable ( if players are undervalued ) . bolasie celebrates after netting for palace , as he has begun to add goalscoring to his all-round game . bolasie scored a hat-trick against sunderland a few weeks ago , and is attracting the attention of top clubs . ' you need to put your credentials there every week . i think these players are starting to do that now ; bolasie , ( jason ) puncheon , ( joel ) ward , ( damien ) delaney . ' therefore when i hear figures being talked about players , they are not even close to where i value these players . ' it 's very easy to address : a manager has to ring me up and i will tell him the price , and that will be addressed . ' lyon-born bolasie bagged a hat-trick in palace 's 4-1 premier league win at sunderland on april 11 , his fine form since prompting a raft of transfer speculation . liverpool 's initial plans to offer £10million this summer have been thwarted , but boss brendan rodgers is weighing up offering striker rickie lambert as well as increasing his transfer bid . pardew says he is not keen to lose his star man , but would sell him if the right offer came in . pardew insists several of his players , including jason puncheon ( left ) and joel ward , are undervalued . while pardew will be at pains to hold onto all his front-line talents at palace over the summer , the ex-eagles midfielder conceded the club may not be able to resist an outrageous bid . pardew said palace could end up wise to repeat the calculated ' gamble ' he helped take at newcastle when the st james ' park club sold andy carroll to liverpool for £35million in 2011 . the selhurst park manager believes selling one star for big money can help rejuvenate an entire squad . ' i can think of a situation i had at newcastle , the last day of the window , a team that was n't great , not too far away from the relegation zone and we accepted a big bid for andy carroll , ' pardew said . ' i said to the chairman at the time that that was a gamble . we were by no means secure ; we 'd only just come up from the championship that year . ' but we did it , we spent the money wisely and we ended up with a very , very good team . so it is about the right price for the right player , and then you have to build on that . ' 