the duchess of cambridge is a modern-day suffragette who has done more to advance the cause of women than anyone else in recent years . or so says actress patsy kensit , who made the comments in an interview with this week 's stylist magazine . miss kensit , 47 , appeared in the magazine 's regular ' queen of everything ' feature and said the duchess of cambridge would be her ' regal inspiration ' . feminist icon : patsy kensit says the duchess of cambridge is ' our generation 's suffragette ' . charity work : the duchess is famous for philanthropy but not , until now , feminism . she added : ' she 's so fabulous on every level . she repeats outfits , which is brilliant . i know it 's a shallow thing to say but i think it 's done so much for women . ' i 'm not going to be forced to have to look different every time i go out . she 's like our generation 's suffragette . ' this is the first time that the duchess , who spends much of her time doing charity work , has been lauded as a feminist icon . although she has won plaudits for her dedication to children 's charities such as the art room and place2be , her demure dress sense and closeness to her family has resulted in some criticism . most recently , novelist margaret atwood revealed that she thinks kate is an ' uneventful dresser ' who is no match for princess diana . suffragette : emily wilding davison is pictured throwing herself in front of the king 's horse in 1913 . votes for women : campaigners lobbying for votes for women became known as suffragettes . critics : the duchess was dubbed a ' machine made princess ' by hilary mantel and ' drab ' by margaret atwood . ‘ i think she’s watching her back , ' continued the 75-year-old author . ' i think she probably has people who pretty much tell her what is appropriate for her to wear . ' i don’t think she’s become the fashion plate that diana was , and i think she’s probably doing that advisably , wouldn’t you say ? ’ miss atwood is n't the only writer to criticise the duchess , who is due to give birth to her second child later this month , in public . double booker prize winner and wolf hall author hilary mantel has described kate as being like a ‘ shop window mannequin’ and a ‘machine-made’ princess who has been ‘ designed by committee’ . meanwhile sandi toksvig caused outrage when she said the duchess doesn’t have a ‘ single opinion’ of her own , while joan smith produced a similar storm by labelling kate ‘ unambitious and bland’ .