when defenders who have not scored for two years find the net , watford might begin to think this can be the year they return to the premier league . matthew connolly has only been at the club for a month but struck a goal that proved key at a stadium that has humbled all three of their nearest promotion rivals . watford were made to sweat for the three points during a late surge by 10-man nottingham forest , but left having leapfrogged middlesbrough into third , behind norwich in second on goal difference . watford forward odion ighalo celebrates having given the hornets the lead after just four minutes . defender matthew connolly celebrates after putting watford 2-0 up against nottingham forest on wednesday . connolly gets the better of nottingham forest defender jack hobbs to double forest 's advantage . gary gardner scores for nottingham forest to half the deficit against watford with twenty minutes to play . almen abdi celebrates scoring watford 's third goal and making certain of the points in the closing stages . nottingham forest ( 4-1-4-1 ) : darlow 6.5 , kane 6.5 , wilson 4 , hobbs 5.5 , lichaj 6 , mancienne 6 ; burke 6.5 , osborn 6.5 ( lansbury 85 ) , gardner 7 , antonio 7 ( barrow 90 ) , akpom 6 ( walker 57 , 5 ) . subs not used : fox , blackstock , vaughan , evtimov . scorer : gardner , 72 . sent off : wilson . dougie freedman 6.5 . watford ( 3-5-2 ) : gomes 7.5 ; cathcart 6.5 , angella 6 , connolly 8 ( hoban 62 ) ; motta 6.5 ( paredes 71 ) , guedioura 6.5 , watson 6 , abdi 7 , anya 6.5 ( tozser 73 , 5 ) ; deeney 6.5 , ighalo 7 . subs not used : manuri , layun , vydra , bond . scorers : ighalo 4 , connolly 41 , abdi 87 . booked : abdi , deeney , motta . slavisa jokanovic 7.5 . man of the match : connolly . referee : paul tierney 6.5 . attendance : 20,723 . an automatic return to the top-flight for the first time since 2007 remains on . watford entered this match knowing only a victory would do in their pursuit of automatic promotion . bournemouth , norwich and middlesbrough all won on tuesday night to maintain the pace at the head of this increasingly intriguing race for premier league gold . aware of the circumstances , heurelho gomes was alert from the off . just 56 seconds were on the clock when the brazilian goalkeeper stopped a certain goal . chris burke , found by michail antonio , drove a shot from close range but gomes saved with his legs . three minutes later , the visitors went ahead . craig cathcart flicked on almen adbi’s corner allowing odion ighalo to nod in at the far post . it was the nigerian’s 20th championship goal in a stellar debut season . the noise from the packed away section of 1,942 gave an impression of its significance . but this was never going to be one-way traffic . forest have beaten bournemouth and boro here under dougie freedman , as well as norwich when stuart pearce was in charge , and threatened repeatedly . in the 15th minute antonio drew a fine save from gomes with a strike from range , then ben osborn hit one that required all of the watford no 1’s 6ft 3in frame to palm wide . by the end of the first half gomes had made seven saves of varying quality . his most eye-catching stop came in the 39th minute when left-back eric lichaj caught a falling ball ever so sweetly on the volley . nottingham forest defender kelvin wilson ( second right ) is shown the red card by referee paul tierney . watford midfielder adiene guedioua slides in to dispossess nottingham forest wideman michail antonio . golascorer connolly gets rid of any danger with an acrobatic clearance for the away side during the first half . watford 's remaining fixtures : birmingham ( h ) , brighton ( a ) , sheffield wednesday ( h ) . watford’s attacking threat is pronounced , of course . troy deeney , who had 20 championship goals before kick-off , partnered ighalo up front . slavisa jokanovic was able to leave matej vydra on the bench . the watford manager would have preferred any of that trio to have the chance that came abdi’s way in the 23rd minute . ighalo threaded a pass to set the swiss international clean through but he almost had too much time to deliberate and only succeeded in poking his finish wide . the crowd let out a groan of disbelief . abdi did better with a curling free-kick in the 34th minute but karl darlow was equal to it . the forest goalkeeper did not do as well seven minutes later however , when watford doubled their lead . connolly strode forward from central defence and played in ighalo , who was able to fire a shot to sting the palms of darlow . as the ball fell loose jack hobbs’ presence seemed to make darlow hesitate and connolly snuck in to prod home his first goal since march 2013 . forest wideman antonio evades the challenge of watford defender craig cathcart and races forward . antonio and marco motta challenge for a loose ball during wednesday night 's championship clash . after the break , each side had a clear chance before kelvin wilson was sent off . in the 47th minute darlow dived to claw round the post ikechi anya’s shot from marco motta’s cross . three minutes later burke should have done better than slice high and wide when found in the area by antonio’s smart pull back from the byline . wilson was sent for an early bath that he can stay in till next season by referee paul tierney on the hour mark . the forest centre-back became embroiled in a row with ighalo and appeared to kick out , sending the watford striker to the floor . the three-match ban for violent conduct will end wilson’s campaign . ighalo manages to stay on his feet under the challenge of nottingham forest centre back hobbs . watford goalkeeper heurelho gomes rolls the ball out at the city ground . despite the deficit , forest struck back 18 minute from time when gary gardner bent an expert free-kick from 25 yards in off the bar . forest rallied further . antonio was guilty of an astonishing miss five minutes from time , skewing wide from six yards after gomes had saved from gardner to leave the net unguarded . two minutes later watford made the win safe . adlene guedioura’s 30-yard screamer was punched out by darlow but collected by abdi , who rifled in to the bottom corner from the edge of the box .