you can now book a london hotel stay by the number of hours you need the room for rather than by the number of nights you intend to stay . while booking hotels by the hour may have a somewhat seedy reputation , one company is allowing businessman and women and those who need a short rest to book well-known london hotels in three-hour blocks . barcelona-based booking platform byhours allows users to organise stays of three , six and 12 hours , and it has already got 25 hotels in the capital on board . you can enjoy the luxury of the academy hotel in london for a three-hour slot with byhours.com . the app allows the user to select their area , and then their time slot , to be then shown a list of available hotels . the company 's objective is to acquire more hotels in london during the next few months , and then start to work in other cities such as berlin and paris . in london , hotels that it has signed up include h10 waterloo , the kingsway hall hotel , yotel heathrow and gatwick , crowne plaza london - the city , academy hotel , and threadneedles , marriott autograph collection . a spokesperson for the company told mailonline travel : ' in total , we work with 1,500 hotels in spain and the uk and we have done more than 150,000 transactions in 2014 , an increase of 150 per cent compared to the previous year . ' we work with hotels with three to five star rating , but 80 per cent of our hotels are four stars hotels . ' we have been focusing on hotels next to airports , train stations , city centers , convention areas and also hospitals , and now , we are scaling the business model in uk , with the same strategy . ' founder of byhours.com christian rodriguez has been so successful in the spanish market he has switched his focus to the uk . the threadneedles marriot could be a nice stopover for 12 hours , enough time for sleep and a shower . the main key of byhours.com is that the platform benefits the customer , but also the hotelier . the customers have the flexibility , and they can book and pay for the time they use the room . but the hotels can sell the rooms more than once a day , and increase the revenue per available room . it 's a totally complementary product , and with byhours.com 's tool , hotels can decide prices , hours of check-in , if they want to re-sell rooms ( depending on their cleaning service ) , or availability for each week . the kingsway hall hotel has signed up to byhours to offer a variation on the one-night stay . the four-star h10 london waterloo is up for grabs to tourists visiting london who require less than a one-night stayover . the platform works real time , and the company have a 24/7 customer service for both the hoteliers and the customers . the founder of the company is 31-year-old christian rodriguez . he is a ' serial entrepreneur ' , he has founded six companies before byhours.com , but this is the first one that is in the travel sector . byhours.com were named as best startup of the year in spain 2012 , best app 2014 , and are one of the 20 best pymes ( little and medium companies ) to work in great place to work .   