it 's been just a few days since andy murray tied the knot to his long term girlfriend kim sears . but already his mother judy is hopefully that he will soon take the next step and start a family . the 55-year-old tennis coach told closer magazine this week : ' i 'm really looking forward to being a granny . i 've always wanted to have grandchildren , but i had to be patient and let them get married first . ' scroll down for video . andy murray 's mother judy has revealed that she ca n't wait for her son to have children with his new wife kim sears . judy went on to reveal that she was n't sure when her 27-year-old son would have children but she knows that he wants them . she said that she will take an active part in their lives and that she ca n't wait to teach them about tennis . judy also said that following her stint on strictly come dancing last year she taught her tennis champion son some basic dance moves . ' i showed andy part of the basic steps for the waltz , as he was going to be best man at his friend 's wedding . so before his own wedding he already knew some steps and was confident about taking to the dance floor . ' andy and kim married this weekend at a service in dunblane cathedral , with the bride wearing a jenny packham dress . the ceremony was followed by a reception at cromlix house , murray 's luxury hotel near dunblane . in a later interview on the bbc 's one show judy spoke about the wedding itself . she said that it was a prouder moment than when andy won wimbledon in 2013 : ' yeah , i think so . i mean it was just such a happy family occasion . ' it was the perfect day from start to finish even despite the hailstones and the snowstorms that we had during the course of the morning . it was lovely , just lovely . ' judy continued : ' it really was a perfect day . it was a very , very happy day and i think everybody was very relaxed and very chilled . ' they 've been together for a long time so to see them getting married with all their friends and family around them , and in dunblane , for me that was very , very special to be able to share it with the people in dunblane who give so much love and support all the time for him . ' they made such a huge effort and so many of them turn out in not great weather and were there for hours . ' andy and kim married at dunblane cathedral with a service led by the rev colin renwick . the british tennis number one sported a blue and green kilt for the occasion while sussex-born sears , 27 , wore an embroidered jenny packham gown with three-quarter-length sleeves and a long veil . among the guests were murray 's brother jamie , divorced parents judy and william , grandparents shirley and roy erskine and former british tennis number one tim henman and his wife lucy . the ceremony was followed by a reception at cromlix house , murray 's luxury hotel near dunblane . judy attended the wedding wearing a smart white dress coat with taupe coloured heels . in a note written to staff at the hotel kim said : ' thank you to graeme and every single one of you at cromlix who worked so hard to make this weekend the best of our lives – a special place filled with very special people ! x ' . andy and kim met at the us open in 2005 when they were both aged 17 , and became engaged in november . they are believed to have asked guests to make a donation to charities rather than buy wedding presents . before the big day andy revealed that he was not nervous about the wedding , but he is nervous about having children . he told bbc sport : ' i am actually not nervous about getting married because we 've been together like nine-and-a-half years and we 've lived together for six or seven years as well . ' so , i do n't think a whole lot 's going to change . i kind of feel like we have been married already in terms of the way we spend our lives together and live together . ' i think i will be more nervous about starting a family because that would be more life-changing , in a good way . '