a chilean artist has been jailed after dyeing a famous hot spring in iceland pink with food colouring . marco evaristti , the south american artist who is based in copenhagen , poured red fruit dye into the strokkur geysir , found around 70 miles to the north east of reykjavik , at dawn . when they boiled , vibrant pink steam blew up from the ground as a result . professing that ' nature belongs to no one ' , he did not seek permission from local authorities before the stunt . he has since been jailed for two weeks after landowners lambasted his efforts as ' vandalism ' . scroll down for video . an artist has been jailed after pouring food dye into the strokkur geysir natural hot spring in iceland , causing its the water to turn bright pink . artist marco evarastti defended his artwork , saying nature belonged to ' no one ' . icelandic authorities jailed the chilean national for 15 days . ' this is not art , ' garðar eiríks­son , a spokesman for the landowners of the geysir area told local news outlet mbl.is . ' i am deeply sorry that a visitor to out country comes up with such an idea . i have very few words to describe my disgust at these actions . ' evaristti defended his artwork , describing himself as a ' landscape painter ' . ' i do what i do be­cause i 'm a painter , a land­scape painter who does­ n't use a can­vas , i paint di­rectly on na­ture . ' i do not ask for per­mis­sion be­cause na­ture be­longs to noone . i be­lieve in free­dom of speech and i believe na­ture does­ n't be­long to cer­tain peo­ple , but to every­one . ' ' i love mother nature . if i love a womn i give her a diamond ring . that 's why i decorate nature , because i love it . ' the artist has carried out the same stunt four times across the world including at a frozen waterfall in norway last year . boasting of the ' installation ' on his website , he wrote : ' the 5th pink state has seen the light of day . ' this morning the utopian state of pink state claimed as it´s new territory the magnificent strokkur geysir in iceland . ' natural wonder : the spring ( pictured in summer months above ) usually lets off white steam and water .  