from the dry , relentless heat of alice springs to the icy cold hills of canberra , a university student will push his body to the limit , running a marathon in each of australia’s eight states and territories to honour the memory of his late , treasured childhood friend . although he had never run a marathon before , callum ryan , 21 , committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between january and september 2015 - covering a total distance of 337.5 kilometres . his ‘ eight great states’ campaign is driven by his passion to make a difference after the loss of his friend , malachy frawley who died from heart disease in 2013 when he was just 14 years old . callum is preparing to battle vastly different weather conditions and diverse terrains as he pounds the pavement right around australia , raising funds for not-for-profit organisation heartkids australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects . callum posing like international running champion usain bolt at the finish line after the canberra times marathon on april 12 , with his little sister josie and brother henrik . callum ryan poses with his treasured friend malachy frawley , who sadly passed away when he was 14 . malachy frawley brought laughter to the world in his short but wonderful life , showing great courage through his lifelong battle with the severe heart condition hypoplastic right heart syndrome . the university of sydney student has committed himself to the incredible endeavour in memory of a malachy , who brought laughter to the world in his short but wonderful life , showing great courage through his lifelong battle with the severe heart condition hypoplastic right heart syndrome . callum is inspired by the incredible strength and resilience malachy displayed as he faced the challenges of a congenital heart disease , which severely affected his mobility . since january , callum has already faced his first three marathons : kicking it all off with a 22 degree race in hobart , sweating through the 28 degree heat in the victoria town of wangaratta and freezing through an icy seven degree start in canberra . with each race , callum has improved on his previous time by at least ten minutes . this comes despite his muscle fatigue with the quick turnaround as he pushes his body to recover and do it all again ! the worst is yet to come , as callum is scheduled to run a marathon in darwin and then summon the strength to run another in perth just 14 days later - and another 21 days after that in sydney . despite malachy being five years callum 's junior , they forged a truly special friendship . ' finished first ! ( out of all the people running to raise money for heartkids obviously ) ' callum joked after he finishing the wangaratta marathon in sweltering , 35 degree heat . eight great states : one man , eight marathons , eight states and territories , nine months , 337.56 kilometres . every step of the way , the memory of malachy is never far from callum 's mind – helping him to find the mental strength to make it to the finish line . ‘ at times during the race i thought “it’d be easier to stop now , no one would think any worse of you because a marathon is a tough thing to try” , ' callum said . ‘ but i set out to do this . as i run , i sometimes think of malachy and the thousands and thousands of other kids in that situation . ' ' while i was running i thought about kids with congenital heart disease and their families . ' callum is conscious of how lucky he is to be healthy and able to complete a marathon . every step of the way , the memory of malachy is never far from callum 's mind – helping him to find the mental strength to make it to the finish line . malachy was the beloved younger brother of niamh , imogen and seamus , growing up in nsw 's nowra . heartkids made incredible changes to malachy 's life ( pictured with his father dom and mother maggie ) . they supplied him with a segway so he could be more mobile and have his own independence . hobart was the perfect location for callum to embark on his first ever marathon - an ideal 22 degrees . ‘ children with chd struggle to walk around in their day to day lives because their bodies are n't equipped . ‘ i had to stick to my challenge because they find that strength every day . ’ ‘ i disappeared into those types of thoughts and the kilometres fell away . ’ ‘ with the personal connection none of it feels like a chore or a risk . ’ he hopes to make people aware of the plight of children with heart disease and the need to support the children and their families . every day in australia , eight babies are born with a heart defect . every week , four precious lives are lost and vital research needs to take place to work out of how to save them . ‘‘i first came across heartkids through malachy . i’d raised money for them before but i wanted to do something significant for heartkids . ’ every day in australia , eight babies are born with a heart defect . every week , four precious lives are lost and vital research needs to take place to work out of how to save them . when malachy ( left ) was in kindergarten the pair were excited to discover callum ( right ) had also been allocated as malachy’s year six buddy – a mentor and friendly face across the playground . callum grew up in nowra in new south wales’ south coast , where he formed a close bond with malachy frawley ( second from left , with his siblings ) , a family friend five years his junior . ‘ the most frightening thing about chd is that there is no cure at the moment . if you’re born with it , then it’s with you for life . lives are sadly cut short by it . ’ callum grew up in nowra in new south wales’ south coast , where he formed a close bond with malachy frawley , a family friend five years his junior . when malachy was in kindergarten the pair were excited to discover callum had also been allocated as malachy’s year six buddy – a mentor and friendly face across the playground . despite malachy being five years his junior , they forged a truly special friendship . ‘ they had a very lovely friendship . they had the chance to get to know each other despite being five years apart , ’ explained malachy’s father , dr dom frawley . ‘ lucky enough for callum and malachy they were paired up and their personalities really gelled . although he had never run a marathon before , callum ryan , 21 , committed himself to the daunting challenge of running eight of them between january and september 2015 . since january , callum has already faced his first three marathons : including sweating through the 28 degree heat in the victoria town of wangaratta ( r ) and freezing through a seven degree start in canberra ( l ) . ‘ malachy looked up to callum a lot as a mentor and callum took that role seriously and invested a lot of time in malachy . ‘ they got the chance to discover they had a lot in common in the way they saw and thought about things , particularly in the way they were so creative . ’ in his fourteen short years , malachy left his mark on the world – creating , daydreaming and making people smile . malachy has been remembered as ‘ an author , film director , comedian , drummer , raconteur and heartkids . ’ he was adored for his ‘ wit and loving nature . ’ malachy was affected by one of the most serious heart conditions , which greatly affected his mobility . although callum will be travelling to many marathons alone during his eight states campaign , he travelled via camry with his great mate nick peters to his third marathon in the act . dom and his family have been greatly touched by callum’s ( third from left ) commitment to making a change in the life of other children . he had needed to rely on others to drive or piggyback up from place to place , until heartkids gifted him with a segway . ‘ the segway completely transformed his life , ’ said his father dom . ‘ he could suddenly get places without having to rely on people to carry him , which was quite a dramatic change from what he’d always been able to do . ’ their boy with a quick wit and limitless imagination now had the freedom of movement and increased independence , able to travel around his neighbourhood and to and from school . ‘ i left the training a bit late before my first marathon , frankly . i felt really nervous before my first marathon , thinking “ have i done enough ? ”’ . dom and his family have been greatly touched by callum’s commitment to making a change in the life of other children . ‘we’re very gratified and we’re touched by it . hopefully it will help a lot of people with the sickness to raise funds and awareness . ‘it’s great for him to have that awareness . callum cares a lot about people . ’ you can donate to callum 's eight great states campaign to help heartkids here . callum is preparing to battle vastly different weather conditions and diverse terrains as he pounds the pavement right around australia , raising funds for not-for-profit organisation heartkids australia - supporting thousands of children living with heart defects .