britain 's aid budget may have to soar by hundreds of millions of pounds a year because of new eu rules , it has emerged . despite the fact that the uk has now met the controversial target to spend 0.7 per cent of national income on overseas aid , changes to brussels accounting rules could bump up the bill even more . official figures released this week reveal that britain met the target last year , spending £11.7billion on foreign aid projects . the uk is now the second largest aid donor in the world . spending on foreign aid is set to increase by an extra £1billion over the next two years because of new eu rules . but new eu accounting rules – to which britain has signed up – are being brought in which change the way national income is measured . the new total includes estimates of parts of the black economy such as prostitution and drug running . it means that gross national income will rise – pushing up the amount that will need to be spent on aid to meet the 0.7 per cent target . one aid expert said it could mean an increase of £500million in the aid budget in 2016 and 2017 . the news that britain’s overseas contributions will swell even further was unpopular with tory backbenchers , many of whom believe it was wrong to spend so much when the defence budget faces cuts . sir gerald howarth , a former tory defence minister , said : ‘ what is the point of this arbitrary figure of spending 0.7 per cent of gdp ? ‘ the idea that if we spend this amount all the world’s problems will end is absurd , or that by providing that magic figure we suddenly become paragons of virtue . ‘ if a change in the formula means the british taxpayer has to contribute yet more in overseas aid ... a lot of people will start questioning the largesse of this country . there are many military figures who just don’t see the logic of putting money into aid instead of defence . ’ the new accounting rules are being phased in and the department for international development said they would only apply from 2016 . britain met the 0.7 per cent aid target thanks to a frantic effort that meant increasing the budget by 30 per cent in one year . a highly critical commons report found that ministers had splurged large amounts in the final months – with few checks – just so they could say they had met the target . and last november an independent report slammed dfid for a failure to tackle corruption in developing countries . late last year , the change to eu accountancy rules landed britain with a huge £1.7billion increase in contributions to brussels . nigel farage ( left ) has called for the foreign aid budget to be cut by up to £10billion . millions of pounds of british aid money could be sent to war-torn eritrea – despite warnings it will be misused by the brutal regime . diplomatic sources say the european commission is drawing up plans for a potential £240million aid package to help stem the tide of asylum seekers heading for the eu . the move would mean a six-fold increase in the level of eu aid to the african state , with britain’s share amounting to around £31million . campaigners say eritrea has one of the worst human rights records in the world , with thousands of political activists locked up and tortured and citizens forced to do military service into their seventies . the move will also raise concerns about the lack of accountability attached to the £1.1billion britain hands to the eu to disperse each year . more than 20 campaign groups and academics have signed an open letter calling for a halt to the aid package until eritrea agrees to comply with a un inquiry . they say the eu may be acting illegally by handing money to the country , which has been ruled by dictator isaias afewerki since 1993 .