the grandson of a notorious new york mobster has become the mayor of a sleepy village . philip gigante , 41 , whose grandfather vincent ' the chin ' gigante was the head of the genovese crime family , was elected into the positions by residents of airmont , which has a population of around 9,000 . the republican real-estate lawyer , who will get $ 25,000 a year for the part time job , hopes his ' achievements and accomplishments ' are what constituents notice , and not his heritage . crime family ties : philip gigante , 41 , whose grandfather vincent ' the chin ' gigante was the head of the genovese crime family , was elected into the positions by residents of airmont , new york . he told the new york post : ' people are free to believe what they wish . ' but people living in the area who know his background disagree . one person who wished to remain anonymous said : 'it’s frightening for not just me but all village residents aware of his background . ' vincent gigante , who had nicknames such as ' the oddfather ' and ' the robe ' , started out as a boxer but then rose in the ranks and became in genovese-family captain in the 1960s and '70s . in 1981 he became head of the family , and in 1992 became one the most influential gangsters in the united states - following the death of members of the gambino family including their leader john gotti . however vincent was forced to step down because of poor health . he maintained a distinctive appearance , wearing a bathrobe and slippers around the streets of new york in a bid to look insane , so he could avoid prosecution - a scheme he later admitted to . ' the oddfather ' vincent maintained a distinctive appearance , wearing a bathrobe and slippers around the streets of new york in a bid to look insane , so he could avoid prosecution - a scheme he later admitted to . he was indicted on federal racketeering charges in 1990 , but was deemed unfit to stand trial . but in 1997 he was finally convicted and given a 12-year sentence . he died in a missouri federal prison at the age of 77 . an article in the rockland county times , published before the election , they said it was the area 's ' worst kept secret ' . the candidate 's background may have been an easy route into negative campaigning from his opponents , but they both avoided it and paid tribute to gigante 's character . thomas gulla , 54 , said : ' he has the interests of the village at heart . whatever his grandfather did for a living is not a reflection on him . ' gigante also runs a freight business set up by his father salvatore , the chin 's son , but insists it is legitimate and has no financial links to the crime gang . he told the post : ' their hard work and years of sacrifice has made it what it is today . i am saddened that people will try and trivialize their efforts and associate our business with anything but lawful and ethical beginnings . ' the republican real-estate lawyer , who will get $ 25,000 a year for the part time job , hopes his ' achievements and accomplishments ' are what people notice , and not his heritage . his grandfather is pictured being taken to prison following his sentencing in 1997 .