a woman who is five months pregnant and was fired from her job at popeyes after an armed robber made off with $ 400 on her shift says she has been offered her job . only marissa holcomb is n't so sure she wants to go back to the fried chicken chain in channelview , texas . the mother-of-three was held at gunpoint on march 31 , however she was fired when she refused to pay back the money that was stolen , with the store saying she should not have allowed so much cash to be in the till at one time . now popeyes have offered to take holcomb back and have offered her $ 2,000 in backpay , since she has been out of work for almost one month . ' i do need a way to support my kids , ' she told khou . ' ( but ) i do n't want to go back to a business where i 'm treated the same and i just get pushed back out if something else happened . ' scroll down for video . welcome back : marissa holcomb - who is five months pregnant with her fourth child - was fired from popeyes after $ 400 was robbed from her till and she refused to pay it back . she has now been offered her job back , but is unsure whether to take it . robbery : a man armed with a handgun and his concealed with a red beanie held up the popeyes in channelview , texas , on march 31 . less than two days later marissa holcomb was fired . hold up : the robber managed to get $ 400 cash from the till , which popeyes said is too much money to have kept in the register . they said it is not the first time holcomb had got in trouble for not clearing the till . holcomb was left shaken by the incident , in which a man armed with a handgun and his face concealed with a red beanie jumped the counter and held the gun to her head , demanding money . holcomb was n't able to access the safes , so the robber made with the cash in the till - totaling $ 400 . her bosses said it was against there policy to have such an amount in the register and gave holcomb an ultimatum - pay it back or lose her job . ' i just had a gun to me . i 'm not paying the money , ' holcomb told khou earlier in the week . ' i do n't think it 's right because now i 'm struggling for my family because what i had to do to keep my life . ' i mean who 's gon na call me ? i 'm five months pregnant . ' the fact that i got robbed at gunpoint and it 's like nobody cares . ' holcomb said she was fired less than two days after the incident . a popeyes spokesman said it was n't the first time holcomb had n't cleared the till . marissa holcomb , who is five months pregnant with her fourth child , was held at up at the fried chicken chain store in channelview on march 31 and then fired because of it . the spokesman said that if holcomb was given the opportunity to pay the money back they were not aware of such a situation . ceo cheryl bachelder then released a statement wednesday evening , saying head office had ' reached out ' to the owner of the channelview store and asked him to ' apologize and rectify ' the situation . holcomb claimed she had done her job properly and that it was an extremely busy night . the chain were offering a popular two piece chicken special for $ 1.19 on the night of the robbery . ' they got what they got because that 's what we made within one hour , ' she said . scene : the robbery occurred at this popeye 's in channelview , texas , east of downtown houston .