there is often a negative stigma attached with being a female who chooses to live alone , especially in sydney 's affluent eastern suburbs . 39-year-old julie sweet has lived alone in clovelly for five years and has never been happier . but while female solo-dwellers are being labelled as sad , lonely and socially isolated , a new study has shown that of these women , the majority have university degrees , reputable careers and healthy social lives . the study conducted by the australian institute of family studies shows that a quarter of australians have opted for solo living and 70 percent of the women are more likely to have a university degree than the men . according to daily life , the affluent suburbs of potts point , rushcutters bay and elizabeth bay make up nearly 60 percent of solo households . this means that the women who live alone in the eastern suburbs are fast becoming more successful than their male counterparts . however , many feel as though they are still judged for their residential choice . 39-year-old julie sweet feels that she is often stigmatised by friends and family . ' i feel that people often judge when you do n't fit into a certain box , ' ms. sweet told daily mail australia . ' i am constantly questioned by extended family and friends of friends on why i continue to live alone . ' ms sweet had lived with close friends for all of her life , and although feels she was spoilt with them , she now resides in clovelly in sydney 's east by herself and has never been happier . she is currently a psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with a degree in psychotherapy and has even returned to university to complete a graduate diploma of forensic mental health . she is currently a psychotherapist for adult survivors of childhood sexual abuse with a degree in psychotherapy and has returned to university to complete a graduate diploma of forensic mental health . ' i genuinely enjoy my own company , ' she said . ' if i was n't happy with what i was doing , i would absolutely change it ... . but i think living alone should be celebrated ! ' other women feel that the generalisation is finally lifting and there is more of a shift in opinion toward those who live alone . 30-year-old lisa hollinshead resides in bondi and was the founder of sydney social blog as well as working as a freelance publicist . ms. hollinshead told daily mail australia that many of her female friends also choose to live alone and this is shifting the stigma . 30-year-old freelance publicist , lisa hollinshead resides in bondi and enjoys her solo living lifestyle . she believes the stigma is shifting and more people are celebrating solo-dwelling as a triumph . ' i think times have changed and it 's a lot different to what it was a decade ago , ' she said . ' it was a pipe dream to live in bondi when i was younger and i 'm really proud of my achievements . ' with ba honours in marketing and media cultural studies , ms. hollinshead is an example of a young woman with significantly higher education then her male counterparts who also live alone . only 25 percent of men who live in a one-person household have attained a university degree .    