britain 's youngest sex swap patient has resorted to working as an escort - to pay for her treatment . rihanna cooper , 21 , from hull , hit the headlines when , at 16 , she became the youngest person in britain to be accepted for gender reassignment . but part way through her treatment , the stress of her transition from male to female became too much and she called a halt to it . scroll down for video . transgender woman rihanna cooper , 21 , is paying for her gender reassignment herself . now , having realised she ca n't go on as a man again and having to pay for her treatment privately , rihanna is working as an escort to fund her dreams . she said : ' working as an escort can be dangerous and frightening . it 's exhausting sometimes too . ' but it 's the only way i have of earning enough money to become a woman . ' her initial treatment , and her subsequent decision to abandon the reassignment programme , sparked huge debate over whether she was too young to be allowed to swap sexes in the first place . but rihanna insists that her decision was the right one - and blames nhs psychiatrists and doctors for clouding her focus . rihanna was born bradley cooper in january 1994 , and grew up with her mum , elaine , 46 , and three sisters , claire , now 29 , katy , 26 , and sophie , 23 . born bradley cooper , rihanna realised she was born in the wrong body and at 16 was accepted for treatment . rihanna says : ' from an early age , i wanted to play with my sisters ' barbie dolls . my mum bought me action men but i was n't interested . ' i used to love watching her put make-up on . i was always stealing her lipstick . ' at school , my friends were all girls and i loved playing netball . ' i knew i had been born in the wrong body and i wanted so desperately to be a girl . ' i was an angry kid , because i was so confused , and though i was never bullied , i got into trouble , and i ended up expelled from school . ' at 15 , she announced that she wanted to become a girl . she says : ' it was hardly a shock . my family had always known . my mum and sisters were very supportive . ' at 16 , rihanna was referred for specialist psychiatric assessments and she began dressing and living as a girl , painting her nails and growing her hair . however rihanna , pictured centre with her mother and sister , said she actually wanted to be a boy part way through her nhs treatment - sparked huge debate over whether she was too young to be allowed . but rihanna blames nhs medics for clouding her focus - and says she does want to be a woman . her story hit the press as she became britain 's youngest sex-swap patient . but she rebelled against the treatment programme . she says : ' i hated the psychiatric treatment . i felt as though i was being made to justify why i wanted to be a girl , like they wanted to catch me out almost . ' i knew i was a girl inside , and to me , it was that simple . ' at 17 , she began a course of hormone injections but stopped the treatment after two suicide attempts . she says : ' the whole thing just got on top of me . i was sick of travelling to my appointments where i felt everyone was trying to catch me out and trip me up . ' i felt so alone , so isolated . i just wanted to be happy . my treatment caused a lot of stress in my family and i just wanted everything to go back to how it was . ' her full transgender op , scheduled for january 2013 , was called off and she returned to living as a young man - but says she soon realised she could not live a lie . she is now saving to pay for gender reassignment privately , using her work as an escort to fund her surgery . she is now saving to pay for gender reassignment privately , using her work as an escort to fund her surgery . rihanna has n't asked the nhs to fund this reassignment , and doubts they would , because she pulled out last time . she also feels the psychiatric assessments were too invasive and the nhs programme was too invasive , so she wants to fund it herself . first on her list is a £4,500 breast enlargement , followed by surgery to remove her male genitalia . rihanna says : ' i 've always wanted to be a girl and that has never changed . i was born in the wrong body . ' my work as an escort is not ideal , but it is virtually impossible for me to get any kind of work , because of the stigma which surrounds transgender people . i see this as my only chance to fulfil my dreams . ' the following is part on an nhs guide . if your child is under 18 and thought to have gender dysphoria , they will usually be referred to a specialist child and adolescent gender identity clinic ( gic ) . currently , the only specialist clinic for young people with gender identity issues is run by the tavistock and portman nhs foundation trust in london , although they occasionally provide satellite clinics in other parts of the country . staff at these clinics can carry out a detailed assessment of your child , to help them determine what support they need . source . 