ufc light heavyweight champion jon jones ran from a crash that hospitalised a pregnant woman - but quickly came back to grab ' a large handful of cash ' from the car , witnesses told police . according to police , the accident occurred in southeastern albuquerque just before noon on sunday local time when the driver of a rented suv jumped a red light . the driver , whom an off-duty officer identified as jones , ran from the scene but then returned for the cash before fleeing again , police said . ' witnesses stated he shoved the cash into his pants and ran north jumping the fence , ' the report said . officers found a pipe with marijuana in the vehicle as well as mma and rental car documents in jones ' name , according to the police report . police were searching for ufc champion jon jones in connection with a hit-and-run accident . albuquerque police were seeking an arrest warrant for jones on monday . they said he would likely face a felony charge of leaving the scene of an accident since the woman broke her arm in the crash . police said in a news release they 'd been unable to reach jones or his lawyer . however , jones handed himself in later the same day , with tmz reporting he was being held at bernalillo county metropolitan detention center . according to the warrant , the pregnant woman told police she was driving when she was hit by a silver buick suv . according to the document , she told authorities after the accident ' i am pregnant and i feel like i am going to pass out . my arm is hurting all the way up and my husband is going to take me to the hospital . ' the woman 's arm is in a sling and she will get a cast on tuesday , the warrant said . according to the warrant , she was planning to undergo a monday ultrasound . the warrant also said the off-duty officer told responding police he could confirm jones ' identity because ' i watch ufc all the time , i know what jon jones looks like . ' an agent for jones , malki kawa , did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment from daily mail online on monday . kawa also did not immediately respond to a message from associated press . jones ( 21-1 ) is scheduled to defend his title against anthony 'rumble'johnson at ufc 187 in las vegas on may 23 , headlining one of the promotion 's biggest shows of the year . police were seeking an arrest warrant for jones on monday , saying he would likely face a felony charge . jones has endured legal problems and questionable behaviour during his time as a ufc champion . ' we are aware that the albuquerque police department is interested in speaking to jon jones regarding his possible involvement in a motor vehicle accident , ' the ufc said in a sunday statement . the message continued : ' we are in the process of gathering facts and will reserve further comment until more information is available . ' although he is widely considered the world 's best pound-for-pound mixed martial artist , jones has endured legal problems and questionable behaviour as champion . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .