patriotic countrymen and women turned out in their finest red and white today to enjoy st george 's day celebrations in the sunshine . veteran parades and morris men were seen across the country , with spectators draped in flags cheering them on . described by the prime minister as ' a day to be celebrate all that makes england great ' , st george 's day takes place on april 23 every year . with temperatures of around 20c in parts of the country , planned outdoor events were able to go forward . among them was the annual nottingham st george 's day parade which attracted around 200 people . joined by trucks and horses , the crowd marched through the city centre from forest recreation ground earlier today . morris dancers kick off the festivities in leadenhall market in the city of london this afternoon as the nation celebrates st george 's day . a baby is dressed in appropriate white with red accessories to match the st george 's cross during the annual parade in nottingham . revellers carry flags on poles and drape their horses in white and red fabric to march through the centre of nottingham in traditional dress . in emsworth in hampshire , members of the 12th regiment royal artillery lead a local st george 's day parade with residents watching on . crowds basked in temperatures of up to 20c in some parts of the country today after a spell of unusually warm weather for this time of year . in emsworth in hampshire a group of veterans led the festivities . the men , who belonged to 12 regiment royal artillery , led a procession through the town centre . their parade was also to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the second world war . in the city of london , morris men brightened up leadenhall market , dancing through the shopping arcade to the amusement of workers on their lunch break . temperatures were slightly warmer across england today than on st george 's day last year , with parts of north yorkshire the warmest at 20.9c . it comes after a week of abnormally warm weather that is set to end tomorrow , said forecasters . ' there is certainly a change on the way , as of tomorrow we 'll see wetter fronts , ' said helen roberts , a met office forecaster . ' the first will be affecting south west england and wales with some rain pushing in through the afternoon on friday . ' a cold front will creep across scotland and will be pretty slow moving . that will reach southern england on sunday bringing some heavy rain at times . ' two women don face masks to take part in the festivities in nottingham this morning . the event was organised by the royal st george society which is 200 years old . crowds wave flags and march in the sunshine in nottingham where more than 200 people attended the annual ' royal parade ' . a man sports a chain mail costume in leadenhall market in the city of london ( left ) while another reveller in nottingham ( right ) opts for a more contemporary get-up . morris dancers in leadenhall market in the city of london put on a colourful display this afternoon to celebrate st george 's day . st mary 's ewell morris men perform to violins as shoppers and city workers take in the festivities at leadenhall market this afternoon . st mary's ewell morris men pose for a photograph after performing at leadenhall market in the city of london this afternoon . two women wear traditional costumed in nottingham to take part in the annual parade . earlier david cameron said the day was a time to ' celebrate all that was great with england ' . a couple take on the part of st george and the dragon to enjoy the festivities in leadenhall market , watching the morris men perform . temperatures will drop from the balmy mid-teens to around 11 or 12c , she added . ' it was much more unsettled this time last year though we saw 18.9c on st george 's day in gravesend in kent . ' we have had above average temperatures for some time though this year so the drop will be a bit of a shock to the system . ' some rain storms on sunday may even bring hail to some parts . earlier politicians chimed in on why they thought st george 's day was important . ' above downing street and all over england , st george 's flags are flying high , ' said david cameron . in emsworth , hampshire , members of the 12th regiment royal artillery take part in the annual parade , with red roses pinned to their jackets . veterans of the 12th regiment royal artillery dusted off their medals to take part in the annual event with their younger comrades today . the event was organised by the lancashire and cumbrian gunniers and was also designed to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the second world war . schoolchildren followed the veterans through the hampshire town to take part in the celebrations with former gunniers showing off their medals . among the england flags being waved were union jacks in nottingham too . politicians spoke of the st george 's significance earlier in the day . a brass band also took part in the parade in emsworth , hampshire , to celebrate st george 's day . it was one of several across the country . in nottingham , left , a pair of parade-goers sported full costume with shields and metal helmets while in emsworth in hampshire ( right ) spectators took a more relaxed approach to the festivities . the parade in nottingham was organised by the royal society of st george , a 200-year-old organisation with branches all over the world . ' because today is a day to celebrate all that makes england great , a day to feel pride for all that our country has given the world - from magna carta to the language of shakespeare , from the industrial revolution to the world wide web . ' a country whose artists and athletes inspire millions and whose influence extends right across the world . ' so today let us all be proud of our country 's great past and confident about our future . ' ukip sparked controversy by claiming george , who is thought to have been of turkish descent , was accepted into britain because he could slay dragons . asked whether a 3rd century ukip politician would have welcomed the saint , the party 's economic spokesman patrick o'flynn joked : ' well , i guess dragon-slaying is a skill but whether it is one that 's in short supply for the needs of the british economy , we will leave to our migration commission . ' whenever the issue of st george 's day comes up - and i can predict this on twitter today - there will be many left-centre people who will tweet the fact that st george was from what 's today known as turkey as if that is the start , finish of conversation and that makes st george 's day irrelevant or illegitimate or ridiculous . ' i completely disagree ... i 'm not particularly hung up on where st george came from . i 'm more interested in what st george 's day can represent . ' in alnwick garden , in northumberland , gardener simon greenwood prunes a cherry blossom in the orchard . the area enjoyed some of the highest temperatures of the day . sammy nicholson , one , admires daffodils in alnwick garden in northumberland on one of the last of the sunny days for a while . in derbyshire this morning clear conditions were seen , with a rogue grouse wandering across the grass-lined road in foolow . a couple watch passing boats at lulworth cove in dorset on another warm day . the weather is set to change over the weekend however with rain and cloud pushing its way over most of the country . hill walkers and geology students take in the view at lulworth cove in dorset on one of the last of the sunny , summer days for a while . three kayakers are dwarfed by the huge man o war rocks at st oswald 's bay in dorset . the uk has been enjoying unusually warm weather . five-year-old edward smith lies in a field of fresh strawberries after spending the day at goodalls strawberry farm in lymington , hampshire . farmer brian goodall holds up his bumper crop of strawberries . the warmer weather meant the fruits ripened earlier this year than usual . light fog was seen over beeley moor in derbyshire this morning on another balmy morning . as of tomorrow temperatures will drop . forecasters warned the weekend weather may be ' a shock to the system ' after a spell of warmer than usual weather . above , a country scene in foolow , derbyshire . a calf poses for a portrait in foolow , derbyshire , this morning . colder temperatures and showers are expected to set in over the weekend .  