napoli all but secured their place in the semi-finals of the europa league after inflicting a devastating defeat on wolfsburg at the volkswagen arena on thursday night . gonzalo higuain and marek hamsik put the visitors firmly in control as rafa benitez 's side struck twice in the opening 45 minutes before the slovakian midfielder added a third after the break . substitute manolo gabbiadini made it four just moments after replacing two-goal hero hamisk from the bench before former arsenal striker nicklas bendtner pulled a goal back for the hosts . manolo gabbiadini heads napoli 4-0 ahead moments after coming on as a second-half substitute . gabbiadini celebrates with team-mate david lopez after giving the visitors a four-goal advantage . marek hamsik celebrates with team-mates after making it 3-0 to napoli in the first leg of the quarter-final . wolfsburg ( 4-2-3-1 ) : benaglio ; vieirinha , naldo , knoche , rodriguez ; guilavogui ( arnold 70 ) , luiz gustavo ; caligiuri , de bruyne , schurrle ( perisic 64 ) ; dost ( bendtner 57 ) . subs not used : grun , klose , trasch , schafer . scorer ( s ) : bendtner 80 . booked : bendtner . manager : dieter hecking . napoli ( 4-2-3-1 ) : andujar ; maggio , albiol , britos , ghoulam ; david lopez , inler ; callejon , hamsik ( gabbiadini 75 ) , mertens ( insigne 60 ) ; higuain ( henrique 86 ) . subs not used : cabral , koulibaly , gargano , jorginho . scorer ( s ) : higuain 15 , hamsik 23 , 64 , gabbiadini 76 . manager : rafa benitez . referee : antonio miguel mateu lahoz . wolfsburg came into the clash having lost just once in their last 26 matches in all competitions , a run that included two victories against italian opposition inter milan in the previous round . and the germans started the game brightly as they looked to impose their slick passing game on napoli , but it was the visitors who opened the scoring . dries mertens checked back on to his right foot from wide on the left and delivered an inch-perfect ball over the top for higuain , who was just onside . the argentine striker brought the ball under control with what looked like a combination of chest and upper arm before firing past diego benaglio with the outside of his right foot - his seventh of the competition . the wolfsburg defenders were rightly aggrieved but their protestations fell on deaf ears as the referee waved away their handball appeals . they could have no complaints seven minutes later , however , as hamsik broke clear of the wolves ' backline to apply a composed finish to a slick , flowing move that ended with higuain 's defence-splitting pass . gonzalo higuain gave napoli the lead with a smart finish via the outside his foot after 15 minutes . slovakian hamsik doubled the italians lead midway through the first half to put them firmly in control . the napoli captain celebrates in front of the travelling supporters after finishing off a fine move . wolfsburg almost halved the deficit on the stroke of half-time . former chelsea forward andre schurrle cut in from the left and struck a rasping drive that needed every inch of mariano andujar 's frame to tip the effort onto the crossbar . some sloppy wolfsburg play allowed hamsik to grab his second on 64 minutes as the tie slipped away from dieter hecking 's side . benaglio played the ball out to josuha guilavogui , who turned and passed the ball straight to jose callejon . the former real madrid midfielder skipped into the penalty are before squaring for hamsik to turn into an empty net as napoli took a firm grip on this last eight tie . higuain wheels away in celebration after opening the scoring at the volkswagen arena . wolfsburg 's players protest to the referee after higuain appeared to bring the ball under control using his arm . former chelsea and liverpool manager rafa benitez issues instructions from the touchline . faouzi ghoulam high fives teammate higuain after removing his shirt and shorts after the match . napoli left back ghoulam leaves the field is his flamboyant underpants after the italian 's convincing win . it was to be the napoli captain 's last meaningful contribution as he was replaced by gabbiadini . the former sampdoria man made it four just a minute later when he headed lorenzo insigne 's perfectly delivered cross past benaglio . wolfsburg had only failed to score in two of their last 26 matches and they had a goal back with 10 minutes left . ivan perisic broke to the byline before crossing for bendtner to tap home . this was already the germans ' heaviest home defeat in european competition but it could have been five moments later as gabbiandini struck the crossbar with a wicked dipping effort from 25 yards .