david cameron ( pictured ) said he knows that when it comes to immigration , ' fears and worries ' remain . let me reassure you , i know that when it comes to immigration , fears and worries remain . they were set out on the front page of this newspaper yesterday . and i want to set out exactly the choice before you on may 7 . i am not one of those politicians who says they ‘get’ how people feel about immigration then speaks differently in private . sitting in the house of commons from 2001 , i had a ringside seat on labour’s complete failure on immigration – and it was infuriating . fake colleges , bogus visas , wide open loopholes , the wrong welfare incentives , sham marriages , an abject failure to deport foreign criminals , migrants bringing family members to britain even if they couldn’t speak a word of english – a litany of failure . underpinning it all was contempt for the views of most british people . we all remember peter mandelson’s boast that labour was practically ‘ sending out search parties’ for migrants . the mess took 13 years to create – and over the past five years we have been working to turn this around . economic migration from outside the eu has been capped at 20,700 skilled professionals a year . we have closed down over 850 of those bogus colleges that were basically visa factories . there are new charges for migrants using the nhs ; there is no social housing unless you’ve been in an area for two years ; and there is no housing benefit full-stop for eu jobseekers . critically , we now have proper exit checks at our borders so we know who is coming in and going out . on top of all this direct action to control immigration , we recognised that the rising immigration numbers weren’t just about lax borders and a system easily abused ; it was about british people not being trained to get into the jobs that were becoming available – or not incentivised to work at all , because of labour’s welfare system . so we have had a huge , unprecedented push on welfare and training , with two million young people starting apprenticeships , and vast numbers getting off welfare and into work . the result of all this ? consider these remarkable two facts . under labour , for years , 90 per cent of job growth was taken up by foreign workers . with the conservatives , two-thirds of our job growth now benefits british citizens . that is a remarkable turnaround . i’m not saying there isn’t a lot more to do . it’s clear that , as our economy has taken off , the bigger issue has become migration from within europe . and while we have not yet reduced net migration down to the tens of thousands each year , it remains the right ambition . so why have many more eu migrants come here ? partly it’s our extraordinary economic success , with britain creating more jobs than 27 other european countries combined . but large numbers have also been drawn here because of incentives in things like tax credits and welfare . these have been a powerful draw to eu workers . scroll down for video . david cameron said under the conservatives , two-thirds of the uk 's job growth now benefits british citizens . that is why , in the manifesto we published last week , we had some very clear and hard-headed proposals . elect a conservative government , and i will start negotiating a new deal with europe straight away . it will involve : no benefits at all for eu jobseekers . if you haven’t got a job within six months , you’ll be required to leave . if you’ve got a job , you will get no in-work benefits until you’ve been here and contributing to our country for at least four years . and no child benefit for children of eu migrants living abroad – ever . this is what i’m seeking . i will fight , negotiate , do all i can to secure a better deal for britain . and then we would put this to the british people in an in-out referendum in 2017 . the capsizing of a boat full of migrants in the mediterranean at the weekend was absolutely shocking . eight hundred people died in the most horrific of circumstances , so it’s also right that britain – not just a compassionate country but a strong one too – does what it can to prevent such scenes from ever happening again . that’s why i went to brussels yesterday to help deliver a response . of course , we need more search and rescue missions – and our royal navy is ready to play its part alongside other navies . we need to hunt down the traffickers who prey on human misery , deal with the boats that bring people across the seas and help foster stable conditions in countries which export so much illegal immigration . only then will we properly get to grips with this situation – building confidence at home that people can’t come here illegally ; and helping people abroad life safe and secure lives . all of this is a serious , grown-up plan for reducing immigration long-term . and it is based on some straightforward values . immigration should be about welcoming those who can contribute to our country ; who want to come to britain , pay their way , make a life here , and abide by british values . this is our approach . and this presents you with a clear choice on immigration on may 7 . there can only be one prime minister in number ten , only one person ultimately responsible for controlling immigration : me , or ed miliband . do you honestly think ed miliband cares about controlling immigration ? no . he was there the last time , remember , when net immigration increased five-fold . his arrogant refusal even to discuss numbers – let alone speak about any reduction – tells you all you need to know . but the facts of this election have changed – and it’s even worse . the only way ed miliband can get into downing street is if he is propped up by the snp – and they have made clear that they want higher levels of immigration . it’s clear : ed miliband in downing street would increase immigration , not reduce it . and if you’re someone considering voting ukip because you want a referendum on europe and controlled immigration , remember that a vote for ukip makes it harder for conservatives to win – and much more likely for ed miliband and the snp to get into government . then you will get no referendum , and a return to uncontrolled immigration . so this is the choice . if i am prime minister after may 7 i will see through this serious , sustained attempt to control immigration long-term . i will get britain a better deal in europe – and i will give the british people the final say in an in-out referendum . if you want those things , there’s only one way to get them : vote conservative on may 7 .