for a self-professed champion of women 's rights , espn sports reporter britt mchenry has a funny way of showing it . the 28-year-old has been suspended from the network for a week after being caught on camera telling a parking lot attendant she should ' lose some weight , baby girl ' , adding ' i 'm on television and you 're in a f -- -ing trailer , honey ' . but according to her blog , the former model is dedicated to helping women feel ' comfortable in their own skin ' . in a self-aggrandizing rant , mchenry tells her readers she is ' taking a stand ' against ' sexist ' commercials that focus on ' appearance alone ' . it is an almost unrecognizable tone from the one she took on april 6 , when she raged at towing company clerk gina michelle : ' just being here makes my skin crawl ... maybe if i was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' scroll down for video . women 's rights champion ? britt mchenry encourages her blog readers to ' be the woman with a voice , not the sex-ed up body without one ' . she said she posted this selfie as an example of female empowerment . pious : just eight days before her outburst , mchenry lectured her facebook followers on the impact of words . vicious : espn sports reporter britt mchenry has been suspended for one week and could face further punishment after video surfaced of her berating an advanced towing employee in arlington , virginia . glamorous : originally from new jersey , mchenry is a sideline reporter for espn based in washington d.c. pictured is gina michelle , the clerk abused by mchenry and told she needed to lose some weight . mchenry uses her blog post to lament the pressure put on women to appear a certain way . she describes a cheeseburger advert that features an almost naked woman , writing : ' when so many females fight for gender equality in pay and opportunity–still to this day in 2015–an advertisement like that only sets women back generations . ' ' women , ' she pontificates , ' can be comfortable in their own skin ... be the woman with a voice , not the sex-ed up body without one . ' regaling her own life story , mchenry tells readers : ' even at 18 , and yes as a model once , i never fathomed resting on appearance alone . ' in a pre-instagram era , i was more worried about putting my nose in a book rather than flaunting it ( and other female assets ) in a portfolio book . ' if a champion sportswear ad helped pay for my student loans , great . but , i wanted to be an attractive and intelligent woman . ' she closes with a rallying cry against the cheeseburger ad that inspired her diatribe : ' put the burger down during the big game 's party and pick up some chips and salsa . it will be my silent act of solidarity . ' it seems her activism waned as she came face-to-face with mother-of-three gina michelle at the advanced towing company after her car was removed from the parking lot of a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia . the verbal attack on april 6 was captured on a security camera as she paid to pick the vehicle up at the tow lot office . 'i’m in the news , sweetheart , i will f -- -- -g sue this place , ' mchenry can he heard saying in the video . the parking attendant can be heard in the video warning mchenry she is being filmed and threatens to ' play your video ' . mchenry seems unfussed , responding : 'that’s why i have a degree and you do n't - i would n't work in a scumbag place like this . ' makes my skin crawl even being here . ' the parking attendant patiently replies : ' well lets get you out of here quickly . ' mchenry then fires back : ' yep , that 's all you care about - taking people 's money… with no education , no skill set . just wanted to clarify that . ' after a few more comments , including telling the woman she does n't have a brain , mchenry delivers her biggest sting . ' maybe if i was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? ' she says . ' cos i 'm on television and you 're in a f -- -- -g trailer , honey . ' finally , before walking away , mchenry says : ' lose some weight , baby girl . ' caught red-faced : incredibly , mchenry was warned that she was being filmed at the start of her ugly rant , however continued to insult the woman 's looks , education and job on-camera . unhappy customer : britt mchenry leaving the towing company and flipping a finger to the cameras . she 's outta there : espn immediately responded by suspending mchenry , but only for one week . the towing company told tmz ' she was in the wrong ' but insists there are no hard feelings towards mchenry . in a statement emailed to dailymail.com , a spokesman said : ' parking enforcement is contentious by nature . ' at the same time , neither gina , our lot clerk , nor our company , have any interest in seeing britt mchenry suspended or terminated as a result of her comments . ' ms mchenry is our neighbor , and , as she said , to paraphrase , made remarks that were out of line . she is human and errors in judgement can be made in the heat of the moment . ' gina is a single mother of 3 children who works a difficult job to provide her family . gina holds no ill will toward ms mchenry . ' as a small business , we saw no benefit to releasing the video , except to highlight personal attacks employees in jobs like towing , public parking enforcement and others sometimes encounter . the video was not licensed or sold to anyone . ' there is now a petition to have mchenry fired from her role in washington , d.c. , slamming the sportscaster as ' derogatory , classist and body-shaming . ' the change.org petition reads : ' currently mchenry is serving a mere 1-week suspension for her outburst . ' by retaining britt mchenry as a prominent public figure of sports media , espn inc. and other networks effectively send a loud public message condoning this type of cruel behavior . ' the comments captured in the video represent an unacceptable attitude of hatred for lower-income americans and individuals whose features do not match traditional beauty standards . ' britt mchenry lost her credibility as a professional journalist when she shamelessly broadcasted this hatred both to the victim in the video and to a global audience of thousands who now bear witness to it . ' continuing to support britt mchenry directly threatens not only her potential future victims , but also the integrity of espn , the field of american sports media , and journalism as a whole . as the video , obtained by live leak , spread online , espn , which is owned by disney , was forced to react . a spokesman confirmed mchenry had been suspended for one week . it is unclear whether a more serious punishment will be handed down . disney has so far refused dailymail.com 's request for a comment . mchenry , who appears impeccably groomed on camera , berated michelle for her appearance and her job . the apology : mchenry offered up this note as the video of her awful attack spread online thursday . the backlash : twitter users mocked mchenry 's arrogance and emphasis on appearance . a petition has been launched to see mchenry removed from the network following her outburst . hundreds of people have reacted to the incident on twitter as espn refuses to comment further . right after the incident took place , mchenry took her twitter account to rant about how adanced towing is ' corrupt ' . she has since deleted the tweet . on thursday , she turned to social media again to apologize for her actions , saying it was an ' intense and stressful moment ' for her . she posted online : ' in an intense and stressful moment , i allowed my emotions to get the best of me and said some insulting and regrettable things . as frustrated as i was , i should always choose to be respectful and take the high road . i am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake . ' however , her apology has done little to quell the tirade of fury , and the following day weight discrimination groups began speaking out against mchenry . ' it was extremely sad , ' james zervios , vice president of marketing and communications for the obesity action coalition , told the new york daily news . ' this is not something that should be socially acceptable . ' it shows that weight bias is something that’s very common in our society . ' according to the big lead , mchenry was eating hunan chinese restaurant on wilson boulevard in arlington when her car was towed . advanced towing has been berated in the past with users complaining of double charges and unfair car removals . the firm has an f rating on the better business bureau site . 