forget helicopters and bmws , could the ultimate symbol of wealth be clothes made from gold ? on a catwalk show which took place in xi'an , the capital city of north-western china 's shaanxi province , models strutted their stuff in items made from the precious metal . including underwear and a chain-mail style shirt which it has been revealed would be worth around £40,000 . and this was no lightweight affair either . on a catwalk in xi'an in china models strutted their stuff in gold underwear , it is thought the look is influenced by royal women in history . the shirt alone worn by the male model weighed in at 7lbs and the matching bra and underwear for the female model also came in at 7lbs . the idea for real gold clothing takes its inspiration from royal women in history , including cleopatra , marie antoinette and tsarina alexandra who all reportedly had gold clothing . the organisers of the event said that it took 30 craftsmen three months to make the gold shirt and the women 's clothing which is also worth around £40,000 . fashion photographer manchu peng , 30 , who attended event said : ' there were some good designs there but the gold clothing items really stole the show . ' it took 30 craftsmen three month to make this shirt which is mean out of real gold and has a chain-mail style . the model showed off his shirt as on-lookers checked out how the design was made . the idea came after a chinese designer unveiled an extraordinary set of underwear made entirely of gold last year . the items however were produced as a work of art and not intended for sale . they were modelled by an unnamed woman who was joined by two other models - both of whom posed with glittering gold accessories , including necklaces , a shoe and a rabbit at a store in china . these two women proudly showed off their gold underwear , the items are not for sale but are said to be worth around £40,000 . this gold underwear set has an intricate design with the model wearing a pair of white pants underneath it to protect her modesty . and prior to that a turkish jeweller unveiled a series glamorous gold dresses - each worth a staggering £85,000 . artisan ahmet atakan , based in izmir , a city in turkey , crafted each frock out of a total of 78,000 pieces of the expensive metal to form a mesh-like fabric . despite the eye-watering price tag of 300 thousand turkish liras ( about £84,800 ) , eight of the unique gowns have already been sold .