a man charged with first-degree murder in the killing of three muslim college students in durham , north carolina , can face a death penalty trial , a judge ruled on monday . superior court judge orlando hudson jr. said prosecutors had two aggravating factors and that craig stephen hicks is ' death penalty qualified . ' hicks is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the february 10 killings of 23-year-old deah shaddy barakat ; his wife , 21-year-old yusor mohammad abu-salha ; and her sister , 19-year-old razan mohammad abu-salha . scroll down for video . a superior court judge in north carolina ruled on monday that craig hicks is ' death penalty qualified ' after he was charged with first-degree murder in the killing of three muslim college students . prosecutors said hicks confessed and was arrested with the murder weapon . ballistics matched the handgun to shell casings recovered at the apartment and there was gunshot residue on his hands and one of the victim 's blood was on his pants , prosecutors said . police say hicks , 46 , appears to have been motivated by a long-running dispute over parking spaces at the chapel hill condominium complex where he lived in the same building as barakat and his wife . the victims ' families are adamant that they were targeted because they were muslims and have pushed for hate-crime charges . the fbi is conducting what it has called a ' parallel preliminary inquiry ' to the homicide investigation to determine whether any federal laws were violated , including hate crime statutes . search warrants filed by chapel hill police said barakat was shot in the head near the entrance to his condo . the two women were found in or near the kitchen . murdered : deah shaddy barakat , a dental student at the university of north carolina ; ( left ) his wife , 21-year-old yusor mohammad abu-salha ( center ) and her sister , 19-year-old rezan ( right ) were gunned down on february 10 . eight spent shell casings were found at the crime scene , investigators said . earlier search warrants listed a dozen firearms recovered from the condo unit hicks shared with his wife , in addition to the handgun he had with him when he turned himself in after the shootings . hicks , who was unemployed and studying to become a paralegal , posted online that he was an atheist and a staunch advocate of the second amendment right to bear arms . neighbors described him as an angry man who had frequent confrontations over parking or loud music , sometimes with a gun holstered at his hip . his social media posts often discussed firearms , including a photo posted of a .38-caliber revolver . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .