a bolt of lightning has been spotted soaring from the top of a cloud before looping back on itself and striking the ground in australia . the image was captured over jaibru in australia by an off-duty emergency services officer who dubbed the phenomenon ' looping lightning ' . upwards lightning is possible , but is very rare - with current estimates suggesting less than one per cent of lightning strikes travelling in an ‘upwards’ direction . and storm chaser dan robinson believes ' looped lightning ' is simply a trick of perspective , based on where the viewer is stood , meaning it appears to rise and loop even though it is not . this image was captured over jaibru in australia by emergency services officer scott murray , who dubbed the phenomenon looping lightning ' . upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than 1 % of lightning travels in an ‘upwards’ direction . but storm chaser dan robinson said ' looped ' lighting may instead be a trick of perspective , based on where a viewer is stood , meaning it appears to loop when it 's not . the ' looping lightning ' image was taken by scott murray and the bolt appears to shot out and up from the cloud before curving towards the earth . typically lightning is seen from a distance , or from the side , and it is rare to capture an image almost directly beneath a bolt . as a result , this can skew its perspective . in particular , if the bolt is travelling straight at the viewer - so they are almost looking up the length of the bolt - it can make it appear as if it is curving because of its forked nature . there have been examples of lightning appearing to make complete circular loops , but this is also a trick of the eye . lightning is caused by the build up of electrostatic charge in clouds . as they develop , air acts as an insulator between the positive and negative charges in the cloud , and between the cloud and the ground . upwards lightning is normally caused by a preceding flash moving from the cloud to earth , and involves a bolt moving from the ground to the clouds . the preceding flash causes an electrical field change , which allows an upward positive leader to originate from a tall object like a building or wind turbine . during winter snow storms , it is possible for tall objects to initiate upwards lightning without preceding flashes . upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than one per cent of lightning travels in an ‘upwards’ direction . it is typically classified into three groups . the smallest are starters , which extend up to a altitude of 12 to 19 miles ( 20 to 30km ) . next are jets , which extend 25 to 31 miles ( 40 to 50km ) , and the last are gigantic jets , which reach 44 to 56 miles ( 70 to 90km ) . positive charge builds up in one area of the cloud , while negative charges build up in the other - typically the top and bottom of the cloud respectively . if this build up of charge reaches a certain level , the insulating capacity of the air breaks causing the negative charges to escape or ' leap ' from the cloud either onto another another cloud - known as sheet lightning - or to the ground . as negative charges gather in the bottom of a cloud , the negative charges in the ground are forced from the surface , leaving it positive . when a so-called ' streamer ' of negative charges leaps from the bottom of the cloud , it is therefore attracted to the ground , which in turn emits a streamer of positive charges from the ground up . in particular , the negative ' stepped leaders ' fork downwards looking for the best conductive path to earth , with the least resistance . this is why these stepped leaders typically travel straight down from the cloud . as the streams connect it causes electrons to jump , or ' return the stroke ' , and an electrical current begins flowing , which creates lightning . this flash temporarily equalises the charged regions , until the opposite charges build up again . lightning can occur between opposite charges within the thunderstorm cloud , known as intra-cloud lightning , or between opposite charges in the cloud and on the ground , referred to as cloud-to-ground lightning . and there are roughly five to 10 times as many cloud flashes as there are cloud-to-ground flashes . within these strikes are two types of ground flashes known as natural and triggered . the latter includes strikes to very tall structures , planes , rockets and towers and goes from the ground up to the cloud . natural lightning is cloud to ground . upwards lightning is normally caused by a preceding flash moving from the cloud to earth , and involves a bolt moving from the ground to the clouds . the preceding flash causes an electrical field change , which allows an upward positive leader to originate from a tall object . upwards lightning is very rare - estimates suggest less than one per cent of lightning travels in an ‘upwards’ direction - and it is typically classified into three groups , based on peak altitude . the smallest are starters , which extend up to a maximum altitude of 12 to 19 miles ( 20 to 30km ) . next are jets , which extend 25 to 31 miles ( 40 to 50km ) , and the last are gigantic jets , which reach 44 to 56 miles ( 70 to 90km ) . lightning is caused by a build up of electrostatic charges . as they develop , air acts as an insulator between the positive and negative charges in the cloud , and between the cloud and the ground . if this build up reaches a certain level , the insulating capacity of the air breaks . the negative charge ' leaps ' from the cloud either onto another another cloud - known as sheet lightning - or to the ground ( pictured ) . when a so-called ' streamer ' of negative charges leaps from the bottom of the cloud , it is attracted to the ground , which in turn emits a streamer of positive charges from the ground up . in particular , the negative ' stepped leaders ' fork downwards looking for the best conductive path to earth , with the least resistance . this is why these stepped leaders typically travel straight down from the cloud ( pictured ) . however , the upward movement of the lightning in mr murray 's image does n't appear to extend as high as other forms of upward lightning , and storm chaser dan robinson suggests an alternative . he explained : ' sometimes a lightning channel will have the illusion of ' looping back ' on itself or having bright knots in it . the reason behind this phenomenon is quite simple . ' lightning is three-dimensional - it ' zigs ' and ' zags ' in all directions . as the streams connect , it causes electrons to jump , or ' return the stroke ' , and an electrical current begins flowing , which creates lightning . this flash temporarily equalises the charged regions , until the opposite charges build up again . upwards lightning is normally caused by a preceding flash moving from the cloud to earth , and involves a bolt moving from the ground to the clouds . upward lightning is typically classified into three groups . starters extend up to an altitude of 19 miles ( 30km ) , jets extend to 31 miles ( 50km ) , and the gigantic jets reach up to 56 miles ( 90km ) . the upward movement in mr murray 's image does n't appear to extend this high , however , and storm chaser dan robinson said if part of a bolt is coming straight at you , it will appear to loop back on itself even when it 's not . ' most of the time you 'll view a lightning channel from the side and it 'll appear to travel in one general direction only . ' however , if that lightning bolt - or part of the lightning bolt - is coming straight at you , that is , you are looking at it from one end . it will appear to loop back on itself , sometimes even appearing go back upwards . ' the bright knots in a lightning channel you sometimes see in lightning photographs are the result of the same phenomenon - they are just smaller , tighter ' loops ' . it appears brighter because there is more than one section of lightning channel ' overlapping ' in the camera 's frame . ' the met office 's lightning expert sven-erik enno told mailonline : ' on the particular photo it seems that the upper part of the channel may be pointed towards the observer . ' in such perspective the upward movement of the horizontal channel may be more amplified - the approaching horizontal channel seems to rise higher in the sky as approaching plane seems to rise higher above the horizon although its real altitude does not change . ' the map above shows the average yearly counts of lightning flashes per square kilometer from 1995 to 2013 . areas with the fewest number of flashes each year are grey and purple ; areas with the largest number of lightning flashes - as many as 150 per year per square kilometer ( 0.4 square miles ) - are bright pink . the democratic republic of congo was found to have the most over the period .  