listening to the beatles could help to enhance the enjoyment of a fish and chip supper , psychologists have found . research suggests that certain types of music can bring out specific flavours - including sweet , salty and bitter - in a range of foods . the intensity of nessun dorma , performed by luciano pavarotti , is said to be the perfect accompaniment to dark mouse or coffee . meanwhile , the high-pitched piano in billie holiday 's autumn in new york can help emphasise the autumnal flavour of a pumpkin pudding . listening to the right sort of music , including the beatles ( pictured ) can enhance flavours in certain food and drink , researchers have found . in the ultraviolent restaurant in shanghai , fish and chips ( pictured ) are served up to a backdrop of the beatles . in ultraviolent restaurant in shanghai , fish and chips are served up to a backdrop of the beatles , while in el celler de can roca in girona , spain , scented meringue comes with a commentary describing barcelona footballer lionel messi in action , a clip which apparently brings out the citrus flavours in the dessert . the so-called digital seasoning also applies to wine , helping drinkers to enjoy their tipple by up to 15 per cent more , if served alongside the right music . researchers found people enjoyed their wine more while listening to ' paired ' music , rather than while being sat in silence . tchaikovsky 's string quartet no 1 in d major particularly compliments chateau margaux 2004 , while mozart 's flute quartet in d major should be played while drinking puilly-fume . professor charles spence , a behavioral psychologist from oxford university , told the observer 's neil tweedle that taste is not as dominant as we might think in judging a meal and that our ears might subconsciously talk to our tastebuds . he said : ' music can not create taste or flavours that are not there in your mouth , but it can draw attention to certain notes in a wine or food that are competing in your mind ... it 's kind of digital seasoning . ' the deep tones of luciano pavarotti ( pictured left ) singing nessun dorma can enhance the bitterness in coffee and the intensity in a chocolate mousse ( pictured right ) . mr spence added that humans tend to match the same sounds to the same tastes . he described sourness as 'high-pitched ' , meaning it should be played alongside music of the same quality . he also said sweetness is associated with richer sounds , while bitterness is linked to deeper tones . he believes the sound associated with salty - which he has not yet pinned down - would be enhanced by a throbbing type of sound . ' bitter , sweet , sour - we have those , ' says professor charles spence , ' but salty is the hardest taste to embody in sound . ' to carry out his research , mr spence gives people two pieces of identical chocolate and asks them to each eat one while listening to a different piece of classical music . while the more sombre music is played , people generally describe the chocolate as more bitter . when they described the chocolate as ' sweet ' , it generally when the more upbeat piece was being played , he said . heston blumenthal , who runs the fat duck in bray , berkshire , is among restaurateurs who have sought the professor 's advice . mr spence said that , as well as music , colour and even the weight of cutlery are factors which can combine to make a dining experience more enjoyable . ambient lighting was found to have a positive effect on a person 's enjoyment , with red light bringing out the fruitiness in red wine .   