curiosity rover has discovered strange , multi-coloured veins on mars that could give astronomers new insights into the red planet 's watery past . the mineral veins were found at a site called ' garden city ' on the slopes of mount sharp and stick up from the rock by up to 6cm ( 2.5 inches ) . scientists believe the bizarre network of ridges formed in mars ' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded , much softer bedrock . this march 18 , view from the mast camera on the curiosity rover shows a network of two-tone mineral veins . scientists believe the bizarre formed in mars ' wet past billions of years ago above the now eroded bedrock . the ridges contain both bright and dark material . while curiosity has found brightly coloured veins before , the darker ones remain have stumped scientists . ' some of them look like ice-cream sandwiches : dark on both edges and white in the middle , ' said linda kah , a curiosity science-team member at the university of tennessee , knoxville . ' these materials tell us about secondary fluids that were transported through the region after the host rock formed . ' veins such as these form where fluids move through cracked rock and leave minerals in the fractures , often affecting the chemistry of the rock surrounding the fractures . this view from the mars hand lens imager on the arm of curiosity rover is a close-up of a two-tone mineral vein at a site called ' garden city ' on lower mount sharp . it was taken during night , illuminated by leds . kah said , ' at least two secondary fluids have left evidence here . ' we want to understand the chemistry of the different fluids that were here and the sequence of events . how have later fluids affected the host rock ? ' some of the sequence is known : mud that formed lake-bed mudstones must have dried and hardened before the fractures formed . the dark material that lines the fracture walls reflects an earlier episode of fluid flow than the white , calcium-sulphate-rich veins do - although both flows occurred after the cracks formed . in total , what is now the planet 's arid northern plains would have contained at least 12.4 million cubic miles ( 20 million cubic km ) of water . thanks to missions like nasa 's curiosity rover , we know mars once had water - but until now we did n't know how much . scientists have provided the best estimates yet , claiming it once had more water than the arctic ocean - and the planet kept these oceans for more than 1.5 billion years . the findings suggest there was ample time and water for life on mars to thrive , but over the last 3.7 billion years the red planet has lost 87 per cent of its water - leaving it barren and dry . the study by scientists at nasa 's goddard space flight center in greenbelt , maryland , is the first to determine just how much water mars had in its past . during its wet noachian period - 4.1 to 3.7 billion years ago - it is estimated that it had enough water to cover the entire surface in a liquid layer 450 feet ( 137 metres ) deep . however , it 's likely that most of the water formed an ocean that occupied the northern hemisphere of mars , which would have been as deep as one mile ( 1.6km ) in places - comparable to the mediterranean sea on earth . the research estimates that , in total , what is now the planet 's arid northern plains would have contained at least 12.4 million cubic miles ( 20 million cubic kilometres ) of water . curiosity has been studying rocky areas since landing on the martian surface in 2012 . garden city is about 39 feet ( 12 meters ) higher than the bottom edge of the ' pahrump hills ' outcrop of the bedrock forming the basal layer of mount sharp , at the center of mars ' gale crater . ' we investigated pahrump hills the way a field geologist would , looking over the whole outcrop first to choose the best samples to collect , and it paid off , ' said david blake of nasa 's ames research center . analysis is still in its early stages , but the three drilled samples from pahrump hills have clear differences in mineral ingredients . it seems that the two-toned minerals were created from two distinctive wet periods on the planet . curiosity is now exploring different layers of mount sharp in the hope of finding more clues to the red planet 's history .