michael schumacher 's son has returned to the racing circuit just weeks after he was involved in a 100mph crash - and once again ended up going off the track . mick schumacher made his pre-season test debut in formula 4 at the oschersleben circuit in germany - but at one point was pictured accidentally driving through gravel . the 16-year-old , whose father won the formula 1 championship seven times , reached the new category after seven years of karting in what is seen as a stepping stone for junior drivers hoping to reach the top . scroll down for video . mick schumacher was pictured accidentally turning into gravel by the side of the track during a pre-season test debut in formula 4 . the 16-year-old , son of seven-time f1 world champion michael , accidentally went off the track during a training session . back in action : the protege was back on the circuit just weeks after a 100mph crash at the lausitzring speedway in brandenburg , eastern germany . the young protege was racing through the lausitzring speedway in brandenburg , eastern germany in march when he skidded out of control and onto gravel . he was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when the incident unfolded - but the crash was minor and he walked away from the accident uninjured . the teenager stepped up his pre-season training as he drove his amersfoort car - but was pictured accidentally turning his vehicle across gravel by the side of the track . his father , who is still recovering from a december 2013 ski accident at his home in switzerland , has won a record seven 91 races in formula 1 . the rookie 's boss frits van amersfoort says the youngster will need time . need for speed : mick schumacher ( pictured ) is looking to follow in the footsteps of his father michael . mick schumacher made his official formula 4 pre-season test debut with van amersfoort on wednesday . schumacher will need time to make his way as a driver , according to team manager frits van amersfoort . mick schumacher ( pictured ) was travelling at speeds of up to 100mph when he crashed last month - but the accidenty was minor and he walked away uninjured . mick schumacher is pictured centre walking through the pits during his pre-season test session . ' of course we know that his father is a seven time world champion , ' he said . ' but i want to emphasise that mick will take the time to learn the trade of the racing driver . ' the teen finished second in the world , european and german kart championships last season and signed a contract with van amersfoort racing to drive in the formula 4 in march . his father emerged from his induced coma in june last year , and left hospital in september . he has since started to recognise family members , according to someone claiming to be a family friend . mick 's father michael ( pictured ) has won a record seven 91 races in formula 1 and is considered a motor racing legend . future star ? mick schumacher finished second in the world , european and german kart championships last season . mick shumacher 's father , michael , is still recovering from a december 2013 ski accident at his home in switzerland . on track : the 16-year-old began karting seven years ago and this year reached the german formula 4 . philippe streiff , a former formula 1 driver , told french media schumacher ' has yet to recover the power of speech ' but is ' nevertheless starting to recognise those close to him ' . however , schumacher 's manager has disputed the comments , saying the 46-year-old faces a ' long fight ' for recovery and that streiff is not a family friend . ' we need a long time , ' sabine kehm said . ' he is making progress appropriate to the severity of the situation . mick schumacher ( right ) stands next to his formula four car during a media day at the oschersleben circuit in east germany . mick schumacher has reached german formula 4 - a racing category used as a stepping stone by junior drivers . the rookie 's boss frits van amersfoort says mick schumacher ( pictured ) will need time to ' learn the trade of the racing driver ' . there was a mass of media attention as mick schumacher ( pictured ) raced his black car around a circuit in his homeland .  