bayern munich moved a step closer to a third straight bundesliga title thanks to a 3-0 win over eintracht frankfurt . robert lewandowski boosted his own chances of winning the golden boot award at the end of his first season with bayern , and a second in a row after finishing the league 's top-scorer with borussia dortmund last season , by netting two goals in a commanding victory for pep guardiola 's men . bayern also had a goal disallowed and they struck the woodwork before thomas muller added a third , with few doubts from start to finish that they would pick up all three points once again . robert lewandowski fires bayern munich ahead against eintracht frankfurt on saturday afternoon . lewandowski flies through the air in celebration after scoring the opener during saturday 's bundesliga clash . the poland international punches the air with delight maintained their advantage at the top of the table . lewandowski bundles the ball past frankfurt goalkeeper kevin trapp to double bayern 's advantage . lewandowski is congratulated by his bayern munich team-mates after scoring his second goal of the match . it was downhill all the way for bayern after lewandowski gave them the lead after only 15 minutes . thomas muller put him in position to shoot , but it took a sweet , unstoppable volley to beat kevin trapp into the top left-hand corner . lewandowski could have had a second goal 10 minutes later , but trapp reacted well to deny him . bayern had the ball in the back of the net again shortly before half-time , but after consultation with his linesman , the referee ruled out muller 's effort for offside , even though the ball came to him from an opponent . bayern were again close to a second on the hour mark when mario gotze struck the left-hand post , with the ball rebounding out to safety . the hosts did not have long to wait for their second , though , with gotze 's shot blocked by makoto hasebe , but the ball fell kindly for lewandowski to tuck in for his 16th goal of the season . he is now just three behind eintracht frankfurt 's alexander meier . lewandoski did not complete his hat-trick , but there was a third in the match for bayern with muller netting from a tight angle in the 82nd minute , setting the bavarians up in style for their champions league quarter-final with porto in midweek . frontman thomas muller celebrates after scoring bayern munich 's third goal with eight minutes to go . bayern munich defender juan bernat attempts to rob the ball from frankfurt midfielder stefan aigner . bayern munich goalkeeper pepe reina makes a save during the clash and went on to keep a clean sheet .