the will of princess diana is among 41 million available to order at the click of a button . diana’s final wishes for the disposal of her £21.4 million estate are among a vast archive of wills dating back to 1858 now available to view online . those of winston churchill and george orwell can also be seen . in her will , diana’s butler paul burrell was bequeathed the sum of £50,000 , free of inheritance tax . scroll down for video . the will of princess diana is among 41 million available to order at the click of a button thanks to a new service . possessions including paintings and a clock were distributed among her 17 godchildren , while the rest went to her sons william and harry . qadir ahmed runs the secure iron mountain facility in a leafy suburb of birmingham where row upon row of the documents are kept in temperature-controlled storage , under tight security . he said the wills are a fascinating snapshot into the personalities and characters of people from every walk of life . for some , having a copy of a will is a matter of sentimentality , whereas others - particularly in the case of celebrities - are ordered out of ' pure curiosity ' , he said . ' we have 41 million in storage and there are so many fascinating and emotional stories , ' said mr ahmed . one such is that of the late paul hunter , the champion snooker player , who died of cancer in 2006 aged just 27 . paul burrell was given £50,000 by diana when she died . the yorkshireman fathered a daughter who , at the time he penned his will , was not yet born but she is remembered in the passages of his will , as mr ahmed describes . ' there are some really touching stories inside these files - people like paul hunter , who in his will says ' to my unborn child , i leave ... ' and that is genuinely touching . ' he believed at the time he was writing this will , that he would n't survive the birth of his child . ' ' you feel the emotion of that moment , through reading the record . ' the first disbursement of diana 's will reads : ' i bequeath to my butler paul burrell the sum of £50,000 , free of inheritance tax . ' it also provides for specified keepsakes including watercolour paintings and a carriage clock to be distributed among her 17 godchildren , while to princes william and harry she left everything else . in the event of her death she makes express provision the prince of wales ' will consult with my mother [ frances shand kydd ] with regard to the upbringing , education and welfare of our children ' . she also makes clear her wish to be buried . mr ahmed said the new system , which has been in place since the end of last year , means people no longer have to order wills by post , or by heading to their local registry office . ' a lot of the public are not aware these are public records , ' he said . ' once someone goes through probate , that 's it . it 's a simple process , through the gov.uk website . ' you can pay a small fee of £10 and order a record of anyone who 's gone through probate , searching by the person 's name and year of death . ' among the other celebrity wills , are those of wartime prime minister winston churchill , creator of winnie the pooh aa milne and george orwell - under his real name eric blair - who penned 1984 . data centre manager qadir ahmed inspects one of the more than 41 million public wills held in secure storage at the iron mountain facility in birmingham . churchill , who died in 1965 , left an estate worth £266,054 which he asked to be divided between his wife and children . he gave his country home chartwell , in kent , to the national trust to be a museum after his death . as well as other bequests of cash to his wife , children , family and friends , he also left money to his employees , including £100 for his gardener . his son-in-law , arthur christopher john soames , was given ' such of my brood mares , followers and fillies ' from churchill 's stable , but with the caveat his choices were `` not exceeding three in number , nor £7,500 in total value ' . also stored away is the will of wartime code-breaker alan turing , recently played in hollywood movie the imitation game by benedict cumberbatch . turing 's brief final testament directs his possessions be left to close friends and his mother . meanwhile , orwell - listed under his birth name blair - left instructions ' no biography be written ' and ' no memorial service be held for me after my death ' .