shocking footage has been released by police of a brawl involving more than 70 teenagers , after a ' facebook ' party in brisbane 's south spiraled out of control on tuesday night . the violent conflict was captured by queensland police helicopter , and shows the a small scuffle escalate into an all-in fight as more teenagers , who had gathered at the serbian community centre in willawong , join in the fray . police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight . footage has emerged of a violent brawl between more than 70 teenagers outside a party in brisbane . ' there were a lot of kids coming through and we wanted to call the police early because there were too many people coming in , ' dario music , vice-president of the community centre , told brisbane times . the centre had originally been informed that approximately 30 people were attending an 18th birthday party of a woman who was not a part of the local serbian community . ' me and treasurer went and spoke to her and said , ' is this a birthday party or a facebook party ? , ' mr music said . ' she said , ' no , we are just having a bit of fun ' , then about 40 or 50 people walked out in the car park and started punching on . there were bottles thrown and yelling and screaming . initially there were about 40 or 50 then everyone else jumped in . ' mr music said that rubbish , including broken bottles and shoes , was left in the car park , and that the incident had put an end to the serbian community centre being hired out for events . the violent conflict was captured by queensland police helicopter , polair . police were called to disperse over 200 teenagers just before 10pm after members of the community centre unsuccessfully tried to break up the fight . police said that upon arrival , about 70 teenagers were involved in the violent brawl , and shut the event down without further disturbance . neighbours said that ' hordes of people ' were directed by police out of the area , reported the courier mail . police were called to attend to related incidents nearby on king road later in the evening . four people have been arrested over the incident , including a 20-year-old goodna man who was charged with public nuisance , obstructing police and possession of tainted property . the centre had originally been informed that approximately 30 people were attending an 18th birthday party . four people have been arrested over the incident , including a 20-year-old man , an 18-year-old woman and two teenager girls aged 15 and 16 . he is scheduled to appear before the richlands magistrates court on june 9 . an 18-year-old annerley woman was issued with a notice to appear in relation to obstructing police and contravening a direction . she is due to appear in the richlands magistrates court today . two 16 and 15-year-old girls will be dealt with under the provisions of the youth justice act in relation to offences of public nuisance and obstructing police . anyone with information which could assist with this matter should contact crime stoppers anonymously on 1800 333 000 or via their website . 