newcastle united had more than £34million sitting in the bank at the end of the last financial year , the club 's full accounts have revealed . the club announced record profits last month of £18.7million for the 2013/14 season , but the full accounts registered with companies house on monday show that £38.6million was transferred into newcastle 's bank account as a cash-flow sum - paying off a £4.5million overdraft and leaving £34.1million available . the revelation has infuriated newcastle fans who claim owner mike ashley has little ambition beyond remaining in the top flight and benefiting from the lucrative premier league tv deals . mike ashley pictured previously at stamford bridge as newcastle united faced chelsea in january . newcastle had more than £34m in the bank at the end of the last financial year , the club 's accounts reveal . a protest , backed by the newcastle united supporters ' trust , is planned for sunday with fans being urged to boycott the home match against tottenham . the protest comes with the magpies having lost their last five premier league matches , including a painful 1-0 defeat at north-east rivals sunderland . mark jensen , editor of online newcastle fanzine themag.co.uk , said : ' the accounts show that all this cash was generated and the question a lot of fans would ask ( is ) why was a significant portion of that not spent on team strengthening ? ' the idea of a boycott has been building for a long time and you ca n't blame the fans , and i 'm all in favour of it . it 's a starting point where fans may feel empowered and make their feelings known . ' the frustrating thing for them is the money is there but the club wo n't spend it . ' newcastle united are a club that should be in the top eight every season - that 's the size of the club with the support base it has and the benefit of being a city with one club . john carver has taken over as manager of the north east club but is struggling to get them in form . the struggling premier league club announced record profits last month of £18.7m for the 2013/14 season . ' we are going to fall well short of that this season and that equals failure in lots of fans ' eyes . ' it seems that every transfer window the squad keeps weakening . people talk about newcastle being a well-run business - that may be so in the short term but in the long term we have a squad which needs massive investment . ' the accounts say owner ashley still has £129million in interest-free loans outstanding but the money in the bank means the club 's net debt is down to £94.8million . the accounts also reveal that £29.8million was spent on signings after june 30 , with £12.6million coming in player sales - mainly from mathieu debuchy 's move to arsenal . the reported income from player sales does not appear to cover the january departures of mapou yanga-mbiwa and davide santon , whose sales brought in around a further £8million . newcastle 's salary bill rose to £78.3million from £61.7million , a 27 per cent increase , but that was more than covered by the increase in income from the new premier league television deal and sponsorship income - the ratio of wages to turnover dropped from 64 per cent to 60 per cent . the accounts reveal £29.8m was spent on signings after june 30 , with £12.6m coming in player sales - mainly from mathieu debuchy 's move to arsenal ( pictured ) .