the son of a labour councillor who was detained in turkey after apparently trying to sneak into syria with eight family members was seen grinning as he began his journey back to britain . waheed ahmed , 21 , who is the son of rochdale politician shakil ahmed , was arrested with eight relatives – including four children – in a remote turkish border town earlier this month . however , it is understood he is now returning to the uk and will fly from dalaman into manchester airport later this evening . scroll down for video . all smiles : waheed ahmed looks relaxed as he begins his journey back to the uk after being caught trying to sneak into syria with eight family members . on the way home : the 21-year-old , sporting a shaved head , was filmed being escorted from a vehicle . sky news reported that the remaining eight members of his family will remain in turkey until tuesday . the majority of the family flew to turkey on march 27 from manchester airport and are accused of having plans to try and sneak across the border into syria . waheed did not fly out with his family but joined them three days later on a flight from birmingham . mohammed shafiq , a friend of waheed 's father , said there were concerns about his behaviour in the months leading up to his arrest . he told sky news : ' there were concerns in the last six months to a year about a change in his behaviour . ' and a change in his attitude towards various different issues . ' that was causing concern for people in the community and his family . ' earlier this month , waheed 's father spoke of his shock after being told that his son is suspected of being a militant islamist . he said : ' all i know is that they were on holiday and then the next thing i am told is that they have been arrested . ' mr ahmed was with his aunt , two cousins and one of their wives when they were stopped in turkey , near the syrian border . waheed ahmed , the 21-year-old son of labour councillor shakil ahmed , is understood to be returning to the uk on a flight to manchester from dalaman tonight following his arrest for allegedly trying to sneak into syria . waheed ahmed , 21 , is the son of rochdale labour councillor shakil ahmed ( pictured above with ed miliband ) . the nine britons , who include three men , two women and four children aged between one and 11 , were seized in hatay province , in southern turkey . it shares a border with part of syria controlled by rebel factions including those linked to al qaeda and isis . all of those held are from rochdale and are the biggest family group caught attempting to enter the unstable territory . counter terrorism officers at greater manchester police began an investigation into their movements and the extended family group were detained at a checkpoint in ogulpinar earlier this month . a senior officer questioned why anyone would take children so young ' and vulnerable ' into a warzone . the three men and two women , aged between 21 and 47 , were taken to a hospital with their children , aged one , three , eight and 11 . waheed ( pictured ) was detained in turkey alongside his aunt , two cousins and one of his cousin 's wives . the nine britons - four of them children – were seized by turkish security forces as they tried to slip into syria . officials said they would be photographed and fingerprinted before being deported back to the uk . at the time , photographs showed waheed , dressed in traditional robes and wearing heavy boots , leading the group from a minibus into a police station . several women , all wearing headscarfs which covered their faces , could be seen carrying children . most of the party were wearing walking boots , perfect for trekking across the rugged region . shakil ahmed , a bakery delivery driver , is a councillor in kingsway and served alongside karen danczuk , wife of rochdale mp simon daczuk , until her resignation in january . speaking as he delivered election campaign leaflets earlier this month , he said he recognised his son in online newspaper reports of his arrest . he said the others arrested included waheed 's aunt , zadia bi , 50 , and two of her sons and one of their wives . he said : ' i do n't know why they have been arrested . we have no information . until they ring we will not know what has happened . ' he said that he had seen his son 's photograph and when asked about one picture of his son laughing , he replied : ' well , they went on holiday so they should n't be crying on holiday should they ? ' he added : ' i do n't believe my son was on his way to join islamic state . i was shocked , worried and extremely upset to hear that my son has been arrested . during their arrest , the family were fingerprinted and taken to a police station where they have been held since . one of the family members , holding a child , is seen arriving at a turkish hospital to undergo medical checks . the family are pictured arriving at a police station in turkey 's southern hatay province earlier this month . ' it 's a total mystery to me why he 's there , as i was under the impression he was on a work placement in birmingham . ' my son is a good muslim and his loyalties belong to britain . if i thought for a second that he was in danger of being radicalised , i would have reported him to the authorities . ' the councillor added : ' he 's studying a degree in politics and sociology at manchester university and has a good future ahead of him . i just want to speak to my son and get him home as soon as possible . ' waheed apparently called his devastated father to break the news he had been arrested . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .