a young mum who was crippled after she dived 40 feet off appley bridge quarry in wigan has described how her children inspired her fight back to health . natalie prescott , 26 , was not expected to survive after she dived into a quarry in a dare-devil stunt which went horribly wrong . her family was warned she was unlikely to pull through and that if she did , she would almost certainly lose her legs . mum-of-three natalie prescott , 26 , with harley , 5 , ( left ) , 19 month old scarlett , and saskia , 7 , ( right ) , nearly lost her legs after leaping off appley bridge quarry , near wigan , back in 2012 . through perseverance , she is finally on the way to recovery – and says her children are her inspiration . but after learning that a teenage boy tragically drowned in the same quarry on friday , natalie is campaigning to have the area closed off to the public . mother-of-three natalie , from wigan , said : ' this tragedy brought it all back to me . i almost died there too – and i want all young people to learn from my stupidity - please stay away from lakes and rivers because tomb-stoning can kill you . ' but in a way , i 'm glad it happened to me , because it taught me what 's important in life . all that matters to me now are my three lovely children . ' after the incident , it was revealed that her ankles were pulverised and her knee cap was smashed . she had several operations during a three-month hospital stay , including metal plating in her ankle . the accident , in june 2012 , happened at appley bridge quarry , wigan , near the farm owned by natalie 's mother , susan . susan was later to see the air ambulance over her farm – unaware it was carrying her own daughter . natalie , who is mother to saskia , 7 , harley , 5 , and 19 month old scarlett , says : ' i hooked up with some old friends and on a sunny afternoon we went for a day out to a beauty spot , where rocks overhang a disused quarry . ' my mum lived nearby and she was looking after my two children whilst i went out with my friends . ' we were daring each other to jump in the water , and even though i knew it was stupid , i went along with it . i had never done anything like that before . ' i just fancied doing something crazy . i was n't thinking about my children , i was thinking about myself . ' as natalie jumped , her nerves got the better of her and she hesitated . she smashed against an overhanging cliff , before hitting the water . after the accident , although the doctors managed to save her legs , she was unable to walk or stand , and had to learn all over again . at the time of the accident in 2012 , the 26-year-old had two children , saskia , now 7 , and harley , now 5 . she says : ' as i hit the water , i saw a large gaping hole in my knee . i had no pain but i was shaking and in shock . ' natalie 's friends dragged her onto the banking and gave her mouth to mouth resuscitation as she began to struggle with her breathing . unconscious , she was flown to hospital by a mountain rescue team and placed in icu . natalie says : ' my mum and my children saw the air ambulance land near their farm , and they watched it – unaware that it was me who was injured . ' her family was at first warned she might not survive – and were then told she would lose both of her legs . natalie says : ' my memories of those first days in hospital were very hazy . ' i was in so much pain and my legs were just a mush . my knee cap was smashed and my ankles were pulverised . ' in august 2013 , natalie gave birth to her third child , scarlett , now 19 months . the mum-of-three has stated that her children have been her inspiration for recovering from the horrific incident . before and after : natalie finally took her first steps one year after the accident , and then gave birth to her new baby , scarlett in august 2013 . she had several operations during a three month hospital stay , including surgery to fit metal plating in her ankle and an artificial knee joint . though doctors managed to save her legs , she was left unable to walk or stand . she was transferred to rehab , where she began to learn to walk again . natalie said : ' it was a very low point for me . i felt so guilty that i had put my family through so much pain and worry . ' every time my children visited me in hospital , they would cry and beg me to come home . ' my son , harley , said to me : ' get out of that big pram mummy and start walking again . ' ' it was very painful and so frustrating , but i just had to work hard , every day , to get myself well again . ' natalie finally took her first steps one year after the accident . and in august 2013 , she gave birth to a new baby , scarlett . natalie says : ' scarlett 's birth really inspired me to get back on my feet . i had to get better , because i had a new baby to look after . ' i feel like i 'm back to being a mummy again ' : although natalie still has a limp and is n't able to ride horses , she can look after her children better . 26-year-old natalie is now better able to care for her children , including saskia , now 7 , and younger brother harley , now 5 . she has vowed to start a petition to have the area closed to public after hearing of the drowning of teenager miracle godson . ' i was determined to look after her on my own because i 've needed so much help with my older children . ' i feel like i 'm back to being a mummy again , and that is such a precious role and one i wo n't take for granted ever again . ' i wo n't ever be back to how i was ; i have a limp and i ca n't walk far . i wo n't ever be able to ride horses again . ' but in a way , i 'm grateful for the accident . ' it made me grow up and appreciate what is important in life . ' when i heard that the young boy had drowned in the same spot it sickened me , and i now i 'm going to do everything i can to get the area closed off . ' i 'm starting a petition because i want people to listen to me before another life is lost . '