it is seen as extremely rude in most human societies , but it appears apes also use whispers to pass on information they do not want others to hear . gibbons - better known for their deafening songs that reverberate around the forests they inhabit - have been found to regularly use the secretive form of communication . the apes , which are found in the forest of south east asia , produce a variety of soft call types , known as ' hoos ' , that are almost inaudible to the human ear . scroll down for video . lars gibbons like this one in khao yai national park thailand use soft ' hoo ' calls that are similar to whispers . yet scientists have found the animals use these whispers to communicate specific information to each other about predators , foraging and when meeting neighbours . the researchers found that predator ' hoos ' in particular were produced at frequencies well below the threshold of hearing for eagles and other birds of prey . a dictionary that decodes the calls produced by gibbons is being developed by scientists . researchers at wisconsin university in madison have been using computer algorithms to analyse the whoops and songs produced by the apes . gibbons singing usually consists of a crescendo of notes , particularly in response to predators . this usually starts with a series of soft ' hoo ' noises that are only audible at close range but this rapidly grows to become much louder . in most studied cases these songs are produced in response to predators but they also duet together in social song . this suggests the quiet calls were designed to alert other gibbons nearby without alerting the raptors . similarly biologists studying lar gibbons found they used a different whisper call to when a tiger or leopard was in the area . dr esther clarke , who led the research at the university of durham , said the findings could also help to provide valuable clues about human speech evolved and perhaps even why humans began using whispers . she told mail online : ' ( hoo calls ) have been overlooked in favour of the more conspicuous songs . ' we just did n't know they were using context-specific calls at close range . ' it opens up the possibility that their vocal repertoire is much larger than we previously imagined . ' she added : ' these animals are extraordinarily vocal creatures and give us the rare opportunity to study the evolution of complex vocal communication in a non-human primate . ' in the future , gibbon vocalisations may reveal much about the processes that shape vocal communication , and because they are an ape species , they may be one of our best hopes at tracing the evolution of human communication . ' gibbons have one of the loudest calls in the natural world , creating whoops that can travel for miles through the dense forests where they live . most research until now has concentrated on their loud songs which the animals use to communicate with each other over long distances . however , dr clarke and her team , whose work is published in the journal bmc evolutionary biology , decided to focus on the softer hoo call types . while these calls have been known about since the 1940s , they have not been studied in detail due to their low volume and because they are almost indistinguishable to the human ear . lar gibbons used hoo calls to warn each other of predators but also during more intimate moments like this . the researchers used models like of this snake to test whether certain hoo calls were specific to predators . different hoo calls appeared to be related to the activity the gibbons were taking part in like foraging ( above ) . using modern recording technology and computer analysis , dr clarke and her colleagues have been able to detect subtle differences in frequency , pitch , length and volume of these calls . they recorded 450 hoo sounds and found there were six different types of calls being produced by the gibbons . the researchers have been able to identify which of these calls are associated with particular situations . the researchers spent almost four months following lar gibbons around the forests of mo singto in khao yai national park , north east thailand recording their calls and behaviour . they found that the gibbons produced individual hoo calls in different situations , including when they were foraging , when they encountered neighbours , during duet songs between paired mates and when they detected predators . this model of a bird of prey produced short , low frequency and extremely quiet calls from the gibbons . this model of a leopard also produced low frequency and quiet calls from the gibbons when they spotted it . the researchers used a series of models of predators to test whether the calls were associated with specific predators . they found raptor hoos were less intense , shorter , lower pitch and had a small frequency span . they were the least audible of the calls . raptors hear best in the 1-4khz range while the gibbon hoos were consistently below the 1khz threshold . tiger and leopard hoos were similar , suggesting that callers perceived these two predators as belonging to the same ‘ big cat’ class . while both gibbon sexes displayed similar hoo calls , female calls were lower in frequency than male ones . the researchers say this is surprising , as among mammals , males tend to have lower frequency voices than females . females also typically did not produce hoo vocalisations when encountering neighbours and often remained passive . this video shows a white handed gibbon singing the more distinctive and audible calls while in a zoo enclosure . males , however , often interacted with neighbouring individuals . the gibbons also seemed to use whispering during more intimate moments - much like humans do too . writing in the journal bmc evolutionary biology , dr clarke and her colleagues said : ' duet hoos tended to be higher in frequency than the other contexts , significantly so when compared with feeding , leopard , tiger and raptor hoos and raptor and tiger hoos . ' the researchers say the study is of direct relevance for the on-going debate about the evolution of human speech . researchers say the findings could shed light on the evolution of human speech and why we began whispering . the ability to produce calls that are context-specific is necessary for communication to direct the attention of others . this behaviour appears to be widespread and was likely present in the ancestor of modern primates and humans . the acoustic variation seen in gibbon hoos in particular may be similar to human speech , in which subtle acoustic parameters , like pitch , can be important carriers of meaning . chimpanzees bash out distinctive drum solos on the roots of trees as a form of ' signature ' and to tell others in their group where they are . biologists studying the primates have found over the years that male chimps grip the buttresses of tree roots with their hands and beat them with their feet . the noises produced - which is normally accompanied with loud hooting - are known as pant calls , and can be heard more than half a mile ( 1km ) away , even in the dense jungle . but now one group of scientists studying the animal in the sonso community in the budongo forest in uganda , have found that this drumming contains distinctive rhythmic patterns that can be used to identify a specific individual . each male used a different number of beats and used a style of doublets and pauses that was distinct to them . the researchers also discovered that the chimps tended to use drumming far more often when their group was travelling . they believe this may help keeps tabs on an individual 's whereabouts .