crowds who turned out for the anzac day memorial service at sydney’s martin place have been left fuming after the ivy nightclub played loud dance music during the minute’s silence . a contractor doing a sound check inside the exclusive club is believed to have been responsible for turning the music on . many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club interrupting the minute’s silence on at least five occasions . the club , on george street in sydney’s cbd , is close to the martin place war memorial . father arron cutugno said he was ' disgusted ' by the choice to play music during the minutes silence . arron cutugno , who was taking his young daughter to her first anzac day ceremony , described the decision to play music while the minute’s silence was being observed as ‘disgusting’ . ‘ really enjoyed the service , everything was great until ivy decided to start playing music three quarters of the way through the minute of silence , ’ he told channel nine . ‘ i can tell you there were at least a thousand people who looked straight up and were disgusted by it . '' others have taken to social media to voice their furore , with a flurry of messages on twitter taking the restaurant to task over the incident . a spokesperson for merivale , which runs the ivy , said the company was ' mortified and deeply upset ' by the incident and offered unreserved apologies for the disturbance . ' as a measure of respect , we worked with police to close ivy at 2am , one and a half hours earlier than normal , to reduce noise and crowding around the venue when people arrived at the dawn service , ' the group said . a spokesperson for merivale , which runs the ivy , said the company was ' deeply upset ' by the incident . many of those in the record crowd of 30,000 took to twitter to express their anger at the club . merivale announced the contractor responsible for the incident was ' immediately terminated this morning ' . the spokesperson said all merivale staff and management had left the venue by 4am . however , a third party contractor entered ivy afterwards and conducted ' unauthorised sound testing ' for an event taking place later today . ' he behaved in a terribly insensitive and completely unacceptable , thoughtless way , ' the spokesperson said . ' that contractor was immediately terminated this morning . '