with the premier league season entering its final stretch , focus is now turning to the summer transfer window . many clubs will be looking to snap up a bargain free transfer and there are plenty to choose from . here are best players who are currently set to leave their premier league clubs on a free in june . manchester city 's tenacious , creative and versatile midfielder james milner could leave as a free agent . goalkeeper - gerhard tremmel ( swansea ) . at 36 years old , he is no spring chicken , but tremmel could prove a useful acquisition for a newly-promoted side . tremmel has played second fiddle to michel vorm and then lukasz fabianski during his four years at swansea , but has performed well when called upon in the cup competitions and was in goal when the swans beat bradford in the capital one cup final two years ago . swansea 's gerhard tremmel , 36 , is the understudy for lukasz fabianski but has done well in the cups . right-back - glen johnson ( liverpool ) . england 's first-choice right-back at the world cup is still a regular for liverpool , but he looks almost certain to end his six-year spell at anfield this summer . johnson , who has 54 england caps , is on a bumper deal at the merseyside club and there seems to be little appetite to keep him on the books . england 's first-choice right-back at the world cup looks set to leave liverpool after six years this summer . centre-back - kolo toure ( liverpool ) . another regular at liverpool who is still to extend his contract . toure kept cristiano ronaldo quiet with an excellent display when real madrid came to anfield in november , but the 34-year-old ivorian lacks consistency and has made some terrible gaffes in his time at the club . inconsistency has been kolo toure 's curse - the 34-year-old ivorian has produced some howlers at liverpool . centre-back - ron vlaar ( aston villa ) . vlaar performed so well at the world cup that his omission from the team of the tournament raised a few eyebrows , especially when thiago silva was selected ahead of him . injury has restricted the dutchman to 16 appearances for villa this season . at 30 , he has at least a couple of years left in him yet and will surely be courted by other top-flight teams . holland 's ron vlaar was a surprise omission from the team of the world cup but could leave aston villa . left-back - luke garbutt ( everton ) . everton have been doing everything they can to tie this promising young defender down to a new deal , but he is yet to put pen to paper . the 21-year-old has played nine times for everton this year and faces a big battle to displace leighton baines so he may fancy a challenge elsewhere . everton want to lock the talented 21-year-old luke garbutt down for the long term but he 's yet to commit . right wing - james milner ( manchester city ) . probably the most high-profile free agent available this summer , milner has 15 years ' worth of top-flight experience to his name and 53 england caps . milner is both tenacious and creative , either in the centre of midfield or out wide , and he is still a year off his 30th birthday . milner has 15 years in top flight experience , 53 england caps and still is n't 30 , so a great buy for someone . central midfield - mikel arteta ( arsenal ) . named arsenal captain last summer , but arteta has not played for the gunners since november due to injury . hard to see him displacing the in-form francis coquelin on his return . may be 33 , but still has a good eye for a pass and is also a free-kick specialist . mikel arteta has n't played for arsenal since november due to injury and will need to displace francis coquelin . central midfield - tom cleverley ( manchester united ) . named captain for a tour match against roma last summer , cleverley clearly thought he had a future under new united manager louis van gaal . ' i think i 'm going to be his type of player , ' he said . but alas , that did not prove to be the case . the 25-year-old was farmed out on loan to aston villa , where he has played 30 times . he is not wanted back at united . villa and everton are keen to sign the england international . unwanted by manchester united , aston villa and everton want to sign england international tom cleverley . left wing - jonas gutierrez ( newcastle ) . bravely battled back from testicular cancer to return to the newcastle squad last month , but is no longer wanted by his club . will be 32 in the summer , but still a good operator and would prove an inspirational figure to younger players around him . testicular cancer survivor jonas gutierrez will be an important figure somewhere , even if it is n't newcastle . striker - danny ings ( burnley ) . one of a number of young english strikers pushing for national selection after scoring nine goals for burnley this season . rumoured to be of interest to manchester united and their neighbours city , as well as david moyes ' real sociedad . manchester united and city are said to be interested in burnley 's dangerous striker danny ings . striker - james wilson ( manchester united ) . promoted to the first-team squad last summer following a fairytale debut under ryan giggs against hull . the 19-year-old has played 16 times under van gaal , but has struggled to get on the bench recently and despite rumours of a new deal being close , the united academy product is yet to agree terms . james wilson , 19 , has played 16 times under louis van gaal but is now struggling to get on the bench .