a brewery has seen a spike in sales following a bizarre twitter spat with teetotal politician george galloway . a brewery has seen a spike in sales following a bizarre twitter spat with teetotal politician george galloway . matthew halliday , the owner of the bradford brewing company , said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery 's brewfactory bar in the wake of the online row . the spat started after the respect party parliamentary candidate for bradford west seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was ' still a thing ' . mr galloway , who does n't drink , responded to the beer makers , saying : ' what does that mean ? and as a licensed premises in my constituency really be writing that ? ' the brewer carefully reminded the politician that he was no longer the mp for the area after parliament was dissolved last monday . galloway hit back , saying : ' well then , i shall return to this matter after the election . you have been most unwise . ' mr halliday , 29 , said : ' we have seen a bit boost in customers because of this . almost everyone who came in yesterday did so because of twitter . ' ' it was a cheeky tweet that i sent while i walked past his office early in the morning that just seemed to have escalated . we are now completely blocked and anyone connected to us has been blocked . ' i only asked him because he is the only candidate standing here that has n't been into the pub to say hello . ' but after this argument i do n't think we will be seeing team galloway in here anytime soon . ' the spat started after the respect party parliamentary candidate for bradford west seemed to take offence after the brewing firm asked him if he was ' still a thing ? ' matthew halliday , 29 , the owner of the bradford brewing company , said throngs of people have turned up at the brewery 's brewfactory bar ( pictured ) in the wake of the online row . mr halliday said that the spat has even sparked inspiration for a new brew that the firm plans to name after the fiery scot . he said : ' we are planning to bring out a galloway soon . i do n't want to say too much as it is top secret right now , but all i can say is it is weak , bitter and has a frothy head . ' the brewery also said that they would put forward a candidate at the next general election if mr galloway retains his seat on may 7 . a spokesman for mr galloway did n't wish to comment on the story and simply said : ' it certainly has put bradford brewery on the map . '