my son is ahead of me , his kayak skimming across the slate blue water . a fish jumps . a battalion of cormorants lands on a tree . i pull up my paddle and the air settles around me , as serene as the lake . then james comes shooting across , spraying me with water as he turns on his paddle . ‘there’s a great beach over there . let’s swim . ’ james is nearly 16 , and i’m painfully aware that my years of holidaying with him are coming to a close . my last choices all ended in teenage snits . then a friend suggested a back-to-nature break in poland . unknown : wigry national park , in north-east poland , is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes . our destination is wigry national park , in the north-east of the country , close to the lithuanian border . it is the furthest outreach of the masurian lakes ( poland’s lake district ) , and the most sparsely populated . our base is an unassuming but pristine hotel right on the wigry lakeshore . the national park snuggles around it , a mass of primeval forest and waterways that are home to otter and beaver , wolf and elk . the area is unspoiled , but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoorsy pursuits . the hotel rents mountain bikes and nordic walking poles , and you could cycle or hike for days around the well-marked trails . come and discover : the area is unspoiled , but it is also exceedingly well set-up for outdoor pursuits . or you can take to the water . whichever way you turn , there is another beach , another jetty , another twisting corner of wigry — the name means ‘winding’ — and it has the longest and most meandering shoreline of all of poland’s lakes . the food is solid , verging on stolid , big piles of comfort stacked high and priced low — a lightweight £3 a plate . we need the calories , with the amount of exercise we are notching up . we cycle through the forest , keeping a hopeful eye out for wildlife . but we are too noisy , what with our clanking gears and my muffled grunts as i hit yet another tree root . a holiday of an old-fashioned kind : jane found a refreshing simplicity to this pretty corner of poland . it is all so wholesome that , as we sit by another pristine lake , watching the sun dip down , i find myself singing old campfire songs as james takes another swim . the place has somehow transported me back to my own teens , to a time when holidays did not need to be sophisticated . ‘ you know what ? i’ve loved this holiday , ’ says james , as we sit for the last time on the hotel jetty , sharing a bar of chocolate and watching the stars . i can’t argue . ‘ me too , ’ i tell him . a wealth of water and wow factor : jane chose the region for an active holiday with her teenage son . ryanair ( 0871 246 0000 , www.ryanair.com ) flies from stansted to kaunas from £49 return . double rooms at the hotel nad wigrami , gawrych ruda ( 0048 87 563 59 59 , www.hotelnadwigrami.pl ) cost from £50 per night b & b . mountain bikes and kayaks can be hired . for more on wigry national park , visit www.wigry.win.pl . 