baylee almon should be gearing up for her first legal drink on saturday . probably at college , probably able to drive , she should be toasting the next phase of her life with her mother , stepfather , brother , sister and cousins at home in leafy choctaw , oklahoma . but no , she was one of 19 toddlers killed in a daycare center on april 19 , 1995 , in the worst case of homegrown terrorism america has ever seen , the day after her first birthday . the oklahoma city bombing , planted by veteran us army soldier timothy mcveigh , killed 168 american people . one photograph encapsulated the terror : a firefighter emerging from the burning wreckage cradling the lifeless body of baylee almon . her 23-year-old single mother saw the picture on the front page of the local paper the next day . a day later , it had swept the world . two decades on , the shock is still raw . one photograph encapsulated the terror : a firefighter , chris fields , emerging from the burning wreckage cradling the lifeless body of baylee almon . ' it does n't get easier ' : aren almon-kok , pictured at the memorial for her daughter baylee , who was killed in the oklahoma city bombing of 1995 the day after her first birthday . then a 23-year-old single mother , aren saw the picture of her lifeless daughter on the front page of the local paper the next day . a day later it was on the cover of newspapers across the world . painful : aren said she learns to deal with the grief but the milestones get more difficult every year . baylee ( pictured ) had just turned one when aren dropped her off at a daycare center before going to work . remembering : aren and her family throw a party for baylee on her birthday every year . horrific : aren describes how she searched for hours for baylee until eventually , in st anthony 's hospital , she was approached by a priest and a pediatrician who delivered the devastating news . ' it gets harder every year , ' aren almon-kok told dailymail.com from her home on the outskirts of oklahoma city , where she lives with her husband and two children . ' people say `` it’ll get easier '' or `` you’ll find closure '' . i don’t think it does , and i don’t think i will . ' i had to see baylee dead every day . no one should ever have to see that . ' you learn to deal with it differently , but every year the milestones are worse . ’sixteen was hard . twenty-one is the worst . everything i missed , everything i didn’t get to be part of . i’m trying not to think about it . ’ as the 20-year anniversary approaches , many still feel betrayed and bemused by the attackers , who branded themselves patriots . unlike dzokhar tsarnaev and the 9/11 hijackers , timothy mcveigh had fought for his country in the gulf war . parking a rented ryder truck loaded with explosives outside the alfred p murrah building that morning was his way of attacking the ' tyrannical ' federal government . he told a court he wanted revenge for the 76 lives lost in a fire at the waco barracks in texas , exactly two years earlier , when the fbi ham-handedly tried to expel intruders . he was executed in 2001 , and his co-conspirator terry nichols , now 60 , remains in jail serving 161 life sentences . even before investigators identified the american perpetrators , the country was struggling to understand the concept of terrorism in oklahoma city . when the building exploded at 9.01am , mrs almon-kok thought it was construction work . but word soon reached her office , and she spent the next two hours scouring hospitals for her only child . eventually , sitting in the crammed waiting room at st anthony’s hospital , she was approached by a pediatrician and a priest who delivered the news . she didn’t know aspiring photojournalist charles porter had captured the moment baylee was carried from the building , her pink socks stained red from the shards of glass , in a picture that would go on to win a pulitzer prize . ' i was very young at the time , i was 23 , ' she said . ' my parents saw the picture on the paper the next morning and tried to hide it from me . i came downstairs looking for something to read and they said `` we didn’t get any mail today '' . ' i knew that was ridiculous , we always got the paper . so i went looking around for it and , yes , as soon as i saw it i said , `` that’s baylee '' . the oklahoma city bombing , planted by veteran us army soldier timothy mcveigh , killed 168 people . it was the worst case of homegrown terrorism america has ever seen , and shook the nation . unlike dzokhar tsarnaev and the 9/11 hijackers , timothy mcveigh had fought for his country in the gulf war . then-president bill clinton responded to the attack days later with one of his most famous speeches : ' the loss you feel must not paralyze your own lives . ’ then-first lady hillary clinton holds her face in distress at the ceremony to remember the dead in 1995 . ' for some reason i thought i would know if my daughter was going to be on the front page . it was strange , it was horrible . ' everybody else saw it as fiction - she wasn’t a person . they made money off it like she wasn’t real . ' to the almon-kok family , she is very much still with them . aren almon met army veteran stanley kok through a friend soon after the attack . they married in 1997 , and together they have two children : bella , 17 , and brooks , 13 . every year they throw a birthday party in baylee’s honor , with a cake and a family meal . bella and brooks know they are two of three siblings . ' my husband has been really great , he has always been supportive of what i 've been through and to him , baylee is part of our life together . ' my kids have always known that they have a sister and that she went to heaven , so they expect us to celebrate her birthday like we do theirs . ' for them , the picture is painful too . ' bella did a paper at school the other day about commercials and how they use images . one of the photographs they were given was that picture . ' she just dealt with it the best way she can . that’s her sister , she knows what happened . so to see that picture , that hurts . ' nonetheless , the family has been the subject of scrutiny , anger and at times hatred in the wake of the attacks . with her child the ' face ' of the tragedy , other grieving families felt aren almon and the firefighter , chris fields , stole the limelight from their loved ones who paled into oblivion . during the barrage of media attention , the pair grew a bond , which remains today - and it was erroneously assumed they had become romantically involved . ' we do still see each other , chris and his wife have been very supportive , they are such good people . but they wo n't be coming to the ceremony , they keep themselves out of that stuff . ' that whole thing was difficult , and just something else you have to learn how to deal with . ' consequently , almon-kok is apprehensive about this year’s 20-year anniversary ceremony . ' we don’t all have something in common just because we lost a child , ' she explains . tough : aren has been the subject of scrutiny , anger and at times hatred in the wake of the attacks . aren almon met army veteran stanley kok through a friend soon after the attack . they married in 1997 , and together they have two children : bella , 17 , and brooks , 13 . difficulty for all of them : aren said her children ( pictured ) know that they are two of three siblings . other grieving families felt aren almon and the firefighter , chris fields , stole the limelight from their loved ones who paled into oblivion after the photograph received so much attention ( pictured : the memorial ) . ' i know after the bombing the other families didn’t like me , and i’m not looking forward to that . ' i have just always tried to represent myself the best way possible because when baylee’s looking down at me from heaven i want her to be proud of the things i have done . ' i didn’t want any of this , to see baylee dead everywhere every day , but that’s just the way it happened . ' between the ages of 23 and 43 , almon-kok , has dedicated herself to ensuring daycare centers are fully secure . congressional bill number hr 4159 , or 'baylee’s law ' , became law in 2000 to ensure a standard of glass protection in public buildings . mcveigh had enlisted his co-conspirators to build a car bomb that would shatter the windows of the building - a horrific detail that severely impacted the force of the explosion . it took weeks to find an attorney to represent timothy mcveigh after he was coincidentally detained during a traffic stop 45 minutes after the attack . eventually , stephen jones agreed to defend his actions ’to ensure he had a fair trial’ . speaking this week , jones conceded : ' we all remember what we were doing . it is the pearl harbor day of oklahoma . ' this was a scar and never-ending wrong that affected not only oklahoma city and the people there but the nation at large , ' he told tulsa rotary . then-president bill clinton responded to the attack days later with one of his most famous speeches : ' the loss you feel must not paralyze your own lives . ’ indeed , oklahomans earned a reputation for compassion in the wake of the bombing - a sense of charity that came to be known as ' the oklahoma standard ' . on sunday , in a ceremony held at 9.01am at the site of the attack , clinton and city officials will lead tributes to the city’s resilience , and read out the names of the 168 people who lost their lives . and the picture of chris fields holding baylee will be shown . though heart-wrenching for her , she says she is attempting to compartmentalize it . ’if i saw baylee every time i looked at that photograph , i wouldn’t be able to get past that . i wouldn’t be able to carry on , ’ she said . ' to me , basically , i try to see that picture as something which represents everybody who died in that bombing . it’s everybody’s baby . ' 