the celebrations will continue long after barnet’s delirious supporters are cleared off the pitch as the club returned to the football league following a two-year absence . three points were all that separated barnet from the conference title , and two goals from mauro vilhete ensured martin allen’s fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful . this was a potential banana skin . lose or draw , and bristol rovers would have taken barnet’s place . yet those in the south west will have to make do with the play-offs . there was to be no drama on this finale . mauro vilhete ( right ) celebrates with curtis weston after opening the scoring for barnet on saturday . vilhete doubled his tally in the second-half as barnet defeated gateshead 2-0 in the conference clash . barnet clinched a return to the football league on saturday following a two-year absence . barnet fans invade the pitch after the final whistle as their team win promotion back to the football league . barnet manager martin allen celebrates with goalkeeper graham stack after securing the conference title . barnet : stack ; yiadom , johnson , n’gala , stephens ; weston , togwell , vilhete ( saville 89 ) , clifford ; gash , akinde ( villa 89 ) . subs not used : macdonald , muggleton , gambin . goals : vilhete ( 25 , 49 ) . booked : weston . gateshead : bartlett ; pattinson , curtis , clark , baxter ; chandler , gillies ( shaw 57 ) , finnigan ; rodman ( ramshaw 46 ) , sainte-luce ; rankine . subs not used : dixon , allan , orrell . referee : darren england . attendance : 5,233 . gateshead played their part in the script to perfection , and were continually on the back foot . allen made sure of that by being the most animated figure at the sold-out hive . there is just something about this club that keeps attracting the man nicknamed mad dog back . yet he looked ready to pull his hair out after just four minutes when john akinde cut the ball back for michael gash , only for the barnet attacker’s tame shot to be cleared off the line by jamie chandler . barnet were dominating , while gateshead were simply surviving . yet the breakthrough arrived in the 25th minute . a straightforward set-piece resulted in a free header for one of the smallest men on the pitch . vilhete rose highest , and eased the tension . no reaction from allen . no clenched fist . nothing . he simply turned away , and walked back to his seat . there was still work to do . they could have made it two shortly after , when captain curtis weston’s volley met the crossbar . it was beginning to look like gateshead were in for a long afternoon , and so they were . the daylight arrived in the 48th minute . michael gash’s header was instinctively kept out by gateshead goalkeeper adam bartlett , but the rebound was not . vilhete made no mistake , thumping the ball home from just three yards out . this time , allen celebrated . yet gateshead wanted to remind them they were still there . a header from carl finnigan was denied by the out-stretched hand of goalkeeper adam bartlett . as good a save you would ever see , no matter which division . that was about as close gateshead came to threatening the champions on a day that belonged to barnet . champions : barnet . play-off qualification : bristol rovers , grimsby town , eastleigh and forest green rovers . relegated : alfreton , telford united , dartford , nuneaton . the title-winning victory ensures allen’s fourth spell in charge of the club would be his most successful . the barnet team celebrate with the trophy after clinching promotion on saturday .