police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrest of fallen afl star ben cousins . officers also reportedly accessed files containing information about daniel kerr , a fellow former west coast eagles player , according to the west australian . the pair both made headlines in recent months , for different incidents , and according to the publication at least 300 police accessed the files . acting commissioner of west australian police , stephen brown confirmed to daily mail australia an internal investigation is underway relating to access , but would not confirm or make comment about the people whose records had been accessed . police in western australia have come under fire after reports emerged that hundreds of officers unlawfully accessed information relating to the arrests of fallen afl star ben cousins ( pictured on april 9 ) . ' i can confirm that wa police are currently investigating accesses , by a large number of police employees , to the records of high profile persons within our internal computer systems , ' commissioner brown said in a statement . ' the focus of the investigation will be to determine if the accesses were justified having regard to the work role of each officer . this process will take some weeks , if not months , to complete . allegations will be investigated under section 440a of the criminal code , which states police officers face up to 12 months in prison or a $ 12,000 fine for unauthorised computer usage . ' the disappointing thing from my view is that the behaviour of these personnel has triggered a series of resource intensive internal investigations which will likely have criminal and/or internal disciplinary outcomes , ' mr brown said . the disgraced football player ( pictured during his career ) was arrested three times in two weeks in march , and another warrant was issued for his arrest in april when he failed to front court . cousins , pictured here in handcuffs arriving at court earlier in april , has a well-documented and public battle with methamphetamine . ' i suspect that the investigation will find that the majority of the accesses will have stemmed from mere curiosity , however this will not be known for sure until we undertake the investigation , ' he added . in light of the incident the acting commissioner also assured west australians that their information was safe . ' the community can rest assured that we hold their information in high regard and will conduct investigations into all suspected access breaches of our computer systems . ' however the wa police union has reacted negatively to the news of an investigation , with president george tilbury telling the west australian officers had done nothing wrong . he said they exhibited ' professional curiosity ' and added ' there is no suggestion in these cases of any corruption ' . ben cousins was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of march , following a slew of erratic events . cousins was spotted climbing onto the roof of a two-storey home in perth earlier this month . footage also emerged showing cousins running through the streets away from police . ben cousins was arrested three times in two weeks at the end of march , following a slew of erratic events . cousins was reportedly arrested after driving erratically and was caught breaking into a sikh temple to compulsively take photos before climbing onto the roof of another home in canning vale in perth 's south , according to fairfax media . the 36-year-old footballer allegedly upset sikh priest , jasvinder singh and his wife when he reversed his car over the garden of the temple ground and parked in mr singh 's personal car park . on march 16 cousins , who has a history of serious drug abuse , was assessed at a mental health facility after he was caught behind the secure fences of an sas base . on april 8 when cousins failed to front court on the driving charges a warrant for his arrest was issued . the next day the perth-based former afl star surrendered himself at fremantle police station .   