george galloway has accused the labour candidate running against him in the bradford west constituency of lying about being forced to marry when she was 15 years old . naz shah , a mother-of-three from bradford , has previously claimed that she was coerced into marrying her cousin in pakistan before being sexually and physically abused . however , mr galloway 's respect party now claims to have obtained a copy of her ' nikah ' , or marriage certificate , showing that she actually married when she was 16 and a half in 1990 . naz shah , the labor party candidate standing against george galloway in bradford west , has previously told how she was forced into marriage age 15 - but mr galloway 's party claims to have evidence this is untrue . at a hustings on wednesday night ( pictured ) mr galloway produced a nikah , or pakistani marriage certificate , which he claims shows that ms shah was in fact married in 1990 , when she was 16 and a half . at a hustings in bradford on wednesday night , mr galloway , who is defending a 10,000-vote majority , produced the document , saying ms shah has ' only a passing acquaintance with the truth . ' to applause , he also accused her of playing into negative stereotypes about pakistan , and accused her of slandering the british pakistani community . but ms shah has now hit back , saying there are two copies of her nikah . one dated 1990 , which mr galloway has , and another earlier version dated 1988 , which has been supplied to mailonline . a spokesman for the labour party said that ms shah was forced into marriage aged 15 , but that her husband wanted to come to the uk on a spouse visa . because the british authorities do not recognise marriages to people under the age of 16 , a second document was drawn up and dated 1990 . they say this is the document mr galloway 's party has . a labour spokesman said : ' george galloway is an absentee mp who has failed to stand up for , and has nothing positive to offer to , the people of bradford west . ' he is instead resorting to desperate untruths about labour’s candidate . we have written to him to warn him that we believe his conduct to be a breach of election law . ' while george galloway spends his time seeking to divide our community , naz shah and labour will continue to show people that she will be a strong voice for bradford west . ' labour also accused mr galloway of obtaining the nikah by sending a man to the registry office in mirpur posing as ms shah 's father , who died several years ago . a respect party spokesman responded , saying the allegations were ' totally and utterly untrue ' , insisting that their contact had simply requested the certificate and paid a five rupee sum before it was handed over . speaking to mailonline , he said : ' we were given a copy of the nikah by a close family member in this country so we decided to check whether this was genuine . however , labour have said there are two copies of the nikah , the original being dated in 1988 , when ms shah would have been 15 , which they are in possession of . they say the second was drawn up when ms shah 's husband tried to get a spouse visa to the uk , where marriages to those under 16 are not recognised . the labour party said they have been in touch with the election watchdog about mr galloway 's comments , claiming they breach guidelines and warning him not to repeat them . ' we got a third party to go to the registry office in mirpur , where he retrieved the original nikah showing the marriage was in 1990 . ' there was no subterfuge , he paid five rupees and he was given the certificate . ' speaking to the guardian , the party said the nikah dated 1990 revealed that ms shah 's mother and family members attended , claiming that this shows the ceremony was not forced . on the subject of a second nikah dated 1988 , he said the party was waiting for it to be produced so it could be independently verified . the spokesman also claimed that it was not possible for two copies of the nikah to exist without the couple first being divorced , and said labour had yet to produce proof of a separation . the labour party told mailonline that they had already given the document , which is written in urdu , to three independent translators who had all confirmed it was genuine . labour also said the party had complained to the election watchdog about mr galloway 's behaviour , saying he had made false statements about ms shah , and warned for him not to repeat them . ms shah first went public with the story of her childhood early last month , just days after being selected as labour 's candidate in bradford west . in an open letter , she described growing up in bradford in extreme poverty and becoming homeless aged six after her father left his family destitute when he eloped with a 16-year-old neighbour . she said was forced to be a parent to her two sisters after her mother , who had suffered years of abuse at the hands of a local drug dealer , was jailed for his murder after she poisoned him . she said she became a political campaigner while fighting for her mother 's release from prison , which came in 2000 after 14 years behind bars . after ms shah 's mother was jailed she became estranged from the rest of the family , but travelled to pakistan in the late 80s to see them . it was then that she claims she was forced into marrying her cousin , saying she only agreed after being coerced by other family members . according to her account , she escaped that relationship in 1992 before going back to college in britain .