peerless champion jockey ap mccoy described the final day of his record-breaking career as ‘ the hardest day’ of his life as he left sandown on saturday night and headed into retirement . and he also predicted someone will ultimately break his multitude of records . mccoy said : ‘ someone will break my records . all records are broken . i just hope i am dead when they do . ’ mccoy , the iron-man of jump racing , shed tears as he paraded in front of the grandstand after finishing third on box office in the bet365 handicap hurdle , his last-ever ride . ap mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed as a professional jockey for the last-ever time on saturday . an emotional mccoy could n't contain his emotions as he waved to the crowd after his last race . after finishing third on box office in last-ever race , mccoy was reduced to tears at sandown park . the retiring jocket was overcome with emotion after coming third on box office . mccoy had much to celebrate on saturday despite his third-place finish in the bet365 handicap hurdle . princess anne , a renown horseman herself , told the racing post newspaper : ' i can only add my admiration to the epitome of a professional sportsman . admiration that is heightened by my own , all too brief , experience of national hunt racing . ' to win 20 championships is an exceptional achievement , perhaps unmatched in any other sporting discipline , and he has done it in a tough , exhilarating and often dangerous sport . he has been a credit to horseracing and he goes out still at the top of his profession . ' arsene wenger , manager of mccoy 's beloved arsenal , told channel four 's the morning line : ' i would like to congratulate you for your outstanding career . it 's absolutely exceptional what you have done . at arsenal , we are inspired by that kind of dedication and quality and consistency you have shown in your career . ' sebastian coe , double olympic champion and organiser of the 2012 olympics , said : ' great is an overused word in sport - get a couple of england caps and you 're suddenly a great player . genius is probably a word less used but i think a.p mccoy is both . ' the guy is a genius in the saddle . it 's just an extraordinary period of time that he has spanned - john major still had two more years to run as prime minister ! put it in that context , you tell me anybody or anything that has maintained that level of market dominance . i think he 's unique . ' steve redgrave , britain 's greatest olympian , summed it up . 'a.p has touched all our hearts . truly a great to be remembered . ' the race was ironically won by brother tedd , ridden by mccoy’s great rival and 15-time runner-up in the jockeys’ championship , richard johnson . mccoy had earlier also finished third on mr mole in the celebration chase named in his honour and won by irish-trained favourite special tiara . the 20-time champion jockey said : ‘ when i went back in front of the stands and heard all the people clapping , there was a lot of emotion . i was trying my hardest but there were tears coming back on box office . there were nearly tears going out on box office . i pulled my goggles down so no one would notice . ‘ it was a very emotional day , something i will never forget and never expected . ‘ the people have come out and supported me and i feel very honoured and very privileged . ‘ in a lot of ways it had to be this way because if it wasn’t difficult it meant i wasn’t as good as i was and wasn’t enjoying my riding as much as i was . there was always a huge fear that i would not get out while i was as good as i was . as a sports person that is a very difficult thing to do before the dip comes . ’ a sell-out crowd of 18,300 flocked to see mccoy’s career as a professional jump jockey in britain end after 21 years . he was presented with his final champion’s trophy by arsenal legend ian wright before riding mr mole and mccoy’s weighing room colleagues had formed a guard of honour as he entered the paddock for the presentation . mccoy’s final winner — the 4,348th of his career — will go down as capard king at ayr on april 17 . great rival johnson completed a double by also winning the oaksey chase on menorah . sandown park was packed with punters and the media who were eager to give him a memorable send off . mccoy was congratulated by fellow jockeys as he prepared for the in the handicap hurdle . box office 's trainer jonjo o'neil poses for a picture with mccoy at sandown . but mccoy 's smiles soon turned into emotion after competing in his final professional race . the racing legend was swamped by photographers and punters following his last professional race . the 40-year-old was hounded by photographers as he walked out for his last-ever race on saturday . the irish jockey ( left ) was unable to leave on a winning note as he raced on the aptly named box office . and , as if to emphasise mccoy’s assertion that his records would be beaten , there was also a double for the new star of jump racing , 17-year-old sean bowen . the wins enabled the welsh teenager to become the youngest winner of the conditional jockeys’ title . mccoy , who will attend part of next week’s punchestown festival as well as a wedding next weekend , was 19 when he won the same title . bowen’s success on 14-1 shot just a par was the culmination of a fantastic first season which has yielded 49 wins . he has the same agent as mccoy in dave roberts , who said : ‘ what he is doing is freaky . there is no other word for it . we want to keep his feet on the ground but he has some talent . ’ mccoy , 40 , who announced his intention to retire in february , had turned down the opportunity to take more rides on his final day as well as not riding the week before . it was his way of easing himself out of the sport he loves . the jockey also received a special award from sandown presented by former arsenal and ireland star liam brady , who was mccoy’s childhood hero . ‘ race riding has been an addiction , ’ added mccoy . ‘ the reason i have not been riding as much was because i wanted to get myself prepared . to wean myself . mccoy was presented the champion jockey trophy by ian wright - mccoy is an arsenal fanatic . mccoy lifts the trophy awarded to him permanently before riding his final ever races . sandown park was packed with fans eager to watch mccoy in his penultimate race on saturday . the champion jockey was joined by his wife channelle , daughter eve and son archie on his last day of racing . the 40-year-old received a guard of honour before receiving the champion jockey trophy . mccoy parades his 20th champions jockey trophy at sandown racecourse before racing . the retiring 20-time champion jockey admitted he went into the final two rides of his career with a heavy heart . retiring jockey mccoy insists he will never return to professional racing after his sandown farewell . mccoy finished third on mr mole in his penultimate race as retirement beckons . sky sports presenter ed chamberlin ( right ) joined wright to present the trophy to mccoy . ‘ i thought that was the best way of coping with it . i am well aware the next two days , two weeks , two months , two years are going to be the most difficult . ’ what mccoy does next is unclear . he has offers of media work and he is also expected to take some role within the jp mcmanus empire . ‘ we might be able to work out something , ’ said mcmanus . mccoy was joined by punters who were bidding him farewell on saturday . tony mccoy signs autographs for punters on his final-ever day as a jockey at sandown . legendary 20-time jockey mccoy carries his son archie , high-fiving jp mcmanus . mccoy shows off the sandown racecard for his final bow as a jockey .  two mccoy fans wear masks of the racing legend at sandown as they bid him farewell . mccoy ( second right ) has previously said ' shoot me if i ride professionally again ' . crowds are packed into sandown to wish mccoy well for his final two rides .