manchester united 's stars trained in the sunshine on friday as they put together their final plans for their premier league showdown with rivals manchester city . wayne rooney , ander herrera and all the other big-hitters were in action as louis van gaal oversaw their preparations for the huge derby on sunday afternoon . also back in action was striker robin van persie , who has returned to training after getting injured defeat at swansea in february . manchester united players train in the sunshine ahead of their game against manchester city on sunday . manager louis van gaal ( left ) oversees the action as captain wayne rooney runs with the ball at aon training complex . goalkeeper david de gea ( left ) , winger angel di maria ( centre ) and striker radamel falcao in training action . striker robin van persie could return to the fray after being declared fit to play against manchester city . falcao ( left ) and antonio valencia ( second right ) look in high spirits as they prepare for the derby . united go into the clash against city ahead of them in the premier league table for the first time since the sir alex ferguson era , and victory at old trafford could see them move four points clear of manuel pellegrini 's side in fourth . with seven games to go , the two manchester sides are battling out with arsenal for second place in the premier league , and hoping to stave off any potential surge into the champions league positions from the likes of liverpool and tottenham , who linger in fifth and sixth respectively . city have won on their last three visits to old trafford - the famous 6-1 in 2011/12 , 2-1 in 2012/13 and 3-0 last season - which is a run rooney and co will be desperately hoping to bring to an end . captain rooney leads the way in training as he runs drills through some cones in the sunshine on friday in manchester . dutch boss van gaal watches on as he prepares his side for his first manchester derby at old trafford . ( left to right ) rooney , ashley young , goalkeeper anders lindegaard and michael carrick have a quick breather . ( left to right ) di maria , juan mata , falcao , marcos rojo and ander herrera were among the manchester united stars on show . manchester united 's captain was the last player to score a winner for manchester united at home to their rivals , striking a stunning overhead kick past joe hart in a 2-1 win on 2011 . you play for man united , you want to win these derby games , ' rooney told mutv . ' we want to give united fans something to smile about when they go to work on monday morning , we want them to be the ones to be able to give out the banter to manchester city fans at work . ' i think it 's a very important game for manchester united and manchester city ... for the fans and , for me , it 's a massive game of pride . ' rooney ( centre ) was the last player to score a winner for manchester united against rivals city at old trafford in 2011 . left back luke shaw will be hoping for a recall for the clash after returning to fitness in recent weeks . spanish midfielder herrera will be hoping to continue the fine form that has seen him become one of united 's key players recently . while midfielder ashley young is also desperate to bring an end to their wretched recent run against manchester city . he said : ' we know it will be tough but as long as we can play the way we have shown , especially in the last few games , and add to that , it 's going to be a great game and hopefully we will get the three points . ' we want to keep the momentum going and the positive play . it would be nice ( to finish above city ) but we are just taking each game as it comes . it is obviously going to be another tough one against city next week but we will prepare as well as we can do as we always do . '     