islamic state militants have imposed a new law threatening to jail any man caught wearing skinny jeans or having music on their mobile phones in an apparent crackdown on hipsters . the terror group said it would also imprison anyone caught smoking or turning up late for prayer in further draconian crackdowns in its syrian stronghold of raqqa . violators will be jailed for ten days , during which time they will be made to take an ' islamic course ' , it was reported by anti-isis informants in the city . at the end of their prison term , they will be forced to take a test , with those who pass being released immediately . those who do n't will be fined and kept in prison until they pass . outlawed : militants fighting for the islamic state ( left ) have threatened to jail anyone caught wearing skinny jeans ( like the ones pictured , right ) in its latest draconian crackdown in the syrian stronghold of raqqa . the introduction of the new laws were revealed by the anti-isis campaign group raqqa is being slaughtered silently ( rbss ) who risk their lives leaking information from inside the city . rbss says the sanctions are ' volatile and changeable ' but notes that they are becoming increasingly more stringent . one resident , named only as jassem , told the group how dozens of people had fled the city in the wake of the jihadi network 's brutal enforcement of its twisted form of sharia law . he said : ' isis tightens penalties and uses the principle of intimidation in dealing with public , which led to the migration and escape of many people . ' freedom of expression has become a crime , so you can not oppose a decision issued by the group . ' otherwise you will be arrested on charges of violation of god’s law as its fighters claim , but they are far from this law . ' there is no difference between isis and assad’s regime : bribery and favoritism are widespread within the group and play a major role , especially among the local members of the group . ' up in smoke : photographs taken in the northern town of barqah , close to the border with turkey , show members of isis ' feared religious police force setting light to vast piles of cigarettes in a field . shocking : the cigarette burning images emerged as it was revealed isis has erected shocking anti-smoking posters throughout its self-declared caliphate featuring images of burning human lungs . earlier this month , isis militants carried out a second mass cigarette burning as the terror group stepped up its anti-smoking campaign . photographs taken in the northern town of barqah , close to the border with turkey , show members of the group 's feared religious police force setting light to vast piles of cigarettes in a field . the images emerged as it was revealed isis has erected shocking anti-smoking posters throughout its self-declared caliphate featuring images of burning human lungs , in the hope it will convince militants to reject the ' slow suicide ' caused by cigarettes . images also emerged earlier this week showing dozens of black balaclava-wearing extremists graduating from an islamic state-run school of terror in raqqa . school of terror : a senior militant is seen giving the jihadi graduates a final lecture before they are sent off to wage jihad in the various provinces - known as wilayats - under the control of the islamic state . militants : brandishing ak47 assault rifles and waving flags carrying the sinister black and white isis logo , the photographs showing the jihadi ' class of 2015 ' are believed to have been taken in raqqa city . brandishing ak47 assault rifles and waving flags carrying the sinister black and white isis logo , the photographs showing the jihadi ' class of 2015 ' are believed to have been taken in raqqa city . although the are dressed in head-to-toe black and wear balaclavas that cover most of their faces , it is clear that the majority of the graduates are teenagers who have been brainwashed into thinking they are holy warriors , when the reality is they will be little more than cannon fodder . the images are believed to have been taken somewhere in the city of raqqa - the eponymous capital of the province and a stronghold of the terrorists ' self-declared caliphate , which covers vast swathes of land in northern syria and western iraq . the photographs show dozens of militants sitting on seats in what appears to be a school hall , while chilling black and banners carrying the isis logo are seen been waved . a senior militant is seen giving the jihadi graduates a final lecture before they are sent off to wage jihad in the various provinces - known as wilayats - under the control of the islamic state . having been given a final speech by their commanders , the fighters are seen waving isis flags in celebration before taking part in what appears to be a passing out parade . in a courtyard outside the school the newly-graduated fighters march in highly choreographed formations , still brandishing assault rifles and with their faces still covered by black balaclavas .