criticism : lord prescott suggested the signatories were ' tax dodgers , tory donors and non doms ' . labour was at war with business again last night as the party lashed out at 120 bosses who warned the economic recovery could be wrecked if it regained power . shadow cabinet ministers branded the industry leaders who signed an open letter backing the conservative economic plan as members of the ‘1 per cent’ . lord prescott , an adviser to ed miliband , went further , suggesting the signatories were ‘ tax dodgers , tory donors and non doms’ – even though several were former labour supporters . business spokesman chuka umunna raised the stakes , suggesting that one , former diageo boss paul walsh , should no longer take over as the head of the cbi . mr umunna said it would be ‘untenable’ for mr walsh to ‘ claim to be independent in the light of this’ . in a highly unusual intervention just weeks from the election , 103 corporate leaders yesterday declared that the government ‘ has been good for business and has pursued policies which have supported investment and job creation’ . throughout the day , 17 more added their names , including the bosses of astrazeneca , citi private bank and pirelli . ‘ we believe a change in course will threaten jobs and deter investment . this would send a negative message about britain and put the recovery at risk , ’ they said . attack : labour 's business spokesman chuka umunna ( left ) suggested that former diageo boss paul walsh ( right ) should no longer take over as the head of the cbi . involved : some 103 corporate leaders yesterday declared that the government ‘ has been good for business’ . throughout the day , 17 more added their names , including the bosses of astrazeneca ( above ) and pirelli . together , the businesses the executives run employ more than 600,000 people , and include brands such as primark , iceland , pizza express , mothercare , ocado , moonpig , ted baker , costa coffee and lk bennett . executives at consumer brands such as cobra beer , britvic , silver spoon , kingsmill , thorntons , robinsons , tango and london pride also put their names to the list . chancellor : george osborne said labour’s pledge to raise the main rate of corporation tax to 21p represented ' a huge risk to the british economy ' . labour mps’ attempts to brand them all fat cats were undermined by the fact that the signatories included 29 heads of firms with fewer than 250 employees . some had supported labour at previous elections . george osborne said tories were offering ‘ business stability’ , while labour’s pledge to raise the main rate of corporation tax to 21p represented ‘ a huge risk to the british economy and to british jobs’ . the chancellor said : ‘ corporation tax is the main tax on business . increase it and you increase the tax on investment , on growth and on jobs . it is as simple as that . ’ and he said there were ‘ just 36 days left to save britain’s economic recovery’ . an ipsos mori poll of ftse 100 leaders suggests 86 per cent will back the conservatives . under tony blair , 55 per cent backed labour . veteran labour mp barry sheerman claimed the letter indicated a ‘ clear decline in british political life’ , accusing the businesspeople of endorsing ‘right-wing policies that benefit them’ . last night labour released its own list of names , backing a ‘ labour government to put working people first’ . it included dozens of workers who are on zero-hours contracts as well as advertising chief trevor beattie , fashion designer wayne hemingway and former blue peter presenter peter duncan . embarrassingly for labour , the list of business leaders features several who supported the governments of tony blair and gordon brown . they include sir charles dunstone , chairman of dixons carphone and talk talk , who signed a letter backing labour in 2005 . yo ! sushi founder simon woodroffe appeared in a 2004 labour broadcast . he said : ‘ to change now , half way through a recovery from the worst recession we have had in my lifetime seems to be a madness . you need to get behind the people doing the job . ’ other former labour supporters who signed the letter included : surinder arora , described as a ‘ big fan’ of tony blair in 2007 ; dragons’ den star duncan bannatyne , who unveiled a ‘ seaside manifesto’ with gordon brown before the 2010 election ; sir cameron mackintosh , who made a donation to labour in 1998’ ; and moni varma , who signed a letter to the financial times before the 2005 election backing labour . supported labour : yo ! sushi founder simon woodroffe ( pictured ) appeared in a 2004 labour broadcast . getting cosy : dragons’ den star duncan bannatyne ( right ) unveiled a ‘ seaside manifesto’ with gordon brown ( left ) before the 2010 election . early in his leadership , ed miliband alienated business chiefs with class war rhetoric and quasi-marxist policies his opponents said would drag britain back to the 1970s . here , james slack examines how red ed drove a wedge between labour and the wealth creators . the attack on ‘predatory’ big business . the energy price freeze threat . the seizure of private land . reinstating the 50p tax rate . corporation tax reverse . the vicious row with boots .