a couple of wartime sweethearts who were married for almost 72 years have been buried next to each other after dying days apart . ronald pearson and his wife miriam met at an evening dance while he was serving in the raf police and she the auxiliary territorial service during the second world war . they married in 1943 and settled in broughton near chester , welcoming their daughter two years after celebrating ve day . after almost 72 years together , mrs pearson , 95 , died last month . her husband followed two days later aged 94 . ronald and miriam pearson died last month within two days of each other . the couple , who met during the war , had been married for almost 72 years . mr and mrs pearson met during the war when he was working as a sergeant for the raf police and she a driver for the auxiliary territorial service . their marriage was described as ' the greatest true love story ' at a joint funeral held at blacon crematorium which saw the couple buried side by side . ' it 's nice that they are going together ; it 's what they would have wanted . they 'll be next to each other , like they always were , ' said their daughter , jenny ledger , 68 . their daughter , jenny ledger , 68 , said : ' it 's nice that they are going together ; it 's what they would have wanted . they 'll be next to each other , like they always were . ' mr and mrs pearson met in buckley in north wales during the second world war . at the time he was a sergeant in the raf police , and she a driver for the auxiliary territorial service based in kinmel park near abergele . after meeting at the albert hall dance hall , they married before the war was over . taking the service , funeral celebrant mary mcdonald said mr pearson had seen ' a lovely young woman and went over to ask her to dance ' . ' that was the beginning of a beautiful love story - one that lasted over 70 years . they never looked back . they both knew they were meant for each other . ' after marrying before the end of the war the couple settled in broughton near chester to raise their ' adored ' family . they went on to have two children , jennifer and mark , with mr pearson taking up work with british aerospace in broughton . after welcoming five grandchildren and two great-grandchildren , the couple remained in their home until october , when they both moved to countess of chester hospital , cheshire . mrs pearson died on march 13 , her husband following just two days later . at the service at blacon crematorium , family members paid tribute to the ' inseparable ' couple . great granddaughter amy griffiths read a personal tribute recalling a kaleidoscope of memories , including caravan holidays , football and cricket on the beach and ' always a polo mint in grandad 's pocket ' . ' never been apart - together for ever and always in life and afterlife , ' she wrote . ' the greatest true love story . ' concluding the service , mrs mcdonald said : ' they left their earthly lives together . ' they could not be separated . ' they were buried in a joint funeral this week where mourners heard how theirs was the ' greatest true love story ' . 