cristiano ronaldo is to give real madrid a timely boost after his yellow card against rayo vallecano - which would have seen him suspended - was rescinded . as believe the annulment of the booking by the competitions committee is key , considering iker casillas , toni kroos , james rodriguez and gareth bale are all out of the clash with eibar . jese is to start his first game in 389 days in bale 's absence and real boss carlo ancelotti was quoted saying : ' with this injury you still have problems a year later . ' as say that cristiano ronaldo 's availability is key and mundo think a barca win puts them ' halfway to la liga ' . the injury-prone duo of sami khedira and fabio coentrao will be missing once again , as their future 's at the club continue to look bleak . mundo deportivo are reporting that if barcelona beat sevilla , then they 're ' halfway to la liga , ' as luis enrique welcomes back jordi alba , sergio busquets and neymar to boost their ranks . three-time ballon d'or winner lionel messi , can reach the impressive 400-goal mark if he hits a double at sevilla , as his unbelievable goal-scoring record continues to grow . mundo also have top secret news that full back alba is in deep discussions about extending his contract at the catalonian club . sevilla goalkeeper sergio rico has the task of stopping barca 's trio and juventus on course to win a treble . madrid-based paper marca say that one of spain 's hottest goalkeeping prospect 's sergio rico has been given the task of stopping barca 's formidable trio of luis suarez , neymar and messi . in italy , la gazzetta dello sport , focus on juventus ' chance of winning the treble and describe massimiliano allegri as ' ruthless , rugged , prolific . ' goal-line technology is a hot topic of discussion as the gazzetta and corriere dello sport both report that it will be brought in for the coppa italia final between juventus and lazio . chelsea star oscar is also touted for a move to the serie a champions in an exclusive interview with brazilian coach dunga in tuttosport , who likened him to italian legend roberto baggio . goal-line technology is a major talking point in italy as it 's confirmed for the coppa italia final .