a life coach and author with a curvy figure and dyed black locks has been dubbed the romanian kim kardashian . alexandra harra , 28 , who now lives in miami , has a ba degree in creative writing and classics . she now works as a professional life coach , a writer for the huffington post and an author of the karma queens ' guide to relationships . but when she was persuaded to pose on the cover of the romanian playboy , she suddenly found it was n't her university education that people were interested in . scroll down for video . selfie queen : alexandra harra has been dubbed ' the romanian kim kardashian ' and even shares the same love of selfies . all about the booty : the life coach turned model enjoys showing off her curves in tight fitting clothes . since appearing on the infamous cover she has graced the pages of countless glossies in her homeland . the model , who formerly had long peroxide locks , recently took to the bottle to make her similarity with the reality star , married to kanye west , even more striking . with her dyed black hair , she now lays claim to the title of the romanian kim kardashian . harra is already a bigger success than the celebrity in one way , as her derriere apparently measures 43 inches , while kardashian 's is just 40 inches . she said : ‘ someone in romania noticed that my bottom size , at 109cm , is larger than kim kardashian 's at 101 cm . ' now i 'm in the paper all the time as the romanian kim kardashian . ’ curves galore : alexandra harra recently dyed her hair from blonde to black to look more like kim . meow : harra states on instagram that she loves cats , evident in these selfies . the decision to dye her hair black has been well received by fans , boosting her online popularity . whilst she now lives in miami , she said that when she returns to her native romania she is treated like a celebrity . ‘ we are the kardashians of romania . we 're just as controversial as them . ' when i arrive anywhere in romania , all the cameras are after me , the paparazzi are after me too , they do n't expect to see a body like this and a booty like that . ’ alexandra also uses her suggestive shots as a vehicle for her life coaching advice . on one instagram snap , she wrote : ' change does n't come by accident . change comes by will . ' next to one picture , in which she posed side-on , she posted a bible quote from romans , 5 : 3-5 : ' but we rejoice in our sufferings , knowing that suffering produces endurance , and endurance produces character , and character produces hope , and hope does not put us to shame . ' and maybe kim should look out , as according to one picture , alexandra believes in the power of positive thinking . she wrote : ' what you wish , you can manifest . always . ' high flyer : as well as being a business woman and author , alexandra claims that she is treated like an a-list celebrity in her native romania . cover girl : alexandra has appeared on the cover of playboy romania , as well as in many more magazines in her native country . alexandra dyed her hair black to cement her claim of being ‘ the romanian kim kardashian’ . ‘ in romania women are supposed to be very thin , they 're supposed to not have curves . that 's what they think is beautiful . that to me is outrageous . ’ and it seems that harra’s move to become romania’s answer to kim kardashian is already paying off . she owns a mercedes s 550 2015 model worth £95,000 and a mercedes cls 550 worth £63,00 . yet alexandra 's mum , carmen , who she runs her business with , thinks her daughter is unique . ‘ my daughter is being labelled as the blonde version of kim kardashian . ' but we do n't try to imitate anyone , we 're just ourselves . ’ alexandra runs a psychology company with mum , carmen , who is also supportive of her modelling career . doppelganger : the life coach 's signature contouring make-up and dyed hair just increases her similarity with reality star kim .  