the philadelphia office of transportation aims to get the city 's pedestrians off their phones by sending a man in bubble wrap out to spread their safety message to the people . a video from the office features characters in ' safety suits ' including bubbleman , a ' fashionista ' wrapped in the poppable material and a young man in flashing lights . the campaigners are seen talking to residents about the dangers of not looking up from one 's phone , including the fact that 37 people died from being hit by cars last year . while other safety programs are directed at keeping motorists from hitting and killing pedestrians , the city of brotherly love 's is focused on those walking around the city . scroll down for video . a video from the philadelphia office of transportation shows characters such as bubbleman talking to residents about the dangers of phone usage while walking around the city . a character called the fashionista ( center , in bubble wrap ) said ' jaywalking is the new catwalking ' as part of a snarky reminder to pedestrians to be aware of their surroundings . it is aimed at 18 to 25-year-olds who the campaign says are most likely to be hit by cars while on their phones . more than 40 per cent of drivers who hit pedestrians and 30 per cent of the 1,800 pedestrians that are hit are 18 to 34 , mayor 's office planner ema yamamoto said , according to plan philly . the snarky video 's safety suiter characters say they ' ca n't think of any other way to not get hit by a car ' besides wearing their ridiculous costumes . another character , the fashionista , says that ' jaywalking is the new catwalking ' . a ' tech guy ' in a helmet with flashing lights on his body also gave information to residents , including that 37 pedestrians died last year . the safetysuiters ( played by different actors ) are part of a campaign to drive down pedestrian deaths among young people , based around a series of slogans including ' it 's road safety , not rocket science ' . large signs in philadelphia that say ' pick your head up ' are also part of the bid to end phone use , which is thought to contribute to five people being hit per day . the campaign , which has more slogans such as ' it 's road safety , not rocket science ' and ' jaywalking can lead to not walking ' , also includes signs meant for drivers on its website . one says ' cars have bumpers , people do n't ' . some have criticized the philadelphia campaign for focuses too much on pedestrians and blaming them for getting hit by cars . twitter user jonasmcivitas called the ads ' tone deaf ' . ' certainly everybody is responsible for paying attention to their surroundings . but a car can kill people . drivers should be a million times more the focus of this campaign because a driver bears the responsibility for not killing people , ' local planner victoria harris said . some have found philadelphia 's safety slogans such as ' jaywalking can lead to notwalking ' to be ' tone deaf ' . some pedestrian advocates and urban planners have criticized certain safety education efforts for placing blame on those who are hit by cars . above , a campaign in montgomery county , maryland . the pedestrian safety coordinator for montgomery county said that the graphic campaign was to help humanize pedestrian victims of accidents . yamamoto said that the new campaign was simply explaining good behavior for smartphone users , who ' need to be aware of their surroundings ' . backlash against the campaign follows a similarly controversial public education effort in montgomery county , maryland , outside of washington dc . posters with tire marks over young people 's faces were seen as blaming them for their own deaths , though the pedestrian safety coordinator told wtop that the street smart campaign was an attempt to humanize victims . new york city 's vision zero campaign against accidents , which has included speed limit reductions , focuses on drivers . the metropolis saw 132 pedestrians die last year , the lowest number on record , according to the new york times .