fc united of manchester , the club set up in protest at the glazer family 's takeover of manchester united , are now two promotions away from the football league . on an emotional night in front of 3,588 noisy fans the rebels , soon to celebrate their 10th anniversary , sealed the fourth promotion of their short history with this nervy win over stourbridge saw them crowned evo-stik northern premier champions . hundreds of ecstatic supporters invaded the pitch at the final whistle as the breakaway outfit secured elevation to the sixth tier after the heartbreak of no less than four play-off defeats . video scroll down to see pitch invasion as fc united of manchester win evo-stik north title . fc united of manchester players celebrate securing promotion following a 1-0 win over stourbidge . the club 's fourth promotion in their short history sees them come within two more of the football league . fc will move to a new 5,000 capacity stadium of their own in may , ending a nomadic existence spent entirely on the road . and it was the tameside stadium , home of neighbours curzon ashton , that hosted the latest chapter in an already significant history . in a tense first-half winger craig lindfield , a building estimator , headed against the bar as the home side struggled to break down a resolute stourbridge defence . and it appeared not to be their night when sub shelton payne had a volley cleared off the line . but on 69 minutes student and full back greg daniels rose unmarked to head home the impressive lindfield 's cross and spark joyous scenes . it was the perfect finish from the former macclesfield apprentice who was last week painting houses while on holiday from university . fc came into existence in 2005 when a group of united supporters , despairing of the debt-burdening old trafford takeover by the us-based family , decided enough was enough and created their own democratically-run club which kicked off at the bottom of the pyramid in north west counties division two . from an initial meeting of a dozen at a curry house in the rusholme district of manchester they now boast more than 4,000 members , each of whom can claim to be an owners . many of those were in fine voice here . meanwhile , 30 miles down the road the class of '92 's salford city celebrated promotion from the evo-stik division one after title rivals darlington 1883 could only draw 1-1 at warrington town . that result means the club , partly owned by united legends phil and gary neville , ryan giggs , paul scholes and nicky butt , were crowned champions in the high-profile quintet 's first season at the helm . fc united manager karl marginson , who has been with the club since day one , believes ' anything is possible ' . ' we 've got a ground of our own , ' he said , before a fan planted a kiss on his cheek . ' there 's no reason why the league is not possible . we have to provide that for these supporters because they deserve it . ' marginson admits he did not know what to expect when he took over the fledgling club . ' i did n't know what to think , ' he said . ' i did n't have a clue . but it 's something i 'm immensely proud of . it 's something we have to hold onto . ' fans storm the pitch as the breakaway outfit celebrates a significant moment in their short history . when asked how he was going to celebrate marginson added : ' i 'm going to go to the nag 's head if it 's open when i get home . ' general manager andy walsh , who has also been with fc from the beginning , echoed his manager 's comments . ' we will assess where we are going to go , ' he said . ' we 're not in a hurry and we 've always been about building for the long-term . this is a football club that is built on the ambitions and beliefs of its supporters . ' i think the football league is very possible . we have a manager and coaching staff that have shown they can challenge . i firmly believe they can manage and coach in the football league and i hope it 's with us . ' players carry a champions banner across the pitch as the club sets their sights on the big-time .