it is an astronomical nightmare - if an asteroid were spotted headed towards earth , what could humanity do about it ? the european space agency 's latest mission hopes to find out if crashing into it will help . it is working with nasa to send a lander crashing into a small asteroid 's moon at 14,000mph to see what happens . scroll down for video . impact ! an artist 's impression of what could happen when the craft hits the asteroid . experts hope the impact will be large enough to alter its orbit . the mission will take place in two parts , and this month marked the start of preliminary design work on esa 's asteroid impact mission , or aim . intended to demonstrate technologies for future deep-space missions , aim will also be the agency 's very first investigation of planetary defence techniques . launched in october 2020 , aim will travel to a binary asteroid system – the paired didymos asteroids , which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to earth in 2022 . the 800 m-diameter main body is orbited by a 170 m moon , informally called ' didymoon ' . this smaller body is aim 's focus : the spacecraft will perform high-resolution visual , thermal and radar mapping of the moon to build detailed maps of its surface and interior structure . aim will also put down a lander – esa 's first touchdown on a small body since rosetta 's philae landed on a comet last november . two or more cubesats will also be dispatched from the mothership to gather other scientific data in the vicinity of the moon . aim 's findings will be returned by high-capacity laser link to esa 's optical ground station on tenerife in the canary islands . ' aim should gather a rich scientific bounty – gaining valuable insights into the formation of our solar system – but these activities will also set the stage for a historic event to come , . the space agency says . a similar collision was achieved back in 2005 , when nasa 's deep impact spacecraft shot a copper impactor into asteroid tempel 1 . but the didymos moon is several tens of times smaller than tempel 1 , so much greater precision will be required to strike it – and the possibility of altering its orbit should be correspondingly higher . the didymos moon is nearly three times larger than the body thought to have caused the 1908 tunguska impact in siberia , the largest impact in recorded history . an equivalent asteroid striking earth would be well into the 'city-killer ' class , leaving a crater of at least 2.5 km across and causing serious regional and climate damage . the 2013 chelyabinsk airburst , whose shockwave struck six cities across russia , is thought to have been caused by an asteroid just 20 m in diameter . aim is also europe 's contribution to the larger asteroid impact & deflection assessment mission : aida . in late 2022 , the nasa-led part of aida will arrive : the double asteroid redirection test , or dart , probe will approach the binary system – then crash straight into the asteroid moon at about 6 km/s . ' aim will be watching closely as dart hits didymoon , ' explains ian carnelli , managing the mission for esa . ' in the aftermath , it will perform detailed before-and-after comparisons on the structure of the body itself , as well as its orbit , to characterise dart 's kinetic impact and its consequences . the target for the international asteroid impact & deflection assessment mission , of which esa 's asteroid impact mission ( aim ) is a part . in 2020 aim will head to the paired didymos asteroids , which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to earth in 2022 . launched in october 2020 , aim will travel to a binary asteroid system – the paired didymos asteroids , which will come a comparatively close 11 million km to earth in 2022 . the 800 m-diameter main body is orbited by a 170 m moon , informally called ' didymoon ' . ' the results will allow laboratory impact models to be calibrated on a large-scale basis , to fully understand how an asteroid would react to this kind of energy . ' this will shed light on the role the ejecta plume will play – a fundamental part in the energy transfer and under scientific debate for over two decades . ' in addition , dart 's shifting of didymoon 's orbit will mark the first time humanity has altered the dynamics of the solar system in a measurable way . ' it will also give us a baseline for planning any future planetary defence strategies . ' we will gain insight into the kind of force needed to shift the orbit of any incoming asteroid , and better understand how the technique could be applied if a real threat were to occur . ' aim and aida will be discussed at this month 's international academy of astronautics planetary defense conference , hosted at esa 's esrin earth observation centre in frascati , italy , which will be devoted to assessing the risk of impacts from asteroid and comets and envisaging possible responses . this year 's event features a simulated asteroid threat exercise , to which representatives of global space agencies and disaster response organisations will coordinate their reactions .   laser link .   