a man has died after falling from an apartment balcony while he was on the phone to his new wife . 29-year-old pankaj saw fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony to his death on thursday , while talking to his wife in india . emergency services were called to the unit block on cottonwood crescent at 1am , however mr saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries . scroll down for video . 29-year-old pankaj saw ( right ) fell three storeys from a macquarie park balcony to his death on wednesday night , while talking to his wife in india . it is believed mr saw was leaning on a wooden railing that ran across the top of the balcony and it gave way falling to the concrete metres below . mr saw was in australia on a long-stay work visa , and had been working on and off in sydney in recent years . he was a systems support analyst for an it firm and carried out work for optus . mr saw returned to australia on march 15 after spending six months in india , where he got married , colleagues say . emergency services were called to the unit block on cottonwood crescent however mr saw died at the scene from serious head and internal injuries . mr saw was on the phone to his wife back in india at the time of the tragic fall . speaking to the daily telegraph , howard ryan , director of housesafe , said he believed that the collapse was an accident waiting to happen after taking a look at pictures of the bracket which attaches the balcony to the wall . mr ryan said it appeared that rail ' has not been installed in a prudent , compliant and safe manner . ' ' the metal bracket is installed in reverse , therefore the horizontal timber railing after a period of time has rotted and the fixings have pulled through the timber upon pressure of the deceased leaning on the railing pushing the timber outwards and him falling , ' he said . grief-stricken friends and workmates , including the two with whom he shared his unit , gathered at his apartment on thursday . speaking to the daily telegraph , howard ryan , director of housesafe , said he believed that the collapse was an accident waiting to happen after taking a look at pictures of the bracket which attaches the balcony to the wall . mr saw was in australia on a long-stay work visa , and had been working on and off in sydney in recent years . his manager karen waller remembered mr saw as man full of life and energy . ' he is going to be badly missed , ' she said . ' we just hope that something is done about what has happened here . ' you can tell that something obviously was n't quite right about this apartment . ' investigators are looking at whether a structural fault contributed to mr saw 's fatal fall . detective inspector richard puffett said police wanted to be sure all aspects of the balcony and the unit 's structure were safe and sound . police also hope to speak to the person who helped mr saw before paramedics arrived at the cottonwood crescent property . 