juventus director pavel nedved has revealed that barcelona are interested in bringing paul pogba to the nou camp . in an interview with mundo deportivo , the former midfielder , who made 324 appearances for the turin club , insisted the french star wo n't be moving anywhere . but he also admitted he was pleased juve did n't draw the catalan side in the quarter-finals of the champions league . pavel nedved , pictured during his days as a juventus player , has revealed barcelona 's interest in paul pogba . the czech star , who is a director at juventus , insisted that french midfielder pogba will not be moving . nedved said : we are aware that barca and other big clubs want him but he has a contract with us . ' barca can not acquire any players until 2016 after the catalan club was punished for breaching rules regarding the signing of international players under the age of 18 . pogba has been strongly linked with a move to paris st germain this summer while former club united as well as neighbours manchester city and premier league leaders chelsea are also reported to be interested in signing the midfielder . the frenchman played a major role in helping juventus clinch their third successive scudetto last season , scoring seven goals and setting up seven more in 36 serie a appearances for the bianconeri . juve , who are still competing on three fronts this season , are currently without pogba 's services after he sustained a hamstring injury last month and was ruled out of action until may . ' we lose a lot without him , ' nedved said . ' he is a footballer with an enormous quality but we can not cry about it . ' we have a great roster that can overcome his loss . ' nedved expressed his relief that juventus avoided barcelona in the champions league quarter-finals . nedved believes that lionel messi is currently in the greatest form of his career . asked for his opinion on barcelona , nedved said : ' barca are now so unpredictable and this makes them even more dangerous . ' with players like lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez , if they can run , they will . they were amazing against manchester city and gave an exhibition . ' messi is a fantastic player and i do n't know what to think when i see him on the pitch . ' he 's been at a high level for many years but maybe now he 's having his best spell . it 's great to see him enjoying playing football . ' i did n't want barca in the quarter-finals . they are among the two best teams in europe and favourites to win the champions league alongside bayern munich . ' they are playing to a really high standard , as can be seen by their results over the past few months . juventus are heading for another scudetto , enjoying a 14-point lead over nearest challengers roma . nedved fires home against real madrid in the 2003 champions league semi-final . nedved in action for the czech republic during the 2006 world cup group match with ghana . nedved , who made 91 appearances and scored 18 goals for the czech republic , added that real madrid are ' not at the level of last year , ' when they beat atletico madrid to win the champions league . juventus , who have a massive 14-point lead over roma in italy , have drawn french team monaco in the last eight . although they are arguably the weakest team left in the competition , nedved has warned against complacency . ' obviously there were more famous opponents we could have drawn , ' he said . ' but we must not underestimate monaco . ' they went dangerously close to being knocked out at home , but they impressed me against arsenal in london . ' 