the killer of daniel morcombe could get out of prison early due to a email to queensland 's top judge from a child protection worker that a ' smiley face ' . lawyers for brett peter cowan , who was convicted for the murder of 13-year-old schoolboy daniel morcombe in 2014 , will file an application to have chief justice tim carmody disqualified from hearing his appeal , citing a potential bias in the case . cowan received a life sentence for murdering , indecently dealing and dumping the sunshine coast teenager 's body in 2003 . scroll down for video . daniel 's parents , denise and bruce morcombe , desperately searched for their son for almost eight years before cowan 's arrest . daniel morcombe 's killer brett peter cowan mugshot , four months into his prison sentence in july this year . cowan 's barrister , peter davis , said mr carmody had met with bravehearts founder hetty johnson shared an email , in which she referred to him as ' tim ' and included a smiley face . mr davis said bravehearts ' interests were contrary to cowan 's , which created the conflict . ' it 's not suggested for a moment that bravehearts is a dubious organisation , however it 's a lobby group and mr cowan is someone who has been directly targeted by that very lobby group , ' mr davis said . mr carmody denied he had any sort of relationship with ms johnson , and said the meeting was standard practice . ' none of these meetings impede my neutrality or impartial discharge of my judicial function , ' he said . ' ms johnston and i do not have a relevant , close and continuing relationship that would impact on the impartiality of my decisions or processes . ' director of public prosecutions tony moynihan said the situation was unprecedented and there should be no `` next step '' until the application is actually filed . daniel morcombe 's parents bruce and denise arrive at court for their son 's killer 's appeal on wednesday . daniel morcombe was only 13 when he was abducted and murdered in december 2003 , waiting at a bus stop to go christmas shopping . cowan 's sentence includes a non-parole period of 20 years . when he was convicted , cowan was found guilty of murder , indecent treatment of a child and interfering with a corpse , after abusing and killing daniel in an abandoned house after abducting the teen from a sunshine coast bus stop . a covert police operation culminated in cowan 's arrest in august 2011 , after cowan unknowingly confessed to daniel 's murder on camera to an undercover detective . the high fences and tough security that keeps high-profile inmates , such as cowan , locked behind the wolston correctional centre . how brett peter cowan looked - a frail and gaunt figure - before he was locked away in wolston correctional centre . cowan 's defence will now claim that showing his video confession was illegal , with cowan 's lawyer arguing ' they should never have been played to the jury ' . lawyers are also expected to criticise what they say was biased media coverage of the trial . daniel , 13 , was abducted in 2003 on queensland 's sunshine coast while waiting for a bus to go christmas shopping . daniel 's parents , denise and bruce morcombe , desperately searched for their son for almost eight years before cowan 's arrest . daniel 's parents bruce and denise are comfortable with the appeal process as they ' always knew it was going to happen ' .