terrified : miriam , 11 ( left ) , and ayesha , nine ( right ) , are currently living in fear in their basement . a terrified british family who are stuck in a basement in war-torn yemen have launched a desperate appeal to be evacuated to the uk . louise henderson alakil , 49 , moved to the middle eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the international school in the capital sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close . she is now hiding in a shelter below her family home on the outskirts of the city with her youngest children , miriam , 11 , and ayesha , nine , amid heavy shelling and while bombs fall all around them . britons have been advised to book commercial flights out the country , but mrs henderson and her children 's passports have expired and the uk authorities in yemen are closed . they have posted applications to the uk but fear they will not return , and are terrified of dodging fighting to get to the uk embassy in sudan for emergency documents . it comes after houthi militias , aligned with iran , began taking control of territory in yemen , including the country 's capital in september . in response , a saudi arabia-led coalition started launching airstrikes in late march . more than 1,000 people have been killed in the fighting in the past month , prompting thousands to flee their homes and hospitals and schools have been hit by shelling . the foreign and commonwealth office has suspended embassy operations in the region and urged british nationals to leave by commercial means . mrs henderson , a mother-of-six formerly of linlithgow , west lothian , has now launched an urgent plea for assistance to get out of the warzone and back to the uk . speaking from the uk , mrs henderson 's sister , heather , 51 , said : ' we are trying to get them out of the country . it 's an absolute mess . it 's just a shambles . ' we are at our wits end trying to get my sister and her two young girls to a place of safety . ' they could have got a flight just after the bombing campaign started but the flights which managed to leave were forced to run the gauntlet of surface-to-air missiles . ' . trapped : louise henderson alakil , 49 , moved to the middle eastern country 27 years ago and worked as a teacher at the international school in the capital sanaa until recent fighting forced it to close . warzone : an armed militiaman loyal to yemen 's fugitive president abderabbo mansour hadi holds his position during clashes with houthi rebels in the port city of aden this morning . mrs henderson father , bill , a 77-year-old painter , said : ' we are concerned for their safety ... during the bombing they were forced to run into the basement and hide under the snooker table . ' i know the kids are very frightened . it makes us feel dreadful . the big problem at the moment is the uncertainty , ' he added . ' there is a shortage of basic things like water and gas for cooking and even food supplies . the money is another big problem , because all the banks are shut , he went on to say . mr henderson said he and his family are worried and hoping for the best , but currently do not know what the outcome is going to be . ' it 's been stressful to say the least . we 've been working very hard to help out in any way we can ... we do n't know what the saudis are going to do . they could bomb sana'a tonight , ' he said . ' our talks with the authorities have been unsatisfactory and we 've tried everything and nobody seems particularly interested . ' dangerous place : houthi militias , aligned with iran , began taking control of territory in yemen in september . frontline : more than 1,000 people have been killed in the fighting over the past month , prompting thousands to flee their homes as hospitals and schools are hit by shelling . mrs henderson has been living in the country for the past 27 years after marrying husband wahab , an engineer who is in his mid-50s . he is sheltering with her . she worked as a teacher at the international school in the capital city of sana'a until the troubles forced the facility to close over safety fears . the family are facing a number of problems in their fight to leave the country , as louise and her children 's passports have expired and the uk authorities are closed . documents have now been posted to the uk for renewal which could take three weeks . and it is not clear whether they would receive them if they were posted back . mrs henderson and her daughters are now considering making their way to the uk embassy in khartoum , sudan , where they could get emergency documents . but getting there is dangerous as planes have been forced to run the gauntlet of surface-to-air missiles . clashes : the international organization for migration took the decision to temporarily suspend its evacuation from yemen , due to difficulties faced in operating flights out of the city . battleground : armed militiamen loyal to yemen 's fugitive president abderabbo mansour hadi duck from sniper-fire as they run during clashes with houthi rebels in the port city of aden this morning . mr henderson added : ' getting out of yemen is dangerous because they are firing at the planes on their way out . and the last thing we want is for them to get out and become stuck in another country ... the fco in london have been completely useless . ' the international organization for migration took the decision to temporarily suspend its evacuation of third country nationals from yemen , due to difficulties faced in operating flights out of the city . and despite requests made to facilitate such movements , iom continues to experience challenges in getting people out of yemen . the fco could help if louise and her children managed to get to a british emabassy or consulate where they could be supplied with emergency documents . a spokesman for the fco said : ' our embassy 's operations have been temporarily suspended . our longstanding and consistent message to british nationals has been to leave the country . ' british nationals who remain in yemen should leave immediately by commercial means . the british government will not be able to evacuate british nationals who remain in yemen against this advice . '