pensioners and neighbours have criticised the £750,000 refurbishment of sheltered accommodation which they say has made it look like legoland . all of the 36 units at the redlands house sheltered accommodation have been given the colourful treatment which has been labelled an ' eyesore ' by local residents . but the local council defended the colour scheme , claiming it will help residents with poor eyesight find their way home . graham white , 76 , from penarth said the changes to the property looks ' more like a children 's playscheme ' . the 36 homes as they were before the council spent £750,000 including funds from the intermediate care fund on the renovation . one pensioner , graham white , 76 , said residents think the property looks ' more like a children 's playscheme than sheltered accommodation ' . mr white , who has lived in one of the flats for three years , told the bbc : ' it is a total waste of public money . the colours are totally unsuitable for the older people that live here . ' they should put up a sign saying `` welcome to legoland '' . ' the residents ' rent , of £103 a week plus bills , has remained the same since before the refurbishments took place . one neighbour , who lives opposite redlands house and who did not wish to be named , described the building as an ' eyesore ' . she said : ' it would be great if it was for kids . if it was a nursery it would look lovely . it looked much better the way it was before they put the colour on it . ' however sue barter , who lives on redlands avenue , said she was ' not indifferent to it ' . she said : ' i can see how residents might not like it . it 's a shame it is not somewhere where more people can see it and appreciate it . but i would n't complain about it . ' hayley selway , head of housing for vale of glamorgan council said the aim of the refurbishment was to ' change the look and feel of the property and bring it into the 21st century ' . mr white said after the colourful renovations that : ' they should put up a sign saying `` welcome to legoland '' . ' she said : ' it is quite loud and vibrant . the design wo n't suit everyone 's tastes and not everybody is going to like it . ' this was about making a statement saying this is somewhere a little bit different . ' she said the vibrant colours , both internal and external , were chosen to help residents with low levels of dementia and those with sight problems . she said plans for the redevelopment were on display for residents before any construction began and no concerns were raised prior to the work starting . she said : ' it is a matter of taste . some residents rave about it . for others it is a huge departure from where they lived before but not everybody hates it . ' not impressed : mr white stands outside the newly refurbished flats where he has lived for more than 3 years .