david cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the election campaign today , and was soon told to 'f*** off back to eton ' . the tory leader , who has been criticised for a dull campaign featuring a lack of ordinary voters , embarked on a tour of the streets of alnwick to drum up support for his re-election . but he was reprimanded by one local woman for the 'name-calling ' in the campaign , while a busker with a ukulele sang : 'f*** off back to eton with all your eton chums ' . david cameron embarked on his first proper walkabout of the campaign today in alnwick , and was greeted by a man with a ukulele singing : 'f*** off back to eton ' . tory strategists had planned a low-key day while labour leader ed miliband launched his party manifesto in manchester . mr cameron has staged his first on-camera walkabout of the campaign - and was urged to avoid ' name calling ' tactics against ed miliband . in an extraordinary attack last week , defence secretary michael fallon claimed mr miliband had stabbed his brother in the back to win the labour leadership , and was now ' willing to stab the united kingdom in the back to become prime minister ' by giving up the trident missile system to secure the support of the snp . mr miliband rounded on the ' desperate smears ' by mr cameron 's ' minions ' . privately senior tories admitted the attack had backfired , and triggered fresh complaints that it detracted from positive policies on freezing rail fares and volunteering . today in alnwick in berwick-upon-tweed constituency , one woman told mr cameron : ' i do n't like the name calling in politics ... be a good boy . ' as mr cameron spoke to local voters , he was urged to avoid ' name calling ' tactics against ed miliband . despite the heckling , mr cameron was repeatedly stopped and asked to pose for selfies - a major feature of the election campaign . the tory campaign was boosted by a new poll which suggested they have pulled away a six point lead over labour . during his attempts to meet voters , the prime minister bought some sausages at turnbull 's butchers and chatted with shoppers during the 15 minute stroll . mr cameron was joined on his walkabout by tory candidate anne-marie trevelyan , who is trying to take the seat from the lib dems after incumbent sir alan beith stood down . the premier also visited the icon plastics factory in stockton south constituency , where conservative james wharton is defending a narrow 322 majority . mr cameron has been criticised for failing to engage with ordinary voters , but tory insiders rejected the accusation . they said mr cameron had been on a ' walkabout ' at barry island 's seafront in wales last week , held a ' cameron direct ' question and answer session with 150 members of the public and took part in a public hustings in his own constituency at the weekend . the tory campaign was boosted by a new poll which suggested they have pulled away a six point lead over labour . the prime minister bought some sausages at turnbull 's butchers and chatted with shoppers during the 15 minute stroll . the icm survey shows david cameron 's party on 39 per cent , ahead of labour on 33 per cent . the new poll , published by the guardian , had the liberal democrats unchanged on 8 per cent , ukip down two points on 7 per cent and the greens up three points on 7 per cent . the conservatives were up 3 per cent in the poll and labour down 2 per cent . it marks the tories ' best result in an icm poll since march 2012 , before the so-called ' omnishambles ' budget . 