as the man who brought through the likes of ryan giggs , david beckham and cristiano ronaldo , sir alex ferguson knows a thing or two about producing world-class talent . and the former manchester united boss has tipped barcelona 's brazilian star neymar to be the next man to challenge for the title of world 's best player , competing with ronaldo and lionel messi . but ferguson says the 23-year-old , who has been a star since joining barca from santos in his homeland two years ago , is still some way off . sir alex ferguson has picked neymar as the player to reach the level of lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo . neymar is the brazil captain and has been in superb form for both club and country this season . since joining barcelona neymar has been behind messi in the pecking order , but he could emerge soon . ' you 'll always look at clubs like bayern munich , barcelona , real madrid and manchester united to produce that kind of player you 're talking about , ' he told radio station siriusxm fc when asked who can rival messi and ronaldo . ' but to be honest i 'm not sure there 's one sticking out at the moment . the boy neymar gets a lot of publicity about the potential he 's got , but i think that 's still to be seen , still to be fulfilled . ' certainly , most people i speak to speak highly of the boy . when i had anderson at united , he spoke volumes about the boy 's ability . ' so hopefully he 'll be the next one who 'll produce the type of talent we see in messi and ronaldo . ' ferguson insisted that there is no standout player capable of rivaling messi or ronaldo at the moment . the two stars are undisputedly the top two players in world football , sharing the last seven ballon d'ors . the premier league 's most successful ever manager also backed real madrid boss carlo ancelotti , and revealed that the italian reached out to ferguson 's son , darren , when he was sacked by peterborough in february . ' carlo is a top man , ' said ferguson . ' i was over at the real madrid game with schalke and he was fantastic . ' he came up and he knew darren had lost his job at peterborough and said `` why does n't darren come and spend a few days at real madrid training ? it will do him the world of good '' . ' he was fantastic . i ca n't say enough about that man . he is top drawer - a fantastic human being and a great coach . ' carlo is one of the best coaches i 've ever come across and one of my biggest opponents , so i would n't worry about his future , that 's for sure . ' 