scientists say they have found 50 galaxies that may contain intelligent alien races . these galaxies were found to be emitting ‘ unusually high’ levels of radiation - possibly indicating ‘ the presence of a highly advanced civilisation . ’ within these galaxies , the researchers said it was possible that an alien race could be harnessing the power of the stars - emitting huge amounts of noticeable heat in the process . pennsylvania scientists have found evidence that we may not be alone . they found 50 galaxies emitting unusually high levels of radiation . this could be because aliens are harnessing the power of stars . however , further research is needed to confirm that is the case . shown is arp 220 , one promising galaxy candidate . the study was led by dr jason wright from the center for exoplanets and habitable worlds at penn state university in pennsylvania . the glimpsing heat from alien technologies survey ( g-hat ) , published in the astrophysical journal , details how the team thought they might see the infrared signature of a race far more advanced than ours . a proposed method for harnessing the power of an entire star is known as a dyson sphere . first proposed by theoretical physicist freeman dyson in 1960 , this would be a swarm of satellites that surrounds a star . they could be an enclosed shell , or spacecraft spread out to gather its energy - known as a dyson swarm . if such structures do exist , they would emit huge amounts of noticeable infrared radiation back on earth . but as of yet , such a structure has not been detected . source : all about space magazine . ‘ the idea behind our research is that , if an entire galaxy had been colonised by an advanced spacefaring civilisation , the energy produced by that civilisation 's technologies would be detectable in mid-infrared wavelengths , ’ said dr wright . the energy used by such a race to be noticeable would have to be huge - likely harnessing the power of a galaxy’s stars . but dr wright said that ‘ fundamental thermodynamics tells us that this energy must be radiated away as heat in the mid-infrared wavelengths’ . this would make them noticeable to nasa 's wise telescope , used in the study . the researchers picked out 100,000 galaxies of interest , and found that 50 of them were emitting ‘ unusually high levels of mid-infrared radiation . ’ ‘ our follow-up studies of those galaxies may reveal if the origin of their radiation results from natural astronomical processes , or if it could indicate the presence of a highly advanced civilization , ’ said dr wright . a proposed method for harnessing the power of an entire star is known as a dyson sphere ( artist 's impression shown ) . first proposed by theoretical physicist freeman dyson in 1960 , this would be a swarm of satellites that surrounds a star to gather its energy . the findings were made using nasa’s orbiting wide-field infrared survey explorer ( wise ) telescope ( artist 's illustration shown ) . this telescope is perfect for detecting mid-infrared radiation that an advanced alien race might be emitting . however , talking to mailonline , dr wright noted that the findings were not a sure-fire sign of alien life . the observations could simply be due to natural phenomena , such as dust and star formation . he said , including the 50 galaxies , none of the 100,000 were found ‘ with more than 85 per cent of their light being used by alien industry . ’ however , it’s possible that some galaxies do harbour advanced alien life - but they are emitting less energy than we can currently detect . ‘ the harder we look and the longer we work , the better our detection limit will be , and the less energy a galaxy-spanning civilization would need to use for us to discover it , ’ he added . another possibility , of course , is that such civilisations simply don’t exist . but dr wright and his colleagues will be hoping that is not the case - and they are continuing to study galaxies for signs that we are not alone . the glimpsing heat from alien technologies survey ( g-hat ) , published in the astrophysical journal , details how the team thought they might see the infrared signature of a race far more advanced than ours . none have been confirmed yet - but the signs so far could be considered promising .