they are one of the world 's most famous couples - and have quickly gained respect among the fashion elite . and now , one esteemed designer has revealed why kim kardashian and kanye west have the midas touch . olivier rousteing has revealed that he chose kim and kanye to star in balmain 's latest campaign because they ' represent a family for the new world ' . scroll down for video . fashion 's most well-connected designer , olivier rousteing , has revealed why he snapped kim kardashian and kanye west up to front his balmain campaign . the 29-year-old creative director has revealed he was inspired to feature the couple - who have a 22-month-old daughter north - in the label 's spring/summer 2015 men 's campaign . the french designer , who recruited the loved-up couple for his army of lovers campaign , says they are ' among the most talked-about people ' and embody the idea of a modern family . speaking to instyle magazine , he said : ' when i was young , i never had a reference of a mixed-ethnicity couple . ' today they are among the most talked-about people , and north is one of the most beautiful babies on the planet . they represent a family for the new world . ' speaking about his choice of campaign stars , rousteing said : ' when i was young , i never had a reference of a mixed-ethnicity couple ' . kanye west kim kardashian rocking balmain at the bet honors 2015 at warner theatre in january . the 29-year-old creative director says he snapped up the duo , seen wearing his designs , because they are ' among the most talked-about people ' and embody the idea of a modern family . olivier - who regularly dresses kim , 34 , and her siblings for the red carpet - explained that when kendall jenner and kim wear his clothes , they look like a ' fashion army ' . the whole family seem enamoured with rousteing 's designs and kim and kanye often sport matching outfits by the french fashion house . kim and kanye this week made trips to france and armenia with their daughter , north west . the trip to the religious mecca reportedly included north being baptised in the country where her late father 's side of the family originated from . kim kardashian , kanye west and north visit the geghard monastery in armenia and take in the sights . kim , kanye and north have become a fashionable family . pictured here with alia wang , aimie wang and nicki minaj at the alexander wang show in february 2014 .  