healing : mothers have reported powerful properting from eating their placenta . pictured : a smoothie . there is a tall glass of something very red and rather alarming on the kitchen counter when i meet kathryn beale at her three-bedroom home in swindon . more scary still , she appears to be drinking it . fortunately it soon becomes clear that my suspicions are unwarranted , as the substance in the tumbler is nothing more troubling than plain old fruit juice . but i am here because kathryn is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff , and one very disconcerting product in particular . the 41-year-old mother-of-two is part of a rapidly growing cottage industry that prepares fresh placenta for new mothers . along with some 60 other specialists in this country , she whizzes it into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for women convinced of its health benefits . mothers have reported powerful healing properties , saying that eating their own placenta ( the blood-filled organ that supports the foetus in the womb ) has helped to increase their milk supply , reduce post-natal bleeding , stabilise blood pressure , and , crucially , provide them with more energy to care for their babies . celebrities who have eaten their own placentas include hollywood actresses january jones and alicia silverstone and atomic kitten singer natasha hamilton . kathryn has had no reported cases of food poisoning among her clients . nor , for that matter , has any other practitioner in the 70-strong independent placenta encapsulation network ( ipen ) , of which kathryn is a member . ipen estimates that between 4,000 and 5,000 women have used the service since it started in 2010 , the majority in britain . yet kathryn is in despair , having found herself at the centre of a storm which could not only destroy her own business , but help put an end to placenta-eating across the country . scroll down for video . natural : kathryn beale whizzes plcenta into smoothies or into pills for women convinced of its health benefits . swindon council is claiming that her services pose a danger to the mothers she is trying to help , and are taking her to court saying they want to stop her from trading . they have already taken half her essential kit , including a grinder and a pill-maker , meaning she can no longer provide her service . she said : ‘ it does seem like a witch-hunt . why should they be doing everything they can to stop me providing a service which i believe helps new mothers ? yes , some people might be squeamish about it , but that doesn’t give the council the right to just close me down . ’ ipen director lynnea shrief lost her court battle against dacorum council in hertfordshire last year . she believes the legal action is part of a national move to shut down the industry . three other ipen businesses have also faced opposition from local authorities . benefits : mothers say eating placenta has helped to increase their milk supply and reduce post-natal bleeding . pictured : placenta capsules . it was in march that the council took action against kathryn . health bosses claimed that dangerous microbes would multiply while the placenta was being processed in her kitchen – with the risk of poisoning the mother . last month , swindon failed to convince a magistrate to grant a hygiene emergency prohibition order against kathryn , who contested the order . despite noting her various food-safety certificates , and failing to advise how she might satisfy their health risk concerns , the council is trying again and she will re-appear in court in may . kathryn says of the council’s inspection : ‘ it was clear they didn’t know how a maternity ward works . they had the impression that placentas were just falling out of women all over the floor and being put into buckets with other placentas . it’s just not the case . ’ kathryn provides her clients – mostly well-educated , professional women – with a large zip-lock bag into which the placenta is placed . the bagged organ is then put into a large leak-proof plastic box , which goes into a cool bag packed with ice packs ready for kathryn to collect . celebrities who have eaten their own placentas include mad men star january jones ( left ) and atomic kitten singer natasha hamilton ( right ) . if the mother has requested a £20 placenta smoothie at the birth , kathryn blends some with fruit and apple juice using a hand-held blender . she takes the remainder home and either steams the organ with lemon , ginger and green chilli , or dries slices of placenta in a dehydrator before grinding the pieces into a powder which she makes into capsules . this service costs £150 . kathryn , a former primary school teacher turned birth ‘doula’ – a non-medical supporter for expectant mothers – became interested in placenta consumption after watching chef hugh fearnley-whittingstall flambee one on tv . she added placenta processing to her birth doula business in march 2013 after a day-long ipen training course . she obtained certificates in food safety for manufacturing , infection control , and haccp , a food safety management system . a swindon council spokesman said : ‘ preparation of foodstuffs using human placenta in this way can present a number of potentially serious health risks to those who consume them . we are legally obliged to investigate and take whatever steps are necessary to protect consumers . ’ a key genetic mutation could explain why some children who catch flu are left fighting for their lives in hospital – while others just need a day or two in bed . scientists discovered the mutation after studying a two-year-old french girl who nearly died from the flu . they found she was particularly vulnerable because she had inherited a rare double genetic mutation from both of her parents which meant she was unable to produce a protein called interferon . interferon , which is commercially available , helps the immune system attack flu and could now be used to save young victims . professor jean-laurent casanova , from the imagine institute of genetic diseases in paris , and the st giles laboratory of human genetics of infectious disease at rockefeller university in the us , said : ‘ this finding suggests that one could treat severe childhood flu with interferon . ’ the girl , who was critically ill with flu in 2011 , has not had the virus since , after being vaccinated annually . the researchers’ findings have been published in the journal science . 