george osborne today brushed off labour 's class war attacks , mocking harriet harman on live television over the fact they both went to the same private school . challenged about claims senior tories are ' posh boys ' , ms harman , labour 's deputy leader , insisted they were only ' standing up for people at the top ' . but sharing a breakfast tv sofa with her was mr osborne , who said that as they both went to st paul 's school in london , ' the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin ' . scroll down for video . labour 's deputy leader harriet harman and tory chancellor george osborne , who both went to the same school , shared a sofa on the tv this morning . in the 1980s , mr osborne attended st paul 's school for boys , where a place for a pupil boarding costs now £10,800-a-year . ms harman went to st paul 's girls school in the 1960s . in the 1980s , mr osborne attended st paul 's school for boys , where a place for a pupil boarding costs £10,800-a-year . ms harman , who went to st paul 's girls school in the 1960s , has repeatedly accused the tories of being ' completely out of touch ' . she has previously faced the wrath of labour backbenchers when she sent her son and daughter to selective grammar schools . appearing on bbc one 's andrew marr show , ms harman complained about tory attacks on ed miliband that he ' stabbed his brother in the back ' for the labour leadership . host andrew marr asked : ' is that somehow worse than accusing george osborne and david cameron of being ' posh boys ' ? is there any difference really ? ' challenged about claims senior tories are ' posh boys ' , ms harman , labour 's deputy leader , insisted they were only ' standing up for people at the top ' . ms harman did not resile from the class-based attacks , and added : ' well i think we 're saying they 're standing up for people at the top and everybody else has been suffering and the recovery has n't reached people . ' but that is quite different from saying that as prime minister ed miliband would stab this country in the back . ' but sitting barely three feet away on the couch , mr osborne shot back : ' well harriet and i went to the same school , so the posh boy attack always sounds a bit thin when coming from her . ' but the point i 'd make is we 've got a really positive vision for this country and actually i 've found this campaign enormously energising and exciting . ' and i go round the country - people are switched on , people do care about this country 's future . ' ms harman attacked the tories over their commitment to spend an extra £8billion on the nhs , insisting it was ' absolutely illusory ' . earlier ms harman said conservative plans for ' extreme ' spending cuts would inevitably mean further cutbacks to health . ' the reality is that the spending programme that they have put forward is a threat to cut the nhs . it is absolutely illusory . ' i do n't think that people will believe it anyway . people know that they find it harder to see their gp since the tories came into government , they know that they wait longer in accident and emergency and that waiting lists are starting to grow . ' mr osborne insisted , however , that the conservatives had shown in government that they were able to make the savings necessary to deliver additional funding for the nhs . ' we have a balanced plan to grow our economy , to make savings in government including in welfare to fund our nhs each and every year , ' he said . ' we have to make similar savings each year that we have made for five years of this parliament but for two years . ' we have a track record in this parliament where we found almost £8 billion extra in real terms for the national health service in very , very difficult economic circumstances so we have proved our mettle , we have proved our ability to stand behind the national health service in this parliament . we can do it in the next . '