if the borussia dortmund players had been shocked by wednesday 's news that manager jurgen klopp will quit the club at the end of the season , they showed no sign that it had affected them on saturday . henrikh mkhitaryan , pierre-emerick aubameyang and shinji kagawa were on target as dortmund returned to winning ways with a comfortable victory against relegation-threatened paderborn at signal iduna park . the win moved last season 's bundesliga runners-up to eighth in the table and leaves them with a realistic chance of qualifying for europe , which would be a remarkable achievement for a club that was flirting with relegation themselves earlier in the year . pierre-emerick aubameyang makes it 2-0 to dortmund as the home side cruised to victory against paderborn . aubameyang celebrates with his trademark front flip after doubling the home side 's lead . gabon international aubameyang wheels away in celebration after giving dortmund a two-goal cushion . borussia dortmund ( 4-2-3-1 ) : weidenfeller ; durm , sokratis , hummels , schmelzer ( dudziak 82 ) ; gundogan , ginter ; blaszczykowski ( kampl 75 ) , kagawa , mkhitaryan ; aubameyang ( immobile 85 ) . subs not used : jojic , ramos , langerak , narey , scorer ( s ) : mkhitaryan 48 , aubameyang 55 , kagawa 80 . booked : hummels . manager : jurgen klopp . paderborn ( 4-4-2 ) : kruse ; heinloth , rafa , hunemeier ( ziegler 82 ) , hartherz ; koc , vrancic , bakalorz , ouali ( rupp 57 ) ; lakic ( vucinovic 72 ) , kachunga . subs not used : kutschke , strohdiek , bruckner , luck . manager : andré breitenreiter . referee : f brych . much of the pre-amble to this fixture understandably centred on klopp 's surprise announcement - coming at a press conference on wednesday - but dortmund are slowly creeping back up the table and with victory here moved to within three points of sixth-place augsburg . dortmund had lost their two previous bundesliga matches against borrusia monchengladbach and bayern munich and , after being held by the visitors for the opening 45 minutes , cruised to victory with plenty to spare . after a frustrating opening 45 the hosts had to wait just three minutes after the interval before taking the lead . aubameyang delivered a perfect cross from theright and armenia international mkhitaryan powered a near post header past lukas kruse . dortmund , clearly wary of their poor defensive record this season , continued to press and increased their advantage just eight minutes later when aubameyang got his name on the scoresheet after providing the first . the win came three days after manager jurgen klopp announced he will quit the club in the summer . a borussia dortmund fan holds up a sign thanking klopp for his achievements in the last seven years . the home crowd paid tribute to their soon-to-be departing manager who twice led them to bundesliga glory . the gabon striker calmly finished over the on-rushing kruse after the ball broke for him in the penalty following paderborn 's failure to deal with a cross . the visitors stunned klopp 's side by coming from two down in the reverse fixture earlier this season to earn a point , but there was to be no repeat this time around . former manchester united midfielder kagawa made absolutely sure of that when he latched on to mkhitaryan 's ball with 10 minutes to play before escaping a challenge and firing past kruse to complete a routine win . henrikh mkhitaryan heads the home side in front just three minutes after half-time at signal iduna park . paderborn goalkeeper lukas kruse fails to keep mkhitaryan 's header out at his near post . the armenia international is mobbed by his team-mates after giving dortmund a second-half lead .