kellie maloney has left hospital after completing her sex change and said : ' i am proud to be the woman i should 've always been ' . transsexual kellie , formerly boxing promoter frank maloney , started the process to change gender two years ago and underwent her final surgery last week . the twice-married 61-year-old was expected to stay in hospital for 10 days , but has been released four days early . she now faces a further six weeks recuperation period at her home in kent with children sophie , 20 , and libby , 14 , and may also go to europe for some spring sunshine to help her heal . scroll down for video . recovery : kellie maloney had tweeted these pictures of herself after leaving hospital after her final sex change operation . message : after her release from hospital kellie sent this tweet on what was also international transgender day of visibility . she was seen leaving the private nuffield heath hospital in brighton - which was also the international transgender day of visibility . she wrote on instagram : ' i am proud of who i am on this transgender day of visibility . but more important i am just proud to be the woman and human being i should always been . ' i stand alongside my sisters asking the world to show us respected . ' this morning she tweeted : ' first night at home not feeling to bad still very sore and got pain but in good health ' . the gruelling transition process has included hormone therapy , electrolysis to remove excess body hair , counselling and voice coaching . she also underwent surgery in november last year to make her face appear more feminine - a process which went drastically wrong when she stopped breathing . the procedure left ms maloney , who has three children from two marriages , with a severely swollen face and the former promoter revealed that she thought her head would ' explode ' after the agonising surgery . she had been due to have her final surgery in january but due to the previous complications it was delayed . as a boxing promoter she helped lennox lewis to become world heavyweight champion . getting ready : kellie maloney went on a fitness regime before her sex change operation ( pictured ) and six days on from the procedure she has left hospital and is recovering at home . her highly successful career , which spanned more than 30 years , saw her manage five boxers to world titles as well as many more british , european and commonwealth champions . before the final countdown to her last operation , ms maloney revealed she was hitting the gym hard to make sure she was in optimum health for the procedure . on march 14 , she tweeted : ' one last week of hard gym sessions set myself a target of 4lbs to lose be4 going in to hospital and getting my bmi down by 2 per cent more . ' last year she shocked the macho world of boxing by announcing her decision to change her sex and live as a woman . ahead of her surgery , kellie told lorraine kelly that she wanted to have her nose made slightly smaller . ' my youngest daughter told me my nostrils were too big , ' she said . i was always concerned about my chin but they tell me it 's within the female parameters and the gender doctor can do the full operation , hopefully , and breasts in january . ' success : her highly successful career , which spanned more than 30 years , saw her manage five boxers to world titles as well as many more british , european and commonwealth champions . kellie maloney , pictured last year , completed her sex change with a final four-hour operation . she added : ' i am living really well now , i am pleased that the public are really good to me and my daughters are great . the operation will be the final piece of the jigsaw , then i can start living my life properly . ' most of my friends are retiring but i am living life all over again . ' kellie is also sharing her story and supporting others within her support group , talking at events and helping other transgender people . she even revealed that she 's toying with the idea of getting back into boxing to prove that women can do it too . ' at least it will stop me shopping , ' she said . 