reigning man of steel daryl clark will be aiming to sink his home-town club when castleford visit struggling warrington as part of a full first utility super league programme on easter monday . the england hooker left the tigers at the end of last season and , despite the switch , he has kept a close eye on events at his old club . ' it was the only team i played for coming through as a youngster so it 'll feel a bit different being on the other side , ' said clark , who is expected to recover from a busted nose sustained in thursday 's defeat at widnes to maintain his ever-present record for the wolves . ' i still look out for their results to see how they 're going and i hope they do well . daryl clark is ready to take on his former team-mates at castleford tigers , his boyhood club . ' i 've seen their games and highlights on tv and they 're probably a bit like us . they 've put a few good performances together and got some good wins but they 've been poor in other games . ' i 'm not too sure what the reception for me will be , i 'll have to wait and see . ' warrington coach tony smith , who persuaded owner simon moran to fork out â£185,000 to buy the hooker out of his contract with the tigers last summer , believes the player deserves a good reception from the visiting fans . ' he was super for them , he gave everything he had , ' smith said . ' i do n't think there should be any resentment towards him . ' he was going to be lost to that club any way and the coffers that were earned from him has probably allowed them to survive a bit longer and in a much better state than they would have been otherwise . reigning man of steel clark will lead the way for warrington wolves as they try to end a three game losing run . ' so they should be very grateful for his talent and hope that one day he comes home to them at the end of his career . but in the meantime i think he 's got a bright future with us . ' warrington have won their last five home games against castleford but they have dropped to seventh place after suffering a third consecutive defeat at widnes , who have drawn the short straw over easter with a trip to perpignan as they seek a their first-ever win over catalans dragons . vikings coach denis betts has made no apology for ringing the changes , as he rests a host of regulars , including skipper kevin brown , his half-back partner joe mellor and full-back rhys hanbury . ' it will be a completely different side , ' betts said . ' three games in eight days is atrocious when you look at what we 've gone through . what happens over this easter period could affect us for 10 weeks . flashback : clark says he still keenly follows the fortunes of the tigers and hopes they do well . ' i 've got to use the squad and give others opportunities . danny craven and tom gilmore will play and grant gore will come into the side . it gives them an opportunity to show what they can do . ' we 'll go over there with a load of desire and purpose . those lads have known all week they 're going to play . ' champions st helens will also be much changed as they look to avoid a third successive defeat when hull visit langtree park for the steve prescott cup . saints coach keiron cunningham has called up youngsters jack ashworth , ricky bailey , olly davies and lewis charnock after paul wellens and joe greenwood joined his side 's lengthening injury list following the defeat at wigan . former bradford full-back curtis naughton earns his first call-up for hull , who also have former st helens hooker stuart howarth in their squad . it is fourth against third at the aj bell stadium where salford will aim to continue their impressive run against a wigan side on a high from their derby triumph over saints . salford , who are aiming to halt a 17-match losing run against the warriors , are without full-back kevin locke after he was concussed in the win at huddersfield , while wigan coach shaun wane rests joel tomkins and dom manfredi and recalls matty bowen at full-back . leeds expect to have skipper kevin sinfield back from a three-game absence in the top-versus- bottom clash against wakefield , who are struggling to raise a team , according to coach james webster . the wildcats , who have not won at headingley since 2007 , were without 12 senior players for their recent game at wigan and , although three returned for thursday 's home defeat by catalans dragons , their injury worries worsened , with centre dean collis among the latest casualties after undergoing emergency surgery for a ruptured testicle . ' we picked up another three or four injuries , ' webster said . ' has a club ever not fielded a team ? we 're close to that situation . monday 's going to be a hard job for us , mentally and physically . ' in monday 's other game , hull kr hooker shaun lunt will face his parent club after huddersfield raised no objections following his loan move to craven park .