a catholic priest has told his parishioners to carry guns - warning that faith alone is not enough to keep them safe . edward fride , the pastor at christ the king in ann arbor , michigan , suggested churchgoers attend classes to gain a concealed pistol license . in a pro-gun letter to parishioners , he warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a ‘ significant reduction in the availability of an armed police response . ’ edward fride ( pictured ) , the pastor at christ the king church in ann arbor , has told parishioners to carry guns . he is pictured right in front of a target at a range wearing protective glasses . after highlighting mass killings at schools across the us , he wrote that police were supportive of ‘ doing what is necessary to adequately protect our families and our homes . ’ his letter was called ‘we’re not in mayberry anymore , toto’ in a reference to the andy griffith show set in a north carolina town in the 1960s . according to the detroit free press , he wrote : ‘ it is very common for christians to simply assume that they live in mayberry , trusting that because they know the lord jesus , everything will always be fine and nothing bad can happen to them and their families . ‘ how to balance faith , reality , prudence , and trust is one of those critical questions that we struggle with all our lives . pretending we are in mayberry , while we are clearly not , can have very negative consequences for ourselves and those we love , especially those we have a responsibility to protect . if we are not in mayberry , is there a real threat ? ’ the newspaper reports that the priest informed parishioners about the cpl lessons during palm sunday mass and sent out the letter when some people questioned the idea . a bulletin on the church’s website offers parishioners ' eight hour ' cpl classes , which include instruction from law enforcement personnel , time on a range and use of guns and ammunition . it says that the cost is $ 125 per person and urges parishioners to register early as class sizes aer limited . edward fride , pictured next to a cut-out of the pope , warned that crime had gone up in the area while budget cuts meant that there had been a ' reduction in the availability of an armed police response’ . edward fride posted this picture on his facebook page along with the caption , ' maybe i should get some of these - the way this day has been going , the zombies are bound to attack at sundown ... . ' edward fride is the pastor at christ the king catholic church ( pictured ) in ann arbor , michigan . rev fride points out in his mayberry letter that he was once a pacifist and had been a conscientious objector during the vietnam war . but after converting to catholicism , he said he moved away from pacifism and questioned what his own response would be if he saw a woman being ' beaten or sexually assaulted , or somebody attacking kids . ' he wrote : ' i eventually concluded that i was certainly no longer a pacifist absolutist ; there were situations in which i would actively intervene , even to a lethal level if necessary . ' the free press said it had been unable to reach rev fride for comment but that a spokesman for the diocese of lansing which oversees his parish had confirmed the letter had been sent out . catholic bishop earl boyea said that guns did not belong in a catholic church while it was not appropriate to hold classes on church property , the paper reports . the statement added that bishop boyea ' has never given permission for anyone to carry a concealed weapon in a church or school in the diocese of lansing ' and that churches in the diocese were 'gun-free zones ' . 