a transgender woman killed herself after being taunted in the street for being different , an inquest heard . mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train , on november 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in carlisle , cumbria . the 36-year-old had planned a move to newcastle , where she had hoped people would be more accepting . but she changed her mind months before her death after being told she risked homelessness if she left her social housing . mikki nicholson , who was a national scrabble champion , stepped in front of a train , on november 7 last year after suffering daily verbal abuse in carlisle , cumbria . above , ms nicholson preparing for a game in 2009 . the inquest heard how she was receiving psychiatric treatment in the months before her death , and had spent time as an inpatient at the carleton clinic . above , flowers left in tribute at the crossing where she died . ms nicholson , who was once ranked as the fourth-best scrabble player in the world , was born male but identified as a woman . the inquest heard how she was receiving psychiatric treatment in the months before her death , and had spent time as an inpatient at carlisle 's carleton clinic . after she was discharged , she was supported by psychiatric nurse clive guyo . mr guyo said that she clung to the hope that her life would be improved by leaving carlisle , according to the news and star . he said : ' mikki described carlisle as being hostile to people who are different . she spoke of facing verbal abuse while walking in the streets because of how she appeared to other people . ' schoolchildren were often the worst for making fun of her and verbally abusing her . ms nicholson , pictured before the championships in 2009 , had planned a move to newcastle , where she had hoped people would be more accepting . but she changed her mind after being told she risked homelessness . ' she had a negative view of carlisle based on past experience . there 's no doubt she felt stigmatised . ' the inquest heard that ms nicholson wanted to move to newcastle , but was told she would be considered ' intentionally homeless ' if she left her carlisle flat , which was temporary housing . the classification would make it hard to find social housing elsewhere . she had no money for a deposit or to rent privately . ms nicholson , who was crowned both uk and european scrabble champion , became increasingly unhappy in the months before her death , the inquest heard . she was killed instantly when she stepped in front of a train . coroner david roberts said ms nicholson had been well supported by the psychiatric services , recording a conclusion that she had deliberately killed herself . jonathan hammond , a local resident , was on a footpath next to the line at the time of the incident and witnessed the death , according to the news and star . ms nicholson was described as ' fiercely intelligent ' . above , tributes at the crossing where she died . rebecca mellor , a close friend , said : ' mikki was fiercely intelligent . she had a vivacious character and explored her gender identity . ' she frequently felt at odds with the world because of her high level of intelligence and gender identity . ' cumbria partnership trust , who provided mikki psychiatric care , will now discuss the issue of specialist support for transgender people in cumbria as a result of this tragedy .