a teenage girl has suffered serious injuries after falling 200ft from a cliff at a campsite - in front of her horrified father . the 15-year-old girl , named locally as leah price from the nottingham area , was airlifted to hospital last night from the blue dolphin camping site near filey , north yorkshire . it is believed she lost her footing on the cliffs . a retired woman who owns a caravan near the cliff has said she heard crying and shouting before she rushed outside . tragedy : the cliffs at filey where a 15-year-old girl , named locally as leah price , fell . she was airlifted to hospital with serious injuries . police say it is believed she may have been sat on the cliff edge with a friend . she said : ' a man , who i think was her dad , was in such a hurry to get to the cliff that he flew passed our van in a great big transit van and nearly tore the corner off our van . ' i could hear crying and shouting , so i went outside to see what was happening . i could hear crying in a van , it was such a drama . ' it happened right at the back of our caravan . we back onto the field and then there is the cliff edge . we first thought that somebody had thrown themselves over . ' where she went over it was a bit of a slope whereas further up it is more of a sheer drop . ' the holidaymaker said coastguards arrived within ten minutes and there was a scene of over a dozen emergency service people on the field . she said : ' it was still daylight and we were thinking `` please find her before the light goes '' . the coastguard was shining their headlights over the cliff and a helicopter came and swept around and went to the sea . ' others were hammering things into the ground to attach ropes to . a lot of dog walkers walk on the path called cleveland way where she had been walking . ' it is a couple of feet from the path to the cliff . i do n't know why she was walking so close to the edge . i hope that this will mean they put fences up , especially where the vans are . ' camping site : the cliffs where the girl fell are near the blue dolphin holiday park in north yorkshire . her father was said to have witnessed the incident and alerted the emergency services . the coastguard has revealed that the call to emergency services was made by the girl 's father who witnessed his teenage daughter ' accidentally falling over a cliff edge ' . the incident happened before 8pm and north yorkshire police and the coastguard were dispatched to the scene within ten minutes . a lifeboat crew was also called out to the scene in filey but was not needed as the girl landed on land and not in the sea . it is not clear how the girl , who was taken to hospital in hull , came to fall from the cliff but a spokesman for north yorkshire police said it was believed she may have been sitting at the cliff edge with a friend . the force confirmed this morning that the girl was taken to hull royal infirmary with head injuries and police say she is in a critical but stable condition . the blue dolphin site is run by haven , described on its website as ' britain 's largest provider of domestic holidays with family holiday parks around the uk ' . a spokesman for the holiday park said : ' leah 's father alerted our security team immediately after his daughter 's fall from the cliff path . ' the coastguard and police , assisted by a sea king helicopter , were quickly on the scene . ' we are continuing to offer assistance to leah 's family and friends through this difficult and painful time . ' another holidaymaker who owns a van at the site said : ' i think they were on holiday here . nobody knows them so i do n't think they own a van here . ' it makes my stomach to turn over to think that somebody 's child went over the cliff . ' a north yorkshire police spokesman said this afternoon : ' we can now advise that the girl who fell from the cliff at filey on the night of april 9 is from the nottingham area . ' she remains in a critical but stable condition in hull royal infirmary . ' a spokesman for the maritime and coastguard agency said : ' the uk coastguard were contacted on thursday evening by a father who witnessed his teenage daughter accidentally falling over a cliff edge . ' coastguard rescue teams training nearby were able to get on scene within ten minutes . ' specially trained cliff technicians were able to descend to the girl and administer first aid until the coastguard rescue helicopter arrived on scene . '