the i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! franchise has taken a leap from the australian jungle to a theme park just off the a320 in chertsey , surrey . after six months of planning , on 27 march thorpe park launched the world 's first i 'm a celebrity themed maze , inspired by the hit tv show . new technology and bush tucker trials invite both young and old 'non-celebrities ' to climb through ' pipe of peril ' , crawly corridors and dark caves . scroll down for video . the new ' i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! ' maze at thorpe park resort is now open to the public . new bush tucker trials invite both young and old theme park guests to be king or queen of the jungle . the experience begins with a briefing via video from presenters ant and dec , then there are gold stars to be won , quizzes with slimey punishments and 56 mph wind to face before contestants can be crowned king or queen of the jungle . suitable for families and friends , those who venture into the undergrowth should also look out for iconic sights from the tv show including the red phone box and the ‘i’m a celebrity…get me out of here ! ’ throne . after 13 years on the small screen non-celebrities can now grab a slice of the action at the famous theme park . the new attraction has been visited by actors angela griffin and tamzin outhwaite already . boxer david haye , katie price and made in chelsea star binky felstead also attended the new maze 's opening . ' i 'm really excited but i am also a little bit scared , ' confided angela griffin . mike vallis , thorpe park 's resort divisional director , is thrilled by the themed maze . the attraction briefing via video from presenters ant and dec and the famous red phone booth features . there are gold stars to be won , quizzes with slimey punishments for wrong answers and 56 mph wind to face . he said , ' after thirteen years of watching i 'm a celebrity…get me out of here ! on the small screen , we 're delighted to offer our guests the chance to brave bush tucker trials inspired by the hit tv show – you do n't have to be a celebrity to grab a slice of the action on our island ! ' mike added , ' and the good news is that we do n't expect any of our guests to chew on a kangaroo 's less palatable parts . ' katie price and husband keiran hayler ( left ) on the grass carpet and binky felstead ( right ) at the opening . katie cosied up to some questionable creepy crawlies at the celebrity launch . boxer david haye looks hungry at the new attraction inspired by the hit itv shot in the australian jungle . actors angela griffin and tamzin outhwaite visited the new attraction . 