lord janner signed a letter saying he wanted to remain a peer just a week before he was ruled unfit to face child sex charges . abuse campaigners last night angrily questioned why the suspected paedophile was able to remain in the house of lords if he was too frail to be brought before court . the crown prosecution service has faced widespread criticism since announcing last week that janner would escape prosecution over child sex allegations because he has alzheimer’s disease . but now it has emerged that the peer was apparently well enough to sign his name in an april 9 note to lords authorities . scroll down for video . controversy : lord janner , who will not face child sex charges because he has dementia , with his daughter , rabbi laura janner-klausner . signed : the letter lord janner signed on april 9 . his signature has been redacted for privacy reasons . the former labour mp , 86 , claimed more than £100,000 in parliamentary expenses and allowances in the four years after he was diagnosed with dementia in 2009 . he has not attended the lords since detectives raided his north london home in december 2013 . last october he took a formal leave of absence from parliament , allowing him to resume his duties after giving three months’ notice . new rules which came into effect last may provide a way for peers to retire permanently while keeping their titles and certain perks . but janner requested an extension of his leave of absence instead of offering to stand down in the letter sent to a senior lords official 12 days ago . a house of lords spokesman confirmed the alleged paedophile signed the note himself , but could not confirm whether the handwriting below the signature was his . simon danczuk , the labour politician who exposed the late liberal mp cyril smith’s horrific abuse of boys , said it was not right for janner to stay in the lords yet avoid court . ‘ if you are putting yourself forward to remain a legislator , then surely you are fit enough to be tested before the law , ’ he said . ‘ if he has got a leave of absence from the lords , that implies that he may get well . why isn’t he retiring ? it makes a mockery of it all . he is bringing the house of lords into disrepute almost single-handedly . ’ the crown prosecution service faced widespread criticism after announcing that janner ( pictured ) would escape prosecution over child sex allegations because he has alzheimer’s disease . pete saunders , chief executive of the national association for people abused in childhood , added : ‘ he couldn’t have signed this letter if he was non compos mentis . ‘ but if he isn’t compos mentis , there’s no way he should be anywhere near our legislature . how can they say he’s not fit to stand trial for the most serious of crimes when he himself has argued that age should not be a barrier to prosecuting nazi war criminals ? ‘ it stinks of the establishment covering up and ensuring he doesn’t have to take the stand in public . this is a cover-up , there can be no question about it . ’ janner’s alleged victims have accused him of preying on boys at care homes around his former leicester west constituency . he was suspended by labour after the cps ruled last thursday that there was enough evidence to charge him with 22 sexual offences against children dating from 1969 to 1988 . but director of public prosecutions alison saunders said he would not be prosecuted because his deteriorating dementia means there could be no criminal conviction . allegations against the peer were first made public in 1991 during the trial of frank beck , a manager of leicester children’s homes accused of abusing more than 200 boys . after beck was jailed , many other politicians spoke out in support of janner in a commons debate led by leicestershire north west tory mp david ashby . mr ashby , 74 , who stood down from parliament in 1997 after being caught up in the major government’s sleaze scandals , appeared to repeat his backing for the peer yesterday . ‘ of course i didn’t know anything at the time , ’ he said from his home in south-west london . ‘ the man has dementia and should be left alone . ’ director of public prosecutions alison saunders said she was aware of potential links between a key aide and the lord janner 's qc son . prosecutors were forced to defend a senior legal adviser yesterday over fears of a conflict of interest in the janner case . director of public prosecutions alison saunders said she was aware of potential links between a key aide and the labour peer’s qc son . neil moore , who was based at the 23 essex street chambers where daniel janner works , was consulted by mrs saunders before she concluded not to prosecute . senior police officers have privately raised concerns with her about mr moore’s involvement in the decision-making process . but a spokesman for the uk’s top prosecutor said she made the decision alone and that mr moore informed her of the connection before any discussions took place . she said mr moore was a barrister of the highest integrity and had not spoken to mr janner for two years . the potential for a conflict of interest is unhelpful for mrs saunders as she tackles the aftermath of her controversial decision . last week it was revealed she over-ruled an expert in child abuse cases by deciding not to charge janner . eleanor laws qc recommended a ‘ trial of the facts’ in the defendant’s absence to ‘ get to the bottom of the allegations’ . a cps spokesman said : ‘ it is the dpp’s job to make these extremely difficult decisions , and that is what the dpp has done . ’ 