those wondering what the future holds for former top gear presenter richard hammond need wonder no more . the bbc co-host appears to have already launched a new career - as a documentary maker of incredibly dull things . the 45-year-old , whose top gear future has been in doubt since jeremy clarkson 's unceremonious sacking , has released his first home video on a new channel on youtube . scroll down for video . bored : richard hammond has released a video documenting his ' bored ' unemployed lifestyle - which has already been watched by 230,000 people . the film begins with a scene showing the 45-year-old lying on a wall shouting ' bored ' to himself and his dog . it comes after james may , also in the top gear presenting trio , released a series of videos showcasing his jobless life . one included a cookery demonstration on how to make a shepherd 's pie . but , if the title is anything to go by , it seems hammond is still in need of a little bit of inspiration . using the username ' richard hammond is bored ' , the presenter entitled the video ' bored ' , before publishing an edited version under the equally-inspired name of ' bored 2 ' . predictably , the description reads : ' this video is about bored ' . the amusing but mind-numbing film - which lasts for ten minutes - begins with hammond lying on top of a wall on his farm in ross-on-wye . he is seen shouting at the top of his voice - to no one except his dog - that he is ' bored ! ' the slickly-edited video then follows hammond as he drives along the m6 and country roads to buttermere in the lake district , cumbria . the film follows hammond as he takes his dog to buttermere in the lake district to learn how to herd sheep . amid scenes of the national park in all its springtime glory , the footage follows hammond as he learns from local farmers about how to look after sheep . there are also scenes of hammond feeding cows before having a pint with the farmers in the local pub , the bridge hotel . hammond also takes time out of his farming duties to sit by a lake with his dog , pensively looking out across the water . but , unlike his top gear presenting style , hammond rarely speaks during the film , sharing only a few key insights such as : ' it 's raining ' and ' what are we doing ? ' the film then ends with a cliff hanger which shows hammond releasing some of the sheep back onto his farm in wales - but realising that he has left his beloved dog behind . it follows the former top gear co-host as he drives along the m6 listening to radio , with his dog in the car . it also shows him having a few drinks in the pub . unlike his top gear presenting style , hammond rarely speaks during the film , sharing only a few key insights such as : ' it 's raining ' and ' what are we doing ? ' two hours after promoting his film via twitter , hammond thanked his fans for their comments - but said it had not abated his boredom . ' many comments on my little bored film . was briefly interested . then bored again . shall make a cutdown version next . when i can be bothered , ' he wrote . he later added : ' have made cutdown version of bored . called it bored 2 and put it on youtube on ' richard hammond is bored ' . not so bored now . ' yesterday , jeremy clarkson - who was sacked from top gear last month - revealed that hammond was spending his days trying to train his dog . he wrote : ' one of my friends , who shall remain nameless - save to say that his name begins with r and ends in ichard hammond - decided to fill his enforced leave by training his dog . the film ends with a cliff hanger which shows hammond releasing some of the sheep back onto his farm - but realising his dog is missing . in an amusing end scene , the dog is scene sitting next to the lake , worryingly looking around for her owner . ' and now , after just a couple of weeks , he reports that the dog in question hates him and hides whenever he comes into the room . ' clarkson also reflected on the perils of being unemployed , saying he has to make everything ' last for hours ' to fill the gaping chasm left by top gear . in his sunday times column , he wrote : ' we read often about people who live on benefits , and it fills us with rage that they are sitting about with a plasma television we bought , eating chocolate biscuits that are n't bloody well theirs . ' yet after a couple of weeks in the same boat ( well , all right , mine 's more of a liner ) , i 'm beginning to develop a bit of sympathy . because what the hell do they do all day to stay sane ? ' earlier this month , james may also took to youtube to share his jobless life with friends . richard hammond shared his video with his followers on twitter . it has already been watched more than 230,000 times . in a badly-lit video , the former bbc presenter gave a ' masterclass ' in making a shepherd 's pie . the cooking activity was originally selected by his twitter followers , after he gave them a list of mundane scenarios which he should be filmed doing around the house . the cooking clip talked viewers through ' ingredients , prep and kit ' , ' cooking onions and chilli ' , ' browning meat , adding indian spice ' and ' not sure ' . he had previously posted a video showing him tackling ' greensleeves ' on his recorder while struggling with a hangover – a popular piece that has thus far notched up over half-a-million views . since jeremy clarkson was sacked over the infamous ' fracas ' involving a top gear producer , there has been mounting speculation over hammond and may 's positions at the bbc . bosses are reportedly still trying to persuade the pair to continue with the show , in a bid to cling on to long-term fans . since the unceremonious sacking of jeremy clarkson , there has been mounting speculation over hammond and may 's positions at the bbc . although both hinted separately that they do not see a future with top gear , they have remained silent on the issue for the past few weeks . some believe the presenters are remaining silent while waiting for bids from rival channels , which may want to sign up the group as a trio . a source told the daily mirror : ' richard is a tv presenter and this could be his chance to become top dog - he 's been on the show a bit longer than james . that is a big opportunity to pass over . ' they added : ' it would be a great shame to lose all the talent in one go - re-booting it from scratch would be a far harder task than replacing one . ' all three were on the cusp of signing new three-year deals when the clarkson fracas unfolded . the day after clarkson 's sacking , may gave a big hint that he has no plans to return to top gear , suggesting he is to ‘ go back to normal life . ’ but bbc bosses are reportedly still trying to persuade richard hammond and james may to continue with the show , in a bid to cling onto long-term fans . the presenter admitted he was already considering what to do next with his life - and suggested he might even ditch cars to become a teacher . he said : ' i might want to do something completely different with my life , i 'm quite old now . ( i might do ) something outside of cars , i always wanted to be a teacher . ' he also seemed to confirm speculation that he would leave the top-rating programme , saying : ' we always knew it was n't going to last forever ' . but the bbc 's creative director alan yentob previously made it clear he wanted may and hammond to continue presenting the show without clarkson , despite acknowledging it would be ' perfectly natural ' for them to have reservations about continuing . he said : ' it 's perfectly natural for them . they are a team they have worked together for a very long time , they are all very attached . ' if jeremy is not in it and richard and james are , that needs to be a conversation with them as well . they need to be happy about what 's going on and where they think the programme needs to be . ' may fronts several other tv programmes , including the popular james may 's toy stories , james may 's man lab and oz and james ' big wine adventure with wine expert oz clarke . hammond has a successful career as a children’s television host , fronting the second series of national geographic 's science of stupid . he also hosted bbc1’s physical game show total wipeout and the cbbc series blast lab before they were axed . clarkson , may and hammond are scheduled to take part in the live top gear shows next month . but the shows have been renamed , without bbc branding . 