a radical change in the law to protect a generation of children from the tide of internet sleaze will be introduced if the conservatives win the election . culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography amid fears that it is corroding childhood . he promised legislation to force distributors to put effective age verification technology in place that would apply to those based in the uk as well as abroad . scroll down for video . easy access : the rising tide of online pornography is corroding children - but the tories have now pledged to a radical change in the law to protect a generation of children from the tide of internet sleaze . if porn websites fail to comply , they will be blocked by a powerful new regulator which will be able to issue financial penalties . mr javid 's pledge is a victory for the daily mail 's long-running block online porn campaign . ministers have already persuaded internet service providers to start contacting all 19million uk households connected to the web and making them choose whether to apply family-friendly filters that block all porn sites . in addition , for any new broadband users , a block on pornographic websites is automatically applied by default . customers now have to specifically ask for this filter to be removed – or to ' opt in ' – in order to able to access adult material . but mr javid said a more radical crackdown was necessary to prevent children freely accessing pornography . ' even the most attentive and engaged parents can not know for sure which websites our children are visiting and what images they 're seeing , ' the minister told the mail . ' in 2015 anyone , regardless of their age , is only ever two clicks away from the kind of material that would be kept well away from young eyes in the high street . ' imagine a 12-year-old-boy being allowed to walk into a sex shop and leave with a dvd showing graphic , violent sexual intercourse and the subjugation of women , ' he said . ' yet each and every day children right across our country are being exposed to such images – it 's happening online . ' mr javid , who is increasingly tipped as a potential future conservative leader , cited evidence that viewing hardcore porn can lead to children ' pressuring each other to try out things they 've seen , and sharing inappropriate sexual pictures and videos ' . ' it is because of these types of concerns that we have long restricted and regulated adult content in the offline world – magazines , tv , dvds or video-on-demand content . ' such protections are taken for granted , and , as the daily mail has argued for years , it 's time our approach to the online world caught up . ' mr javid said if the tories win next month ' we will legislate to put online hardcore pornography behind effective age verification controls ' . ' if websites showing adult content do n't have proper age controls in place – ones that will stop children looking at this kind of material – they should and will be blocked altogether , ' he added . an independent regulator will oversee the new system and determine how age verification controls will work . these are likely to involve similar software in place on gambling websites , which use credit card details or software to check passport details or driving licences to confirm users are over 18 . mr javid 's pledge is a victory for the daily mail 's block online porn campaign . the regulator will also be given the power to require uk service providers to block specific websites identified as distributing hardcore pornography without effective age verification controls in place . it will have the power to issue targeted sanctions , including financial penalties . mr javid added : ' it is right that we have the same rules applying online as we do offline . if we fail to take action , there is every chance the sort of things children see on these websites will be considered ' normal ' by the next generation . that is not the sort of society i want to see and certainly not the sort of society i want my children to live in . ' sarah green , of the end violence against women coalition , said the group ' warmly welcomed ' the proposals . peter wanless , of the nspcc , said : ' we do n't want children to learn about sex and relationships through the warped lens of adult pornography . ' this week we warned that ten per cent of children aged 12 and 13 were addicted to porn and one in eight had taken part in a sexually explicit video . any action that makes it more difficult for young people to find this material is to be welcomed . ' it 's time to protect children online . by sajid javid , culture & media secretary , writing exclusively for mailonline . imagine a 12-year-old-boy being allowed to walk into a sex shop and leave with a dvd showing graphic , violent sexual intercourse and the subjugation of women . you would , quite rightly , ask whether society should allow such a young mind to view hard-core pornography . i’m sure we’d all agree that the answer would be an emphatic “no” . yet each and every day children right across our country are being exposed to such images . and it’s happening online . the internet has been an amazing force for good in so many ways . but it also brings new threats and challenges for us to contend with . i’m a father of four young children and i know all too well that the online world can be a worrying place for mums and dads . after all , even the most attentive and engaged parents can not know for sure which websites our children are visiting and what images they’re seeing . culture and media secretary sajid javid is setting out plans to shield youngsters from easy access to hardcore online pornography . in 2015 anyone , regardless of their age , is only ever two clicks away from the kind of material that would be kept well away from young eyes in the high street . and allowing young people to access pornography carries alarming consequences both for individuals and for society . it can lead to children pressuring each other to try out things they’ve seen online , and sharing inappropriate sexual pictures and videos . and it can lead to children having unhealthy attitudes towards sex and relationships . it is because of these types of concerns that we have long restricted and regulated adult content in the offline world – whether that is magazines , tv programmes , dvds or video-on-demand content . such protections are taken for granted , and , as the daily mail has argued for years , it’s time our approach to the online world caught up . so today we are announcing that , if the conservatives win the next general election , we will legislate to put online hard-core pornography behind effective age verification controls . of course adults should be perfectly free to look at these sites . but if websites showing adult content don’t have proper age controls in place – ones that will stop children looking at this kind of material – they should and will be blocked altogether . no sex shop on the high street would be allowed to remain open if it knowingly sold pornography to underage customers , and there is no reason why the internet should be any different . an independent regulator will oversee this new system . it will determine , in conjunction with websites , how age verification controls will work and how websites that do not put them in place will be blocked . one thing is absolutely clear : the conservative party’s commitment to child safety online . for the past five years we have been working with industry on a voluntary basis , an approach that led to the creation of default-on family filters . but filtering is just one way in which we can keep our children safe online . now we can – and must – go further to give our children the best start in life . there will be some who say that this exercise is futile , that websites and children alike will find ways to get around this law . and i agree that there are always people who try to avoid legal restrictions . but we must not let the best be the enemy of the good . it is right that we act now and do what we can to restrict this content . it is right that we have the same rules applying online as we do offline . and it is right that we do everything we can to protect our children . if we fail to take action , there is every chance that the sort of things children see on these websites will be considered ‘normal’ by the next generation . that is not the sort of society i want to see and it’s certainly not the sort of society i want my children to live in . over time britain’s laws have evolved to reflect our most deeply held values and beliefs , and the protection of children has long been a sacrosanct principle at the heart of that . i don’t believe that we should abandon such an important principle simply because the latest threat to our young people comes from a technology that also brings incredible benefits . there is a choice at this election , and it is between a party which backs families wants to give children the best start in life , and a chaotic labour party with no plan . we are clear : adults should and will be free to view legal content , but we would never stand by and allow that 12-year-old boy to buy hardcore pornography from a sex shop . it’s time to make sure our children are just as well protected online as they are on the high street .  