leeds midfielder rudi austin was sent off in the first half as blackburn warmed up for wednesday 's home fa cup quarter-final replay against liverpool with a 3-0 win . austin saw red in the 39th minute for elbowing ben marshall off the ball and though leeds resisted strongly until just after the hour mark , second-half goals by tom cairney , jordan rhodes and jay spearing settled the match . rovers extended their unbeaten away run to six matches while leeds ' five-game undefeated sequence came to an end . blackburn players celebrate after scoring the third in their 3-0 victory over leeds united . tom cairney ( right ) opened the scoring for blackburn rovers against leeds united at elland road . leeds : silvestri , wootton ( antenucci 66 ' ) , bellusci , bamba , berardi ( cooper 66 ' ) , austin , murphy , byram , mowatt , charlie taylor , morison ( sharp 86 ' ) subs not used : stuart taylor , dawson , doukara , philips . booked : antenucci , murphy , charlie taylor . sent off : austin . blackburn : raya , henley ( paul taylor 59 ' ) , baptiste , kilgallon , olsson , cairney , spearing , williamson , marshall , rhodes , gestede ( brown 64 ' ( o'sullivan 81 ' ) ) subs not used : spurr , lenihan , steele , evans . booked : henley , taylor . goals : cairney 62 ' rhodes 69 ' spearing 80 ' . referee : gary sutton . attendance : 25,293 . austin , back in the leeds side after a five-match absence , was shown a straight red card after referee gary sutton was called over by a linesman who had spotted the offence on former stoke and leicester winger marshall in the right corner . leeds fans voiced their wholehearted backing for head coach neil redfearn and his sacked assistant steve thompson . loud chants of ' there 's only one neil redfearn ' and ' there 's only one steve thompson ' rang out around the ground soon after the start . just two days earlier , redfearn angrily said he was considering his future after thompson was mysteriously suspended for the remainder of the season and told his contract would not be renewed . thompson was informed of his suspension by leeds ' football director nicola salerno , who is believed to be considering his own position . blackburn , who had 19-year-old spanish keeper david raya on debut , withstood early pressure before almost taking a 13th-minute lead when rhodes shot against the bar and marshall fired the rebound into the side-netting . jordan rhodes nets the second for blackburn rovers against leeds united . rhodes then produced a neat turn but shot over from eight yards and when austin had leeds ' best chance so far , he nodded charlie taylor 's cross over the bar before leaving leeds to battle on with 10 men . raya had been largely untested on his debut , his only first-half save keeping out sam byram 's acute angled shot , but leeds keeper marco silvestri had to pull off a desperate stop from rudy gestede at point-blank range in the 49th minute . rovers had struggled to make their numerical advantage count as leeds employed tight marking , with strikers rhodes and gestede starved of clear-cut opportunities , but two goals in a seven-minute spell turned the game rovers ' way . the breakthrough arrived in the 62nd minute . lee williamson 's long pass down the right found gestede who gave giuseppe bellusci the slip before cairney shot powerfully past silvestri . gestede limped off to be replaced by chris brown in the 64th minute and a minute later marshall 's long-distance shot smacked against a post . leeds were rocking and they conceded again in the 69th minute . cairney picked out brown , whose accurate cross left the unmarked rhodes the simple task of heading home for his 17th goal of the season .  fans hold up never forgotten posters in memory of leeds fans chris loftus and kevin speight . then , in the 80th minute , bellusci allowed spearing time and room to drill in the third .                         