steve clarke sprang up and pumped the air with his fist . all of a sudden , there was a little extra bounce in his box-fresh training shoes and a fire in his belly burned a little more fiercely . as a chelsea player and coach , clarke has fought hard across the capital with arsenal over the years but through the first-half at wembley , his reading team struggled to match their illustrious opponents . they were flat . they backed off and defended , and offered a little too much respect to the team with the best form in the barclays premier league since the turn of the year . steve clarke applauds fans after his reading side were narrowly beaten by arsenal at wembley stadium . arsenal have been irresistible since they improved at the back and supplied a stronger base for the flair of their many attacking stars to perform upon . mesut ozil and alexis sanchez , bought for a total of more than £70million , combined to open the scoring . what could reading do with that sort of money ? ozil and sanchez swaggered down the tunnel for the start of the second-half , deep in conversation , planning more damage but reading stirred , found an equaliser and were able to add urgency to their game . clarke sprang up and threw a punch of delight into the air on the touchline . his team were back in the contest and they contributed to a thrilling fa cup semi-final . it was their first since 1927 , so it would have been a shame to go home without a fight . as for clarke , this must have felt good . he has been away from the cut-and-thrust of football’s elite since he was sacked by west brom , but here he detected an fa cup final as wojciech szczesny was unable to keep out a deflected volley from garath mccleary . the reading boss won the fa cup with chelsea in 1994 , a game he considers a defining moment in the history of the west london club . reading 's garath mccleary ( bottom right ) celebrates after scoring a shock equaliser against arsenal . but adam federici 's goalkeeping error enabled arsenal to regain the lead in extra time . clarke consoles his dejected keeper following the full-time whistle at wembley . they barely looked back and were tightening their grip on a fourth barclays premier league title as reading took arsenal in extra-time . for all their quality , arsene wenger’s team still have vulnerabilities . clarke , having learned much at the shoulder of jose mourinho , will have been aware of that . he will have been disappointed with the first-half display but hugely proud of their response and the desire they showed . in the end , reading were unable to wreck arsenal’s defence of the trophy or wenger’s drive towards becoming only the second manager in history to win it six times , after george ramsay with aston villa , all prior to 1920 . but , as clarke goes back to the championship and a home game against birmingham , he will take strength from this display and use it to inspire his return to the top-flight . despite the defeat , clarke will hope the performance will inspire a premier league return . 