c.j . miles scored 25 points and george hill added 24 to lead a 7-2 spurt to open the second overtime on tuesday as indiana kept their playoff hopes alive with a 99-95 victory over washington . the pacers ( 38-43 ) have won six straight games and will make a fifth straight playoff appearance if they win at memphis - or if brooklyn loses to orlando - on the final night of the regular season . martin gortat and bradley beal each scored 19 points for the wizards ( 46-35 ) . indiana pacers guard c.j . miles scored 25 points during his side 's vital win over the washington wizards . george hill also played a major role in the pacers ' victory against the wizards at the bankers life fieldhouse . it was a grind for the pacers , who struggled shooting all night and trailed 70-61 with 7:07 left . they rallied to take a late 79-75 lead , then washington forced overtime . indiana did n't lead again until hill 's mid-range jumper 23 seconds into the second overtime made it 87-85 . and hill finally sealed it with a three-pointer with 27.8 seconds left . clippers point guard chris paul 's 22 points , including six three-pointers , led los angeles over the injury-depleted phoenix suns 112-101 in la 's final regular-season game before the playoffs . the clippers clinched the west 's no 3 seed with the win . blake griffin hit his first six shots on his way to 20 points as clippers coach doc rivers gave his starters major minutes with a higher playoff seeding on the line . deandre jordan had 13 points and 14 rebounds , setting the clippers ' single-season record for rebounds in a season . the los angeles lakers won their final game of the regular season by defeating phoenix suns . los angeles ( 56-26 ) can finish with the no 2 seed if the san antonio spurs and houston rockets lose their final games on wednesday . the suns were down to eight available players , archie goodwin leading phoenix with a season-high 18 points . in boston , jae crowder hit an off-balance fall-away shot from deep on the right wing with 0.8 seconds left as the celtics edged the toronto raptors 95-93 to secure the seventh seed in the eastern conference . evan turner and avery bradley each scored 14 points for boston , who will face no 2 seed cleveland in the playoffs . brandon bass added 13 points and nine rebounds . it was the fifth straight win for the celtics , who clinched a playoff spot on monday when brooklyn lost . kyle lowry had 16 points for the raptors , who are locked into the fourth seed and will face washington . toronto beat the wizards in all three meetings this season . lou williams also had 16 points for toronto , terrence ross scored 12 and jonas valanciunas ' 11 .