employing cheap labour from asia and having the length of working visas doubled are two ways of combating the childcare shortage in australia authorities have said . instead of employing european students on working holidays to act as au pairs industry experts want to attract more workers from asia where wages are low . extending au pairs on working holiday visas - who earn $ 250 a week as live-in nannies - to stay with one family for a year instead of the current six months is another option . the introduction of asian nannies to australia would go some way to help address the childcare shortage it 's been argued . compared with childcare rates of $ 100 a day or more , overseas nannies and au pairs can provide a cheaper and more flexible option for families with more than one child . the daily telegraph reports that ross taylor of the indonesia institute said provided protections were in place , opening up the au pair system to more workers from indonesia could help deal with the crisis . ‘ indonesia has almost a million people working as au pairs around the world . many are in countries that are not as safe and secure as australia , ’ he says . labor opposition leader bill shorten says foreign nannies are not the solution for increasing problems with the childcare system . ‘ why not provide a ­serious opportunity for women for a safe environment where they can learn english and send money home ? ’ around 10,000 au pairs travel to australia each year . parents and au pair agencies complain the six-month rule currently be used is unsettling for families and tough on children particularly those with autism and special needs . by working in australia nannies from indonesia and the philippines can learn english and send money home . however , foreign nannies paid as little as $ 250 a week are not the answer to limited childcare and rising costs , federal opposition leader bill shorten says . the productivity commission has suggested that extending the length of working visas for live-in nannies from overseas could help tackle the childcare shortage . mr shorten says that 's not the way to solve the big challenges in childcare . foreign nannies paid as little as $ 250 a week are not the answer to limited childcare , says mr shorten . ' i think what we need to do is make sure it 's properly funded , that people can afford to pay it , that the fees are n't getting out of control and of course its good quality for our kids , ' he told the nine network on sunday . social services minister scott morrison says the government will examine the productivity commission 's recommendations .   