livingston boss mark burchill believes heartbroken midfielder darren cole wants to play in sunday 's petrofac cup final despite the game coming just a week after the tragic death of his cousin in america . the ex-rangers youth has been mourning the loss of shaun cole , 22 , who was found dead in a miami street last weekend and is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run driver . a soldier who had served in afghanistan , he was on holiday in florida while on leave and had attended a music festival there before being found on a pavement with a head injury which proved fatal . livingston boss mark burchill is hopeful that midfielder darren cole will turn out for his side on sunday . livingston star cole , 23 , was close to shaun and paid tribute to the army private on his twitter account this week . he wrote : ' i know you wo n't be here for the rest of our lives but i can promise i 'll love you for the rest of mine . ' cole was granted time off by the championship side as they prepare to face alloa at mcdiarmid park in their first national final in 11 years . but he returned to training on wednesday and is due to work with the players again after a squad day off on thursday . burchill is not putting any pressure on the 23-year-old to play despite the fact he has been a key member of the team since signing a short-term deal in february . he will give cole as much time as he needs to grieve and accept whatever decision he makes - but admits that the former murray park youngster has given the impression he would like to be involved . burchill said : ' darren was away from the club initially and we do n't really know what to expect but i am speaking with him constantly to plan with him . ' he came back to training on wednesday but is still in a bit of shock after what has happened , which is completely understandable . ' if i 'm honest , i really do n't know if he is going to play so we will need to see how things go once we get towards saturday and sunday . ' i think darren would like to play but he has never been through something like this before in his life . ' him and shaun were much closer than a lot of cousins are . they grew up together , were around the same age and lived in the same area . they were best mates . ' darren and his family want to find out exactly what happened and get a wee bit of closure because they still do n't know the circumstances . ' we will do everything we can as a club to keep his head straight . it goes without saying we would like him to be involved and i think he would like to be . ' he is a very aggressive central midfielder and is technically one of the best players at the club with two fantastic feet . ' cole ( left ) was left heartbroken following the death of his cousin , shaun , from a suspected hit-and-run . 