that 's me and ' daddy . ' karl lagerfeld and choupette . her trademark hair is thick , glossy and silky smooth . her sapphire blue eyes are piercing and stare icily ahead making little effort to disguise the contempt she feels for all before her . the lady in question is choupette , the moody french sensation taking the modelling world by storm and who , last year , clawed in over £2 million in fees , outstripping the earnings of bushy-eyebrowed supermodel-of-the-moment cara delevingne . designer karl lagerfeld says : ‘ she is the centre of the world , when you see her you understand . she is kind of greta garbo . it’s the way she moves , the way she plays . there’s something unforgettable about her . she is an inspiration for elegance . ’ but this starlet who has bewitched the creative director of fashion house chanel is no leggy clothes horse , in fact her legs — all four of them — are on the short side . for choupette is a three-year-old birman cat and the pride , joy , and slightly disturbing obsession , of lagerfeld — or ‘daddy’ as he calls himself when talking to his pet . choupette is so famous she has notched up over 100,000 followers on twitter and instagram , boasts a wikipedia entry and doesn’t get out of her bed for less than a million quid . her earnings came from just two jobs , one for japanese cosmetics company shu uemura to whom she lent her name for a special capsule collection . the other was posing for german car brand opel . in keeping with her first-class pedigree , choupette would never promote cheap brands . ‘ i don’t allow it , she’s far too sophisticated for that , ’ sneers the pony-tailed lagerfeld , who admits to being in love with his feline muse . ‘ there is no marriage allowed between humans and animals , ’ he said regretfully in an interview recently . ‘ i never thought i would fall in love with a cat . ’ choupette and the chanel chief are rarely apart , living , eating and sleeping together with their respective entourages trailing in their wake . yes , choupette has her own six-strong team at her beck and call whether they’re catering for her very faddy diet , stocking up on her favourite beauty products or just tickling her furry tummy . while most moggies start their day with a tin of supermarket pet food , choupette’s tastes are a little more refined . she’s not so much the cat who got the cream as the cat who got the bespoke mineral water , specially blended for her using a cocktail of swiss , swedish , british and german water by le water bar colette in paris . let me eat cake - as that other famous french glamour puss , marie antoinette , almost said . i travel in style and i refuse to go anywhere unless it 's in this £1,660 louis vuitton pet carrier . she doesn’t demean herself by eating her food from the floor but dines perched on the table beside her daddy . when it comes to her diet she laughs in the face of whiskas and felix . all her food is prepared by her personal chef patrice who creates several dishes at a time including liver pate , chicken and asparagus and fresh fish . all morsels are served in her favourite silver dishes made for her by french luxury goods company goyard . when not dining at home choupette likes to eat in some of the finest eateries . restaurants in paris aren’t exactly known for welcoming humans with open arms , let alone animals , but when you’re a superstar like choupette , escorted by the head of france’s most iconic fashion house , then no maitre d’ is going to tell you to ‘ casse toi’ ( get lost ) . flicking through the apps on my ipad keeps me entertained on my private jet , before a little catnap on the pilot 's lap . the famous la voltaire retaurant on the banks of the seine will prepare a special ‘choupette’s eggs’ dish for their fussy feline diner , a concotion of chopped boiled eggs infused with fresh mint . over at cafe de flore they offer croquettes a la choupette ( potato croquettes with minced beef ) . the one thing her personal vet madame horn has put her foot down about , however , is her penchant for beluga caviar . no , it’s not the extortionate price ( as if ) , rather the fact it’s far too high in salt and fat . besides , a girl needs to watch her weight and choupette likes to stay at a trim 7lb 11oz . perhaps the extraordinary thing about choupette is that , strictly speaking , she was stolen — catnapped — by lagerfeld who was only meant to look after her for her a fortnight as a favour to her original owner , french model baptiste giabiconi . when baptiste returned from his skiing trip he was told that karl had taken such a shine to his kitty that he wouldn’t be handing her back . given that baptiste was the male face of chanel , he was hardly going to argue with the boss . i told my twitter followers : ' the french do n't need to bathe so much , that 's what perfume is for , oui ? lagerfeld perfume , naturally . this is me promoting opel cars . it was exhausting work but i must say the money was rather good . since then choupette has published an autobiography — a glossy 128-page coffee table affair called the private life of a high-flying fashion cat in which her two personal maids francoise and marjorie ( one for day , one for night , darling ) regale us with details of her fabulous life . it was in the book that we learned choupette ( who lagerfeld claims : ‘ is like a woman spoiled to death’ ) travels everywhere by private jet . she likes to curl up in the lap of the pilot for the duration of the flight or ( i kid you not ) entertain herself flicking through pages on her personal ipad . choupette likes to summer in provence and splits the rest of the time between paris , new york and monte carlo . she’s backstage when her daddy exhibits his new collections but snubs the after-show bashes . ‘she’s not a party animal , ’ says lagerfeld . ‘ she likes her sleep . ’ and , just like daddy , choupette hates to be around children . it’s the job of maids to pack her custom-made louis vuitton trunks for her trips away and be sure to include her array of beauty and grooming products , including eye drops and brushes and oils for her fur which is combed every day — no fur balls . with so much effort put into her looks , it’s no wonder choupette has already graced the cover of vogue on two occasions . in december 2014 she featured on the front of brazilian vogue in the arms of model gisele bundchen and , back in july 2013 , she snuggled up to linda evangelista on the cover of german vogue . this is the bed i share with my fashion designer ' daddy . ' we both love antique french lace . the fashion designer said of choupette , 'it’s all in the eyes , the eyes , the eyes . . . it’s how she communicates’ . it must be said that choupette has only one look but , according to karl , that doesn’t matter : ‘it’s all in the eyes , the eyes , the eyes . . . it’s how she communicates . ’ lagerfeld has already designed a range of accessories ( monster choupette ) in his pet’s honour . items in the collection include socks for £25 , a keyring for £90 and £300 shopping bags , all adorned with a white cat motif . he’s not saying what’s next in the pipleine for his ‘ moody little princess’ , but one thing’s for sure , when it comes to glamour pusses they don’t come any bigger — or richer — than this one . 