joe hart bemoaned one of his ' worst days in a manchester city shirt ' following sunday 's derby thumping by manchester united . the england number one appeared devastated after the final whistle at old trafford and acknowledged that city 's bid to retain their premier league title was over . ' that 's one of my worst in a man city shirt , definitely , ' hart said after a morale-sapping 4-2 defeat saw under-fire manuel pellegrini 's men go four points adrift of neighbours united and 12 behind runaway leaders chelsea . manchester city goalkeeper joe hart , pictured with frank lampard , was disappointed with his side 's display . hart was unable to keep out goals by united 's ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling . manchester city are four points behind rivals united . the 27-year-old has even given up on knocking arsenal out of second place . ' it 's essential to try and finish third , ' he added . ' we 've got to get our heads down and win these massive games . ' city had looked dominant in the early stages , racing into a 1-0 lead that they could have extended before ashley young 's equaliser triggered a derby demolition . ' not many teams have put us to the sword like that , ' hart said . ' united know what they are doing , they took their chances . hart , pictured saluting the travelling city fans , does not understand why his side are struggling for form . ' it 's hard to take . we 've won enough of them to know how to lose properly though and we were n't good enough after the first 15 minutes . ' hart added that city had let their fans down and revealed he was at a loss to explain a dramatic loss in form since the turn of the year that has seen them take 18 points from a possible 39 . ' it would be easier to win games if i knew what was wrong with us but we 've played well and been unfortunate in some games , ' he said . ' i 'm hurting from this defeat . there 's a lot of emotion running through me . let 's see how it feels on monday , we 'll think about it and we 'll go again . ' 