five-month-old elijah is ' the happiest baby ever ' , according to his mother . he loves everything that moves , especially seeing people and exploring new places . but doctors say he probably wo n't live to see his second birthday because of a fatal genetic illness . his heartbroken mum jessica and dad andrew mccrae have pledged to do everything they can to make sure the little boy from penrith , in sydney 's west , lives a full life , compiling a 30-item bucket list for their son to complete before he passes away . from a road trip to queensland to watching the sunrise and set with him , jessica told daily mail australia the family are planning to show elijah as much of the world as they can in his final days . little elijah suffers the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy ( sma ) . born strong , he 's now ' very floppy ' , and doctors say he will probably not survive his second birthday . ‘ his sweet face will always know how to bring a smile to my face , even long after he has left us , ' his mum jessica mccrae said . first item on the bucket list : little ellijah got to visit the sydney royal easter show at the weekend and meet all of the animals . fun times : dad andrew cradles his little boy . ' just because he ca n't move his body does n't mean he ca n't enjoy life any other way , like the rest of us can , ' his mum told daily mail australia . little elijah suffers from type 1 spinal muscular atrophy ( sma ) . he gets weaker as he grows older . born strong , he 's now ' very floppy ' . his parents were devastated when he was diagnosed . they are refusing to wallow in their sadness . ' you can sit there and be depressed about it , or say , `` he 's here for two years , we 've got to make the most of it , ' jessica said . the parents were motivated to start the list - which includes visiting sydney 's aquarium and opera house - by their love for their son , and heartbreak at seeing other happy families having fun with their grown children . ' i thought , `` let 's make a bucket list . ' i 've got my own - like travelling the world - but ( elijah ) wo n't ever be able to do things like that . ' so why do n't we do things we would do with a child when we 're older ? ' the family have already ticked one item off the line-up . they visited the sydney royal easter show at the weekend . it 's the easter show ! dad andrew and mum jessica are pictured with their baby boy out the front of all the rides at the easter show last weekend . look at those goats ! little elijah is pictured with some of his furry friends . his parents are hoping to take him to sydney wildlife world and featherdale wildlife park as well . ' we have to enjoy it now . we do n't get to see him enjoy these things when he 's like 10 , we have to do it now ' . little elijah was fascinated by all the ' shiny stores ' and loved looking at the cakes , his mum said . and in the coming weeks , they are hoping to head out on a road trip to queensland , stopping along the way at various sights , including byron bay , the theme parks on the gold coast and the entrance , on the central coast of new south wales . ' the hardest thing is seeing other families , especially when you go out and see these families having fun , ' jessica said . ' we have to enjoy it now . we do n't get to see him enjoy these things when he 's like 10 , we have to do it now . ' ' the hardest thing is seeing other families , especially when you go out and see these families having fun , ' jessica said . elijah was born very strong but has lost a lot of muscle because of his condition . ''it breaks you , to see your baby get so weak , ' his mum said . the family have made a fundraising page in the hope they can raise the money to complete the list together . but the item they want the most is to celebrate elijah 's first birthday with a big party . ' i want him to celebrate his 21st birthday , ' she wrote on facebook , ' but i 'm being realistic ' . there is hope that elijah may survive longer than the doctors have predicted . elijah has been approved to go into a clinical trial which will hopefully prolong the little boy’s life . 1 . trip to new zealand . 2 . the gold coast . 3 . experience movie world . 4 . see sea world . 5 . visit australia zoo . 6 . go to wollongong.. . 7 . an adventure to forster . 8 . see palm beach . 9 . take a peek at the entrance . 10 . go to coffs harbour . 11 . swing by byron bay . 12 . attend the sydney aquarium . 13 . see the creatures at sydney wildlife park . 14 . pat the animals at featherdale wildlife park . 15 . paddle at manly/bondi beach . 16 . see the opera house . 17 . visit darling harbour . 18 . be dazzled by the vivid light festival . 19 . take him on a ferry . 20 . watch the sunset and sunrise . 21 . visit the three sisters/blue mountains . 22 . go to mt tomah ( ' a taste of scotland ' ) 23 . attend the bundanoon highland gathering . 24 . have a family photoshoot . 25 . celebrate his 6th months on earth with a party . 26 . dedicate him to god . 26 . host a 1st birthday party . 27 . go to the easter show ( done ) . 28 . head to a museum . 29 . visit the look-a-likes at madame tussauds . of two groups in the trial , one will receive a drug , while the other must undergo an invasive ‘ sham surgery’ . ‘ praying hard he will get the drug and not the sham , ’ his mother wrote on facebook . the treatment elijah will receive will be randomly selected by a computer . no one , bar a few selected people , will know as his mother is not allowed to accompany her baby during the procedure . ‘ words can not describe the anxiety , the emotions i am feeling . the first wish listed on elijah 's bucket list is to visit new zealand with his parents ( above , paparoa national park on new zealand 's south island ) . number three on elijah 's bucket list is to see queensland 's iconic family theme park sea world . visiting australia zoo is number five on elijah 's bucket list , where one of the highlights is visiting the koalas . ' it 's all hitting me harder than ever now . especially because if he gets the drug it might prolong his life . ‘ if not , then we will lose him soon . it kind of feels like it is his `` d-day '' . ''it breaks you , to see your baby get so weak . ' but she knows elijah will always be with them . jessica wrote on facebook : ' ( his ) sweet face will always know how to bring a smile to my face , even long after he has left us . ' seeing the opera house is number 16 on elijah 's bucket list , a landmark made famous by it 's white sails .