ed miliband will do ' more damage to the country than he did to his brother ' , boris johnson said this morning as the pair clashed on live tv . the london mayor , who appeared alongside mr miliband on the bbc 's andrew marr show , launched a furious personal assault on his rival - with their encounter descending into a furious shouting match . but mr miliband , who beat his elder brother david to the labour leadership in 2010 , ended up laughing off the attack , responding : ' come on boris , you 're better than that . ' animated : boris johnson wags a finger at miliband , who appears to have a clenched fist , on the andrew marr show this morning . the rivals ' encounter quickly descended into a slanging match . no let-up : the tory and labour politicians go at it hammer and tongs in front of their tv audience . the heated exchange ends with presenter andrew marr ( right ) injecting and the men trying to laugh about it . mr johnson 's verbal mauling of the labour leader comes after the tories were accused of ' descending into the gutter ' for claiming that mr miliband may ' stab the country in the back ' by doing a deal with the snp to get into power . but today , mr johnson insisted that labour could not take power without the support of the snp , and claimed the prospect was ' actually deeply alarming ' . he said mr miliband would have to take help from the scottish party ' crouching on his back like a monkey ' - making it impossible for him to govern in the interests of the whole uk . the london mayor added : i am not saying that your brother had to present himself at a & e with a dagger in his back ... [ but ] he [ ed miliband ] would do more damage to this country than he did to his brother , and that is the key point . ' verbal onslaught : mr johnson said that labour could not take power without the support of the snp . time to go : mr johnson and mr miliband leave the politics programme after their massive on-air argument . mr miliband arrived at the bbc studios in central london by car , while mr johnson cycled there . ed miliband won the labour leadership in september 2010 by narrowly beating his brother david , who had been the runaway favourite for the top job . the younger sibling won the ballot by just over 1 per cent after the second , third and fourth preference votes came into play . david had garnered the majority of support from labour mps and party members - but ed was ahead with the trade-union members . he hugged david after the result was announced - but later admitted the decision to stand against him caused deep division between the brothers . david stayed on as an mp until 2013 , then announced he was quitting parliament to become head of the giant new york-based charity international rescue committee . mr miliband hit out at the conservatives for their campaign , saying : ' they are so desperate they are reduced to trying to set one part of the country against another . ' mr johnson insisted the conservative attacks on the snp were not risking the union . ' i 'm so proud and so positive about what 's happening in this country at the moment , and i just think there are unnecessary risks involved in this labour-snp condominium , ' he said . ' so the answer would be , no i do n't think we are in any way imperiling the union . the people who would imperil the union , because that 's what their party is called , is the scottish nationalist party . ' and i imagine their strategy - like the parable , or the fable , of the frog and the scorpion - is to be allowed to be carried across the river and then ultimately to sting ... [ he is cut off ] ' the conservatives have made the prospect of a labour administration that 's reliant on snp votes one of the central planks of their election campaign in the last fortnight . but mr miliband has repeatedly insisted that he will not make any ' deals ' with the snp to become prime minister . and he told andrew marr today : ' no coalition , no tie-ins , i have said no deals - i have been clear about that . i am not doing deals with the scottish nationalist party . ' asked explicitly whether he was ruling out a confidence-and-supply agreement , he replied : ' no deals . ' ed miliband and boris johnson livened up the election campaign this morning when they went head-to-head on live tv . after being interviewed separately by presenter andrew marr , the pair of would-be prime ministers were brought together to challenge each other directly . mr miliband kicked off the heated exchange by demanding to know if mr johnson backed rules that allow wealthy foreigners living in britain to avoid tax on their overseas earnings . he said : ‘ are you for keeping non-dom status ? you’re defending those people who come here , they live here for 30 years , they are permanently here and they don’t pay taxes here . ’ mr johnson responded : ‘ hang on , is this the ed miliband who was in the treasury with gordon brown for about ten years ? are you the same creature ? i mean , is there some sort of doppelganger going on ? ’ the labour leader hit back , saying : ‘don’t get rattled , come on now . andrew marr interjected to ask the london mayor to defend inflammatory remarks in which he had accused mr miliband of being a back stabber . he said : ‘ you attacked ed miliband very forcibly today , boris , for backstabbing . do you really think that is a fair approach to somebody who is standing in an election ? before mr johnson could speak , mr miliband said : ‘ he doesn’t believe it . come on , boris , you are better than that . ’ but the london mayor replied : ‘ i am not saying that your brother had to present himself at a & e with a dagger in his back . but he would do more damage to this country than to his brother - and that is the key point . ’