a walmart employee has been applauded for his honesty after finding $ 4,400 worth of cash in the parking lot and handing it over to authorities , who returned it to its relieved owner . brian cassidy was picking up trash outside the store in bangor , maine on thursday when he discovered the wet stack of money beneath a large piece of paper in the parking lot . he immediately contacted store security to tell them what he had found and , realizing it was a sizable sum , they then contacted the police department , sergeant tim cotton said . officer dustin dow went to the store to take the report and learned that a man had visited the security office last winter to claim he had lost about $ 4,000 in the parking lot . great work : brian cassidy , right , is pictured being presented with a bangor police department challenge coin by an officer after he found $ 4,400 cash in a walmart parking lot and alerted security . the man , who was later identified as ou chen , said at the time that he had put the money in an envelope in his pocket after leaving work at a nearby restaurant . he had intended to send the money home to his family , cotton said . but after clearing snow off his car and driving home , he realized that his pocket was empty . chen went to the security office to ask if the money had been turned in or if surveillance footage had revealed what could have happened to it , but nothing emerged . when dow heard of the story , he went to the nearby restaurant , kobe steakhouse , and asked for the man , and chen confirmed he had misplaced the cash . after counting the money at the station , the officer returned to the restaurant to give it back to him - and to take a picture showing him gladly accepting it . returned : the money belonged to ou chen , who lost the $ 4,000 as he cleared snow off his car last winter after leaving his job at a nearby restaurant . he told walmart about it at the time but they could not find it . stash : cassidy found the money , pictured , while picking up trash near the walmart parking lot last thursday . cotton applauded brian for his honesty , particularly because the walmart employee found the money while working at a job that does not pay much . ' brian is not getting rich doing this and has dealt with other issues over the past year , ' cotton explained in a lengthy facebook post . ' brian , like many people , has even had to sleep in his car for a time when things were rough . ' in recognition of his honesty , cassidy was presented with a bangor police department challenge coin ' for being honest and having great integrity in doing his job ' , the department said . ' brian cassidy personifies what we hope is in all of us , ' cotton wrote . ' thanks brian , the men and women of the bangor police department salute you . ' scene : cassidy , who works at this walmart in bangor , maine , was thanked for his honesty and integrity .