a young mother has spoken of her fear that she could die at any moment due to a rare heart condition that should have killed her at the age of three . betheny coyne , from wigan , lancashire , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday . but she defied medical predictions and now , aged 24 , she is mother to three healthy children . this is despite being warned that each pregnancy could have placed so much extra strain on her heart that she would die . fearing her heart is like a ' ticking time bomb ' , she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family , and will be getting married in february next year . betheny coyne , 24 ( pictured with daughters haley , harper and grace ) , was diagnosed with a rare heart defect before she was born - and was never expected to reach her fourth birthday . miss coyne said : ' if i did n't have my children or my fiancé , mark , i 'd spend my life worrying i was going to die . ' i ca n't have any more surgery on my heart so it 's a case of living with my heart defect and ensuring i do everything i want to in life while i can . ' i have defied doctors by getting this far - so we just take every day as it comes and try to take pictures of everything . ' i just want to make sure that the kids are happy and that we make lots of memories as a family as i know my condition makes me a ticking time bomb . ' miss coyne was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta , which caused her need open heart surgery three times as a baby . the condition makes it difficult for the heart to pump blood around the body due to a narrowed aorta , the main artery that leaves the left side of the heart . the risk is that it may narrow further at any time , meaning the blood will stop going round the body properly , and in turn cause complete heart failure . miss coyne 's parents were first told their daughter had a heart defect before she was born , but it was only later scans that revealed the true extent of the rare condition . due to her uncertain life expectancy , bethany wore a heart monitor to school and went for regular check-ups . she still has to go for an ultrasound scan every six months to check her heart health . miss coyne ( with partner mark ) was born with born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta , which caused her need open heart surgery three times as a baby . doctors warned being pregnant could have placed a fatal amount of strain on her heart - but once again , she defied the odds . fearing her heart is like a ' ticking time bomb ' , she is determined to make as many memories as possible with her family , and will be getting married in february next year after getting engaged on holiday last year . she said : ' i worry every time i go for an appointment about what they are going to say , it 's a constant uncertainty . ' growing up with the condition was difficult because it felt so unfair that i was going into hospital all of the time for tests and check-ups while other children did n't have to . ' the possibility of dying at any moment did n't really affect me until i had children . ' you just get on with life when it 's just you , but when you have kids you have more responsibility and something to live for . miss coyne was born with a heart condition known as coarctation of the aorta , which caused her need open heart surgery three times as a baby . the condition makes it difficult for the heart to pump blood around the body due to a narrowed aorta , the main artery that leaves the left side of the heart . the risk is that it may narrow further at any time , meaning the blood will stop going round the body properly , and in turn cause complete heart failure and death . ' now i worry about it all the time , but knowing that we are taking lots of pictures and have the wedding to look forward to makes it easier . ' it was only when i was told i probably should n't have children that i realised how much i wanted to have them . i knew i 'd regret it if i never became a mum . ' she became pregnant with her first child , haley , unexpectedly when she was 19 - and before she met her now fiancé , mark . she had previously been warned by her heart specialist that having children would cause a massive strain on her heart . she said : ' i was really worried when i fell pregnant , but i tried to live as normal a life as possible and focused on the baby . ' thankfully , her heart condition is not genetic , so there was little chance of her passing it onto her children . speakiing about giving birth to her daughter in 2009 , she said : ' i was so relieved . when i gave birth it went so well - it was completely normal . ' the following year , she met her fiancé mark brimble , 35 , in a local bar . aware of the seriousness of her condition , she told him about it early on in the relationship . thankfully , her heart condition is not genetic , so there was little chance of her passing it onto her children . miss coyne said : ' i ca n't have any more surgery on my heart so it 's a case of living with my defect and ensuring i do everything i want to in life while i can . she is pictured at disneyland paris . she said : ' when i told him , i actually offered to leave him because i could see how it might get difficult later on . ' he was so understanding , though , he 's been great the whole time we 've been together . ' on february 20 2013 , miss coyne gave birth to the couple 's first child , grace - and was induced four days early as a precaution for her heart condition . mr brimble then proposed last may while they were on holiday and baby harper arrived in the december . miss coybe said : ' we do n't want any more children - the main thing now is having a great time with the three we have . ' before harper was born we took the girls to disneyland paris for haley 's fourth birthday and we had the best time . however there are constant reminders of her condition . at times , breathing can be very difficult and there are days when she feels exhausted . she said : ' mark is an amazing dad , so i would have no worries about the children if i died . ' june davidson , senior cardiac nurse at the british heart foundation , said : ' years of research has helped to dramatically improve survival rates for babies born with congenital heart defects from a position where very few babies survived to one where almost all do . ' ' however , more research is needed to better understand the longer term consequences of living with congenital heart disease so we can further improve the quality of more people 's lives . ' 