the revered al sharpton appeared on sunday in north charleston and is expected to attend a vigil for walter scott , the black driver who was fatally shot by a white police officer after he fled a traffic stop . rev . sharpton preached at the charity missionary baptist church and addressed the scott case and the need for reform around national policing legislation during his sermon . elected officials and police from north charleston were in attendance and south carolina senator marlon kimpson was also there to hear sharpton speak . scroll down for video . the revered al sharpton delivered a sermon and addressed the walter scott situation on sunday morning . north charleston mayor keith summey ( left ) , police chief eddie driggers ( center ) and sharpton ' discussed the scott shooting ' on sunday before the reverend spoke at charity missionary baptist church in south carolina . sharpton wrote on facebook : ' joining us this morning is mayor keith summey , sheriff al cannon , senator marlon kimpson , sclc leader michael steele , north charleston police [ chief ] eddie driggers , and assistant police chief reggie burgess . ' the officers and elected officials listened ' intently ' to what sharpton had to say as he gave credit to mayor summey for firing michael slager , the officer who killed scott , according to the post and courier . during the sermon , sharpton said : ' when he 's wrong ... we protest . ' when he 's right , we should have the same courage to say he 's right . ' let us use this hour to not only change what 's going on in north charleston . ' north charleston , that 's known as a place of intolerance , can be the place that could set a new tone in policing all over the united states . ' maybe now between a southern white mayor and a forgiving black mother , maybe this nation will deal with this . ' the civil rights leader is also expected to attend a vigil near the scene of the scott shooting on sunday afternoon . sharpton denied scott 's family barred him from attending his funeral on saturday because it would cause a ' circus ' of media attention . allegations that scott 's family wanted nothing to do with sharpton were published by the new york daily news . in response , sharpton said : ' there has never been a discussion about me attending or participating in the funeral on saturday , since everyone knows that [ national action network 's ] convention with thousands of delegates is happening in new york and does n't end until saturday night . ' scott 's casket was wrapped in an american flag at a funeral home in summerville , south carolina , on saturday . scott ( left ) was killed by michael slage ( right ) . scott , 50 , was in the coast guard for two years , and is pictured while in his uniform . slager is being held in jail on murder charges and that is the 33-year-old 's prison mugshot . judy scott wipes her eyes as she looks at her son 's casket during his burial service in summerville yesterday . hundreds of mourners attended the funeral for scott , 50 , on saturday in summerville , north of north charleston where the shooting took place . sharpton remained in new york where his national action network was wrapping up its national convention . slager , 33 , the north charleston officer who fired eight times at scott 's back as he fled from a traffic stop , has been charged with murder and dismissed from the police force . slager pulled scott 's black mercedes-benz over for a broken tail light . video from the dashboard camera in slager 's police cruiser recorded a respectful exchange between the two men before the officer returned to his patrol car . a few minutes later , after being told by slager to stay in the mercedes , the man emerged from his car and ran off . scott , who was apparently unarmed , had a history of arrests for failing to pay child support . a cellphone video taken by a bystander showed the men in a brief tussle before scott ran off again , slager fired his gun and scott slumped into the grass . there was a gap between the two videos , however , as the officer was not wearing a body camera . scott 's shooting was one of the latest in a series of killings that have stoked a national outcry over police use of force against african americans . last year , the fatal shooting of an unarmed black man in ferguson , missouri , and choking death of a black man in new york city triggered a wave of demonstrations across the country .