an english photographer has traveled all over the world - and along the way created stunning panoramic images using a film camera . john chapple has captured all types of landscapes , including grassy fields in england , major us cities , and sandy beaches in australia . chapple , originally from north devon , first worked as a news and show business photographer before he got into landscape photography , his website says . scroll down for video . quite the view ! photographer john chapple captured this shot of the santa monica pier in santa monica , california . escape : water pours down a grassy california hillside in this image . west coast adventure : chapple captured downtown city skyscrapers - as well as miles of the greater los angeles area and mountains in the distance . dried up : desert shrubbery is seen as sun touches down on mountains in mojave , california . pathway : chapple spied this structure in queensland , australia . getaway : birds swim through the waters of western australia in this shot . stormy weather : clouds perch over grassy areas in northam burrows , north devon . ' for his panoramic images he uses a linhof technorama 617s iii , ' his website says . ' this camera is unique in that the negatives are a huge 6 x 17 centimeters , with only four exposures per film . ' he also used a 50 megapixel digital hasselblad and a top of the range 1ds canon digital camera . ' when asked for advice during a 2012 interview with landscape photography magazine , chapple said to ' invest in a good alarm clock , a comfortable pair of boots and a sturdy tripod and you ca n't go wrong . ' chapple told the magazine at the time ' my dream is to one day be able to make a living with my landscape photography . right now it 's something that i love doing , and squeeze into my hectic life when i can . ' i ca n't imagine a greater life , being able to shoot landscapes and make my monthly mortgage payment . there 's nothing greater professionally than being paid to do what you love . ' blur : chapple took this image in queensland , australia . he has worked as both a news and showbusiness photographer . mystery : light peers through trees in an oregon forest . rocky stop : waves crash against rocks in western australia . make a break for it : the cook islands ' rarotonga is seen covered in trees . long way out : a pier is seen at busselton jetty in western australia . dramatic : rocks in western australia are bathed in sunlight as waves pour over . sweet treat : chapple took this image of sugarloaf rock while traveling through western australia . natural beauty : chapple has said of his photography ' i am self taught . funnily enough , i failed art in school ' . cosmopolitan : no stranger to inclement weather , seattle 's skyscrapers are seen underneath dark skies . washed ashore : a colorful boat is seen at crow point in north devon , england . he also told the publication he 's been able to use his errors and move forward , saying ' i am self taught . funnily enough , i failed art in school . ' i completed an apprenticeship when i finished school , but i was really only shown what i 'd done wrong , as opposed to what i 'd done right , so i found that i learned mostly from my mistakes . in years following , it was really trial and error and learning the hard way . ' chapple revealed during the 2012 interview a motivation to preserve the way the world looks for his family . he told landscape photography magazine ' the biggest moment of clarity as a photographer came with the birth of my first son , radley danger chapple ( yes , danger really is his middle name ) . ' after a conversation with my father-in-law about how visibility in the mountains has decreased so much in his lifetime because of air pollution , i suddenly felt a real urgency to capture images that my children can share with their grandchildren . ' we live in a changing world , and photography is the only way of documenting exactly what i see for future generations . ' for more of chappel 's work , visit his website or his facebook page . where does it go ? a wooden pathway is seen at braunton burrows in north devon , england . gathering : chapple , who uses a film camera for landscapes , photographed these massive stones in brandon , oregon . wide open spaces : chappel takes photographs with a linhof technorama 617s iii . isolation ? a wooden house is seen in a snow field in williston , north dakota . paradise : a dock leads out to sea in western australia . contrast : chapple said in a 2012 interview to ' invest in a good alarm clock , a comfortable pair of boots and a sturdy tripod and you ca n't go wrong ' . fun in the sun : houses line venice beach , california . candid camera : chapple turns the camera on himself in this selfie .  