a forensic psychiatrist has testified that lou gehrig 's disease is the reason a former sheriff 's deputy in wisconsin killed his wife and sister-in-law , whom the defendant described in a suicide note as his threesome partners . andrew steele , 40 , has pleaded not guilty by reason of mental disease in the shooting deaths last august of his wife , 39-year-old ashlee steele , and her 38-year-old sister , kacee tollefsbol , of lake elmo , minnesota . taking the stand for the defense on day 2 of the insanity phase of his trial dr. doug tucker testified that a rambling note steele wrote about suicide and sexual relations with his wife and sister-in-law is delusional and shows steele 's brain was deteriorating because of als . tucker said that was the reason steele killed the two and that he was ' unable to conform his conduct to the law . ' scroll down for video . back in court : on day of his insanity trial , former wisconsin sheriff 's deputy andrew steele , 40 , was wheeled into the courtroom to hear testimony from a forensic psychiatrist and his sister-in-law . tragic sisters : this undated photo provided by rachelle putnam shows ashlee steele , left , and her sister , kacee tollefsbol , both were found dead of gunshot wounds at steele 's home in fitchburg , wisconsin . steele , a former dane county deputy , was diagnosed with the progressive neurodegenerative disease last june . the defendant claims he blacked out during the killings . and on tuesday , the defense kicked things off detailing steele 's condition and how science will prove him not responsible . the prosecution disagrees . the state asked all witnesses if steele had memory issues before that day in august , and they all said no . in a mostly incoherent , stream-of-consciousness letter written by steele the day before the murders , the former deputy claimed he had had a sexual relationship with his sister-in-law and enjoyed ' numerous threesomes ' with kacee and his wife , reported the station wiba . the typo-riddled note also stated that when kacee and ashlee learned of his als diagnosis , they proposed a suicide pact . according to steele , the women wanted to jump off a cruise ship together , poison themselves with carbon monoxide inside a car , or shoot themselves with his service weapon . video from wmtv . als : andrew steele , pictured in court in 2014 , penned a rambling note a day before the killing claiming that he had had threesomes with his wife and sister-in-law , and that the three of them had made a suicide pact . case : steele argued last month that he was not guilty by reason of mental disease or defect to first-degree intentional homicide charges because he could not resist impulses . tearful testimony : the slain sisters’ third sibling , hailee mesiterling , said from the stand that andrew steele was in love with tollefsbol . ' see you all on the other side , ' the note concluded . the missive was last edited on steele’s phone just after 6am august 22 . about seven hours later , a mortally wounded kacee tollefsbol called 911 saying she and her sisters had been shot , . dr tucker testified that there is no evidence to support steele 's claims that he had been in a three-way relationship with his wife and sister-in-law . friends of kacee tollefsbol also said in court that her and steele 's relationship did not go beyond that of a brother and sister , reported wisconsin state journal . however , the slain sisters’ surviving sibling , haileemesiterling , said from the stand that andrew steele was in love with tollefsbol and acted inappropriately towards her during a family vacation last summer . in her opening statement tuesday , jessa nicholson , steele’s defense attorney , said her client maintains that on the day of the killings he and ashlee had sex involving bondage , and a zip tie accidentally fastened too tight around her neck , according to wkow . death : sisters ashlee steele , left , and kacee m. tollefsbol , right , were shot dead leaving six children behind between them . in happier times : ashlee steele , left , had been working tirelessly to raise money to pay for her husband 's treatment . steele’s last memory from that day , according to his attorney , is of him trying to find a pair of scissors to cut the restraint around his wife’s neck . he then blacked out and awakened later in a hospital bed with a tube down his throat . unable to speak , the 40-year-old wrote notes asking if he had been in a car accident and inquiring after his wife . the trial is expected to continue into next week . if the jury finds him responsible for the double-homicide , steel could face up to a life sentence without parole . ashlee steele , 39 , was found shot in the head in the master bedroom and cops found andrew steele sitting in a laundry room with a pistol . the former deputy had started the dryer and vented it back into the room and he had set up a grill loaded with hot charcoal in the room in a possible suicide attempt by carbon monoxide . accused : andrew steele is wheeled out of his home in a stretcher friday after allegedly murdering his wife and her sister . the killings came just days after the victims and the suspect 's friends took part in the als ice bucket challenge , raising $ 23,000 towards the ailing deputy 's medical expenses . in his letter , steele lamented that collected funds were not enough to cover their family 's expenses . . between the two of them , the slain sisters have left six children behind . as he addressed the court , steele 's speech sounded slurred as he waived his right to review the statements of potential jurors claiming to be unable to serve during his three-week trial . around 15 jurors will be picked from 120 potential jurors for the trial which is scheduled to begin with jury selection on april 13 . it will be a two-phase trial , the first to establish guilt , the second to decide whether he was legally responsible for his actions . the dramatic case saw steele wheeled into the courtroom by bailiffs at the start of a status conference before circuit judge nicholas mcnamara . challenge : his wife , ashlee steele spearheaded the effort to raise money for her husband dubbed ' tough as steele ' , posting videos of the ice bucket challenges on her facebook account . family : the couple , pictured , had two children , and had been together for 26 years . his lawyer , jessa nicholson , said that steele can still walk and that his speech has been affected by his als , but that otherwise he was doing well . als does not affect the brains of most people who are diagnosed with the disease , but nicholson said about 20 per cent experience dementia . nicholson wrote that steele has suffered damage to his hippocampus , the emotional center of the brain , causing poor impulse control and loss of memory . his frontal lobe was also damaged , which can cause loss of inhibition , personality changes and loss of the ability to conform his conduct to the law . 