mark hughes has revealed talks have opened over a contract extension for in-demand asmir begovic following stoke 's 2-1 win over southampton . the bosnian goalkeeper , who kept stoke in the game during a one-sided first half at the britannia stadium on saturday , sees his existing deal run out next year with real madrid known admirers . and speaking after second-half goals from mame diouf and substitute charlie adam saw his side roar back after morgan schneiderlin had given ronald koeman’s southampton a deserved lead , manager hughes added that he was hopeful of keeping begovic at the club . stoke city have opened talks over a contract extension for in-demand goalkeeper asmir begovic . begovic is highly-rated and has attracted interest from several top clubs , including la liga 's real madrid . stoke boss mark hughes is keen to keep begovic at the club as he looks to stabilise them in the top ten . stoke midfielder charlie adam scores during the comeback win over southampton in the premier league . jonathan walters ( left ) congratulates fellow stoke striker mame biram diouf ( right ) after his goal on saturday . ‘ we want to be a team that’s consistently in the top ten , ’ said a beaming hughes whose side rose to ninth in the table . ‘ to be able to do that you need key players in key areas of the field and obviously goalkeeper is a key position in any good team and asmir has been exceptional for us for a long time now . ’ both manchester clubs have watched the 27-year-old but hughes thinks stoke have a chance of persuading him to stay . the win over southampton on saturday was stoke’s first over them since february 2008 when an own goal from darren powell and efforts from ryan shawcross and mamady sidibe secured a 3-2 triumph . ‘we’re talking and those talks are going to be concluded in the summer , ’ he said . ‘ hopefully they are going to be concluded in our favour . ’ next up for saints , who missed the chance to close the gap on manchester city in fourth place to two points , is a home meeting with tottenham - and the return to st mary’s of former boss mauricio pochettino . captain jose fonte believes it is a big match because of the race for europe rather than the visit of the argentine . ‘it’s because it’s tottenham , ’ said the centre-half . ‘ they are close in the table and we want to finish above them . obviously , there’s that added bit that pochettino is coming back , but for us players it’s just another big game against a team that is next to us that we want to beat . ’ southampton defender jose fonte ( left ) competes for the ball with diouf ( right ) at the britannia stadium .  