jose mourinho had placed the barclays premier league’s joint-top goalscorer on standby for this match , insisting he would only turn to diego costa if absolutely necessary . as it turned out , the emergency glass needed to be broken . the £32million striker was required to stop chelsea squandering the opportunity to open a seven-point advantage over their title rivals . yet all they got was 11 minutes before costa was forced off with a recurrence of the hamstring injury that ruled him out of the international break with spain . chelsea striker diego costa limped off with a hamstring injury shortly after coming on at the interval . will he be out for a week , a month , two months , maybe more ? ‘it’s too early , ’ said mourinho , who went on to defend throwing costa on . ‘ i don’t say “gamble” because we did every test , every scan , the player trained for two days , he was 100 per cent with the team . ‘ the medical department were convinced he was ready . the player was convinced he was ready . not for 90 minutes but he was ready to play and to help the team . ’ in the meantime a chunk of the chelsea contingent will be wondering how they fill the void left by costa . they need look no further than this win against stoke as the answer presents itself in the form of loic remy and , of course , eden hazard . blues striker costa looks despondent as he sits on the turf following another injury to his hamstring . hazard scored and assisted in the same premier league match for the seventh time , and looked like a man ready to rubbish the idea he was too tired to play a full 90 minutes for belgium in midweek . he tormented the stoke defence here at stamford bridge , and has scored more premier league goals for chelsea over the past three seasons than any other player . that’s 35 , by the way . so , too , was remy equally as clinical against stoke . acting as costa’s replacement for the starting xi , he proved more than a handful for the visitors on his fourth start for chelsea in the premier league . it took an outstanding one-handed save from stoke goalkeeper asmir begovic at full stretch to deny remy’s deflected shot from giving chelsea the lead after just three minutes . then , four minutes later , it was him again , going close as his curled shot skipped agonisingly wide of the far post . the man turned down by liverpool was given the unfortunate task of trying to fill the boots of costa , but rarely looked shy in doing so . yet it remained 0-0 as half time approached . was it time for mourinho to roll the dice ? it was in the 32nd minute his patience wore thin . costa looks in pain after pulling up at stamford bridge during chelsea 's 2-1 win over stoke city . chelsea gave away possession in the final third – not for the first time – and a frowning mourinho turned to his substitutes’ bench , gestured at costa with a nod , and the striker began warming up down the touchline . a sign he was to be introduced soon enough . it took a smidgen of luck for the deadlock to be broken thanks to the quick feet of cesc fabregas earning a penalty , and hazard was cool as ever in putting chelsea ahead . never in doubt , as no player in premier league history has taken more and never missed than hazard . yet stamford bridge’s celebrations were short-lived . mourinho’s frustration grew when charlie adam channelled his inner david beckham and scored from more than 60 yards out . with thibaut courtois left embarrassed , mourinho knew it was time to ‘gamble’ . jose mourinho was happy to have gambled with costa 's fitness despite losing the striker after 10 minutes . off went oscar , on came costa for the second half . no sooner had he been on the pitch than he had to come off . he signalled to the bench after just 10 minutes and was replaced by veteran didier drogba . yet this was all about chelsea 's go-to guy , hazard , and costa’s worthy replacement , remy . ‘ we have three strikers , ’ mourinho declared afterwards . ‘ we decided at the beginning of the season to go more with diego . he won the right of being first choice . ’ but by this evidence , chelsea supporters need not lose sleep over their first-choice striker 's injury . as stoke found out , remy can fill the gap left by costa , and hazard is simply every bit a premier league title winner in the making . eden hazard steps up to stroke home the opener for chelsea from the penalty spot in the first half . remy finishes to put chelsea back in front after a mistake from stoke city keeper begovic .