the world 's last surviving male northern white rhino - stripped of his horn for his own safety - is now under 24-hour armed guard in a desperate final bid to save the species . sudan is guarded day and night by a group of rangers who risk their lives on a daily basis as they try to keep the rhino from poachers lured by the rising price of ivory . but even without his horn , keepers in the kenyan reserve of ol pojeta in fear for his safety . scroll down for video . guard : the rangers keep an armed watch around sudan at all times to deter poachers after his horn . extreme measures : rangers have even cut off the rhino 's horn - but they fear it wo n't be enough . hungry : feeding time in sudan 's enclosure - he spent most of his life in a czech zoo . dangerous : the rangers are aware they are risking their lives to protect the enormous animal . the 43-year-old rhino - who could live until his 50s - is the last chance for any future northern white rhino calves . sudan was moved , along with two female rhinos , from a zoo in the czech republic in december 2009 . the reserve , which specialises in the conservation of rhinos , was chosen because of its successful breeding programme with black rhinos . it had been hoped the move would encourage them to breed , but all attempts have been unsuccessful . the project was dealt a further blow when suni - the world 's only other male , who also lived at ol pojeta - died last october . it left just five northern white rhinos in the world - and the three in kenya are in particular danger . hunted : rhinos like sudan have no predators in the wild because of their size - apart from humans . new home : it had been hoped moving sudan to kenya with two females would encourage them to breed . simor irungu , one of the rangers who guards sudan , says the team regularly risk their lives to keep him safe . ' with the rising demand for rhino horn and ivory , we face many poaching attempts and while we manage to counter a large number of these , we often risk our lives in the line of duty . ' it is a sad end for a species which used to roam across the heart of africa - from southern chad , across the democratic republic of congo and up into sudan . just over half a century ago , there were 2,000 northern white rhinos ; but 1984 there were only 15 , all in the drc , according to the world wildlife fund . but then conservationist managed to bring them back from the brink , and bought the population up to at least 30 animals less than a decade later . failure : but attempts at breeding have been unsuccessful - and sudan is now getting old . high value : the price of ivory is now said to be between £40,000 and £47,000 a kilo . but then poaching took its toll , and the entire park was emptied . the last northern white rhinos were spotted in 2006 . their extinction has been fueled by the growing demand for ivory , which comes in large part from the far east , where it is believed to be a cure for several ailments . the price for ivory has risen from between £170 to £541 per kilo in the 1990s , to today 's prices of £40,000 to £47,355 per kilo , according to a report by the international fund for animal welfare . the rangers have taken steps to deter the poachers , but they still fear it may not be enough . elodie sampere explained : ' the only reason his horn has been cut off is to deter poachers . ' if the rhino has no horn , he is of no interest to them . ' this is purely to keep him safe . ' sad end : sudan is one of five northern white rhinos left , and a number of them are his descedents . however , keeping them safe is a costly business : the team of 40 cost £75,000 for six months . it is usually paid for with money made from tourism , but recent instability in kenya , and fear of ebola - which is actually thousands of miles away - have kept people away . so the team at ol pejeta is hoping to raise the money through crowd funding . ' keeping the ranger team safe is expensive , ' the appeal reads . ' they are given world-class training , and are kitted out with the latest in equipment and support , from night vision goggles to gps tracking , to a team of tracking and support dogs ... . ' keeping the team funded and equipped is an ongoing challenge . ' we are aiming to raise enough to safeguard the wages for the forty strong team for the next six months . ' this is £75,000 . any which way , every single pound contributed will help secure the rangers , that secure the rhino , for us and for future generations . ' to donate , visit ol pejeta 's gofundme page . 