a financial fund for killer cop michael slager was shut down by crowd-funding website , gofundme , on wednesday . the site told daily mail online that ' after review by our team , the campaign set up for officer slager was removed due to a violation of gofundme 's terms & conditions ' but refused to elaborate due to privacy concerns . slager has been charged with the murder of unarmed black father walter scott , 50 , who was fatally shot five times in the back in north charleston , south carolina on saturday . slager , 33 , was terminated from the police force on wednesday . a separate fundraising campaign was started on site , indiegogo , titled the ' michael t. slager support fund ' and featured a picture of slager in his police uniform . as of thursday at 11am , it had raised $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal on donations from 20 people after being set up on wednesday . two hours later , that total had jumped to $ 541 . scroll down for video . an indiegogo page to raise money in support of police officer michael slager had $ 393 of a $ 5,000 goal on thursday - the company told daily mail online ' they do n't judge ' as long as content fits their terms of use . a well-wisher of the accused killer cop gave a private donation to the fundraising page on indiegogo and listed their name as ' trayvon ' - perhaps in a twisted reference to trayvon martin , an unarmed black teenager who was shot dead by a neighborhood watch volunteer in florida in 2012 . officer michael slager is pictured standing over walter scott 's body and feeling for a pulse after he put the man 's fallen body in handcuffs . according to police reports , officers performed cpr on the 50-year-old father - but the cop was not filmed giving any medical assistance . opening fire : michael slager , a police officer in charleston , south carolina , was caught on video shooting dead 50-year-old black man walter scott after reportedly stopping him over a broken tail light on saturday . one of the individuals who donated listed their name as ' trayvon ' - perhaps a twisted reference to trayvon martin , an unarmed black teenager shot dead by a neighborhood watch volunteer in florida in 2012 . an explanation of the fundraising campaign reads : ' we 're campaigning to show our support for officer michael t. slager ! ' we believe in all of our leos and want to publicly support them ! although he may have made mis-steps in judgement he was protecting the community . ' michael is a former coast guardsman with two stepchildren and a wife who is expecting a child , served for more than five years with the department without being disciplined . please help in any way you can . ' killing : walter scott , left , was killed by michael slager , right . scott was a u.s. coast guard veteran . police officer michael sagler , ( pictured right in his prison mugshot ) , who has been charged with his murder also was a member of the coast guard . a facebook page was set up to support the cop who has been charged with murder and terminated from the police force . the statement then repeated : ' he has served five years with the department without being disciplined . ' a separate facebook page and twitter account were set up linking to the fundraising site . the social media accounts appear to have been established by the same person , who tweeted : ' we 're not here to judge wrong or right , there are two sides to every story . let the courts decide after careful review . ' the social media pages attracted dozens of negative comments . marquese lewis posted on the facebook page supporting slager : ' how about the real reason is you are an ignorant racist supporting a murderer . ' bruce a mcintyre added : ' if he can not afford a lawyer , the court will appoint a public defender for him . surely he is fine with that , as that is all most of his arrestees ever get . ' in a statement to daily mail online , an indiegogo spokesperson said : ' indiegogo allows anyone , anywhere to fund ideas that matter to them and just like other open platforms -- such as facebook , youtube and twitter - we don’t judge the content of campaigns as long as they are in compliance with our terms of use . ' indiegogo 's list ' prohibited campaigns ' includes those ' to raise funds for illegal activities , to cause harm to people or property , or to scam others ' . the rules state : ' campaign owners shall not make any false or misleading statements in connection with their campaigns . ' the crowd-funding ' community guidelines go further and explain the website is not a place for ' hatred , abuse , discrimination , disrespect , profanity , meanness , harassment , or spam ' . it reads on : ' do not use to promote violence , degradation , subjugation , discrimination or hatred against individuals or groups based on race , ethnic origin , religion , disability , gender , age , veteran status , sexual orientation , or gender identity . ' a twitter account also supported michael slager after he fatally shot a father-of-four . the social media accounts appear to have been established by the same person . on wednesday , north charleston mayor keith summey said that slager 's wife , who is eight months ' pregnant , will still receive health insurance from the city until after her baby was born because it was the ' humane thing to do ' . last year , gofundme came under fire after allowing fundraising for darren wilson , a white cop in ferguson , missouri who shot and killed unarmed teenager michael brown . in five days , people gave half a million-dollars to two fundraising pages for wilson . the page has since been removed . wilson resigned from the ferguson police force but was not charged with any crime after a grand jury hearing . 