it’s one of the most boring kitchen jobs ; prepping a mound of potatoes for mash . but this ingenious method eliminates all dinner preparation stress when you 've got a pile to peel . youtuber dave hax’s clever spud solution does away with peelers , and instead lets boiling water do all the hard work . the innovative mr hax , whose youtube channel demonstrates various life hacks , devised the simple kitchen method which results in perfectly peeled potatoes . start by taking a sharp knife and running the blade carefully around the middle of the potato , he advises in the video . do this to all the potatoes you’re planning to use , running the blade just through the skin without letting it cut through the potato flesh . ' try to get the line to meet up on the other side , ' he says . once all your spuds have been prepared put them in a pan on the hob and add some boiling water from a kettle . youtuber dave hax’s ingenious new kitcken trick lets cooks peel potatoes without using a peeler . the process starts by running the blade of a sharp knife carefully around the middle of the potato , without letting it cut through , making sure to get the line to meet on the other side . leave the potatoes to cook . when they’re ready , drain the water into another pan , leaving the potatoes in the first one . ' run some cold water over your potatoes until they are cool enough to pick up . ' he instructs . the cut mark should now be visible all the way around the potato . the next step is to simply use your fingers to gently pull the skin off the cooked potato . turn the spud around and do the same on the other side… and hey presto , you’ll have a perfectly peeled potato . chefs then need to boil the spuds ( left ) for as long as needed and let them drain before running under cold water ( right ) . the swift method of skin removal means the potatoes remain warm under their skins . ' but if you want them warmer , simply pop them back into the water they were boiled it for a quick reheat , ' he advises . the video , which was uploaded only five days ago on 10 april has already received more than 1.5m views . finally skin the spud using fingers to pinch the skin off the potato - hey presto , perfectly peeled potatoes ! 