the parents of michael brown have filed a wrongful-death lawsuit against the city of ferguson over the fatal shooting of their son by a white police officer , a confrontation that sparked a national protest movement . attorneys for brown 's parents , lesley mcspadden and michael brown sr. , filed the complaint at the st. louis county courthouse on thursday and called a news conference to announce that the case would bring to light new forensic evidence and raise doubts about the police version of events . the lawsuit is seeking $ 75,000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages , and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques ' that demean , disregard , or underserve its african-american population ' . scroll down for video . attorney anthony gray speaks as michael brown 's parents , lesley mcspadden , second from left , and michael brown sr. , right , listen along with attorney benjamin crump , left , during thursday 's news conference . the family 's lawsuit is seeking $ 75,000 in compensation , as well as unspecified punitive damages , and calls for a court order prohibiting the use of police techniques ' that demean , disregard , or underserve its african-american population ' . brown 's parents did n't speak , but lesley mcspadden wore a red hoodie bearing her son 's likeness , while mike brown sr. wore a st. louis cardinals snapback and a hoodie that said , ' mike brown chosen for change ' . the new lawsuit alleges that officer darren wilson destroyed evidence after he shot brown on the street of the st. louis suburb last august , saying he washed blood off his hands and cleared and bagged the gun used in the shooting . ' we expect to put on evidence that you never heard about before , that you have never seen , ' anthony gray , one of the lawyers for brown 's family , said at thursday 's news conference . the civil suit claims brown had his hands up in surrender when he was killed , a claim strongly disputed during the previous investigation . gray said evidence had not been presented properly in the previous investigations and he criticized the prosecutor who had presented the case to a grand jury . ' the evidence has not changed , but the presentation of that evidence will , ' he said of the civil lawsuit . the civil lawsuit names the city of ferguson , former police chief thomas jackson and former police officer darren wilson as defendants . ' we expect to put on evidence that you never heard about before , that you have never seen , ' said anthony gray , left , during thursday 's press conference . wilson ' unjustifiably shot and killed ( brown ) , using an unnecessary and unreasonable amount ( of ) force in violation of ( brown 's ) constitutionally guaranteed right to life , ' the lawsuit states . jackson , who resigned last month , is included because he ' maintained general supervision ' of wilson and ' was also responsible for his hiring , training and retention , ' the lawsuit states . if it comes to trial , the lawsuit could force a full review of all the evidence in the shooting and bring key witnesses to be questioned in open court , including wilson . attorney benjamin crump told reporters that the alleged subterfuge with which investigators handled the wilson probe is indicative of a national trend . he cited the cases of eric garner , floyd dent , tamir riceand antonio zambrano-montes . ' the narrative of the law enforcement all across the country for shooting unarmed people of color is the same : that they had no other choice , ' crump said . ' but time and time again , the objective evidence contradicts the standard police narrative . ' the lawsuit also lists incidents of alleged unlawful stops and arrests of african-americans in ferguson . it asks for the court to assign a monitor to the city 's police force for five years or until ' the city of ferguson has fully and effectually trained all of its police officers on the constitutional requirements of the use of deadly force . ' lesley mcspadden , the mother of michael brown , wore a sweatshirt remembering her son during thursday 's new conference , left , while michael brown sr. , the father of michael brown , as also in attendance . brown , 18 , was unarmed and walking in the street with a friend on august 9 when wilson told them to move to the sidewalk . that led to a heated confrontation and a scuffle between wilson and brown inside wilson 's squad car . wilson shot brown after the scuffle spilled into the street . some witnesses said brown was trying to surrender , but wilson said brown was moving toward him aggressively , forcing him to shoot . brown 's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national black lives matter movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities . in the end , local and federal authorities ruled that the shooting was justified . a st. louis county grand jury and the u.s. justice department declined to prosecute wilson , who resigned in november . but the justice department released a scathing report citing racial bias and profiling in the ferguson police department and a profit-driven municipal court system that frequently targets black residents . several city officials resigned following the review , including the city manager , police chief and municipal judge . the municipal court clerk was fired for racist emails . brown was unarmed when he was fatally shot by a white police officer , darren wilson , in a st. louis suburb in august 2014 . wilson resigned in november . civil cases generally require a lower standard of proof than criminal cases . jurors must find a preponderance of evidence , not proof beyond a reasonable doubt needed to convict in a criminal trial . two decades ago , football star o.j . simpson was acquitted of the killings of his ex-wife , nicole brown simpson , and her friend , ronald goldman . but a civil jury awarded the brown and goldman families $ 33.5 million in wrongful-death damages . the family of amadou diallo , an unarmed man killed by police in 1999 , settled with new york city for $ 3 million in 2004 after filing a $ 60 million lawsuit . the city did not admit any wrongdoing . the settlement came after four officers indicted in his shooting were acquitted of second-degree murder and reckless endangerment . wrongful-death lawsuits have been filed in other recent high-profile cases , too . in new york , the family of eric garner is seeking $ 75 million in damages . garner , who was black and had asthma , died in july after a white plainclothes officer applied what a medical examiner determined was a chokehold after garner was accused of selling loose , untaxed cigarettes on a city street . brown 's shooting led to sometimes-violent protests and spawned a national ' black lives matter ' movement calling for changes in how police deal with minorities .