at last it’s on . not only the fight of the century but the sale of tickets for floyd mayweather versus manny pacquiao . the desert storm in a box office which some thought might pull the plug on the richest fight of all time has blown over . those priceless tickets will be on sale at 8pm on thursday after weeks of wrangling and accusations between mayweather promotions and pacquiao’s promoter bob arum . tickets for the fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are on sale on thursday . pacquiao posted a picture of him looking in good shape 10 days before the fight . this thorny matter was settled at a meeting between arum , mayweather’s advisor al haymon and cbs television mogul les moonves who brokered the deal for the fight itself . the issues over the number of tickets , credentials and hotel rooms to be made available to each camp were all resolved . since this required a separate contract with the mgm there was speculation that the fight might be in jeopardy . in reality may 2 in the grand garden arena was always going to take place . mayweather trains with his uncle roger during a media workout in las vegas last week . pacquiao is taken on the pads by trainer freddie roach in front of the watching media . even arum , angered as he was by delays he blamed on the mayweather side for making the tickets release far later than for any big fight ever , had said : ‘there’s too much at stake for the plug to be pulled . like half-billion dollars which it is now expected to generate , with mayweather and pacquiao set to bank at least $ 180million and $ 120m respectively , arum adds : ‘ all the matters have been agreed and the contract is being drawn up . ’ the vast majority of the 16,500 tickets were always destined to be parcelled up between the two promoters , the two cable networks sharing the pay-per-view broadcast and the mgm hotel group for their clients and high rollers . only a token 1000 seats are going on public sale , at between $ 1,500 ( £1,000 ) and $ 7,500 ( £5,000 ) each . but none for the super-ringside tickets costing $ 10,000 ( £6,600 ) . there are reports that those seats will exchanged hands on ‘ the alternative market’ for upwards of $ 200,000 ( £133,000 ) as many as 50,000 tickets will be available to watch the fight at various mgm properties via closed-circuit television . priced at $ 150 ( £100 ) , they will be on sale at 11pm on thursday . 