loss : audrie pott , 15 , killed herself in 2012 after she was sexually assaulted at a party . two of her attackers have finally apologized and admitted she was unconscious during the ' criminal act ' . two teenagers have finally apologized for sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl who later committed suicide after images of the attack were shared around her high school . the pair , who have not been named , admitted audrie pott was unconscious at the time and did not consent to their ' criminal acts ' as they reached a civil settlement with her family . they also apologized for sharing false rumors spread around saratoga high school in northern california that ' served to shame and humiliate her ' . the teenager fell asleep after drinking gatorade laced with vodka at a friend 's party in their hometown of saratoga . she awoke to find her pants off and lewd comments scribbled over her body . her family says she hanged herself days later after learning cellphone photos were taken of her during the assault and shared through text messages . audrie 's parents , lawrence and sheila pott , filed a civil lawsuit against the boys to hold them more accountable for their actions . their attorney , bob allard , said the parents decided to settle with one of the teens because he showed remorse and ' told the truth ' about what happened to audrie . now the final two teens have reached an agreement after initially refusing to say sorry - reportedly paying $ 950,000 to the devastated family . as part of the settlement , they were also made to release a lengthy apology and will have to give presentations about ' sexting ' , sharing nude photos , 'slut-shaming ' and the dangers of alcohol . the pair said : ' we apologize that we said things that made it seem like audrie invited or encouraged these acts . ' we admit that we committed these acts and shared inappropriate images of audrie to others . ' audrie was n't conscious during these criminal acts that we committed and did not consent to what we did . ' they also apologized for false rumors that ' served to shame and humiliate her ' . it continued : ' we would like every teenager out there to understand that words about someone 's character can have a life altering effect . that taking advantage of an incapacitated human being is a crime each and every time . they also said they would participate and support a petition to to the saratoga high school administration to give audrie an honorary diploma , because their ' actions contributed to prevent her from graduating . during a hearing on friday , the boys stood up and apologized to the courtroom , including audrie 's parents , to mark the signing of the agreement . according to the san jose mercury , one of them said : ' i wish audrie was still here , and i miss her a lot . she was a great person who did n't deserve anything that happened to her due to my actions . i apologize . i wish i could make it right . ' anger : larry pott and and audrie 's stepmother and his second wife lisa , have finally settled their lawsuit against two of their daughter 's attackers after one admitted and apologized . grieving : audrie 's mother , sheila pott , found her daughter hanging in the bathroom in september 2012 . tormentors : the three teenagers ( pictured with their faces obscured ) pleaded guilty to sexual assault last year and were sentenced to 30-45 days in a juvenile detention facility . the second teen , who is now a senior at christopher high in gilroy , said that if he could , he would ' take back the pain and suffering i caused audrie and the pott family . this has caused a tragedy to all involved due to my actions . ' he added : ' i will do everything i can to mentor teens to not do what i did in september 2012 . ' the teenagers also agreed to be interviewed in a documentary film already in production about the case . the three attackers , all classmates , were prosecuted in private juvenile proceedings and sentenced to between 30 and 45 days in juvenile hall . two continue to attend saratoga high , while the third transferred to high school about an hour south in gilroy . allard said that had the two other teens apologized , they might not have been sued . ' if they had simply knocked on the door of the pott household , apologized , accepted responsibility and jumped headfirst into our quest to educate our youth by , for example , speaking at high schools about the mistakes they made and how this can be prevented , there would be no civil lawsuit , ' allard said . audrie 's parents led the campaign to pass a california law which allows prosecutors to seek harsher sentences for juvenile sex offenders who take pictures of their crimes and use them to bully the victims . the trio of teenagers whom daily mail online is not identifying because they are minors , pleaded guilty in january 2014 and were sentenced to 30 to 45 days each in a juvenile detention facility . pott , from saratoga , california , hung herself september 10 , 2012 - just eight days after the teens digitally penetrated her at an alcohol-fueled labor day party and took pictures of her in a compromised state . the 15-year-old girl felt humiliated after she discovered that the cellphone photos showing her naked body covered in lewd comments written in marker had been shared with students at her school . in february , pott 's parents tried to get all three expelled from their schools - which they returned to after their sentences . cruel : pott , right , was assaulted after a night of drinking and boys spread photos of the attack . they launched a petition on the site change.org calling on the principals of saratoga high school and christopher high school to expel the three perpetrators responsible for audrie 's 'slut-shaming . ' at a party in early september 2012 , audrie pott drank alcohol-laced gatorade and woke up without her shorts on , with her face painted black and with mocking comments written in indelible marker all over her body . over the course of the next week , audrie learned that cellphone photos had been taken of her during the assault , which involved digital penetration , and shared with students at the school she attended with the three attackers . ' my life is over ... i ruined my life and i do n't even remember how , ' audrie said to a classmate in the days following the incident . she then pleaded with the boys to delete the photos . ' i swear to god if u still have those pictures illl killl u [ sic ] , ' she wrote to one of her alleged attackers in the days after the party . ' it 's gon na get out . ' another male classmate responded : ' lol that s*** gets around haha everyone knows mostly everything hahaah . ' left behind : audrie is pictured left with her father , step mother and half brother and sisters . eight days after the attack , on september 12 , 2012 , audrie hanged herself in a bathroom at her mother 's house . in police interviews , the teenagers admitted to coloring half of her face black with marker , then pulling down her bra , taking off her shorts and drawing on her breasts and near her genitals . they photographed themselves sexually assaulting her and , by the time she started her sophomore year at saratoga high school two days later , scores of students had seen the images . rolling stone magazine has revealed the torment audrie suffered in the days before her death and has detailed the messages she exchanged with her alleged attackers , whom she had known since middle school . she messaged one boy , vowing to kill him if he still had the images . ' they are deleted and i did n't take them , ' he wrote . ' i promise it was n't me . ' ' i 'm sorry about the marker , ' he added of the drawings that covered her body . she also messaged another boy who had been at the party to ask if one of the teenagers had photographs of her . ' ur fine , ' he responded . ' ill make sure nothing goes around . ' she replied : ' it 's gon na get out . s*** always does . especially with the people who were there . '  