manchester city may be still licking their wounds from their derby day mauling at bitter rivals manchester united on sunday , but the reigning premier league champions looked in determined mood as they trained on wednesday . preparing for their weekend clash at home to west ham united , manuel pellegrini 's stars were all in action at their etihad campus base . fresh from scoring premier league goals 99 and 100 in his city career , striker sergio aguero was back to his menacing best as he took part in shooting practice against goalkeeper joe hart . manchester city players were trained on wednesday ahead of their match on sunday at home to west ham . city striker sergio aguero fine-tuned his finishing skills with some shooting practice at their etihad campus . yaya toure ( left ) and samir nasri are reportedly two players who could leave the club in the summer . aguero , who signed a new five-year contract with the club in august , will certainly be one player who will remain at the etihad next season . the same can not necessarily be said for yaya toure and samir nasri - who are reportedly two players city are willing to listen to offers for in the summer . and the midfield duo looked out in the cold at one point during wednesday 's session as they appeared as nasri underwent some stretching exercises . in the aftermath of sunday 's defeat to united at old trafford , sky sports pundits gary neville and graeme souness were highly critical of toure . of the 31-year-old , the latter said that he had become ' a bit of a liability ' for city in the past two years , despite being instrumental to their premier league title win last season . toure was criticised by sky sports ' gary neville and graeme souness after city 's loss at manchester united . ' when he is playing and he has the ball at his feet , he is a real threat going forward , ' the former liverpool midfielder said . ' when they do n't have the ball he does n't want to take part and come back towards his own goal . ' ' he just does n't take part when city have the ball , they 're too easy to play against . and that 's a problem they 've had for the last couple of seasons . and maybe that 's one of the big reasons why . both the ivory coast international and nasri have come under criticism for recent displays on the pitch , but pellegrini will still be calling on their services as they look to cement a top four finish this season . the 61-year-old 's side currently sit fourth in the premier league with seven games remaining - four points clear of fifth-placed liverpool and with a far greater goal difference too . city players ' heads drop after conceding the fourth goal on sunday to their cross-city rivals at old trafford .