when even injuries are working in leicester 's favour , the other teams around the relegation zone should begin to worry . leonardo ulloa was not supposed to be starting this match , left out in favour of andrej kramaric . but when david nugent suffered injury in the warm-up , ulloa was sent on . inside 15 minutes he scored a goal that provided the platform for a victory that looks increasingly like being part of a truly great escape . that familiar melody was hummed loudly by leicester 's fans at full-time , fuelled by andy king 's late second goal and the sight of their team moving off the bottom of the table for the first time since november . leicester city defender marcin wasilewsk ( left ) hassles swansea playmaker gylfi sigurdsson ( right ) for the ball at the king power stadium . swansea winger wayne routledge ( centre ) jumps to avoid the challenges of leicester defenders as he surges forward on saturday . swansea city midfielder jack cork ( left ) prepares to block a cross from leicester 's esteban cambiasso during the premier league match . leicester 's andy king slides in with a strong challenge on swansea forward nelson oliveira during the match at the king power stadium .  leicester ( 3-4-1-2 ) : schmeichel 7 ; wasilewski 6 ( de laet 46’ 6 ) , huth 6.5 , morgan 6.5 ; albrighton 7 , king 7 , cambiasso 7.5 , schlupp 6.5 ; kramaric 6 ( drinkwater 74’ ) ; ulloa 7 ( mahrez 68’ 6 ) , vardy 7 . subs not used : konchesky , james , lawrence , schwarzer . manager : nigel pearson 7.5 . swansea ( 4-2-3-1 ) : fabianski 6.5 ; rangel 6 , fernandez 5.5 , williams 6 , amat 5.5 ; cork 6 , ki 5.5 ( montero 58’ 6 ) ; routledge 6 ( dyer 70’ 5 ) , shelvey 6 , sigurdsson 5 ; oliveira 5 ( emnes 75’ 5 ) . subs not used : britton , grimes , tremmel , bartley . booked : amat , shelvey . manager : garry monk 6 . referee : lee probert . attendance : 31,121 . man of the match : esteban cambiasso .  leonardo ulloa gives leicester the lead , scoring from wes morgan 's knock down .   one more goal would have taken them out of the relegation places instead of hull , but much more like this and that will come . this is three premier league wins in a row for the first time since 2000 . manager nigel pearson has been here before . leicester emerged for this game looking like , one imagines , the pack of dogs that pearson once fought off with a stick while hiking in the carpathian mountains . his side are finally bearing teeth at the end of an arduous season , two wins in succession providing genuine hope of a remarkable surge to safety . shifting off the bottom for the first time since november was the carrot for this game should defeat be avoided . pearson selected an attacking side , a 3-4-1-2 with genuine wingers in the wide roles . he sent on ulloa for the injured nugent and played andrej kramaric as no 10 . cambiasso ( front ) stretches to control the ball ahead of the oncoming swansea forward ki sung-yueng ( behind ) at the king power stadium . leicester hitman leonoardo ulloa ( right ) strikes the ball to score his side 's opening goal against swansea during the match on saturday . the home side began with feral ferocity . straight from kick-off jamie vardy drove at the swansea defence only being halted at the last by federico fernandez . the tone was set . the lead leicester craved was theirs in the 15th minute . ulloa made the premier league sit up and take notice at the start of the season with a flurry of goals , but his failure to maintain the momentum contributed largely to leicester 's decline . this was his first premier league goal in four months , but what an important one . following a corner the ball was recycled to marcin wasilewski , who launched a long ball from halfway that ulloa flicked-on to wes morgan , who had stayed up . the centre-back fed it back to the argentine who lashed home under the diving leg of ashley williams . the king power stadium erupted , and ulloa ran to the dugout to jon sanders , the club 's player liaison officer , and share a hug . leicester are very much together at the crucial stage of the season , as this performance illustrated . swansea were nothing like their fluid best , restricted to long shots easily held by kasper schmeichel . at half-time wasilewski was forced off , with richie de laet coming on , and leicester switched to four at the back . their energy remained . three minutes after the break marc albrighton fired a shot narrowly wide , and shortly after kramaric sent a chance over following a breakaway . schmeichel saved well from jonjo shelvey , was again from range , but it was leicester unpicking swansea 's defence with greater frequency . in the 55th minute vardy crossed to ulloa , who sent his header onto the roof of the net while back-peddling . a minute later , ulloa got free down right and centred , vardy miscued and kramaric ballooned a very good opening over . this has been a theme of leicester 's season , always positive but too often missing chances . it has previously proved costly . it would have done again in the 67th minute , but for a stunning save by schmeichel . nelson oliveira ran clear and stayed on his feet when robert huth made a desperate lunge – referee lee probert could have awarded a penalty and possibly red in any case . schmeichel came out in star jump fashion – like his dad peter – and thwarted oliveira 's finish . ulloa rushes over to supporters to celebrate a crucial goal in the club 's bid to avoid relegation from the premier league this season . leicester 's andrej kramaric ( left ) has a shot at goal blocked by swansea centre-back jordi amat ( right ) at the king power stadium . swansea city boss garry monk ( right ) gives instructions to defender angel rangel ( left ) during the match against leicester on saturday . wasilewski ( centre left ) gives chase to swansea's oliveria ( centre ) who surges forward with the ball for the visitors on saturday . leicester skipper wes morgan slides in with a strong challenge from behind on swansea winger routledge during the match on saturday . morgan ( right ) tussles for possession with oliveria ( left ) as leicester take on swansea at the king power stadium on saturday . leicester 's king ( right ) jumps highest to head the ball away from swansea's oliveira during the premier league match on saturday . schmeichel grasped the ball and blew out his cheeks moments later after saving another snap shot from shelvey . jefferson montero than saw his shot deflect wide off morgan when it could have gone anywhere . from then the game was leicester 's . through vardy , albrighton and substitute riyad mahrez they possessed pace to counter at speed swansea struggled to handle . in the 73rd minute vardy led a two-on-one breakaway but over-hit his pass to mahrez allowing lukasz fabianski time to dive and block . vardy was again clear six minutes later through danny drinkwater 's pass and fell under contact from ashley williams as he pushed the ball past the swansea captain . pearson was incensed but it would have been soft . vardy sent another chance over , and fabianski palmed wide a stinging shot by mahrez . but a minute from time leicester did seal the win . esteban cambiasso , superb all afternoon , fired a free-kick through swansea 's wall , fabianski spilled the ball , and king applied the required tap-in . the noise was phenomenal . leicester believe . swansea city midfielder jonjo shelvey ( left ) skips away from the challenge of leicester winger marc albrighton during the match on saturday . king scores leicester 's second goal on the rebound following cambiasso 's parried free-kick to secure a 2-0 win for the home side . king celebrates his goal which sees leicester move off the bottom of the premier league table for the first time since november last year .