a scottish castle commandeered by winston churchill to help prepare troops for the d-day landings has gone on sale for £1.75million . the 19th century castle toward , near dunoon , was used to ready soldiers for landing at a beach and was commissioned as hms brontosaurus in 1942 . overlooking the clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline , the castle was deemed an ideal training ground for thousands of british troops . soldiers practised beach landings - complete with bombs , smokescreens and strafing fighters - jumping from landing craft and clambering up the beach in preparation for the events of june 6 , 1944 , in normandy . for sale : castle toward , near dunoon , which played a crucial but little-known role in defeating the nazis , has gone on the market for £1.75m . training ground : overlooking the clyde estuary and with easy access to the sloping shoreline , the castle was used as a training base for d-day . danger : the training at the grounds was very realistic and incredibly demanding - many servicemen were killing during exercises . allied soldiers would spend a week of intensive training at the castle , which included swimming in full kit and daily exercises on the surrounding hills . brontosaurus was visited by both churchill and supreme allied commander lord mountbatten during this time . the training was so realistic and demanding that many servicemen were killed in accidents . the castle 's rich military history is still clear to see . one room is named after churchill and the foundations of the huts built to accommodate visiting troops still stand in parts of the grounds . preparations : the grounds of the 19th century castle on the cowal peninsula in argyll and bute was used to ready troops for d-day . deep waters : swimming training saw the forces jump off the pier and they then had to wade to shore in full military gear . army base : troops were stationed at the castle , where they trained off the coast of scotland , in preparation for the d-day landings of 1944 . camp : with easy access to the sloping shoreline , castle toward was a perfect place to train troops in amphibious warfare . historic : the d-day landings on june 6 , 1944 , led to the liberation of france from nazi control , and contributed to an allied victory in the war . timings : the normandy landings were originally scheduled to take place in may - then postponed until june and put off again at the last minute for 24 hours due to bad weather . across the uk , troops took part in various military exercises in preparation for d-day . in late 1943 the war cabinet had agreed to the building of an assault training centre on the south devon coast , and 3,000 civilians in six villages were ordered to leave their homes . the first large training exercises - on the south devon coast at slapton sands – revealed communications problems , lack of mission comprehension , poor crisis management abilities and a general sense of chaos . on april 28 , 1944 , 749 us soldiers and sailors died after three ships involved in a training exercise were ambushed by german torpedo . exercise tiger was one of the biggest full-scale rehearsals before d-day , involving all 23,000 us soldiers who were planning to land on the normandy beach codenamed utah . slapton sands had been chosen because of its similarity to the french beach . apart from the devon and scotland coastline , training also took place at camp gordon johnston near carrabelle , florida . mr jepson , of the combined operations association , said the troops stationed at the castle were planning for a return to mainland europe . he said it was essential the different branches of the forces - army , navy and air - learned to work together for the return to france . he said : ' they had to start from scratch and start planning for the return to france . they started the combined service centres where they planned the actual landings . ' of course they had very little to start off with . they developed various crafts and weapons . ' speaking about the conditions for the troops at brontosaurus , he explained : ' they were under a lot of pressure . sadly there were a lot of accidents and a lot of people were killed . ' with the ramp down they would jump into what they thought was shallow water and some drowned . ' ' swimming training would see them jump off the pier and swim to shore in full kit . ' he said the raf would at times fly over the scottish beaches dropping bombs and smoke screens . ' it had to be as realistic as possible , ' he said . ' it must have been an amazing site with the landing crafts , ships and tanks coming and going . ' talking about castle toward he said : ' it was ideal where it was . it 's a beautiful building and historically important . ' castle toward was built in 1820 by kirkman finlay , a former lord provost of glasgow , as his family 's country house . following its use by the allied forces , the estate was bought by the corporation of glasgow in 1946 and was used as an educational facility . its ownership passed to argyll and bute council in 1996 after local government reorganisation and the authority has been trying to sell the estate for the past few years . it has only been put on the open market after plans for a community buyout were rejected by the council after it only offered £850,000 . the castle includes 25 bedrooms , six reception rooms and extensive grounds with stunning views over the cowal peninsula near dunoon . on the market : the castle , which is being sold by estate agents , baird lumsden , contains 12 shower rooms and an observation tower . historic : the castle offers stunning views over the cowal peninsula near dunoon and is set within 125 acres of land . picturesque : the property enjoys fine views over the clydeestuary towards the isles of bute , arran and cumbrae .  