cad : poet rupert brooke had a string of short-lived relationships with various women before he died aged 27 in april 1915 . poet rupert brooke has long had a reputation as a ' young apollo ' , a symbol of innocent youth who was cut down in his prime during the senseless slaughter of the first world war . but a new haul of previously unseen letters show that he was in fact a slightly caddish womaniser who had a string of affairs without ever settling down . the documents , brought to light for the first time thanks to a £430,000 grant , show brooke 's lovers complaining about his refusal to take their relationships seriously . the letters are part of the john schroder collection , which has spent decades in private hands but will now be available to the public after being bought by king 's college , cambridge , where the poet was a student . brooke , who died 100 years ago today at the age of just 27 , became a semi-legendary figure thanks to his early death and his popular poems such as the soldier . his obituary was written by winston churchill , who called him ' all that one would wish england 's noblest sons to be ' . however , the letters in the schroder collection - including 170 documents written by brooke himself - show a somewhat different side to the great poet . king 's archivist patricia mcguire said that brooke was ' promiscuous even for a man of his time ' and carried on relationships with multiple girlfriends . ' several women thought he was going to marry them - he may have thought that he was going to , ' dr mcguire told the times . ' i think he was happy to spend a lot of time with as many women as he could . ' among the lovers whose affairs with brooke are featured in the letters are hollywood star cathleen nesbitt , artist phyllis gardner , and laurence olivier 's cousin noël . lovers : cathleen nesbitt , left , and phyllis gardner , right , are among the women who had affairs with brooke . popular : brooke became one of britain 's best-loved poets after his premature death . nesbitt wrote to eddie marsh , brooke 's biographer , saying : ' i 've no intention of marrying anybody for years to come - nor , i hope , has rupert - though i should n't be in the least surprised if he settled in the wild with a squaw and a wigwam . ' in another letter , she described the poet 's care-free attitude in the face of the danger he submitted himself to in the war . nesbitt wrote : ' when i talked of all things coming to an end he would always laugh and say , `` hush - there 's never any end when things are perfect . '' ' this is not the first time that brooke 's reputation has taken a battering - previously discovered letters have shown him expressing unpalatable views on jews and homosexuals . and this year a book about his affair with phyllis gardner revealed that he opposed the women 's rights movements and privately said that ' all women are beasts ' . the pair bathed naked together near grantchester , the village outside cambridge where brooke lived in the old vicarage , now home to jeffrey archer . trove : peter jones of king 's college , cambridge with a haul of letters which the college has now bought thanks to a £430,000 grant . home : the old vicarage in grantchester , cambridgeshire , where brooke once lived . if i should die , think only this of me : that there 's some corner of a foreign field . that is forever england . there shall be . in that rich earth a richer dust concealed ; a dust whom england bore , shaped , made aware , gave , once , her flowers to love , her ways to roam , a body of england 's , breathing english air , washed by the rivers , blest by the suns of home . and think , this heart , all evil shed away , a pulse in the eternal mind , no less . gives somewhere back the thoughts by england given ; her sights and sounds ; dreams happy as her day ; and laughter , learnt of friends ; and gentleness , in hearts at peace , under an english heaven . despite the recent revelations , brooke has retained his image as a ' young apollo ' cut down in his prime , whose poems encapsulate typically english scenes . his poem the soldier , featuring the line ' there 's some corner of a foreign field that is forever england ' , was immensely popular during the first world war , and made even more poignant when brooke himself died while on active service on april 23 , 1915 . churchill wrote in his obituary , published in the times : ' he was all that one would wish england 's noblest sons to be in the days when no sacrifice but the most precious is acceptable , and the most precious is that which is most freely proffered . ' peter jones , the librarian at king 's , said : ' it is hard to realise today just how significant brooke 's impact was 100 years ago . ' in the early 20th century as a poet you were fortunate to sell 200-300 copies of your work . just after his death , brooke 's close friend and patron eddie marsh published 1914 and other poems . ' the first edition of 1,000 sold out immediately and , in all , 160,000 copies were sold of various impressions . ' he added : ' we now know much more about brooke as a person and he is certainly more interesting and , in some ways more difficult , than the heroic image portrayed at the time of his death . ' he was a conflicted individual . he had a major breakdown in 1912 and had disastrous relationships with the women who loved him . ' one of the letters now made available reveals how brooke 's mother mary ruth sought to avoid turning her son into an icon , and also intervened to stop marsh inserting details of his more sordid relationships . lorna beckett , chairman of the rupert brooke society , said : ' he was an interesting , complex and likeable person who is still suffering from the hostile backlash brought about by the `` young apollo '' myth created straight after his death . '