the husband of missing woman jessica bialek has posted a heartfelt thank you on social media to everyone who helped bring his wife home . the sydney photographer returned to her husband sabino matera and their daughter on thursday evening after she vanished on the way to the bank around 8.30am on wednesday morning . confirming the 37-year-old was safe , mr matera wrote on facebook : ' dear world of friends and family , i am here to express my most sincere gratitude for the amazing support from all of you . ' the last 24hr have been hell for me and my family and you all made a huge positive impact on the great outcome : jess safe back home . ' ms bialek returned to her coogee home , in sydney 's south-eastern suburbs , around 6.30pm on thursday after police launched an investigation into her disappearance and the local community pulled together to find her . scroll down for video . the father of missing sydney woman jessica bialek ( pictured ) made a desperate plea for information about her whereabouts . jessica 's husband sabino matera issued a heartfelt thank you to everyone who helped find his wife . ' jessica is safe and at home . found . thank you , ' mr matera posted on his facebook account . he later wrote : ' thank you for all your prays . thank you for the search . thank you facebook . thank you for showing me the greatest community i underestimated i had behind my family . ms bialek 's husband , sabino matera , confirmed she was home with a post on his facebook page . ' thank you for the calls , messages . thank you for the food . thanks you police workforce , you have been unbelievable ! i am overwhelmed by the people that joined forces for this huge task : returning a mother at home safe.to all of you mothers : thank you . ' thank you to the jewish community and its spirit of solidarity . all your words have a special place in my heart and will never be forgotten.thank you god for bringing back jessica home safely.thank you . ' police have confirmed ms bialek returned home , and she is now speaking with officers about her disappearance . police thanked the public and media for their help in locating the mother-of-one . ms bialek had last been seen by her family when she left home to walk to the bank . her husband said he spoke to her that morning but she has been ' out of reach since then ' . on thursday afternoon jessica 's father michael bialek , who had just flown in from melbourne , fronted media to appeal for information . ' we would obviously like to appeal to anyone who may have contacted or had contact with jess , ' mr bialek said . the mother-of-one was last seen leaving her home in coogee on wednesday morning , around 8.30am . michael bialek said he simply wants to know his daughter is safe and well , even if she wants to be alone . ' we are desperate to find out from her that she 's safe and if there 's a reason she wants to be on her own we just want to know she 's safe , that 's all we 're concerned about , ' he added with emotion in his voice . mr bialek said jessica , her husband and daughter had been visiting family in melbourne during the easter break before returning to sydney on tuesday . ' tuesday morning was the last time.. . i walked down to the lobby of our apartment building and that was the last time i saw jess , ' her distraught father revealed . michael bialek also described as a ' complex character as many young people are today ' but added she was a loving mother , daughter and wife and he simply wanted her home . detective superintendent gavin dengate said the reason police were involved shortly after jessica 's disappearance was due to how ' out of character ' it was . ' the reason is it 's out of character , totally out of character for jessica to go missing , ' he said on thursday . police worked through phone records , social media , cctv , and financial records to try and locate the woman , detective superintendent dengate said . her husband sabino matera made a worried plea on facebook in a bid to help find her . he added that officers had also been door-knocking and checking moteliers in an attempt to discover where she may have stayed on wednesday evening . ' she went missing yesterday at 8.30 in the morning so one of our lines of inquiry ... is to look at where she may have stayed last night , ' the officer said . on wednesday jessica 's devastated husband first took to social media in a plea for help in locating his missing wife , sparking a swift response from friends and the public . sharing two pictures of his wife wearing sunglasses on the social media site , he wrote : ' important message ! as per today , jessica has gone missing . police are concerned for her welfare and have released a photo of jessica smiling ( left ) as an investigation is launched into her disappearance . jessica is described as being of caucasian appearance , 170-175cm tall , with a slim build and black hair . ‘ i spoke to her this morning at 8.30am and she has been out of reach since then . we are very concerned about jessica . please help me to find her ! she left home without her car and not made contact nor returned home . her phone is off . this is a real alarm . ’ concerned friends and family reacted to the facebook status , sending messages of hope and support and sharing more photos of the sydney woman . ‘ thinking of you right now sabino , jessica bialek please call someone , ’ one friend wrote . ‘ praying for jessica 's safe return xxx thinking of you and family right now be strong , ’ another said . ms bialek is an accomplished freelance photographer with an interest in the performing arts and fashion . according to her website , she has worked for the australian ballet , opera victoria and circus oz .