antonio conte insisted his return to turin for italy 's 1-1 draw against england prompted ' very fond memories ' , despite reports he received death threats in the days leading up to the friendly . former juventus manager conte replaced cesare prandelli as italy boss in august after the azzurri 's world cup group-stage exit last summer , but his first seven months in charge of the national team have been topsy-turvy . italy required a late goal from eder to rescue a 2-2 draw against bulgaria last saturday and conte reportedly received death threats from juventus fans after claudio marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the euro 2016 qualifier . antonio conte insisted his return to turin prompted ' fond memories ' , despite reports he received death threats . conte guided juventus to three serie a titles during his time as manager but became italy boss in august . conte , who guided the turin giants to three serie a titles before taking over as italy boss in august , was back at juventus stadium for tuesday night 's friendly with england and admitted the occasion had been emotional . ' i have been quite emotional over the last few days , including at training yesterday , and being back here brought back some very fond memories , ' he told the italian football federation website . graziano pelle 's first-half strike looked like being enough to earn italy victory , but andros townsend 's long-range effort 11 minutes from time secured england a share of the spoils . conte ( left ) gestures after england striker harry kane was involved in a clash with italy 's giorgio chiellini . the italy manager , who admitted it had been an ' emotional ' week for him , enjoyed his team 's 1-1 draw . conte was disappointed italy could not hold on to their lead , but was encouraged by their play as they stretched their unbeaten run to eight games . ' it 's a shame ( to concede the equaliser ) because we had a lot of chances against a good england team , ' he added . graziano pelle celebrates scoring the opening goal for italy on tuesday night at the juventus stadium . andros townsend fired in a brilliant goal from 25 yards to level the scores for england in the friendly match . ' nevertheless , i 'm pleased because i got answers from all the players , both the ones that played the full 90 minutes and others , such as ( mirko ) valdifiori , who played only 60 . ' we still need to continue to work hard in order to allow the players to develop and be ready at international level . we need them to gain confidence for them to get even better . ' 