one in five chinese restaurants are believed to be serving shark fin soup exploiting a legal loophole allowing people to bring the meat to this country if it is for personal consumption , a charity claims . the loophole came to light after trading standards officers raided restaurant the royal china club , on baker street in central london , and confiscated illegally imported fins . charity bite-back , which campaigns to protect sharks , reported the eatery after jason chan , its marketing manager , boasted that it sold the soup and another dish made with ground shark teeth . scroll down for video . the revelations come after the royal china club , a restaurant in central london , was raided by inspectors after boasting of selling shark fin soup and another dish made from ground shark teeth . charity workers say that restaurants are either disguising the soup ( pictured ) on their menus as ' fish fin soup ' , or are offering it to mandarin speaking customers if they ask . more than 70 million sharks are killed each year for their fins , often dying slow , painful deaths after being dumped back into the sea once their most valuable parts have been cut off . graham buckingham , campaign director at bite-back , told the times he was disappointed that the royal china club was not fined for their breach . he added : ' there 's never any big penalty for this type of discovery and even if trading standards had chosen to prosecute , the fines are described as minimal . ' charity bite-back believes as many as one in five chinese restaurants are selling the soup after exploiting a loophole which allows people to bring 20kg of fins into the country if they are for personal consumption . while conducting research for a recent report , mr buckingham 's charity discovered a legal loophole allowing for 20kg of shark fin to be brought into this country if it is for personal consumption . just one kilogram of shark fin can fetch up to £180 through wholesale markets . he said as many as one in five chinese restaurants could be offering the dish , but many disguised it as ' fish fin soup ' or did not put it on the menu , but offered it to mandarin speaking patrons .