whatever caused small space rocks to lump together billions of years ago , magnetism is unlikely to be the reason . scientists announced today that measurements made by the european space probe philae , which landed on comet 67p in november , show the comet 's core is n't magnetised . some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation . a composite of 18 images showing off the comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko activity from different angles as seen between 31 january ( top left ) and 25 march ( bottom right ) , when the spacecraft was at distances of about 30 to 100 km from the comet . but in a paper published online by the journal science , the team led by hans-ulrich auster at the technical university of braunschweig , germany , said their data — which benefited from three unexpected bounces that allowed philae to collect more results than planned — do n't support this theory . ' if the surface was magnetised , we would have expected to see a clear increase in the magnetic field readings as we got closer and closer to the surface , ' said auster . ' if comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko is representative of all cometary nuclei , then we suggest that magnetic forces are unlikely to have played a role in the accumulation of planetary building blocks greater than one meter ( 3 feet ) in size . ' allan h. treiman , a senior scientist at the lunar and planetary institute in houston , texas , who was n't involved in the study , said the results credibly suggest other forces were responsible . magnetic data before ( top ) and after ( bottom ) the cliff collision at between the first and second touchdowns . height above the surface is plotted on the x-axis and magnetic field strength on the y-axis . the measurements ( crosses ) are compared with a hypothetical model ( solid line ) assuming a slightly magnetised surface . data collected by the rosetta plasma consortium fluxgate magnetometer on board the orbiter ( top ) and the rosetta lander magnetometer and plasma monitor on board the lander ( bottom ) have been used to investigate the magnetic properties of comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko . studying the properties of a comet can provide clues to the role that magnetic fields played in the formation of solar system bodies almost 4.6 billion years ago . the infant solar system was once nothing more than a swirling disc of gas and dust but , within a few million years , the sun burst into life in the centre of this turbulent disc , with the leftover material going into forming the asteroids , comets , moons and planets . the dust contained an appreciable fraction of iron , some of it in the form of magnetite . indeed , millimetre-sized grains of magnetic materials have been found in meteorites , indicating their presence in the early solar system . this leads scientists to believe that magnetic fields threading through the proto-planetary disc could have played an important role in moving material around as it started to clump together to form larger bodies . ' auster did not find any magnetic field , with a very sensitive instrument , so it seems unlikely that magnetism in the solar nebula was significant for the collection of meter-sized objects , ' treiman said in an email . ' at that scale , it seems likely that electrostatic or gravitational attraction would be stronger . ' the findings are part of a series of scientific results obtained by scientists analyzing data collected by the philae lander and its mothership rosetta , which is flying alongside the comet on its elliptical orbit around the sun . magnetic data providing an estimate of the final landing region . initially , philae was seen to rotate slowly during the descent to agilkia . it landed and then bounced , rotating significantly faster as the momentum of the internal flywheel was transferred to the lander . some astrophysicists have suggested that magnetism might have been responsible for aligning and then binding together rocks into larger boulders during the early stages of planet formation . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .