when jasmine midgley was born with a birthmark , her parents were assured it was nothing to worry about . but within weeks it had nearly killed her , after doctors failed to realise it was cutting off her air supply . at just 10 weeks old , she was rushed back to hospital because the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat , almost closing over her airways and choking her . jasmine midgley nearly died after a birthmark began blocking her airways . her parents tanja and steven were warned she may not survive . in the days after her birth , the seemingly harmless mark had started growing into her throat , almost closing over her airways and choking her . doctors diagnosed a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma - a benign tumour made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper . despite several trips to the gp and a & e , her parents tanja and steven , of stockton-on-tees , had been repeatedly told their daughter had bronchiolitis . this is a common infection of the upper airways that most often affects babies and young children . but when antibiotics failed to help jasmine 's severe cold-like symptoms , she was kept in the university hospital of north tees overnight . her life-threatening problem was only detected the next day when a new doctor came onto the ward and noticed the birthmark - which by now had spread all over her neck - was cutting off her air supply . doctors explained the birthmark had sparked the problems because of a rare condition called a subglottic hemangioma . haemangiomas are benign tumors made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper . they usually appear days to weeks after birth and the type that affected jasmine occur in the breathing passage , just below the vocal cords . if they grow and are left untreated , they can cause potentially fatal breathing difficulties . mrs midgeley , 39 , a full-time mother , said : ' i had my suspicions the birth mark might have been responsible for jasmine 's illness . ' we 'd been told that it was nothing to worry about , even though it had spread all over her neck by this stage . despite several trips to the gp and a & e , her parents tanja and steven , of stockton-on-tees , had been repeatedly told their daughter had bronchiolitis - a common infection of the airways . jasmine was treated successfully with medication which shrunk the blood vessels over two weeks . her mother claims doctors were surprised she survived . ' the new doctor took one look at her and knew right away that her sickness was connected to it . ' jasmine 's birthmark did n't become visible until she was about a week old . her mother added : ' it continued to grow and steven mentioned that it was getting a lot bigger . ' but all my kids had birthmarks and i told him they just disappear on their own . she added : ' it was n't until we were in hospital and the nurse mentioned it that we put two and two together . ' after being seen by a doctor , jasmine was transferred to the royal victoria infirmary in newcastle and taken into theatre for a closer examination . meanwhile her father , the manager of a waste transfer centre , began googling his daughter 's symptoms . mrs midgley said : ' we were really scared . the search brought up some horrible pictures but at the same time , i felt we were in the best possible place and she was getting the attention she needed . now four months old , jasmine is thriving . her father said : ' she is so much happier and settled . it 's really scary to think that she was essentially choking on this birthmark and we did n't know ' . ' when the doctors and nurses wheeled jasmine back in they were grey - they could n't believe what they had found . ' jasmine was treated successfully with medication which shrunk the blood vessels over two weeks and her mother claims doctors were surprised she survived . haemangiomas are benign tumors made up of blood vessels that can be on the skin or go deeper . they usually appear days to weeks after birth and can occur anywhere in the body . in the head and neck , haemangiomas can be located on or around the face , eyes , ears , saliva glands , mouth , and tongue . the type that affected jasmine occur in the breathing passage , just below the vocal cords , and are called ' subglottic hemangiomas ' . if they grow and are left untreated , they can cause potentially fatal breathing difficulties . subglottic hemangiomas may form a large mass in the subglottic airway causing varying degrees of airway obstruction . many require active intervention because of their life-threatening nature in the airway . symptoms of one include : croup-like cough . noisy breathing when inhaling and exhaling . difficulty breathing . now four months old , jasmine is thriving . mr midgley , 43 , said : ' she is a completely different baby now , she is so much happier and settled . ' it 's really scary to think that she was essentially choking on this birthmark and we did n't know . ' a spokesman for north tees and hartlepool nhs foundation trust said : ' birthmarks like these are very rare and difficult to spot . ' we 're very pleased that the problem was identified the very next morning and jasmine got the care she needed . ' her father has now decided to run more than 100 miles in races , triathlons and obstacle courses to raise money for the sick children 's trust . the charity supported the family when jasmine was being treated in february , putting them up free of charge near the royal victoria infirmary . he said : ' it was invaluable to us as it meant tanja and i could stay nearby the hospital while jasmine was in the pediatric intensive care unit and we could be just seconds away if we were needed . ' it was an absolute godsend and gave us some normality throughout the ordeal . ' mr midgley who only quit his 40-a-day smoking habit seven months ago , is now taking part in the dozen events , over the spring and summer , and running weekly parkruns , to raise money for the charity . to support the fundraising effort visit : https : //www.justgiving.com/steven-midgley/ or facebook.com/teammidge .