a series of thought-provoking clothing labels have been photographed in a bid to raise awareness of the horrific plight of those toiling in sweatshops around the world . the canadian fair trade network is hoping the images will make people think about the garments they are wearing and just where they have come from . teaming up with the advertsiing agency rethink , the photographs feature clothing labels telling the tragic stories of factory workers from bangladesh , cambodia and sierra leone . each label says that the product is 100 per cent cotton - but adds that is not the whole story and follows on with a snap shot of just who could have made the item . scroll down for video . the label in the red hooded top highlights the case of 34-year-old tejan who had been coughing up blood but carried on working for fear of losing his job . one of the labels , sewn into a yellow , cable jumper , reveals a day in the life of behnly and reads : ' made in cambodia by behnly , nine years old . he gets up at 5am every morning to make his way to the garment factory where he works . ' it will be dark when he arrives and dark when he leaves . he dresses lightly because the temperature in the room he works reaches 30 degrees . ' the dust in the room fills his nose and mouth . he will make less than a dollar , for a day spent slowly suffocating . a mask would cost the company ten cents.the label doesn’t tell the whole story . ' a red hooded top focuses on the life of tejan , a father-of-two , and bears the label : ' made in sierra leone by tejan . the first few times he coughed up blood he hid it from his family . they couldn’t afford medical treatment and he couldn’t risk losing his long-time job at the cotton plantation . this label describes the story of behnly , nine , who has been working since 5am . ' when he fell into a seizure one day it could no longer be ignored . the diagnosis was pesticide poisoning . ' the lack of proper protective clothing has left him with leukemia at the age of 34 . he has two daughters . one of them starts work at the factory next year . the label doesn’t tell the whole story . ' the final image , of a smart jacket , highlights a working day for 12-year-old joya . the label says : ' made in bangladesh by joya who left school at the age of 12 to help support her two brothers and newly widowed mother . ' her father was killed when a fire ripped through the cotton factory where he works . she now works in the building across the street from the burned down factory . a constant reminder of the risk she takes everyday . ' the jacket was made by 12-year-old joya , says the label , who has to support her family after losing her father in a factory fire opposite where she is working . ' it 's time for change , ' said the canadian fair trade network . ' buying fairtrade ensures workers are being compensated fairly and not exposed to unsafe working conditions . ' rachel wilshaw , oxfam 's ethical trade manager , said the charity welcomed the campaign . ' oxfam welcomes campaigns like this which use a creative approach to making consumers aware of the plight of garment workers on poverty wages , ' she said . ' in bangladesh for instance , the minimum wage is just $ 68 a month , far too low to support a family , an issue that oxfam highlights in our report even it up ! time to end extreme inequality . ' consumers concerned to find out which brands are tackling poverty wages can refer to oxfam 's new briefing paper steps towards a living wage in global supply chains . ' the conditions of workers in clothing factories came under the spotlight following the collapse of the rana plaza building in dhaka , bangladesh , on 24 april , 2013 . the tragedy resulted in the death of 1,129 people and a further 2,515 people were injured , many of whom were making clothing for big name brands . the incident saw the launch of fashion revolution day , a now annual event which takes place on 24 april and invites people from around the world to turn their clothing inside out to display the label , take a selfie and ask # whomademyclothes via twitter .