disgraced : christopher wheeler , 54 , has been sentenced to 50 years in prison for dealing child pornography ( mugshot from 2013 ) . a disgraced former headmaster of a $ 27,000-a-year prep school has been sentenced to 50 years in prison for dealing child pornography . christopher wheeler , 54 , who worked at the exclusive tower hill school in delaware , had more than 2,000 images and videos of boys engaging in sex acts with men when police raided his $ 350,000 mansion in wilmington in october 2013 . one of those showed a naked boy with his head being held by an adult male while performing a sex act . court documents say wheeler was running net shred - a program designed to eradicate internet history - when authorities knocked on his door . the discovery led to the accomplished composer and pilot being fired from a job he had held for nine years , which had a salary of nearly $ 3700,000 . the investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually his adopted son , aspiring professional golfer nikolai , and two other teenagers . nikolai has however denied the allegations and wheeler has not faced abuse charges . he was sentenced by superior court judge eric m. davis on friday , the same judge who found him guilty of the shocking crimes in december . wheeler opted for a non-jury trial in september which only last one day . she told the court on friday wheeler had ' developed a pattern of internet browsing for child pornography . ' after police searched his school-owned mansion , his private plane and his school office , he tried to flee , but turned himself into authorities less than a month later . according to the delaware news journal , he turned down a plea bargain which may have substantially reduced his sentence . wheeler 's attorney , thomas a. foley , plans to appeal the sentence , claiming delaware law requiring two years behind bars on each count is ' obscene and outrageous ' . fall from grace : the former headmaster at the exclusive tower hill school in delaware , who earned nearly $ 370,000 a year in the position , was arrested after police searched his mansion , school office and private plane in 2013 . he insisted that the court wanted to paint wheeler as ' mr filthy ' insisting there is ' no proof he knew ' the child images were there . but davis stated the sheer number of indecent images did not inadvertently end up on his computer . prosecutor abigail layton told the paper after sentencing : ' think about what is contained in each of those pictures . ' in those pictures , kids are being raped and violated and it is captured on film for the rest of their life , the life of the internet . their worst moments are on film . ' she added wheeler had used child porn for his ' own gratification ' and ' it was not by mistake , it was by design . ' he had previously been assistant head of school and dean of admissions at lake forest academy in illinois and had held a post at st. paul 's school in garden city , new york . property : police discovered more than 2,000 images of children engaging in sex acts with men during a raid on his school-owned mansion in wilmington , delaware ( pictured ) . in the 1970s he was accused of attacking two brothers from a family he had befriended at westtown friends school . according to a search warrant seen by the news journal , the pair decided to bring up the allegations after the child sex abuse case of former penn state university assistant coach jerry sandusky . wheeler wrote a letter to one of the brothers which , according to court documents , read : ' i did those things . i am the one responsible . ' i will not compound your pain by attempting to deny or in any way deflect responsibility for my actions 35 years ago . i 'll wait to hear from you about further appropriate steps towards resolution and restitution . ' school administrators said last month they had found no evidence wheeler had abused any students there . they added that he had been ' thoroughly vetted ' before taking the job . founded in 1919 by du pont family members , tower 's hill 's graduates include us senator chris coons , former governor and congressman . mike castle , dupont co. chief executive ellen kullman and television personality dr. oz . the school , named one of the top 50 in the united states , has around 750 students aged from three to 18 . history : founded in 1919 by du pont family members , tower 's hill 's graduates include us senator chris coons , former governor and congressman . mike castle and television personality dr. oz . claims : the investigation stemmed from allegations he had sexually his adopted son , aspiring professional golfer nikolai ( pictured ) , and two other teenagers . nikolai has however denied the allegations . esteemed : the school , named one of the top 50 in the united states , has around 750 students aged from three to 18 .