for one determined texas teen , accomplishing a goal on a list of things to do before turning 21 was caught in a touching moment . as ben sunderman , 19 , who has down syndrome waited to find out whether he got a spot on the special education internship with embassy suites , the anticipation was overwhelming for the family . in the video filmed by his mother , he thoroughly looks over the letter on april 10 as she anxiously interrupts him wanting to know the decision - which he does not reveal until the end shouting ' i get it . i get the job ! ' with hugs , laughs and excitement all around , the priceless reaction left him and his family with big smiles . scroll down for video . for texas teen ben sunderman , it was a proud moment ( above ) last week when he ticked a goal of getting a job off his list of things to do before turning 21 that was captured on video . during the three-minute video posted onto facebook by his dad scott sunderman , ben reads the letter and his mom eagerly interrupts asking if he got it which he quiets her several times ( left ) . once he finishes reading it , he freezes with shock as he takes in the news ( right ) . during the three-minute video posted onto facebook by ben 's father , scott sunderman , the family is in their kitchen while his mother sharon sunderman is filming the moment . as ben begins to read the letter , he is heard saying ' congratulations ' to which is mom says ' ben what does that mean ? ' he quiets her by putting up his hand and continues to read the letter but hilariously she can not contain her excitement and keeps stopping him as he reads . ben shouts ' i get it , i get the job ! ' as he rushes over to his dad and leaps into his arms as they embrace in a big hug . ben 's mom , sharon ( pictured above with her husband scott ) said they always encouraged their son to do everything he could do . once he finishes reading the letter in its entirety , he puts it down and freezes with shock as he takes in the news . he then looks at his parents and shouts ' i got a job ' as he rushes over to his dad and leaps into his arms as they embrace in a big hug . his mom is heard cheering loudly as they all celebrate over his acceptance letter for the internship . ben puts up both of his fists as he finally has accomplished one of the things on his list before turning 21 - which also includes building his muscles and finding a girlfriend . but for the 19-year-old , this achievement comes behind a line of others . last year , his mom said he won the title of prom king by a landslide , according to abc . last year , ben 's mom said he won prom king by a landslide at school ( pictured above ) . ben was one of 12 students with special needs who earned a spot on the internship which will begin in august . ' we just always encouraged him to do everything he could do , ' she told abc . ' he does his laundry like his siblings , makes his bed like his siblings . ' his internship - which he applied for through project search , a program that helps children with disabilities progress from high school to the working world - will begin in august . ben will travel from his home where he lives with his parents in mckinney to the hotel via public transportation , working eight hours for the internship . only 11 other students with special needs received an acceptance letter for the placement that will teach them skills in administrative services and housekeeping at embassy suites , nicole buvari from the company told news 8 . and following the news , the family continues to take in the excitement from their son 's latest accomplishment . ' everyone sees him as ben and loves him for who he is , which is great , ' mrs sunderman told abc . ' just the joy that ben has at the fact that he is able to get a job and be part of the community . that 's what every parent wants for their kid . '