a tortoise has been reunited with his owner after spending nearly a year on the run and even finding a new home - at the age of 109 . owner wendy stokes , 74 , had given up hope of ever seeing toby again after he escaped from her garden 11 months ago . but he has now returned home and after piecing together his escapades over the last year , it 's become apparent he 's had quite an adventure . reunited : wendy stokes , 74 , is delighted to have 109-year-old toby back after his escape 11 months ago . he wandered through a gate in her garden and headed for the open road where he was picked up by a passing driver concerned for his safety and taken to a nearby animal rescue centre . six months ago , he was re-homed with a couple living in margate , kent , 22 miles away from wendy 's farm in west hougham . but the couple , who could just about make out the word ' stokes ' written in white paint on his shell , felt they needed to find out who tony belonged to . with nothing else to go on , they decided to call every stokes in kent listed in the phonebook . eventually came across a delighted wendy , who immediately arranged to collect him . she 's had toby since the 1980s when he was given to her by her late great aunt . he was returned home last sunday , a full 11 months after his amazing , if a little slow , adventure . wendy has had toby since the 1980s and wrote her surname , stokes , on his back in white paint . retired farm worker wendy said : ' i had painted my name and number on the side of his shell but it had faded when he went missing so they could n't read it . ' the people who found him could read stokes but they could n't make out the number . ' he had got out because i had left my gate open . it is normally closed because we have sheep in the paddock but they were in a different field . ' toby just walked out and trotted towards the road where somebody picked him up and took him to a rescue centre . ' everyone knows i have a tortoise and we always take him to the village fete so he is a bit of a local celebrity . ' i was devastated when he went missing and spent weeks looking for him in all the fields around the farm . ' she added : ' i went all goosey when they told me they had toby because i had really given up on him . ' it is brilliant having him back and i think everybody was keeping their eye out for him all this time . ' 