colin shearing , 70 , fled across the channel to paris to avoid being jailed for a sex attack . file photo . a paedophile author has fled to france to avoid being jailed for a sex attack on a six-year-old girl . a european arrest warrant has been issued for colin shearing , 70 , who failed to turn up to court yesterday to be sentenced . he was convicted of indecent assault and had been given a week on bail to ' put his personal matters in order . ' but swansea crown court heard that he had crossed the channel and booked a room at the hotel des nation in paris . he then moved to a second hotel and then to a third in a bid to stay one step ahead of the police , who are hunting him across the continent . judge huw davies issued a european-wide warrant for shearing 's arrest . the court heard he twice assaulted the girl more than 20 years ago and was sentenced to three years prison in his absence . but he will now also receive an additional sentence for absconding once he has been found . judge davies said shearing , of chichester , sussex , had shown ' absolutely no remorse ' for what he had done . shearing , who is a fellow of the royal society of arts , agreed that among his books , which are published under the name colin king , there was a passage dealing with children having sex together . the court heard that shearing booked himself into the hotel des nations in paris ( pictured ) before moving to a second and third hotel to evade police . he agreed that among his books , published under the name colin king , there was a passage dealing with children having sex together - but he insisted that it was a work of pure fiction . the writer twice assaulted the girl in the 1980s . she revealed that memories of the assault came back to her years later and she was driven to complain when she discovered shearing had become involved with a youth theatre . shearing has been ordered to register as a sex offender . shearing was convicted of indecent assault and sentenced to three years in jail at swansea crown court ( pictured ) and now faces an additional sentence for absconding .  