clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics . clare balding has admitted she was on tv too much following her success presenting the london olympics . the broadcaster , who recently hosted coverage of the boat race , has vowed to do less after presenting everything from the bbc 's rugby league coverage to crufts . she told radio times magazine : ' i used to say yes to everything i was offered because i thought it would all stop tomorrow . now i think it might stop tomorrow precisely because i say yes to everything . ' in 2014 i did n't do a single panel show because they get repeated so much . from december 10 last year when i hosted sports personality until i did crufts on march 10 , i was not on television presenting anything . yet people still say , ' you 're on everything ' . ' the 44-year-old , who married alice arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year , said that it was ' exhausting ' to be constantly asked about being gay . ' i tell you what ... i 'm not going to talk in this interview about being gay . i suspect gabby logan is n't asked about being married or being a mother , ' she said . ' i get criticised for two things - doing too much and talking about being gay . but the facts do n't necessarily support that i do too much , and i get asked about being gay all the time . every single interview i do , that ends up being the lead . ' i 'm very aware that it 's important for people to see a couple in the mainstream . but it can get a bit exhausting . i do n't walk down the street saying , ' hi ! i 'm gay ! ' ' at the same time , i want to be one of the people who helps . what am i meant to do ? i do n't know what the bloody answer is . ' the 44-year-old , who married alice arnold in a private ceremony earlier this year , said that it was ' exhausting ' to be constantly asked about being gay . balding added : ' i have never wanted children . it 's my choice , but of course it 's not something that 's going to happen by accident . yes , it could happen if i wished it to . ' i have two nephews , a niece and eight godchildren , and i love that . but i do n't want kids . i just never had that urge . one of the many benefits of being gay is that people do n't assume you want children , so they do n't ask you . ' my brother andrew 's relationship with his wife anna lisa is almost as long-standing as mine with alice , and all they were ever asked is ' when are you getting married ? ' and ' when are you having children ? ' . we never got that from anybody . '