from allegations of sexism to claims of fakery , it seems bear grylls ' latest tv show is never far from controversy , and producers are now back in hot water again . it has been revealed that starving competitors on the survival show hunted and killed an endangered crocodile during filming after the show 's bosses mistook it for a more common species . male competitors had not eaten for two weeks when they tracked down and killed what the show 's producers thought was a common caiman - a small , relatively common reptile . scroll down for video . male competitors on bear grylls ' show the island had not eaten for two weeks when they killed what producers believed was a common caiman - but later discovered was an endangered american crocodile . however , suspicions were raised when the animal slain on camera appeared larger than usual , and it has now turned out to be an endangered american crocodile . while the animal 's exact numbers in the wild are unknown , conservationists are in agreement that illegal hunting and habitat destruction have left it critically endangered . most u.s. states in which the creature is native , along with islands in the caribbean , parts of mexico and south america have all passed laws protecting the creature . according to the sun , the show 's producers had surveyed the islands used during the show before contestants were set loose , trying to identify any animals which would be off-limits for hunting . a spokesman for channel 4 said the islands used in the show were surveyed to establish what wildlife lived there before filming , and it was not known that american crocodiles ( pictured ) could be found there . while several caimans had been discovered , it was not known that the american crocodile also lived there until the competitors found it . the episode in which the animal is killed on a remote island off panama , central america , will be screened tonight . a spokesman for channel 4 , which produced the show , said : ' this was a genuine and regrettable error . prior to filming experts were consulted to ascertain species on both islands and the american crocodile was not known to be in the area or on the island . ' the relevant national environment agency are aware of the incident and have granted a licence to replace the animal which has now been done . '