barcelona took a major step towards qualification for the last four of the champions league after they dismantled paris saint-germain on wednesday night . sportsmail 's adam crafton takes a look at five things we learned from barcelona's emphatic victory . super suarez . it feels rather strange now but there was a time last summer when we were all wondering whether luis suarez - with his penchant for a human-based snack during football matches - was worth all that money for barcelona . there can be no question anymore . it is now 17 goals for the season and barcelona 's front three , spearheaded by suarez , lionel messi and neymar is the most in-form in world football . they are a frightening prospect and suarez , after three goals in his first 12 games for barcelona , has hit the high notes at the right time . he has scored 10 in his last 11 games - including two crucial goals away at manchester city - and his understanding with his strike partners has elevated this barcelona side to a new level . luis suarez scores his second of the night to give barcelona a 3-0 lead in their tie at paris saint-germain . the former liverpool forward is mobbed by his barcelona team-mates after doubling his tally for the evening . psg yearn for zlatan 's quality . prior to this game , psg were unbeaten so far this season when playing without zlatan ibrahimovic , winning 11 and drawing 5 of the 16 games . it had developed a view - nourished by that inspiring performance when ibrahbimovic was sent off at chelsea - that psg may be a stronger collective unit without the swede . yet on the grandest occasions , you still require that moment of world-class quality and laurent blanc really needed edinson cavani to stand tall here . zlatan ibrahimovic , pictured in action on saturday , missed the game against barcelona through suspension . edinson cavani failed to deliver the goods for psg and looked out-of-sorts against barcelona on wednesday . once more , though , the uruguayan failed to deliver on the biggest stage . psg fans still wince at the memory of his miss against chelsea at stamford bridge last season and so often , he leaves you wanting more in these pivotal games . he was brilliantly denied by a javier mascherano challenge in the first half but you sensed he lacked the conviction to really make the most of the opportunity . he does some wonderful things , moving with pace and intelligence but when faced with a guilt-edged opening , he too often loses that defining ability to remain cool and detached when faced by a goalkeeper and the roar of the crowd . when bearing down on mascherano in the first half , he was like a pianist whose timing has deserted him , hesitating and pontificating . it is now only four goals in 15 games and you can perhaps understand why psg may be tempted to cash in on him . neymar back in form . after a run of three goals in 10 games , the brazilian had begun to fade into the shadows a little , particularly when placed against the the brilliance of lionel messi and luis suarez . the local rumour mill had begun swirling and there were suggestions - not without foundation - in the catalan media that neymar is unhappy with how often he is substituted by his manager . this was a good response . he remains such a talent and the opening goal tonight was clinically dispatched and marked his 28th goal of an excellent season . messi was pulling the strings as ever but neymar was the most eye-catching barcelona forward in the first-half . neymar was barcelona 's most eye-catching forward in the first half of their victory against psg . neymar celebrates with luis suarez after the uruguayan scored his first of two goals against psg . psg 's euro home run comes to an end . this victory for barcelona brought a shuddering end to psg 's proud unbeaten run at the parc de princes in european competition . barcelona are the first team to win here in either the europa league or champions league since hapoel tel-aviv in 2006 - an undefeated streak that had lasted nine years , yielding 22 wins and 11 draws . in truth , the victory was rarely in doubt from the first whistle , such was barcelona 's composure and quality on the ball . sir alex ferguson once described the experience of facing barcelona 's passing game as like being on a ' carousel ' . psg started brightly and for a few moments , it looked like the carousel might have malfunctioned . but it was no more than a glitch . psg hopped on and when the referee finally called time , they staggered off across the fairground , most probably feeling rather sick . marquinhos and yohan cabaye reflect on psg 's defeat ... their first at home in european football since 2006 . busquets is the midfield maestro . we have marvelled for years at the gifts of xavi and andres iniesta and while the shielding work of sergio busquets has also been appreciated , it does seem as though he has become even more prominent under luis enrique . he reads the game with such intelligence , stepping in with poise and composure to mop up the danger . those around him - iniesta , rakitic and xavi add the decoration - but busquets ' consistent brilliance forms the foundations of this barcelona midfield . every team is grateful to its 'water-carriers ' , as eric cantona once dubbed didier deschamps , but with busquets in this form , barcelona could be heading towards the champagne come the end of the season . sergio busquets ' consistent brilliance forms the foundations of the barcelona midfield .