a fugitive who taunted authorities by taking selfies outside police stations while he was on the run has finally been jailed . aaron bee was wanted by lincolnshire police over an alleged domestic violence and assault . after fleeing his home , the 22-year-old goaded officers by sharing photographs online which showed him standing outside the force 's headquarters . he was eventually arrested in november in a cafe after posing outside five different police stations over two weeks and was this week jailed for eight months . aaron bee went on the run for two weeks last year , taunting the police officers who were chasing him with selfies taken outside their headquarters . he has now been jailed for eight months . but after spending less than five months behind bars since his arrest , the 22-year-old has already been released . last year bee taunted officers by captioning photographs ' come catch me if you can ' and bragging that he was ' always playing hide and seek ' . he visited five different police stations without being apprehended and even flashing his genitals outside one . the father of one had been wanted by police for breaking a non-molestation order against his former girlfriend after showing up at her house in the middle of the night . lincoln crown court heard how he had been ' threatening and abusive ' towards the woman when he ' kicked her door down ' last october . the father of one pictured outside lincolnshire police headquarters in november . he was eventually arrested in a cafe . before his arrest bee said he was taunting police ' as a bit of fun ' . he was jailed yesterday for eight months but has been released after spending less than five months behind bars since being arrested . when police could n't find him after the assault they released his mugshot to appeal for his whereabouts . in response , bee took to facebook to mock their efforts . among pictures he shared online was one of a police officer standing in the street which he captioned ' is it me you 're looking for ' . he also posed outside lincolnshire police hq , looking towards the camera and giving a thumbs up . in other posts he said the justice system ' is really f****d up ' and bragged about buying a doughnut in tesco without being caught . at the time , he said he was taunting police ' because it 's funny . ' he told reporters : ' it 's really funny , i wanted to do it to show how ridiculous this all is and how they obviously are n't that bothered about me , ' without disclosing his whereabouts . the 22-year-old made several jibes on facebook , joking that he needed new hiding places after being hunted for breaking a non-molestation order against his former girlfriend . while on the run bee mocked police officers by uploading a photograph of one with the caption ' hello is it me your ( sic ) looking for ' . he was arrested in mid november and remanded into custody . before his arrest bee bemoaned being hunted by police for ' a poxy assaut ' . lincoln crown court heard how he grabbed his former girlfriend by the throat when he broke a non-molestation order to turn up at her house . he was eventually arrested in a cafe in lincoln before being brought before court . sentencing , judge michael heath said : ' the non-molestation order was made in april 2013 by a county court judge . ' he did not make it for fun . he made it to afford protection to the person who applied for it who was your erstwhile partner . ' when a judge makes a non-molestation order he expects that it will be obeyed . ' if it is n't you go inside . if you breach the non-molestation order again the sentences will get longer and longer . ' bee was jailed for eight months but is likely to be released imminently after being kept behind bars since november . 