a bowel cancer patient told he had just 18 months to live claims he has been cured by cannabis oil . david hibbitt , 33 , was diagnosed with the disease in july 2012 and underwent chemotherapy , radiotherapy and surgery to remove his large bowel . doctors told him the cancer was terminal - so he decided to try cannabis oil as a last resort and bought it from a local dealer for £50 a gram . now the father-of-one says he has been cancer-free since his last scan in january - and puts the class-b drug down to his miracle recovery . david hibbitt , 33 , claims doctors said he had between 18 months and five years to live after being diagnosed with advanced bowel cancer . in desperation , he tried cannabis oil , which he now credits with his recovery . he is now looking forward to the future after tying the knot with his partner of six years heather martin , 26 , at a registry office today . mr hibbitt , from stoke-on-trent , staffordshire , said : ' friends had told me about cannabis oil and i dismissed it at first . i 've never been into drugs . ' but in february last year i was told i only had 18 months to five years to live , and i felt i had to try everything i could . ' i felt like the chemo was killing me and i had nothing to lose . i could n't accept i was going to die . ' after going online to research his options , he discovered a lot of information about cannabis oil - and decided to try it . ' i pay around £50 for a gram from a bloke i know who makes it , ' he said . ' that lasts me about a month usually . ' it gets your pretty high and knocks you for six , but it 's nowhere near as bad as chemotherapy . ' the pain just seemed to disappear and it seems to have done the job . ' i just want to make other people aware that there are other options out there . ' mr hibbitt was diagnosed with stage-three bowel cancer after initially being told he was suffering from piles . mr hibbitt , with fiance heather , said : ' i felt like the chemo was killing me and i had nothing to lose . i could n't accept i was going to die ' . after undergoing treatment at the christie hospital , in manchester , the cancer returned and he had another operation in july 2013 followed by more chemotherapy . he was given the all-clear before christmas that year , but a month later he found a lump , and was told the cancer was in the lymph nodes in his groin . dr kat arney , from cancer research uk , said : ' we know that cannabinoids - the active chemicals found in cannabis - can have a range of different effects on cancer cells grown in the lab and animal tumours . ' but at the moment there is n't good evidence from clinical trials to prove that they can safely and effectively treat cancer in patients . ' despite this , some cancer patients do choose to treat themselves with cannabis extracts . ' researchers are collecting patients ' experiences to build a picture of whether these treatments are helping or not , although this is weak evidence compared to properly-run clinical trials . ' cancer research uk is supporting clinical trials for treating cancer with cannabinoid-based drugs in order to gather solid data on whether they benefit people with cancer . ' mr hibbitt , who works in advertising , added : ' this time they told me there was n't a lot they could do . ' in july , after doing a lot of research , i got some cannabis oil . i was having chemo , and i was getting to a point where i could n't really do much , i had no energy . ' in august i decided i 'd had enough and i was going to stop the chemotherapy . in october , he had an operation to remove the affected lymph nodes at the royal stoke university hospital . but he chose to carry on taking cannabis oil rather than have any more treatment , deciding against further chemotherapy sessions . following a scan in january he was given the all-clear - paving the way for him to organise his wedding . mr hibbitt , who has a five-year-old son , ashton , said : ' we never thought this would happen , it 's great . fingers crossed now i will grow old . ' i feel really good and i hope my story will help other people . ' his fiance heather , a nursery nurse , said : ' i did n't want him to take the cannabis oil at first because it 's illegal , but i saw the change in him and slowly got used to it . ' he is a determined person and did a lot of research . he wanted to live . ' we are all amazed how well he 's done . i ca n't see my life without him . we have come through a hell of a lot . ' describing the effects of cannabis oil , he said : ' it gets your pretty high and knocks you for six , but it 's nowhere near as bad as chemotherapy.the pain just seemed to disappear . i just want to make other people aware that there are other options out there ' . cancer research uk says it is aware of patients using cannabis extracts to treat themselves but stressed there is ' no good evidence ' to prove it was safe and effective . the charity is supporting clinical trials into the use of the drug and a synthetic cannabinoid to treat the disease . dr kat arney , from cancer research uk , said : ' we know that cannabinoids - the active chemicals found in cannabis - can have a range of different effects on cancer cells grown in the lab and animal tumours . ' but at the moment there is n't good evidence from clinical trials to prove that they can safely and effectively treat cancer in patients . ' despite this , some cancer patients do choose to treat themselves with cannabis extracts . ' researchers are collecting patients ' experiences to build a picture of whether these treatments are helping or not , although this is weak evidence compared to properly-run clinical trials . ' cancer research uk is supporting clinical trials for treating cancer with cannabinoid-based drugs in order to gather solid data on whether they benefit people with cancer . '