a dallas architect has taken 14 shipping containers and transformed them into a stunningly modern 3,700-square-foot three-bedroom home . the home , dubbed 'pv14 ' , also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people , a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and the sparkling lights of the city 's downtown . matt mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that became the foundation for his home . dallas architects matt mooney and michael gooden have transformed 14 shipping containers into a stunningly modern home . the 3,700 sq ft three-bedroom home , dubbed 'pv14 , ' boasts a 40ft long swimming pool on the ground floor that reflects the two-story glass-paneled tower , also built out of the containers . the home also features a 1,400 sq ft roof deck that can fit up to 150 people and has a 360 degree view of white rock lake and downtown dallas . mooney wanted to stay true to the materials that built his home and thus all the ceilings were left exposed . the ceilings have been left exposed and the shipping container gates remained unpainted when they were converted into bedroom doors . architect michael gooden , who worked with mooney on pv14 , said the designers wanted people to know what they were standing in when they stepped into the home . gooden said the house 's walls are made of sheet rock , which would make the home look ' normal ' if the ceilings were n't left exposed , he told d magazine . gooden said the designers wanted people to know what they were standing in when they stepped into the home . gooden said the house 's walls are made of sheet rock , which would make the home look ' normal ' if the ceilings were n't left exposed . because the walls of the shipping containers were removed , gooden said columns had to be placed around the house to restore structural integrity to the materials . because the walls of the shipping containers were removed , gooden said columns had to be placed around the house to restore structural integrity to the materials . spray foam was also used between the building layers , to provide insulation that the containers ca n't provide , according to inhabitat . but one of the most striking uses of the containers is the two-story , glass-paneled tower that overlooks and mirrors the shape of the house 's long , slim pool , which carries the tower 's reflection . on the house 's open-floor first level , which is dedicated to entertaining , the polished cement used for the ground corresponds to the sleek steel of the shipping containers revealed overhead . on the house 's open-floor first level , which is dedicated to entertaining , the polished cement used for the ground corresponds to the sleek steel of the shipping containers revealed overhead . the upstairs levels are outfitted with maple wood floors to complement the views of the nearby park and lake , which provide a wallpaper for the house thanks to floor-to-ceiling windows . deep porches protect the home from direct sunlight while still allowing natural light to seep in . the upstairs levels are outfitted with maple wood floors to complement the views of the nearby park and lake , which provide a wallpaper for the house thanks to floor-to-ceiling windows . deep porches protect the home from direct sunlight while still allowing natural light to seep in , according to the houston chronicle . mooney knew he wanted to build a home out of shipping containers 25 years ago , but it was only just recently he and his wife barbara , a retired nurse , found the perfect spot - in the same neighborhood where they had lived for 23 years . a crew of 18-wheelers , with an audience of 200 people , transported the shipping containers to the chosen spot , which is on one of the highest elevations in the city - offering one of the best views . and after more than two years of design and construction , and a final tour for the dallas chapter of the american institute of architects , the couple are finally preparing to move into their new home . mooney knew he wanted to build a home out of shipping containers 25 years ago , but it was only just recently he and his wife barbara , a retired nurse , found the perfect spot - in the neighborhood they had lived in for 23 years . and after more than two years of design and construction , and a final tour for the dallas chapter of the american institute of architects , the couple are finally preparing to move into their new home .