a frenchman was in custody tonight suspected of killing his british expat neighbour and throwing his body down a well in rural normandy . david king , 70 , and originally from east london , had not been seen for six months in the picturesque hamlet of pierres , in the calvados department , south west of caen . he retired there from his job as an engineer in britain some 15 years ago . on october 27 , he went to tea with friends living close to his home , and is thought to have got into an argument with one , aged 28 . disappeared : david king , 70 , had been missing for six months from his home in normandy , france . carole etienne , the caen prosecutor , said : ' he admitted there was an argument , and to putting the body in the well . in the coming hours we will try to learn more about what caused the death . ' ms etienne added : ' we 're no longer following a missing person 's enquiry , but one for manslaughter because of the presence of unusual clues . ' inconsistent explanations ' and dna analysis all led investigators to ' suspect someone in connection with a killing ' , said ms etienne . ' he has not yet explained the circumstances of the death , ' said ms etienne . i have the before , i have the after , i do n't have the in-between . ' mr king had been living in france for 15 years . ms etienne said the suspect had not yet been identified publicly . on wednesday police sniffer dogs were taken to mr king 's hamlet , and found his corpse at the bottom of the 12ft well . mr king lived alone , but regularly kept in touch with family , including grandchildren in the uk , said another source close to the investigation . it is believed he has in son in brighton , east sussex and a daughter in australia , who french police initially thought he was visiting after his disappearance last year . he was known to have a heart condition , and there were concerns that he had travelled away without his medication . other theories included suicide , but his family did not believe it , as they had been looking forward to seeing him at christmas . it was also suggested that he might have gone to see his daughter in australia , but this was ruled out too because a passport was found at his home . international organisations including the lucie blackman trust were involved in trying to solve the mystery , posting pictures of mr king online . his disappearance ' caused a great deal of fear ' among british expats living in the area - one which is very beautiful but also extremely isolated , said the source . in february , mr king 's car , a renault scenic was found parked in vire , a nearby town , but there was no sign of any body . a friend told the independent : ' we had grown used to the idea that we would never see dave again but this is the worst possible outcome to the mystery . ' mr king was a keen gardener who chose to settle in an area popular with older british expatriates . autopsy results are expected to be announced on friday . discovery : police had thought he was in his car ( pictured ) , but his body has now been found down a well . mr king 's 28-year-old neighbour is now in custody being questioned about his death .