a missouri mother believes her three-year-old daughter with special needs was discriminated against after finding out the child was forced to take off her thick glasses for a school portrait . abby lubiewski was born with hallerman-streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts . she can only perceive light and dark when she 's not wearing her specs . ' she has no vision at all without her glasses , ' her mother amanda lubiewski told fox 2 now . when lubiewski received her daughter abby 's photographs , she immediately saw that her child 's smile was strained . scroll down for video . abby lubiewski 's mother amanda was outraged after finding out her three-year-old daughter with special needs was forced to take her thick glasses off for school picture day . when lubiewski received her daughter abby 's photographs , she immediately saw that her child 's smile was strained and said it was because abby ' could n't see ' . ' i knew then that she could n't see , ' she said . ' and i could n't quite comprehend what would be going through someone 's mind to ask her to take those off . ' lubiewski wrote a post on facebook about how her daughter ' loves her glasses ' and ' needs them to function to the best of her ability , ' yahoo ! parenting reported . ' she is a strong , confident girl and deserves to show off every beautiful part of her , including her glasses . ' lubiewski said that when abby saw her school photo she asked , ' what happened to my glasses ? ' but the mother was even more concerned knowing that official school portraits are released to the public if a child goes missing . ' this is very unsafe for her , ' she told fox 2 now . ' her picture does n't look like her without glasses . ' when lubiewski found out other children at abby 's school were allowed to wear their glasses for the photographs , she felt her daughter had been discriminated against . abby was born with hallerman-streiff , a rare genetic syndrome that resulted in congenital cataracts . she can only perceive light and dark when she 's not wearing her specs and ' has no vision at all without her glasses ' . lubiewski was even more concerned knowing that police release official school portraits to the public if a child goes missing . ' this is very unsafe for her , ' she said . ' her picture does n't look like her without glasses ' . lubiewski contacted lifetouch school photography on facebook and told them ' how disrespectful ' the family thought it was for the company to treat abby ' differently than other children in the school ' . ' photographers for school pictures need to be trained on how to capture each unique child , ' she wrote on facebook . ' even those with disabilities . ' lubiewski said other photographers in the past have been able to work around the glare abby 's thick specs can sometimes cause for the camera . two pictures of abby wearing glasses were taken by the photographer , but she was n't looking at the camera . ' it 's not just about getting a cute picture of her , ' the mother said . ' it 's how she was treated , and how it seems like she was treated differently because there was a part of her that was difficult to photograph . ' lifetouch school photography has since apologized to the family . ' we should have never had your daughter remove her glasses for the photo , ' the company said to the family . ' we do not tolerate discrimination of any kind on our team . ' abby will get another chance to have her school picture free of charge on monday after lifetouch offered to re-take it . lifetouch school photography has apologized to the family and will re-take abby 's school picture for free . 