cadbury has snatched two chocolate fingers from its famous packs – reducing the number to 22 . the move is the latest evidence of how the nation’s favourite brands and supermarkets are cutting back on pack sizes without a corresponding cut in prices . the ploy means shoppers are being subject to stealth price rises in what economists have dubbed ‘shrinkflation’ . going down : cadbury has snatched two chocolate fingers from its famous packs – reducing the number to 22 . now 114 grams : cadbury chocolate fingers have come down by 11g - the equivalent of two chocolate fingers . in most cases , the price remains the same when the amount in the pack is cut , however in some rare examples the change comes with a price rise . packs of cadbury chocolate fingers have come down by 11 grams – the equivalent of two chocolate fingers – to a weight of 114g . while the popular biscuits carry the cadbury brand , they are actually made under licence by another manufacturer , burton’s biscuit company , which is responsible for the changes . burton’s said it did reduce the wholesale price of the packs to supermarkets to reflect the lower weight , but it had no say over whether this was passed this on to customers . the price at sainsbury’s has risen from £1 to £1.50 over the past year , however it has come down from £1 to 80p at tesco , according to figures from the mysupermarket website . last month , the daily mail revealed how the makers of pg tips have reduced the amount of tea in its teabags – cutting the weight of a box of 80 by the equivalent of six teabags . from the archive : boxes of cadbury fingers weighed 150g when this photograph was taken in march 2002 . makers : the popular biscuits are made under licence by another manufacturer , burton’s biscuit company , which is responsible for the changes . its head office is pictured ( above ) in st albans , hertfordshire . we also detailed how the kit kat chunky is less chunky than it used to be after it was reduced in weight from 48g to 40g . when challenged , the manufacturer , nestle , claimed this was partly because of rising costs and partly because of its desire to help customers lose weight as its contribution to the government’s anti-obesity campaign . in the news : the makers of pg tips have reduced the amount of tea in its teabags – cutting the weight of a box of 80 by the equivalent of six teabags . tesco reduced the size of cartons of pasta sauce , such as tomato & mascarpone , from 375g to 350g yet the price remained the same and it was still promoted as serving two people . john west cut the size of its tins of no drain tuna steak from 130g to 120g , but again there has been no corresponding fall in the price . cadbury has something of a track record for shrinking packs in a move that protects its profits . it famously cut back on the number of crème eggs in its multi-packs ahead of easter from five to six . before christmas , burton’s reduced its £5 cadbury collection biscuits from 380g to 335g . in 2011 , cadbury reduced the size of the 140g bar of cadbury dairy milk to 120g , so losing the equivalent of two chunks . it then cut the size of its traditional circular roses tins from 975g to 850g – effectively snatching away 11 of the chocolate favourites . the firm was taken over by kraft of the us in 2010 in a deal worth £11.5billion , which has come under fire for a series of cost cutting measures that have undermined the historic british brand . the firm’s american bosses have never been forgiven for reneging on a promise to keep open a cadbury factory at keynsham , near bristol , when it took over the company . they have also come under fire for shifting large parts of their chocolate production to cheaper facilities in poland . no corresponding fall in the price : john west cut the size of its tins of no drain tuna steak from 130g to 120g . which ? recently highlighted a number of big brands that have been shrunk , such loaves of hovis ‘ best of both’ bread are down from 800g to 750g ; birds eye select mixed vegetables down from 750g to 690g ; aunt bessie’s homestyle chip are 50g lighter at 700g ; and philadelphia light soft cheese is down 20g to 180g . the executive director at which ? , richard lloyd , said : ‘ shrinking products can be a sneaky way of putting up costs for consumers because pack sizes shrink but the prices don’t . ‘it’s now time for action on dodgy pricing practices that stops people from easily comparing products to find the cheapest . ’ the food and drink federation said : ‘ food and drink pricing always reflects the economic climate of the day , whether that’s the impact of changing utility prices or ingredient costs which can be volatile . ‘ businesses seek to offset these costs wherever possible through improvements in efficiency and productivity , but these actions can only go so far and in some cases companies will reduce the pack size rather than increasing the price for consumers . ’ burton’s confirmed the reduction in the pack size and insisted the chocolate fingers remain good value .