victim : dr martin luther king . the fbi repeatedly deceived congress by destroying vital files relating to the assassination of martin luther king , a new book claims . leading king historian stuart wexler said that the bureau chose to cover up the potential role of a high level informant in the killing rather than tell the truth . wexler said that it could have been one of the greatest scandals in the history of the fbi - but now we may never know what happened . by destroying the files the fbi disobeyed a direct order not to do so from a congressional committee which had been set up to investigate the killing of king and former president john f kennedy . wexler told daily mail online that the bureau 's actions were ' disturbing ' and that his research had left him suspecting that agents had mounted a deliberate operation to bury the truth forever . king was shot dead by james earl ray on 4 april 1968 at the lorraine motel in memphis , tennessee in a killing which galvanized the civil rights movement . power : dr king 's leadership of the civil rights movement was demonstrated in the i have a dream speech in 1963 . his death on 4 april 1968 shocked a nation already scarred by the deaths of president john f kennedy - and the civil leader 's murder was followed by that of robert kennedy . guard : the balcony at the lorraine motel in memphis , tennessee , where dr king was shot . caught : james earl ray , the assassin of dr. martin luther king jnr . being taken to his cell by sheriff william morris , in memphis tennessee , july 19 , 1968 . he had been on the run since the death . key figures : james earl ray ( left ) in the wanted picture issued by the fbi . joseph milteer ( right ) was a racist known for a covertly recorded interview in 1963 in which he spoke of the kennedy and king assassinations before they happened . interest in king 's life has been renewed since the release of the oscar-winning film ' selma ' , about the historic march from the alabama town , which was 50 years ago this year . but wexler said that there are still many unanswered questions about his death which he addresses in a new e-book called ' killing king ' . the fbi plot began when the house committee on assassinations was set up in 1976 - it would finish its inquiries into the killing of king and kennedy in 1978 . wexler said that the fbi appears to have been spooked after an investigative reporter called dan christensen published a number of articles about the miami connection to both assassinations , articles which the committee were interested in . wexler said that , according to his research , in 1977 the murkin ( murder of king ) files were destroyed from the fbi field offices in miami and mobile , alabama . crucially , both had information on tommy tarrants , a former high ranking klan member from mississippi . wexler said that something in that file made the fbi upgrade tarrants from a little-known racist activist to major player in the king assassination to the point where they showed his picture to witnesses at major crime scenes . what that something was , it now seems we will never know . also destroyed from the miami field office was the the file on joseph milteer , a well-known racist who is known for a covertly recorded interview he gave in 1963 in which he talks about the kennedy assassination and the king assassination before they happened . wexler said : ' it 's entirely possible that milteer was raising the bounty money for king 's assassination . ' the destruction of the files broke a key rule of the fbi 's record keeping ; that it does n't get rid of information on people who are still alive . tarrants was alive then - and he still is today . according to wexler , every other field office investigation of the king murder was preserved , just as congress ordered , and eventually transferred to the national archives and records administration . wexler said : ' i have no doubt this was done deliberately . they are not destroying everybody 's files , they are selectively destroying files . ' they wanted tarrants to give evidence to the committee , they did n't want him to be a suspect . kkk : tommy tarrants was a figure in the kkk and seemed initially marginal to the investigation into the mlk murder but was suddenly made a significant figure . was it because of his links to another more senior figure that files were destroyed ? in charge : j edgar hoover , the fbi chief , had condemned dr king and had a mantra that protecting the bureau 's reputation was all that mattered . wexler says his successor stuck to that belief . dramatic hearing : james earl ray testifies in 1978 before the house assassinations committee . at left is ray 's attorney mark lane . ray told the panel he did not kill martin luther king , jr . ' by that point tarrants had already made a conversion away from radical racist christianity - he is now a preacher . ' until then he had been in prison for a bombing and he 'd made a full conversion . the fbi arranged for him to get out of prison , which was unheard of . ' wexler said that another reason why tarrants was problematic is that he led directly to the klan in mississippi , which was one of the most violent anti-black chapters of the group at the time . he said : ' laude matthews . also known as l.e . matthews , was due to take over as head of the klan there and matthews was a big time deep cover agent for the fbi . ' we can imagine a situation where the fbi does not want the congressional investigation to lead back to laude matthews . ' they did not want to expose him to suspicion . imagine what it would have looked like if an fbi informant had a connection to the king assassination ? ' this is speculation of course , but it would have been was on the worst scandals in the history of the fbi ' . if the fbi had covered its tracks over king 's assassination , it would fit into the pattern of duplicity and double dealing that marked the bureau 's handling of king . the fbi had put him under intense surveillance and bugged his hotel rooms and attempted to destroy his marriage by sending his wife recordings of him with other women . at a press conference in 1964 then fbi director herbert hoover went so far as to call king the ' most notorious liar in the country ' . portrayal : david oyelowo in his acclaimed performance as dr king in this year 's movie selma . never forgotten : the memorial at the site of dr king 's assassination . the anniversary is tomorrow . a few days later one of his deputies , william sullivan , wrote a vicious letter to king and gave it to an agent in miami to post to him in atlanta . it became known as the ' suicide letter ' and called him ' filthy ' and ' abnormal ' and urged him to take his own life . the letter read : ' in view of your low grade , abnormal personal behavior i will not dignify your name with either a mr. or a reverend or a dr . ' and , your last name calls to mind only the type of king such as king henry the viii and his countless acts of adultery and immoral conduct lower than that of a beast . ' the head of the fbi between 1973 and 1978 was clarence kelly , a staunch ally of hoover . wexler described kelly as a man who followed hoover 's mantra that the reputation of the bureau was the most important thing , ' no matter what ' . wexler said that the fbi could still go some way to salvaging its reputation ; one way of doing so would be to give king 's case to the justice department 's civil rights cold case team , which has looked as more than one hundred civil rights crimes , mostly from the 1960s . he also implored the fbi to run the fingerprints it has from the various crime scenes such as rooming house and car used by ray . the last time it did so was in 2000 when the integrated automated fingerprint identification system was in its infancy and could not even recognize palm prints . it also only covered one state and had a tiny database . wexler said : ' now the database is three times larger and covers 50 states . they could run the tests in a day . if they want copies of the prints i have them all , digitized . ' 