conrad clitheroe , left , and gary cooper , right , were thrown in jail after being arrested for writing down aircraft registration numbers in dubai . three british planespotters who have spent two months in prison in the united arab emirates after they were arrested on national security grounds have been released . conrad clitheroe , 54 and gary cooper , 45 , from stockport , along with their ex-pat friend neil munro were stopped by police for writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport . they were taken to a police station and , despite being told they would not be detained , were put into prison . clitheroe 's wife valerie had written to british prime minister david cameron to ask him to intervene in the case , raising concerns about her husband 's health due to his heart murmur and high blood pressure . they were finally told earlier this week that they could return home after charges of espionage would not be brought against them . a spokesman for the british foreign office said : ' we can confirm the release of three british nationals detained in fujairah , united arab emirates on february 21 . ' we are providing consular assistance . ' attorney nasser hashem previously said the men would be free to go after the court accepted a defense argument that they were pursuing their passion for plane spotting and had no ill intent . mr clitheroe will now be able to return home to celebrate his first wedding anniversary with his wife on may 9 . speaking earlier this week , mrs clitheroe said : ' i am absolutely ecstatic . apart from our wedding and the birth of my children this is the best day of my life . ' i just ca n't wait to see him , to hug him , to hold him . ' we got a call from the lawyer to tell us he 'd been in court and the case had been dropped . ' we then confirmed it with the consulate . ' i am just so happy , we 've been ringing everyone to let them now . i 'm in a bit of shock too , i do n't feel like it can be real . ' how can you hold someone for that long with no charges ? i do n't understand it but i 'm so so glad . ' earlier this month , mrs clitheroe had raised concerns because her husband had run out of blood pressure medication . valerie clitheroe ( pictured with her husband ) said both he and mr cooper had been keen plane spotters since boyhood and pleaded for their release . the men had travelled to dubai for a four-day holiday on february 18 . all three friends were keen to see fujairah airport , which is used by older and rarer aircraft . they drove the 70-mile journey there on february 21 , but were stopped by an off-duty policeman after they slowed down to note the registration numbers of planes . mr clitheroe has always insisted they never took any photographs . although plane spotting is not illegal in the united arab emirates , it is not understood and is frowned upon . the men were taken to a police station , where they were allegedly told they could only leave if they signed a form in arabic saying they would not practise their hobby there again . but after signing the document , without asking for a translation , they were kept in custody overnight . they were brought before a prosecutor the next day and then moved to fujairah prison . mr clitheroe posted this picture on february 19 as he pursued his hobby at the sheraton deira hotel in dubai . their case was escalated to a matter of ' national security ' . sharing a cell with over 20 others , eating on the floor and forced to stare at the four walls for most of the day , the families were concerned about their welfare - particularly as mr clitheroe needs medication for his heart condition . a judge last month extended their custody licence , which was up again on april 12 , but an admin error delayed the hearing until this week . mrs clitheroe added : ' conrad was beginning to think the worse and that they would never be released . ' things had seemed to be so against them from the start that they thought it was going to end badly . the men were held after being seen by police writing down aircraft registration numbers at fujairah airport . ' we thought they would be charged with something and fined so it 's come as a shock that there are no charges at all . we had started planning to go out there to deal with the lawyers face to face . ' mrs clitheroe said the men had been keen plane spotters since they were children . the families of mr clitheroe and mr cooper were helped by charity ' detained in dubai ' to pay £9,000 for a lawyer to fight their case . a crowd-funding site set up by the men 's work colleagues has raised more than £5,000 . earlier this week , radha stirling , the founder of detained in dubai said charges of espionage against the trio had finally been dropped at the supreme court in abu dhabi . ' the charges are being dropped with no fines or penalties . they 've had a long time to wait to be told your case is ridiculous , ' said ms stirling .