the son of a bulgarian housekeeper has been accepted in to all eight ivy league schools – and a further ten big league universities . stefan stoykov , a senior at north central high school in indianapolis , indiana , moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight-year-old when he could not speak a word of english . now 18 , he has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet – and admits he can hardly believe it . scroll down for video . top of the class : stefan stoykov has been accepted in to all eight ivy league schools – and a further ten big league universities . stefan told wthr : ' it is an incredible feeling . i never knew that i would have a chance to choose from possibly the best schools from the world . i was hoping to get into at least one of the ivy leagues . ' brown , columbia , cornell , dartmouth , harvard , penn , yale and princeton have all come knocking . he had only held out hopes of hearing from one of them but has also heard from 10 other prestigious institutions . the teen , who could not speak english when he joined the second grade at nora elementary school in washington township , has yet to make a decision . he revealed that hard work and the support of his parents had helped him achieve his goals . he added that the hard work of his mother , a housekeeper , had inspired him over the years . ' i still ca n't get over the fact all these schools accepted me , ' he told wthr . ' i ca n't describe it . i am still having trouble believing it . the teenager , a senior at north central high school in indianapolis , indiana , moved to the us from bulgaria as an eight year old when he could not speak a word of english . the 18-year-old has been accepted into some of the finest schools on the planet , including harvard ( pictured ) . ' my parents had done so much to put me in this position , to put me in the united states of america . and i had to take advantage of that . i had to do something with the opportunities they gave me . ' stefan 's extracurricular activities include helping to tutor other students while he is also valedictorian and secured a perfect sat score . he is not the first teenager to be accepted into all eight ivy league schools . just days ago it was revealed how north carolina student victor agbafe had done the same . the 17-year-old , a student at cape fear academy in wilmington , was accepted into 14 schools in all including stanford and duke . another high school student , harold ekeh of long island , was also accepted into all eight ivy league schools . ekeh , 18 , was editor of his student paper and ceo of the model un . he moved from nigeria to long island at the age of eight , got a 2270 on his sats and also has plans to be a neurosurgeon so he can find an alzheimer 's cure for his grandmother . whiz kid : harold ekeh , from long island , was also accepted into every ivy league college . he moved from nigeria to new york aged eight and plans to be a neurosurgeon .  