a women 's rights group has slammed a popular eatery for their latest advertising campaign which they claim objectifies women 's bodies to sell beer . the lowenbrau keller , in sydney 's the rocks , has released a social media and bus campaign featuring the slogan ' wunderbra ' underneath a photograph of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen holding a tray of beer steins . the same campaign also features an image of two women in a similar state of dress with the caption ' make mein a dubbel ' , sparking outrage from collective shout , who claim the advertisements reinforces sexual objectification . scroll down for video . campaign group collective shout has slammed sydney restaurant lowenbrau keller for an advertising campaign they claim sexually objectifies women . the lowenbrau keller campaign is being used on both social media and public transport platforms . ' through this advertising lowenbrau reinforces sexist attitudes and invites patrons to view female staff as sexual objects , exposing them to sexual harassment , ' melinda liszewski , spokesperson for grassroots campaign movement collective shout , told daily mail australia . ' [ the company 's slogan ] “ live it large” and “wunderbra” sends the message to an audience of all ages that women are to be valued for their body parts , ' ms liszewski said . ms liszewski said that the ' make mein a dubbel ' advertisement also suggests that the two women shown are ' part of the menu ' . dan hopkirk , marketing director for urban purveyor groups who owns the lowenbrau keller , said that the advertisements were meant as ' fun play-on words ' that people would be familiar with . ' [ the campaign was ] designed as a portrayal of the typical bavarian cultural experience enjoyed by millions during oktoberfest in munich every year , synonymous with this venue , ' mr hopkirk said . ' the advertising slogans coupled with the imagery that has been used across the campaign , are popular anglicised german phrases which are fun play-on words , ' he said . ' the löwenbräu keller campaign aims to embody the traditions of oktoberfest which is about a celebratory occasion and enjoyable time spent with friends . ' ms liszewski said that the lowenbrau keller , along with other establishments which the urban purveyor group owns , including the bavarian bier cafe , has a history of creating sexist and objectifying advertisements . ' a number of lowenbrau advertisements make a direct comparison between the serving size of food and beverages and the size of women’s breasts , ' she said . ms liszewski said that the advertisement also suggests that the two women shown are ' part of the menu ' . this images was tweeted from the restaurant 's official twitter account and posted to their facebook page with the caption ' is anybody suddenly thirsty ? ' the advertisements have garnered criticism from social media users who expressed their outrage over the allegedly objectifying images . ' this is explicitly spelt out via an ad on social media “ bigger is better - don’t you agree ? we’ve got big biers , big meals and big…fun . # beer” and reinforced by outdoor advertisements . ' the image , which shows a woman 's chest next to steins of beer , was tweeted from the restaurant 's official twitter account , and was also posted to their facebook page with the caption ' is anyone else suddenly thirsty for a bier ? ' . the advertisements have garnered criticism from social media users who expressed their outrage over the allegedly objectifying images . ' wie sexistisch . if that is the attitude you wish have about your restaurant , then i wont be visiting it again ! guten tag ! ' posted one social media user after the image was posted onto the lowenbrau keller facebook page . one twitter user uploaded a photo of the current ' wunderbra ' advertisement after spotting it on the back of a bus . ' i 'm glad these advertisers drew the line before they went tasteless , ' the social media user joked . according the advertising standards board code , advertisers are prohibited from presenting men or women in a way that is sexually ' exploitative and degrading ' . however , in 2007 the lowenbrau keller was reported to the board for a previous campaign which showed a man dressed in traditional bavarian clothing staring down the front of a woman in a low-cut lederhosen who is holding two steins of beer . the board dismissed the complaint due to the ' ambiguity ' of the claim that the man was shown to be staring at the woman 's breasts , but ruled that the advertisement emphasised the woman 's breasts and ' this did objectify the woman ' . ' i 'm glad these advertisers drew the line before they went tasteless , ' a social media user joked when he posted this image to twitter after spotting the ad on the back of a bus . ' viewing these advertisements it is hard to believe it is 2015 , ' said ms liszewski . the lowenbrau keller responded to the claims and said that ' the last impression we want to give is that you can come to our restaurant and stare at our waitresses ' breasts , and we have very strict house rules for anyone in our restaurant exhibitingoffensive behaviour . ' however , ms liszewski said that the active social media media presence the restaurant had allowed fans of the establishment to express sexually harassing comments . ' comments posted by fans on social media demonstrate this - “ big t*ts” … . “ very nice jugs” … “ this is what you will see on saturday night big ass “beers” can’t wait '' , ' she said . in 2013 , the urban purveyor group released an ad for oktoberfest , which is held in both the lowenbrau keller and the bavarian bier cafe each year . the clip depicts ' bavarian beauties training for oktoberfest ' , clad in short shorts and crop tops as they run along the beach and the camera pans up and down the women 's bodies . ' viewing these advertisements it is hard to believe it is 2015 . there is a growing awareness in the community that sexual objectification and sexist attitudes underpin the epidemic of violence against women in australia , ' ms liszewski said . ms liszewski said that the active social media media presence the restaurant had allowed fans of the establishment to express sexually harassing comments . the advertising standards board advised that the bavarian bier cafe removed the above ad after it was slammed for sexually objectifying women and comparing them to pieces of meat . ' the urban purveyor group and associated restaurants need to get out of the dark ages and start treating women and girls with the respect they deserve . ' last year , the bavarian bier cafe was forced to remove their campaign advertising their new range of ribs , after the ads were attacked for objectifying women . the advertising standards board advised that the cafe removed the ads , which depicted a fully clothed man with two women in low cut dresses on either side , in front of a rack of ribs with the slogan ' we 've got the best racks ' . the cafe claimed that for every serving of the ribs sold , the company would donate $ 1 to treasure chest charity , a group which raises money for breast reconstruction for women who have suffered through breast cancer . ' women are literally being referred to as a piece of meat , ' ms liszewski said . ' the ad is inviting us to judge women by the quality of their breasts . it 's bad enough that there is an opinion in the general community that this is what women are worth , but to link it to a breast cancer charity is just another layer of objectification . '