tara and gavin hills , from kanata , canada , have been firmly in the anti-vaccination camp , that is until their seven children contracted whooping cough . at first , mrs hills thought her kids had a bad cold , but then she heard their deep , booming cough that made them gag and vomit - ' the kind of cough that stops a parent 's heart , ' she recalled to national post . after looking up the symptoms online - powerful coughing fits , runny nose , stringy phlegm - the hills took their ailing brood to the hospital on the morning of april 2 . scroll down for video . change of heart : tara and gavin hills , have been anti-vaxxers for six years , but all that changed when their seven young children came down with whooping cough . public confession : mrs hills , pictured left and right with her husband , penned a blog post about her decision to ditch the anti-vaxxer stance . large brood : the hills ' six sons and a daughter between the ages of 10 months and 10 years ( pictured ) remain in quarantine and are being treated with antibiotics . four days later , lab tests confirmed whooping cough - an infection of the respiratory system characterized by severe coughing spells , which mainly affects infants and children between the ages of 11 and 18 . according to kidshealth.org , before a vaccine was developed , whooping cough - also known as pertussis - killed up to 10,000 people in the us annually . the introduction of the vaccine has reduced the number of fatalities caused by the infection each year to 30 , but in recent years the number of cases has been on the rise . tara hills said she and her husband had their first three children partially vaccinated , but then stopped because they have grown suspicious of what she described on her blog , the scientificparent.com , as the ' big pharma-government-media conspiracy . ' weary : tara wrote that she and her husband decided to stop vaccinating their children because they did n't trust the health care system . at risk : the hills ' three eldest kids were partially vaccinated , but the four youngest ones got no shots at all , leaving them vulnerable . ' were these vaccines even necessary in this day and age ? ' mrs hills wrote . ' were we unwittingly doing greater harm than help to our beloved children ? so much smoke must mean a fire so we defaulted to the `` do nothing and hope nothing bad happens '' position . ' the hills first began questioning their controversial anti-vaxxer stance after hearing of a massive measles outbreak at disneyland earlier this year . at first , the parents ' fear of contagion proved weaker than their mistrust of the medical system . but then tara and her husband started looking at information from government agencies and reputable health organizations . in an ironic twist - one of many in the story of the hills ' evolution as anti-vaxxers - their children have been scheduled to get their first shots soon when whooping cough struck , reported ctv news . ' i looked again at the science and evidence for community immunity and found myself gripped with a very real sense of personal and social responsibility before god and man , ’ tara hills wrote on her blog , adding that one of her main concerns was that her kids may have infected her sister 's unvaccinated infant . the hills ' youngest children are still battling the illness , but are expected to recover . her six sons and a daughter ranging in age from 10 months to 10 years have been ordered to remain in quarantine at their house in kanata until they stop being contagious , which will take five days . on thursday , mrs hills said her two eldest children have turned a corner and are now on the mend , while the younger kids are still battling the illness with the help of antibiotics . in her blog post titled learning the hard way : my journey from # antivaxx to science , which has been viewed more than 2million times , hills acknowledged the awkward position she has found herself in . 'i’m writing this from quarantine , the irony of which isn’t lost on me , ' she wrote . ' i am not looking forward to any gloating or shame as this ' defection ' from the antivaxx camp goes public , but this is n't a popularity contest . right now my family is living the consequences of misinformation and fear . '