a 49-year-old gunman who was holed up in a vintage blue bus has been shot dead following a seven-hour standoff with swat officers that involved heavy gunfire , tear gas and the use of an armored car . mark hawkins reportedly barricaded himself inside the greyhound-style bus in the parking lot of a walmart in salem , oregon , after he was approached by police , who believed him to be wanted . seconds later , hawkins , who was being hunted in lane county for failing to appear on a charge of delivery of a controlled substance , allegedly fired his weapon from the front of the large vehicle . the bullet struck a police dog named baco in the head , prompting an exchange of gunfire between officers and hawkins . numerous law enforcement agencies in the area then rushed to the scene . scroll down for video . wrecked : mark hawkins , 49 , who was holed up in a vintage blue bus has been shot dead following a seven-hour standoff with swat officers . above , the bus is pictured in a wrecked off after the standoff on friday . finally out : a law enforcement official is pictured dragging hawkins ( whose limb can be seen in the official 's grip ) out of the greyhound-style bus , which was situated in the parking lot of a walmart in salem , oregon . shot dead : the suspect ( left and right ) , who was wanted in lane county for failing to appear on a charge of delivery of a controlled substance , had barricaded himself in the vehicle after he was approached by police . in the hours after the first shot , which occurred shortly before noon on friday , swat officers and police fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas at the bus in turner road - but to no avail . they locked down all shops in the area , including the walmart , as they attempted to force hawkins out of the vehicle . they finally decided to ram an armored car into the blue bus , according to koin.com . in incredible scenes , swat offers drove the car into the bus , punching holes in the larger vehicle . but the suspect apparently still refused to comply with officers and ' continued to brandish a handgun ' . at around 6.30pm , police shot at the suspect multiple times . he was hit and wounded by nine bullets , causing him to slide out of the bus . he was then taken to a nearby hospital , where he later died . ' [ hawkins ] has since died of his injuries , ' the salem police department said on friday night . it is not yet known whether the bus belonged to hawkins - and if not , how he managed to get into the vehicle . the officers involved in the shooting - officer joshua edmiston , officer vincent dawson and officer sean bennet - have now been placed on administrative leave pending an investigation , police said . vintage : hawkins allegedly fired a weapon from the front of the large vehicle . the bullet struck a police dog named baco in the head , prompting an exchange of bullets between officers and hawkins . above , the bus . firing tear gas : in the hours after the first shot , which occurred shortly before noon on friday , swat officers and police fired more than a dozen rounds of tear gas ( pictured ) at the bus in turner road - but to no avail . lock down : they locked down all shops in the area , including the walmart , as they attempted to force hawkins out of the vehicle . they finally decided to ram an armored car into the bus , it is reported . meanwhile , k-9 baco was taken to a nearby vet , where he was treated and released . he is now recovering at home with his handler , according to the police department 's facebook page . an autopsy by the oregon state medical examiner on saturday showed that hawkins was shot nine times by officers during the standoff . he apparently died of gunshot wounds to the chest . on his facebook page , hawkins is pictured smiling while cuddling his pet dog at his eugene home . an investigation is ongoing . recovering : the standoff occurred in the parking lot of this walmart ( right ) in turner road . k-9 baco ( left ) , who was injured in the shooting , was taken to a nearby vet , where he was treated and released .  