a coroner has questioned the lack of swimming in the national curriculum after rony john , 15 , drowned on the first day of his summer holidays . a coroner has raised concerns over the lack of swimming lessons included in the national curriculum after a 15-year-old drowned in a river on the first day of his summer holidays . rony john , 15 , died after jumping into the river great ouse in hartford , cambridgeshire , despite being unable to swim . at an inquest into his death , the coroner said she would now write to government chiefs to ask why swimming is not included in secondary school education . the hearing heard that swimming is compulsory during primary school but is not enforced for those aged 11 or over . assistant cambridgeshire coroner belinda cheney said : ' swimming is not a difficult skill to learn yet it is a critical life skill . ' the hearing heard how rony was with friends on the bank of the river in july last year when he dived into the water . when it was clear he was in difficulty , rony 's friends desperately tried to rescue the teenager . a group of adults also attempted to bring the young boy to safety , while firefighters arrived at the scene within ten minutes . but an inquest heard how rony was swept away by the current and would have died within four minutes of jumping into the water . his body was not found until the following day . the hearing , which took place in huntingdon , cambridgeshire , heard how rony came to britain from india in 2012 and did not know how to swim . according to his headteacher , mr bennet said he had been eligible for six 30-minute lessons a year at st. peter 's school in huntingdon . but christopher bennet said that he had also been excused from some of the sessions after taking notes to school , written by his family , requesting he not take part . just weeks after rony 's death , the school also cancelled swimming lessons for all older pupils . after the hearing , mr bennet said : ' rony came to school at the beginning of year eight . as his family said in the inquest he needed help to stay afloat . the teenager was swimming with friends in the great river ouse at hatford , cambridgeshire in july last year . firefighters were on the scene within ten minutes and his friends also tried to bring rony to safety , but the young man could not be saved . ' pupils of his age were entitled to six half-an-hour lessons a year and we know that for all of the lessons that took place he was in school . ' we know that he attended some of those lessons but he also came in with notes which could have come from the family stating that he could n't take part . ' he added : ' swimming is in the national curriculum for primary school pupils but not for those in secondary education . ' we had to cancel lessons for secondary school pupils because of the cost and it would be beneficial to have extra provisions for those students . ' it is a life skill and at the end of the day we live on an island so we are never very far away from water . ' tributes were left at the scene , on the bank of the river , following rony 's death . his headteacher christopher bennet said he was a ' hugely popular young man ' . he added that rony was a ' hugely popular young man ' and there were plans for a memorial cricket match on the first anniversary of his death . rony 's father john thomas , from huntingdon , told the inquest : ' he was extremely well-behaved . he was always a good boy . ' yesterday , moses yitzchok greenfeld , 19 , from stamford hill , london , drowned in hampstead heath pond after going for a swim with four friends in the 25c heat . his body was eventually discovered five foot below the surface and 20ft from the water 's edge just before 11pm on wednesday - nearly six hours after he was reported in trouble at 5.30pm . it is thought mr greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water . it has since been claimed that police officers ' watched ' as the desperately tried to save their friend . an eyewitness has said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend . 