this is the moment that two total strangers who could pass for identical twins came face to face for the first time . niamh geaney , a 26-year-old student and tv presenter , found her 29-year-old doppleganger after she teamed up with two friends to launch a project called twin strangers . the aim of the social media experiment was to see which of the three could find their closest lookalike within 28 days and it attracted submissions to their website 'twin-strangers.com from across the world . scroll down for video . this is the moment that niamh geaney , right , met her doppleganger , karen branigan , left for the first time . they meet ! ' i was ridiculously nervous about how i would react to meeting someone who looks like me ' niamh ( right ) said about karen ( left ) . incredibly , miss geaney , of dublin found karen branigan in just two weeks - just an hour away . after their first meeting she said : ‘ i was ridiculously nervous about how i would react to meeting someone who looks like me . ' for the duration of our encounter i pretty much stared at her . i couldn’t get over her face . ‘ and some of the expressions she would pull i would think to myself or say aloud , “ oh my god that’s my face” . i can’t remember the number of times i said “ this is so freaky” . it was truly amazing . ‘ i would say karen is the shyer of the two of us , ’ said miss geaney . ‘ but then you have to remember this was an even more surreal experience for her than it was for me . i’m the weirdo that contacted karen and asked her to meet me . ’ uncanny : niamh geaney , a 26-year-old student from dublin ( left ) , found her ' twin stranger ' in karen branigan ( right ) , through a social media campaign she launched with friends . ' for the entire duration of our encounter i pretty much stared at her . i couldn’t get over her face , ' said niamh ( left ) . miss branigan , who is currently in between jobs , has five sisters and a brother . miss greaney has two sisters , and both girls agree that none of their siblings look anywhere near as similar to them as they do to one another . since meeting , miss greaney and miss branigan - who are both single - say they 've been chatting on facebook ' constantly ' . karen ( right ) turned out to be a fellow ireland native who lived just an hour down the road from niamh ( left ) , making it easy for the pair to meet in real life and take some eerily twin-like photos together . she added , ' some of the expressions she would pull i would think to myself or say aloud , `` oh my god that’s my face '' ' while miss geaney appears to have beaten her fellow twin strangers participants , 21-year-old harry and 22-year-old terence , hands down , the search is n't over until april 27 . ' i think i have a two , maybe three at a push who resemble me . but they 're definitely not as close a match as karen to niamh , ' harry english said . ' i 'm trailing further behind , ' admits terence manzanga . ' must be a guy thing . they tend to be a bit too shy to participate . not sure if being originally from sub-saharan africa has anything to do with it ! ' niamh ( right ) said she and karen ( left ) got on ' very well ' as they both applied make-up before the shoot , swapping beauty tips and marvelling at their similarities ( pictured ) . friends for life ? since meeting , niamh ( right ) and karen ( left ) - who are both single - say they 've been chatting on facebook ' constantly ' . feedback : shocked reactions to karen and niamh 's story have flooded in from far and wide . challenge : niamh 's ( right ) fellow twin strangers participants , 21-year-old harry ( left ) and 22-year-old terence ( centre ) , are still looking for their doppelgängers , and the search is n't over until april 27 . miss geaney , who is still promoting the project across social media with harry and terence as interest spreads , says there will be no prize for the winner , just ' pride ' . they are inviting others from around the world to join in too now , by adding users ' photos to their facebook album . ' there is a huge human curiosity element to it , ' she said . ' can you imagine how surreal it would be to meet someone who looked exactly like you ? ' only last month the mail revealed how retired priest neil richardson was greeted with waves and ‘ hello john’ greetings when he moved to braintree , essex , 18 months ago because residents mistook him for 74-year-old lookalike john jemison . 