a legal stoush looms between perth glory and football federation australia after the a-league club was booted out of the finals for cheating the salary cap . glory were fined $ 269,000 and relegated to seventh spot on the table after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap over the previous three years . as the club suffered a 3 - 0 defeat to sydney on friday night , fans set off a series of flares , unimpressed by attempts by officials to placate them . perth were found to have exceeded the cap by around $ 400,000 this season alone , with ffa claiming the club failed to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players . ffa chief executive david gallop said he expects perth 's management to be removed in the wake of the mess . perth glory will be excluded from the a-league finals after breaching the salary cap over three seasons . chief executive jason brewer speaking at a press conference at the perth glory head office on friday . but glory revealed on friday night that they have filed with the supreme court of western australia seeking an injunction against ffa 's verdict . if that falls flat , glory will go through the ffa 's appeals process in a bid to either overturn the decision , or reduce the penalty . ' this season , our player payments , paid under the salary cap , are forecast to be below that salary cap threshold of $ 2.55 million , ' glory chief executive jason brewer said . ' all the payments this club makes - to its coaches , players , administrative staff - are all made through the club 's accounts here . ' ( they are ) made by our finance department , recorded in our ledger , and those amounts are all audited at the end of the year by an independent auditor . ' we go into the next games on the basis that for all perth glory fans out there , our players are playing for points . ' ffa chief executive david gallop said he expects perth 's management to be removed in the wake of the mess . december 17 : fairfax publishes a report claiming it has seen documents showing perth glory may have exceeded the salary cap for up to three seasons . it claims glory failed to disclose numerous benefits it paid to players and their agents . february 12 : ffa issues glory with show-cause notice alleging the club failed to disclose numerous benefits to players over a three-year period . perth glory chief executive jason brewer claims the club will still be well under the salary cap even if these other costs are included . february 16 : ffa staff head to perth 's offices to conduct a salary cap audit . april 1 : ffa issues glory with second show-cause notice relating to alleged serious breaches . ffa claims glory failed to disclose reportable payments and significantly exceeded the salary cap . april 8 : glory responds to second show-cause notice , but only after being granted a two-hour extension of their deadline . april 10 : ffa hands down the heaviest penalties in a-league history after finding glory deliberately and consistently cheated the salary cap . glory announces appeal process has started . gallop earlier claimed perth deliberately hid salary cap rorting for three seasons and deserved to be banned from this season 's finals . ' the breach this season involves the deliberate failure to disclose payments and benefits to at least six players , ' gallop said . ' where you 've got deliberate concealment , you need to impose strict penalties to send a deterrent . ' certainly it would be clear that the management have engaged in these practices and , in our view , it would be unlikely that management would stay in place . ' glory face a $ 269,000 fine and relegated to seventh spot after being found guilty of rorting the salary cap . glory were sitting equal first at the time of the punishment , but they will now finish the season in seventh spot unless they successfully appeal . should the original punishment stand , brisbane roar are likely to sneak into the finals . the ffa said in addition to the deliberate salary cap breaches , perth also broke rules regarding the disclosure of payments in the 2012/13 and 2013/14 seasons . the peak governing body said perth were guilty of three breaches , including payments outside of a standard player contract ; payments to a player 's family member ; payments of travel costs ; provision of motor vehicles ; and accommodation benefits .