there ca n't always be a tv camera rolling when the big news happens - and saturday night live has taken network news to task for how they paper over the cracks . the nbc sketch show parodied the daytime cnn newsroom , which turned into a series of let-downs when it emerged there was no footage for the stories they were covering . but the ingenious producers for the skit managed to cover up with abysmal animations to illustrate the germanwings crash , u.s.-iran diplomacy , and domestic politics . scroll down for video . cutting edge : snl writers joked that cnn 's animations look like they belong in 1985 . above was ' their impression ' of what the doomed pilot of the crashed germanwings jet may have looked like trying to get into the cockpit . real thing : above is an actual animation cnn aired to illustrate the pilot not being able to get back in . an informative graphic of a man opening a door , and a producer 's image of what the doomed pilot going to the bathroom may have looked like graced the screens , mocking their coverage of the tragedy . it was seemingly inspired by a much-derided , clunky animation of a man hammering on a cockpit door . cecily strong , playing anchor brooke baldwin , introduced a badly-animated hand grasping at a doorknob . a reporter then chimed in : ' we were lucky to get the same team who did the dire straits money for nothing music video in 1985 . ' the problems continued when cnn was unable to get a fly-on-the-wall view of iran 's nuclear negotiations - and went for a puppet show instead . bobby moynihan , playing a reporter on the ground , explained by saying : ' we could n't get any footage from the actual negotiations - but once again cnn has the next best thing ' . ' next best thing ' : for its next story , cnn had no footage of the iran nuclear animations , so went with muppets-style puppets . absurd : the network was imagined providing imagery for coverage of indiana 's religious freedom law through the medium of interpretative dance . viewers were confronted with four muppets-style puppets , including one representing john kerry . a handshake to celebrate a deal being struck quickly escalated , with the secretary of state sharing a passionate kiss with a u.s. diplomat . the theater of the absurd peaked when the network admitted it had n't bothered to send anybody to indiana to cover the controversial religious freedom law there - so demonstrated with an interpretative dance instead . they later added in ' random commentary ' from don lemon , played by michael che , which consisted of the anchor repeating ' black people need to pull up their pants . ' then segment received a rapturous response on social media , with dozens of fans tweeting their appreciation . against the grain : donald trump spoke out against the skit , which he said was insensitive . even some cnn personnel enjoyed the ribbing . brenna williams , an associate producer at the network , said in response to the iran sketch : ' do n't be surprised if i pitch a puppet politics piece on monday ' . however , one high-profile dissenter was donald trump , who called laughing at the air disaster ' disgusting ' . earlier in the show , sketchwriters turned their attention to the ncaa finals , hot on the heels of duke 's blue devils and the wisconsin badgers winning their way into the april 6 final . jahlil was busy : nbc imagined the impossible scenario of a college basketball player putting his studies ahead of sport . a satirical skit imagined the blue devils coach acknowledging that his players were students before athletes - and holding back jahlil okafor from the big game so he could revise for a test . keenan thompson , posing as head coach mike krzyzewski , said star player okafor would be replaced by a 36-year-old incompetent to bone up on biology instead . he told baffled reporters : ' these guys get paid in education - and if we ca n't give them that it 'd be like duke did n't pay me my salary of $ 10million this year , which would be insane ! '