build up for sunday’s manchester derby has officially started with south american duo radamel falcao and sergio aguero featuring in a promo video for sponsors puma . in the aptly-named ' head to head , ' production , manchester united forward falcao and his manchester city counterpart aguero do just that as they battle it out in a cage style match . and while the scenario wo n't replicate the atmosphere at old trafford the introduction of both players , as they gear up for their unique encounter is met with fans cheering , dressed in the duo 's respective team 's colours . south american duo radamel falcao ( left ) and sergio aguero feature in a promo video for sponsors puma . manchester united striker falcao awaits the arrival of aguero - backed by a mass of red devils ' supporters . aguero is all smiles at the start of the video as the two rival players get ready for cage style encounter . falcao ( left ) tries to go past aguero during the opening stages of their cage match encounter . united 's no 9 ( left ) leaves aguero trailing in his wake after producing a piece of skill in the video . however , the manchester city hitman ( left ) has falcao backpedaling as he takes a 2-1 lead in the video . yet , falcao ( left ) has the last laugh as he scores an equaliser to see the match end on a cliffhanger at 2-2 . and like for so much of the premier league era , it is united who take first blood when falcao shows off his nimble footwork before firing past aguero . however , it is n't long before the city hitman proves the scourge of the red half of manchester once more as he nutmegs united 's no 9 to equalise before showing all of his predatory qualities to tap home from close range . with both falcao and aguero calling on a fan to aid them midway through the encounter , united have the last laugh in the video with a trademark late goal as the former curls home an equaliser to level the scoreline at 2-2 . and while the video ends with the scoreline in the balance , neither side will be playing for a draw then they meet for real on sunday . manuel pellegrini’s side travel to old trafford looking to secure a champions league place after defeat to crystal palace on monday all but ended their pursuit of league leaders chelsea . but , the chilean could also be fighting to hold on to his job as a lacklustre city look to save what looks to be , by their recent high standards , a disappointing campaign . united , on the other hand , have hit form at exactly the right time and are also looking to secure a champions league spot having started the season poorly . city boss manuel pellegrini witnessed his side limp to a 2-1 defeat at crystal palace . puncheon celebrates his brilliant free kick which all but ended manchester city 's hopes of catching chelsea . city striker aguero stands , hands on hips , after seeing his side fall behind at selhurst park .