porto coach julen lopetegui does not believe that bayern munich 's extensive injury list will a leading role in wednesday 's champions league quarter-final meeting . the bundesliga champions remain hot favourites to reach the last four of europe 's elite competition , despite pep guardiola only being able to name three outfield players among the substitutes for the weekend 's victory over eintracht franfurt . star players including arjen robben , david alaba , franck ribery and bastian schweinsteiger are among those sidelined . lopetegui insists the 2012-13 winners still have an enviable amount of talent in their squad , but hopes his side can cause an upset . the porto squad take a training session at their dragao stadium ahead of wednesday 's quarter-final . porto coach julen lopetegui is holding out hope of upsetting bayern munich in the champions league . while the germans have suffered injuries , porto have been boosted by the return of jackson martinez . pep guardiola has hailed his former barcelona team-mate lopetegui ( above ) for porto 's brand of football . the porto coach has asked his team to call on ' ambition and imagination ' to cause an upset . ' ambition and imagination are two words we have in mind , ' he told reporters . ' i 'd like to remind everyone that we did n't win a ticket to this competition - we had to earn it through the play-offs . ' we are here , proud and happy to be playing among the best teams in europe at this stage of the champions league . ' we want to be the best performers tomorrow while maintaining respect for our opponents . we are talking about one of the best bayern sides in the club 's history . ' bayern have injuries but will still have seven or eight world champions on the pitch . we do n't care about the players they do n't have . we have to focus on the ones that will play . ' ( l-r ) future real madrid signing danilo , ricardo pereira , goalkeeper fabiano and bruno indi enter the pitch . porto players take part in some light running at their home ground on tuesday . porto star hector herrera attends a press conference on the eve of their season defining game . bayern manager guardiola has praised his former barcelona team-mate for the brand of football he has brought to the the portuguese , while lopetegui has been quick to return the compliment . ' i feel the same way guardiola does about facing me , ' he added . ' there is a lot of respect between us . ' bayern want possession and usually they get it . we have to take good care of the ball , use it perfectly . we have to be great in attack and defence . ' porto 's hopes have been boosted by the return of leading scorer jackson martinez to the 20-man squad for the first leg at dragao . barcelona boss guardiola has his former team-mate 's total respect ahead of the eurpoean showdown . star player franck ribery is one of several leading players ruled out of the last eight clash . 