she may have all the help that money can buy - but for the duchess of cambridge , the prospect of having two children under the age of two will still be a huge challenge . kate , 33 , is due to give birth to her second child in the coming days - providing a little brother or sister to prince george . william 's wife already has a nanny at her disposal as well as her mother carole , who is moving into the cambridges ' norfolk home anmer hall after the new baby arrives . scroll down for video . catherine , the duchess of cambridge holds prince george poses for photographers outside st. mary 's hospital in london shortly after giving birth in 2013 . she is currently preparing to give birth to her second child . so just how difficult is it to care for a newborn with a toddler running around ? very , as it turns out . parenting blogger emily-jane clark , who runs the popular site how to survive a sleep thief , which she describes as ' an antithesis to baby advice ' , has compiled a list of the ways that a mother can cope with caring for two kids under two . they including avoiding a double buggy , buying several blue bowls and never setting a specific time for meeting people . read on to catch some of emily 's top tips ... having two children is significantly harder than having one , according to the experts ( picture posed by models ) . 1 . do not bother trying to get anything done ever . while it is tricky to get stuff done with one baby , with two it is practically impossible . i have lost entire days trying to get things done and achieved nothing . you think , ' i know ; i’ll write a list , get organised , tick things off as i go along . ' easy , right ? wrong . five days later you realise you haven’t even managed to finish writing the bloody list . so i suggest doing what you can when you can . better still just use this list : get up . look after the children . anything achieved alongside this list is automatically a bonus . 2 . don’t buy a double buggy . you will use it once , realise it is really heavy and annoying and sell it on ebay . 3 . do not try to get anywhere on time . with two babies on the go , everything takes ages . ‘ popping out’ becomes a distant memory . i remember a time when nipping out for milk simply meant taking clothes out of the wardrobe , putting them on , grabbing my bag and leaving the house . now it can take hours as i desperately attempt to scrub baby snot from my clothes with baby wipes , clean bums , clean teeth , change nappies , feed baby , break up fights , chase toddler , dress toddler , dress baby , leave house , forget bag , return to house , leave house , forget baby , return to house , get baby , leave house and then when i finally get to shop , i have forgotten what the hell i went for . as a mother of two young children , it is almost impossible to get anywhere on time ( picture posed by models ) . 4 . someone always wants something from you . a banana , a biscuit , a drink , a dummy , a poo , a wee , a wipe , dinner , lunch , breakfast , a snack , toys , clothes . take me outside , take me home , take me to the toilet , take me to the park ? story , piggyback , play doh , song . your life becomes an endless cycle of getting stuff for small people . some days you’ll want to quit . other days you’ll want to scream . but you still get them the stuff . because at the end of the day , it is far easier than being asked for the stuff , over and over again , all day long . 5 . when you are expecting your second baby you will secretly worry whether you will love him or her as much as you love your first . surely , it must be impossible to love another human being as much as you love your firstborn ? there could never be a baby as cute , or as funny , or as beautiful . then baby two arrives and they are just as cute , just as funny and just as beautiful . and before you know it , you can’t imagine life without them . when children are young , they always want whatever toy the other is playing with ( picture posed by models ) . 6 . get an extra pair of eyes to put in the back of your head because , at one point , your children will try to kill each other . not intentionally , of course . but toddlers seem to be under the impression that ‘dangerous’ means fun . for example ; ' it will be so funny to whack my sister over the head with a mug . ' and ' i wonder what will happen if i stick this pencil right up my sister’s nose . ' 7 . buy two of everything . they always want what the other one has . toddler could pick up a dead frog and baby would still drop whatever she was doing and decide she desperately wants that dead frog more than anything in the world . you can tell them to share until you are blue in the face . but apparently ‘share’ is toddler speak for ‘snatch’ . prince william and kate with their son prince george , who will soon have a younger brother or sister . 8 . i would also suggest that all the children’s cups and bowls are the same colour . we have a single blue bowl that is currently making my life hell . 9 . having two children close in age can be exhausting and frustrating . it is rare that a day goes by where i haven’t silently sworn about something . but mostly , it is pretty amazing . and there is a great comfort in knowing that no matter what , they will always have each other . when they are not trying to kill each other , they are best friends…at least until they both want the blue bowl . 