ever since pippa middleton and kim sears stepped out armed with their trusty aspinal of london handbags , they have fast became the season 's must-have arm candy . but if the marylebone tote 's super slick design and clutch of celebrity fans was n't enough , it just got better . the british brand has called on international style icon olivia palermo to design a limited edition handbag . olivia palermo , who found fame on reality tv show the city , has teamed up with luxury british brand aspinal of london to design a tote . aspianal of london olivia palermo limited edition marylebone tote . limited edition- hurry up ! visit site . with pippa middleton and victoria beckham both being long term devotees , aspinal of london handbags have been on our sartorial radar for a while now . but the british heritage brand has stepped up its game a notch for its latest venture , a collaboration with one of our favourite fashionistas , olivia palermo . let us introduce you to the ' tech tote ' , a fusion of technology and style , this patent leather mock croc handbag in a rich chocolate brown comes with a built in phone/ tablet charger- how genius is that ? ! what’s more , all of the profits of the sale of this handbag go to adcam , a charity that works to develop cooperation projects and social responsibility initiative- click right to get yours now . but you best be quick as this is a limited edition piece and is sure to be a sell-out ! del mano large faux crocodile tote at amazon . visit site . tignanello houston street leather croco shopper at macy 's ( now $ 113.40 ) visit site . ( no reviews ) be the first to write a review details shipping info need help ? from the dahlia melbourne collection . a roomy silhouette made from sumptuous exotic embossed leather . adjustable double handles , about 9 '' to 11 '' top zip closure one outer open pocket one tassel accent protective metal feet two inner zip pockets two inner open pockets two pencil/pen loops one key clip lined 12” w x 10” h x 5 '' d leather lining : polyester/cotton imported show more web id # : 0170-l15151 add to wish list online chat $ 255.00 select color : pecan black dahlia pecan size : one size one size quantity add to bag free 2-day shipping & free returns learn more | sign in . visit site . brahmin melbourne large duxbury satchel at nordstrom . visit site . the fashionista , who found fame on the city , has created a marylebone techtote , which features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf , complete with a dusty pink suede lining and gold hardware . catering to busy women on the go - like olivia herself - the tote features an integral juice pack and cable paths so you can charge your phone and tablet on the move . the bag contains a built-in high-capacity battery that claims to recharge your poor energy-sapped phone whilst stylishly concealing any of the wires . but if you want to snap up olivia 's style , you better move quickly because there 's only 30 in existence . olivia 's £995 marylebone techtote features luxury amazon brown mock-croc leather and brown hair calf , complete with a dusty pink suede lining and gold hardware - and even comes with a built-in phone charger . proving that she 's as charitable as she is chic , 100 per cent of the sales of the £995 tote will go to adcam , a charity that works to develop cooperation projects and social responsibility initiatives . olivia , who is a long-time supporter of adcam , said : ' working with aspinal and having them lend their support to adcam a charity whose initiative i support has been a stylish and meaningful experience . ’ she 's a globally renowned style icon and recently designed her own footwear collection for aquazzura so it 's hardly surprising that olivia is considering her own fashion range . last year , the stylish 28-year-old , pictured , left , at the sentebale royal salute polo cup and , right , at london fashion week , admitted that she has accounted for a label in her ten year plan . the stylish star , who shot to fame on mtv 's the city , has hinted at plans to make a foray into designing . in an interview last year with the edit , net-a-porter 's online magazine , the 28-year-old admitted that she has accounted for a label in her ten year plan . ' i would love to start my own [ fashion ] house but it’s not the right time . i feel like i can do it in stages and when the timing is right to do it , then i will , ' she revealed . and she 's had plenty of practice ; palermo has already designed a footwear collection , modelled for some of fashion 's biggest names and has been managing her own website since 2011 . kim sears , left , has been spotted carrying the £1,395 marylebone tote in ivory saffiano and mouse python at wimbledon . pippa , meanwhile , favours the £795 monochrome version , right . kim sears , the queen of courtside fashion , has been spotted carrying the £1,395 marylebone tote in ivory saffiano and mouse python while at wimbledon . pippa , meanwhile , favours the £795 monochrome or £750 deer saffiano versions . other famous fans of the luxury british brand include millie mackintosh , who is often spotted with her marylebone tote , as well as amanda holden , and mollie king , who has a satchel named after her . millie mackintosh and mollie king are fans of aspinal - mollie even has a satchel ( pictured right ) named after her .  