a few blocks from the finish line and even closer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 boston marathon , race organizers are building a combination clubhouse , interactive museum and retail store that , for the first time , gives them a year-round , public presence . the boston runbase scheduled to open april 16 will allow visitors to learn about the world 's most prestigious road race , run a replica of the course on a treadmill or see artifacts from its 118-year history . it will give runners a place to gather before going for a jog by the charles river , and then shower and change before heading back to work or to the convention center across the street . construction : joe clifford paints the ceiling of runbase near the 26-mile mark of the boston marathon , in boston on wednesday . champion : a gold laurel wreath , which is awarded to the winner of the boston marathon , is displayed at the boston athletic association . the wreath , and other historic items from the race , will be on display when runbase opens later in april . location : runbase is just a few blocks from the marathon finish line , and even nearer to the spot where the second bomb exploded during the 2013 race . runners are seen here during the 2013 boston marathon . if they want to pick up a pair of shoes or a boston marathon jacket , they can do that , too . ' this runbase is the front door , ' tom grilk , the executive director of the boston athletic association , said this week before checking in on the construction at the boylston street storefront . ' it is intended to be a place where the visitor can touch the history , the tradition of the boston marathon , and then get out and do something , go for a run themselves . ' a combined effort between the b.a.a. , adidas and longtime shoe-seller marathon sports , which is providing the staff and retail know-how , the boston runbase is a shoeseum of sorts : part shoe store , part museum . it is the sixth runbase for adidas 0 the first in the u.s . but it will differ from locations from tokyo to prague , as well as the nike store nearby , because of its association with the boston marathon . ' not only is the boston marathon the carnegie hall of running , but boston is an amazing running community , ' said mikal peveto , adidas ' director of running innovation . and that became even more apparent after two bombs interrupted the 2013 race , attacks that galvanized runners and turned the boston marathon into a symbol of the city 's resilience . ' it drew the global running community together over something that 's kind of ours , as runners , ' peveto said . ' it changed everything . from something so tragic , it was incredibly powerful what came out of that ... realizing that we had something even more special than we had before . ' a running club that had long been associated primarily with its flagship race , the b.a.a . had spent the last 15 years expanding its calendar to include a half-marathon in the fall and a 5k and 10k in the spring and summer . but the organization remained tucked away a few blocks from the course in offices decorated with memorabilia that can be seen , grilk said , by ' essentially nobody . ' down the street : boylston street , the site of the 2013 boston marathon bombing - as well as the finish line for the marathon itself - is now how to a boston marathon-themed store and clubhouse . legacy : a cyclist pedals over the finish line of the boston marathon on wednesday . year-round visitors to boston have had limited options to learn the history of the race , besides visiting the course , until this month when runbase opens . leader : tom grilk , the executive director of the boston athletic association , smiles during an interview regarding runbase . ' we thought : why not take all this stuff and bring it out to the street ? ' he said . ' if you can be engaged with the community , you have a chance . you may still screw things up , but you have a chance . otherwise , you 're just the guys who are stopping traffic . ' the b.a.a . plans to use the runbase for special events , including clinics and meet-ups where recreational joggers can connect or get tips from coaches before heading out on a run . lockers and showers will save them a trip home to change ; those staying at one of the back bay 's dozens of hotels might be sent by the front desk to find a running partner or a good route for , say , a leisurely 5k . the site is about one block after marathon runners turn off of hereford street for the final stretch to the finish line , not far from the charles river esplanade that is one of the city 's prettiest backdrops for a run . it is across the street from the hynes convention center , which hosts a shoulder-to-shoulder runners ' expo on marathon weekend and events throughout the year . ' for me , it does n't matter if it 's a dental convention or a running convention , ' peveto said . ' right outside on boylston street , when they walk outside , they 're going to see that runbase . ' much of the memorabilia had been on display in the b.a.a . offices . other items , like the sweatshirt kathrine switzer wore when she became the first woman to enter the race — and when a race official tried to bodily remove her from the course — were locked away in drawers . now they will be included in rotating exhibits , along with records of every boston marathon competitor in one place for the first time . ' you could go in there and say , `` hey , my dad ran this in 1972 . '' and click , click , click , you could look up your dad , ' peveto said . said b.a.a . spokesman jack fleming : ' this will be our ellis island . ' ' when someone participates in the boston marathon , they feel like they are added to the honor roll . it 's almost like being a part of an alumni association : you just have that connection with the people that have preceded you , ' he said . ' and you know that you are following , literally , in their footsteps . '