when floyd mayweather turned professional in 1996 , his ring nickname was ' pretty boy ' . but as he grew more successful and became one of the highest-paid fighters in the world , he swapped that for ' money ' , fitting for a man who has earned more than $ 400 million in his career . mayweather is also not shy about sharing his extravagant purchases with the world via social media . here , sportsmail looks at his vast collection of super cars , private jets and jewellery . scroll down for video . floyd mayweather counts his money , the boxer has earned more than $ 400million throughout his career . cars . mayweather 's love of cars is legendary and has such an expensive collection that he recently referred to two of his three bugatti 's as ' cheap ' , despite costing more than $ 1m each . he also has a third , which cost him more than $ 3m . one of his car dealers revealed he has been called in the small hours of the morning by the boxer and asked to have car delivered within 12 hours . another deal said mayweather has bought over 100 cars over the last 18 years , including 16 rolls-royces . from left to right : ferrari 599 gtb fiorano , porsche 911 turbo s , lamborghini aventador , ferrari 458 spider , ferrari 458 spider . bugatti grand sport , bugatti veyron , bugatti veyron ... and a private jet worth £30m . mayweather leaning against a bentley back in 2013 when he posted the message : ' enjoying my night ' . mayweather does n't just buy cars for himself , he treated his girlfriend to a new ferrari . floyd mayweather uploaded the above image to his instagram account of his ferrari enzo . mayweather bought his son a bentley golf cart for his 15th birthday . another two cars are tagged with bows , a ferrari and a bentley . mayweather posted this picture of a rolls royce ghost and bentley mulsanne back in 2013 . mayweather ( right ) shows off two of his bugattis , which he had before fighting marcos maidana last year . jewellery . reports in america last year suggested mayweather spent a whopping $ 500,000 on jewellery , including rings and watches during a new york shopping spree . and two years ago he posted a picture of just a single case of watches which he said said was worth $ 6.4m . mayweather posted this picture , part of his huge collection of expensive watches two years ago . mayweather is reportedly partial to a new york shopping spree where he spends thousands . mayweather also has a very bling collection of silver chains . the undefeated boxer likes his watches in several different colours , but all of them are expensive . mayweather shows off a gold watch and some sparkly jewels in this picture . not content with one pair of sunglasses , mayweather has put together quite the collection . mayweather also has a vast collection of shoes to choose from . private jet . mayweather is no strange to a late night trip and what other way is there to travel than by private jet ? his current model is worth $ 45m and he often ferries his money team wherever he goes . mayweather poses with some of his team outside his jet . mayweather during an interview with espn before his fight against manny pacquiao . mayweather posted this picture in 2013 of him relaxing on his jet with bundles of money . gambling . not content with the money he has made from boxing , mayweather regularly tries to earn more by gambling on sports . over the last year he posted betting slips showing winnings of up to $ 800,000 . mayweather takes a trip to the casino to spend some of his hard-earned money . mayweather regularly stakes huge sums of money on the nfl ; here he won $ 1.4m . mayweather won a similar amount when he bet on the denver broncos . mayweather never shies away from posting his betting slips on social media .