a former nfl player has revealed that his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost for ' raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted into the professional league . phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders , and seventeenth overall , when his mother made the request in 2002 . buchanon , who also played for the houston texans , tampa bay buccaneers , detroit lions and washington redskins before retiring in 2011 , discussed the incident in his recently released book new money : stay rich . ' if my mother taught me anything , it 's that this is the most desperate demand that a parent can make on a child , ' he wrote in an exclusive excerpt released to fox sports . former nfl player phillip buchanon ( pictured here playing for the oakland raiders ) has revealed his mother demanded he pay her one million dollars as the cost ' for raising him for the last 18 years ' after he was drafted . ' the covenant of having a child is simply that you give your child everything possible , and they owe you nothing beyond a normal amount of love and respect . ' but after years , buchanon said he realized that his mother and family members were different - especially when money became involved . he told fox sports that he wrote the book to make sure ' the next generation of athletes does n't make the same mistakes ' he did when he finally got paid the big nfl bucks . buchanon said he followed the ' unwritten nfl new money millionaire ' rule and instead bought his mother a brand new big house , as well as paid for all her finances that did not include food or entertainment . but he soon realized that gift would come with its own problems . instead of selling her old house , like he advised , buchanon 's mother rented it to his aunt . this left buchanon paying for mortgage and maintenance payments for both houses for seven years . buchanon asks rookies to consider certain questions before buying their family 'big-ticket purchases ' , such as whether the family member would be able to make the payments if they could n't , or if the family member expected them to pay for upkeep 20 years later . the former football star said his mother never offered him the money she made from her sister 's rent , and later blamed him for ' messing up her life ' after he kicked her boyfriend out of the house he paid for . ' what she did n't see was that her boyfriend was pimping her and me out , ' he wrote . ' he was n't bringing anything to the table , just taking . ' buchanon said he bought his mother a house instead , which brought its own set of problems for years . buchanon ( pictured playing for the tampa bay buccaneers ) said his relatives also asked him for money , claiming they needed a check to pay for repairs and bills . buchanon said he eventually became fed up and told his mother he would stop paying for her new house 's upkeep after he paid off the mortgage . when his mother said the house was too large for her to afford the maintenance , he offered to buy her a smaller house that he would pay for with cash and put in his name , protecting her from loans and giving his brothers and sisters a stable home . instead , his mother asked for $ 15,000 in cash . she ended up losing the home . ' she told me that if the new house did n't have space for two living room sets , she did n't want it , ' buchanon writes . buchanon said he moved out of his house at 17 because he no longer ' felt secure ' in a home where his mother let people ' come in and out of the house and take what they wanted ' . and the football player said he soon realized it would n't just be his mother asking him for money , but his relatives as well , who often had ' family emergencies ' . buchanon ( pictured with the tampa bay buccaneers ) moved out of his house at 17 because he no longer ' felt secure ' at home because his mother let people ' come in and out of the house and take what they wanted ' . buchanon said at first he would just write his relatives a check , which he said would ' always get cashed ' even as the problems never got fixed . that 's when buchanon said he started offering to pay for the ' emergencies ' directly to the mechanics or companies the money was supposedly owed to , only to have his relatives say ' forget about it ' . buchanon said he spent ' hundreds of thousands of dollars ' before learning how to deal with his family 's monetary demands . but he said it was the way his mother treated him that ended up teaching buchanon ' the most important lessons in life ' . ' the mothers and fathers of the world have been rearing their kids for generations - in every culture imaginable - and it 's a one-way street when it comes to money , ' he writes . ' if they pay you back someday , and you really are going through hard times , then that 's just a bonus , a gratuity for being a great mother or father . '