xiao zhengti , five , was born with a congenital liver disease meaning he needed his first transplant at just nine months old . a boy in china born with a malfunctioning liver is now looking forward to living a normal life after both of his parents donated part of their organs to save him . xiao zhengti , now five , was born with a liver condition meaning he had to have his first major surgery at just nine months old , when mother yang haiying donated part of her liver , the people 's daily online reports . but the boy 's body rejected the organ , leading to years of trips to hospital , until father xiao kunqing was allowed to donate 40 per cent of his liver yesterday , leading to a full recovery . the touching story began in 2009 shortly after xiao was born to parents from southern china 's hunan province with jaundice , which is common in babies , but doctors became concerned after it did not dissipate within a few weeks . soon his parents noticed that he had a strange looking bulge in his stomach , and after visits to specialist guangdong and shanghai he was diagnosed with congenital biliary atresia . the rare condition occurs where the bile ducts around the liver swell during or immediately after birth , which can cause the tissue around them to scar . while the exact cause of bilairy artesia is unknown , it is usually fatal if left untreated , and in severe cases , such as xiao 's , it may require a transplant . the initial operation took place just nine months after he was born , but complications followed and his body rejected his mother 's liver . mother yang haiying ( right ) first donated a portion of her liver to try and save her son after being found to be a match , but his body rejected it , leading to to repeated trips to hospital for the next four years . father xiao kunqing ( left ) was also found to be a match for the boy , but surgeons warned against a second operation , saying it carried far greater risks . however doctors eventually relented , and yesterday mr kunqing had 40 per cent of his liver removed and transplanted into his son . a year after the first transplant xiao suffered 200 days of high fever , and spent the next four years moving in and out of hospital . but yesterday at the hospital in tianjin city , eastern china , surgeons agreed to try a second operation after father xiao kunqing offered to donate 40 per cent of his liver . dr dong chong , head of the transplant unit in tianjin , warned the second operation would be more difficult than the first , and would carry greater risks , but the parents were determined to go ahead . the operation began at 8am on thursday april 16th , with mr kunqing moved to the recovery room at around 4pm after having his liver removed . by 7.30pm xiao zhengti’s operation was successfully completed , and he was also moved to recovery . the operation is believed to be the first ever in china where two parents have donated the same organ in order to save their child . surgeons now say that the operation , which took five hours to complete , was a complete success and they expect xiao to be home within weeks when he can begin living a normal life . medics say the operation is believe to be the first in china where two parents have donated the same organ in order to save their child . dr dong chong , head of the transplant unit in tianjin city , where the operation took place , said he expects xiao to be home in three weeks and to lead a full and active life . dr dong told reporters ' the operation was extremely successful and went according to plan . ' we used microscopes for the intricate operation which normally would have taken just 2 hours but this one took 5 . however it was very successful . ' he added that he expects xiao zhengti to make a full recovery and leave hospital in around 3 weeks to enjoy a happy and active life . 