a passenger plane trying to land at a texas airport turned back when the pilot discovered that the runway lights had been switched off . american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas-fort worth international airport to wichita falls , texas , on sunday night . the plane left nearly a half-hour late , and when it got to wichita falls , the pilot told passengers that the runway lights were turned off and there was nobody at the airport to turn them on , according to officials in the city of 100,000 people . plane : american eagle flight 2536 was scheduled to fly about 125 miles from dallas-fort worth international airport to wichita falls , texas , on sunday night ( file photo ) . wichita falls officials first said that the eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main , 13,000-foot runway . like many other small airports where control towers are not staffed around the clock , pilots in wichita falls can operate the runway lights with their radio system . but on tuesday , city aviation director john burrus said that sheppard air force base , which shares the facility , had closed the runway and turned off the lights . burrus said sheppard notified pilots of the closure . he added that the american eagle jet could have landed on an adjacent , 10,000-foot runway that was lit . a spokesman for expressjet , a regional carrier that operated the flight under contract with american airlines , said late tuesday that the airline was still trying to determine what happened . ' the pilot attempted to activate the lights , but he could n't do so , ' said jarek beem , the expressjet spokesman . he said he did n't know why the pilot did n't land on the shorter runway . ' we 're still reviewing the entire incident . ' beem said the pilot circled wichita falls for about 30 minutes before giving up and turning back to dfw . the plane , with 45 passengers , made an otherwise uneventful midnight landing at dfw after a one hour , 40-minute flight , according to tracking service flightaware.com . wichita falls officials first said that the american eagle pilot had the wrong radio frequency to turn on the lights on the main , 13,000-foot runway ( file photo ) . 