when adam lyons ' story was published last week , many were stunned by his polyamorous relationship and how he gets to share his life - and his bed - with two beautiful women . now his girlfriends brooke shedd , 26 , and jane shalakhova , 25 , have spoken out to say they are just as fortunate as the 34-year-old who hails from east london . the women say they do not ' share ' adam but are in a ' unique ' situation where they both love him - as well as each other . scroll down for video . brooke , right , and jane appeared on today 's this morning with boyfriend adam to explain how their polyamorous relationship works and makes them all happy . the trio appeared on today 's this morning to set the record straight about their relationship after it caused a stir when it hit the headlines last week . ' i do n't look at it as me sharing adam , it 's me sharing myself with adam and jane , ' brooke told intrigued presenters eamonn holmes and ruth langsford . ' it 's three people who fell for each other and into this unique situation . ' brooke has a five-year-old son , oliver , from a previous relationship and has just had another baby , danté , with adam . they will raise the boys in los angeles with russian-born jane , who joined their open relationship after the three of them hit it off so well . the trio explained their open relationship to presenters eamonn holmes and ruth langsford via a video link from their home in la . brooke , from texas , explained : ' we 're were n't looking to add a third person to our relationship when we met jane , we just enjoyed going out and meeting women . but jane fell in perfectly and it was serendipitous . ' the trio all live together and share a super king-sized bed and brooke said there 's no jealousy between them as they are all in love . jane agreed that if she ever feels jealousy , it 's never over brooke spending time with adam but because the pair are having fun without her . she explained : ' when i get jealous , it 's me jealous of missing out if i 'm at work and not physically with them , it 's my two best friends hanging out and i 'm not there . ' adam said their relationship works because all parties knew where they stood at the outset . jane and brooke say they do not ' share ' adam and are as much in love with each other as they are with him . he said : ' brooke and i knew when we first met we were open to the possibility of having other women in our relationship . ' it 's not that i have two girlfriends , it 's that there are three of us in a relationship . ' he added : ' i get to hang out with my two best friends every day . we get questioned a lot about whether we 're intimate all together . most of the time it is all three of us . we like to enjoy the benefits of our unique relationship . ' adam revealed his friends and family in the uk are astounded at how he 's transformed into a charming lady 's man - as at his east london school , he was a ' loser ' once voted the least likely to get a girlfriend . the unconventional family are raising two children - brooke and adam 's newborn , dante , and brooke 's son oliver from a previous relationship . jane is keen to have a baby with adam in the future too . but he said he gained in confidence after becoming a dating coach and learning techniques to help make himself more attractive . as a result , he says he 's not worried if his open relationship leads to brooke or jane leaving him for someone else . ' one of the cool things about the journey i have taken is i now have the confidence to meet other women if my partner moves on , so i will move on , ' he said . the trio admitted that all their families find their situation bizarre but all are supportive because they know they are so happy and in love . jane said : ' imagine you meet your soul mate , now multiply that by two ! it 's twice the love . ' following the interview eamonn joked to wife ruth that perhaps they should consider introducing a woman into their relationship - but she told him it would never happen .