obese workers are ' lazy ' and ' unable to fulfil their roles ' and as a result are less likely to be hired , a new survey has revealed . almost half of 1,000 british companies questioned said they are less inclined to recruit an applicant after interview if they are obese or overweight . among the reasons given were that overweight workers ' are unable to play a full role in the business ' , ' they 're lazy ' , and ' they would n't be able to do the job required ' , the research shows . beverley sunderland , managing director , at crosslands employment solicitors , who commissioned the research , said : ' our research shows that prejudiced attitudes towards hiring obese workers are rife among british employers . ' a survey of 1,000 british companies revealed almost half are less inclined to recruit an obese applicant , fearing ' they 're lazy ' , and ' unable to fulfil their roles as required ' , because of their weight . the findings come in the wake of a european court case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder karsten kaltoft , 50 , who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in denmark in 2010 for being too fat . in december european judges ruled that obesity qualified as a disability if it ' hinders the full and effective participation of the person ... on an equal basis with other workers ' , when doing their job . body mass index , calculated from a person 's weight and height , is accepted as a reliable indicator of obesity . according to the world health organisation , the ideal bmi for most adults is between 18.5 and 24.9 . if a person 's bmi is 25 to 29.9 , they are classed as overweight . at between 30 and 39.9 they are obese and 40 or over is very – or morbidly – obese . doctors say being overweight or obese can increase the risk of health problems , including heart disease , strokes , type 2 diabetes and some cancers . earlier this year the european court of justice 's advocate general , niilo jaaskinen , who advises the court , suggested that very severe obesity – classified as a bmi of more than 40 – could be considered a disability . but yesterday 's ruling does not state what level of obesity would be classed as ' disabled ' . it stated : ' it is for the national court to determine whether [ an individual 's ] obesity falls within the definition of ' disability ' . ' ms sunderland said following the case , ' it appears on the face of it that the odds are against you getting a job if you are overweight ' . ' but the law is on your side , as discrimination law warns against making `` stereotypical assumptions '' at every stage of the recruitment process and this applies to both existing employees , or people applying for a job , ' she added . given the ruling at the european courts of justice , employers now have to find way to accommodate obese workers who fall within this definition of ' disability ' , while larger job applicants need to ensure they are not discriminated against , ms sunderland said . critics at the time warned it could encourage the overweight to avoid slimming down in the hope of securing a payout . companies could also face millions of pounds of costs to alter offices and factories , including providing : the survey revealed 61 per cent of employers were worried about the potential costs to the business of accommodating the side effects of overweight staff . in december european judges ruled that obesity qualified as a disability , after a case brought by unions and lawyers on behalf of 25st childminder karsten kaltoft , 50 , pictured , who claimed he was sacked by his local authority in denmark in 2010 for being too fat . sixty-three per cent also cited a fear of being taken to court on grounds of discrimination , if the disability needs of obese workers were not met . just over a quarter ( 26 per cent ) said they were less inclined to hire obese people due to their lack of awareness of the laws linked to employing overweight workers . yet the lack of understanding of the law could land employers in hot water , ms sunderland warned . more than half of employers questioned were unaware that if an obese person tells an employer about their long-term conditions at interview and the company does not employ them , the applicant could try to claim disability discrimination on the basis their obesity prevented them being employed .       