technology billionaire elon musk pursued a sale of struggling electric-car company tesla to google in 2013 , according to an excerpt of a book published on monday by bloomberg news . beset by technical problems on its flagship model s , tesla in early 2013 was on the verge of bankruptcy , bloomberg reporter ashlee vance said in an excerpt of his biography elon musk : tesla , spacex and the quest for a fantastic future , which will be published may 19 . in march 2013 , musk contacted google co-founder larry page , according to the excerpt , which cited two people close to the situation . technology billionaire elon musk pursued a sale of his struggling electric-car company tesla to google for $ 6 billion before its share price rocketed in may 2013 , according to a new biography . musk proposed that google buy tesla for $ 6 billion and promise an additional $ 5 billion in factory expansions . he also demanded that he be permitted to run tesla as a unit of google for eight years , or until tesla produced a third-generation car , the excerpt said . page declined to comment on the matter , but told vance that a ' car company is pretty far from what google knows . ' but page , vance reported , ' accepted the overall proposal ' and the two sides began negotiating specific points . tesla 's fortunes changed suddenly in may 2013 when the company reported its first profit after an intense drive overseen by musk to address technical glitches yielded a sudden jump in model s orders . the surprisingly good earnings sent tesla shares rocketing higher and ended the google negotiations . musk ' no longer needed a savior , ' vance wrote . tesla 's fortunes changed suddenly in may 2013 when the company reported its first profit after an intense drive overseen by musk to address technical glitches yielded a sudden jump in model s orders . last year , tesla was at the center of rumors that apple was considering an acquisition of the company . google , which has pursued technology for a self-driving car , earlier this year , along with investment giant fidelity , pumped $ 1 billion into spacex , musk 's private space-travel technology venture .