newcastle owner mike ashley has been warned he risks creating a lost generation of supporters if he fails to invest in the club . thousands of fans stayed away from sunday 's barclays premier league defeat by tottenham at st james ' park in protest at the way the sportswear tycoon is running the club , with the official attendance of 47,427 - the capacity of the stadium is in excess of 52,000 - understood to include many season ticket holders who did not attend . protesters are calling for a repeat when swansea head for tyneside on saturday , but mark jensen , editor of online fanzine www.themag.co.uk , fears longer-term consequences . newcastle owner mike ashley has been urged to invest in the club or risk losing a generation of fans . newcastle fans hold up ' ashley out ' banners , mocked in the style of his sports direct chain of stores . thousands of newcastle fans boycotted the club 's last game , a 3-1 defeat at home to spurs on sunday . jensen , who himself stayed away from sunday 's game , said : ' i feel sorry for young people , what they are watching now and this lack of ambition . at least when i was young , the team might have been rubbish and we were going nowhere , but it was exciting to be on the terraces . ' there was so much more wrapped up in it , whereas now if the football is rubbish , i 'm not quite sure what the lure is . ' that 's a long-term danger . whether mike ashley is here in the future or not , there 's a danger that you are turning all these people off newcastle united and going to the match , especially with the rival attraction of being able to watch it in your local pub . ' unofficial estimates have put the actual attendance for the 3-1 defeat by spurs at significantly lower than 47,000 , although some have seemed wildly optimistic . however , there is little doubt that those who answered calls for a boycott made an impact . jensen said : ' i thought it was a massive success . comparing it with the walk-out at the end of last season , basically it 's always going to be symbolic . ' it 's not going to bring mike ashley to his knees , but to have thousands and thousands of people , or whatever figure you want to put on it , who have already paid for something not going to the match ... ' imagine thousands of people going to tesco or sainsbury 's and buying £30 worth of shopping and saying , ' hang on a second , i 'm not happy , you can have your shopping back ' . it 's a massive statement . ' last week 's revelation that the club banked in excess of £34million as well as recording a profit of £18.7million for the last financial year has simply served to increase anger among fans , who have seen a squad assembled on a budget struggle to compete during the second half of the current campaign , and not for the first time in recent years . tottenham striker harry kane nets his 20th league goal of the season to round off a 3-1 win over newcastle . a fan holds up a sign protesting against ashley 's ownership as newcastle slump to a sixth straight defeat . newcastle midfielder remy cabella ( left ) jostles for possession with tottenham 's paulinho ( right ) on sunday . they have not been placated by head coach john carver 's insistence that there will be investment during the summer , and an increasingly vocal lobby are demanding that ashley sells up . jensen said : ' when you see the benefits that he 's getting , as well as now profits in each of the last four years and the way that the tv income is going , to those people who say , ' why is n't there a buyer ? there is n't one ' - why would n't there be a buyer ? ' the climate of premier league football has totally changed due to these tv deals , and so if you have got a sustainable premier league club , especially one with the third biggest attendances , at the right price - and with a willing seller - there is definitely a buyer out there . ' in the meantime , carver faces the task of attempting to end a run of six successive league defeats , which has left the club just seven points clear of the drop zone , against the swans . he said : ' i think there 's enough experience to deal with it , yes . but we have got to stop losing players , though , sendings-off , injury ... ' newcastle fans point towards the club 's rude financial health amid poor performances on the pitch .