when it comes to playing tricks on people , especially parents it 's important to know when to stop . however , this did not appear to cross the mind of teenager lily sharp , who lives in the uk , when she decided to prank her own mother . rather than put a whoopie cushion on her chair or balance flower on top of a door , lily decided to amuse herself by faking her own kidnapping- any parents worse fear . as mean-spirited as the joke appeared , lily certainly took the steps in order to make the prank as convincing as possible . scroll down for video . lily sharp perhaps took a joke too far after convincing her own mother she had been kidnapped . she began by texting her mother a seemingly innocent message : ' you did n't tell me the decorator man was coming mate ! ' before adding in a quick reference from the famous liam neeson kidnapping film taken . she continued : ' i thought i was guna get taken man . thought he was tryna trick me into getting into the house ' ( sic ) before adding , ' not happy young lady . ' lily began her prank by convincing her mother that she had allowed a stranger to enter their home . she then took the prank a step further by pretending to her panicked mum that the intruder had her phone , informing her mother that the kidnapper would require £4000 for her return . her suspicious mother replies immediately with : ' whaaaat ? what decorator ? ! ? ! ! call me . there is no decorator . ' lily then plays on her mother 's fears by pretending that the intruder now has possession of the phone simply replying : ' she knows that now . ' at this point lily 's mother is completely fooled and has become more frantic insisting that her daughter calls her immediately . ' who knows it ! ! call me please ' she replies before adding , ' now ' . after her mother reveals that she is sending the police round lily reveals that it was all a trick . she convinces her mother by sending a picture of herself , her mother does not find it amusing . at this point many would have called their panicking parent however lily decides to take it up a notch . ' my name is victor ' she replies before demanding a ransom ' i have your child . i want £4000 to get her back . ' lily 's mother tries to keep calm texting back : ' sending a neighbour round now ' . but lily simply insights more panic in her mother when she replies : ' good luck with that . i 've already gone . she 's with me . ' at this point lily 's mother informs who she believes to be the intruder that she has called the police : ' ok well police will be . ' lily attempts one more cheeky text as the intruder with ' she says hello ' before revealing that it was all a trick . she then reassures her mum by sending a picture of herself perched on their sofa . predictably the mother does not take this well ending the conversation by swearing at her daughter . although her mother may not have found the joke funny , after posting a photo of the messages on twitter , lily received 18,000 retweets and 25,000 favourites .