rain , wind and a bone-chilling cold confronted all the runners of monday 's boston marathon . but after 20 grueling hours on the course , maickel melamed overcame another obstacle - a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard for him to just walk or move - to finally cross the finish line . melamed , 39 , may have come in last place in the 26.2-mile race , but his story touched a city now famous for its own iron-clad will after the boston marathon bombings in 2013 . scroll down for video . maickel melamed , 39 , crossed the boston marathon finish line after 20 grueling hours in the rain and cold . melamed has a rare form of muscular dystrophy that makes it hard just to move or walk , but he did n't let that stop him from finishing his fifth marathon at 5am tuesday morning . ' after 20 hours of rain , wind and cold , boston is still strong , ' the venezuelan athlete said on tuesday as he was honored at city hall . ' the whole city has been so helpful and loving . the message here is that love is so much stronger than death . it was an honor to run the streets of this city . ' melamed walked the race with vamos , a volunteer team from caracas , as well as his physical trainers and dozens of friends and supporters who were there to watch him finish the race at 5am tuesday morning . the athlete , who has completed four other marathons , said boston 's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24 , but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going . ' i 'd rest 10 seconds , then take four to six steps , ' melamed said . ' it was a real exciting way to finish . ' when melamed needed to rest , collapsing into his group 's arms , they would push him back up and count his every step , according to cbs boston . the athlete , who has completed four other marathons , said boston 's hilly track became especially tough around mile 24 , but his physical trainers found a way to keep him going . boston mayor marty walsh presented a medal to melamed and called his story ' truly one of inspiration ' . and as the inspirational athlete inched closer and closer to the finish line , his supporters were cheering him on and yelling ' si se puede , si se puede ! ' , which is spanish for ' yes , we can ! ' it was melamed 's desire to prove to others that they could achieve their dreams that kept him going . ' you have to know why you 're doing it , because in the last mile , the marathon will ask you if you have a reason , and if you do n't have it , you will quit , ' he told masslive.com . ' raise the bar of your own expectations for yourself . human power is infinite . ' there was a special reason why melamed , who has completed races in chicago , new york , berlin and tokyo , decided boston would be the location of his last marathon . it was at boston children 's hospital that melamed , who was only given seven days to live when he was born , had a life-saving operation . now the athlete , who has also parachuted , paraglided and climbed venezuela 's highest mountain , must retire his running shoes because of the races ' physical toll . but his story , which boston mayor marty walsh called ' truly one of inspiration , ' will continue racing on .