the family of a murdered mother have spoken of their fury after it was revealed that she tried to call 999 hours before she was killed but call handlers failed to alert police . karen catherall , 45 , was viciously beaten and strangled to death by darren jeffreys , who she met only weeks earlier on dating site plenty of fish . the pair had been drinking at the pub before she returned to her home in gwernaffield near mold , flintshire , north wales , when jeffreys , 47 , followed and attacked in an alcohol-fuelled rage . scroll down for video . karen catherall , 45 , ( right ) was brutally murdered by darren jefferys ( left ) who she met on a dating site just weeks before her death . he was jailed for a minimum of 17 and a half years in february . he only called paramedics the following morning and claimed he thought ms catherall was sleeping , but later admitted murder and was jailed for life in february . police have since told the family that the mother-of-two made a 999 call from her mobile just after she returned from the pub , which went through to bt to deal with . operators at the telecommunications company connects both mobile and landline numbers with the requested emergency service and follow strict protocol . but when ms catherall called on september 13 , last year , the call handler said they could not hear anything and therefore did not connect the call to the police or send help . her mother , glenys keir , 74 , and sister lorraine humphreys , 49 , have slammed bt for not taking action at the time which they claim could have saved their sister . however , bt says its handlers acted appropriately and in line with police guidance not to pass on calls where there is ' nothing to indicate there is any problem ' . mrs keir said : ' when we found out karen had been murdered our whole world fell apart . ' but as we were starting to come to terms with it all , to then hear that a 999 call had been made from her mobile the night she died , it stirred up all of those emotions we had felt when we first found out karen had been killed . her family ( mother , glenys keir , left , and sister , lorraine humphreys , right ) were told by police that she had tried to make a 999 call just hours before her murder but the call was ended when operated got no response . ms catherall ( left ) had been drinking in the pub with jeffreys ( right ) when he followed her home on september 13 , last year . he did n't call paramedics until the following morning , claiming he thought she was asleep . ' it left us feeling sick to the stomach , devastated and fuming , knowing no one was there for karen when she needed help . ' if they had got to her in time karen might still be alive . she could have been here today . now we 'll always wonder if that may have been possible . ' police confirmed a 999 call was made from her mobile phone to bt at around 7pm but it was disconnected after around 13 seconds and officers were not informed . glenys kier and her partner esmor evans leaving mold crown court following the trial of their daughter 's killer , darren jeffreys . the phone call was later enhanced by detectives , who discovered arguing could be heard in the background . ms catherall 's family are calling on bt to review their procedures , and answer questions about the call . mrs keir said : ' apparently the person who picked up believed there was silence at the end of the line . they must have assumed 999 had been dialled accidentally . ' it does n't bear thinking about what might have happened if bt had connected the call to the police . ' ms catherall 's sister , mrs humphreys , a catering supervisor , added : ' you regularly hear of toddlers playing with their mum 's mobile phone and ringing the emergency services by mistake . ' in those instances , the police often seem to trace the call and turn up on the doorstep . ' we want to know why that did n't happen when in this situation karen so desperately needed their help . ' we know the police are n't to blame as they never received the call , but bt should be looking into this and reviewing their policies . ' the call might have been muffled or quiet at the other end of the line , but surely it 's better to put it through to the police so they can send an officer and be safe rather than sorry . ' who knows what the outcome might have been if they had reached her in time ? we do n't want any other families to lose a loved one and go through the pain we have . ' a bt spokesman said : ' north wales police contacted bt on september 24 , 2014 about whether we received an emergency call from a mobile phone number and we provided them with full details including a call recording . ' our records show that we received the call at approximately 19.07 on september 13 , 2014 . ' there was no response to our operator 's questioning and our operator heard nothing to indicate there was any problem before the caller ended the call after about 13 seconds . ' police forces have requested that we do not connect such calls to them and our operator correctly followed the call handling process requested by the police . ' ms catherall 's family ( pictured outside court ) are calling on bt to review their procedures following the call . the 999 emergency number was set up in london in june 1937 after five women were killed in a fire . a committee discussed how telephone operators could identify emergency calls and the easy to remember 999 number was born . it was later rolled out in glasgow and extended to all major towns and cities by 1948 . since then it has expanded massively with an average of 597,000 calls a week across the uk . bt operators answer the initial call from both landlines and mobiles and find out which emergency service is required before connecting the caller . the handler has to quickly establish whether the call is genuine before transferring them . in instances where they are met with silence they ask the caller to respond by either making a noise or coughing . this can narrow down the number of accidental or prank calls made , which account for about half of the 31 million calls made annually . of the remaining 15.5million , 52 per cent go to police , 41 per cent to ambulance service , six per cent for fire and one per cent to the coastguard and cave and mountain rescue services . the spokesman also explained that in cases where they get no response from the caller , the operator will ask whether they can make a noise or cough . in this instance ms catherall apparently made no response and the phone call was terminated . detective inspector mark hughes , senior investigating officer at north wales police , confirmed the call . he said : ' during the early evening of september 13 , 2014 , a 999 call was made from the mobile phone of karen catherall . ' the phone call was received by the telephone company operator and managed in accordance with their policy but not directed onto north wales police , nor in fact any police force . ' i understand the circumstances surrounding the management of this phone call are now being reviewed by the telephone company following a request by karen 's family . ' it was not until the early hours of the following morning , at 2.35am , that jeffeys called emergency services , claiming that he thought she was sleeping off the alcohol and he was unable to wake her . but paramedics who arrived at the house found she had been dead for some time and there was also evidence he had tried to cover up the killing , mold crown court was told . a post mortem examination revealed that her cause of death had been blunt force trauma to the head and asphyxiation . jeffreys had denied killing his girlfriend when interviewed by police , but in december last year admitted the murder . mr justice wyn williams , hearing the case , said jeffreys subjected ms catherall ' to a ferocious , sustained and in the end deadly attack ' . he was sentenced to a minimum of 17 and a half years in prison .