joanna goodall ( pictured outside court ) stole £19,000 from the premier inn hotel where she worked as a receptionist . a receptionist who stole £19,000 from the hotel she worked at has been told to pay back just £1 . joanna goodall forged signatures of customers and colleagues for cash refunds at a premier inn in newcastle and took the money for herself . bosses noticed the high level of refunds and cctv showed goodall taking money from the till . the 30-year-old mother , who is pregnant , admitted the thefts between march 2013 and february 2014 at newcastle crown court . goodall , of lemington in newcastle , was given a nine-month suspended sentence but ordered to pay back just £1 under the proceeds of crime act as she has no assets . mr recorder wheeler told her : ' you have a number of personal issues , family issues and health issues . ' you were subject to a lot of stress as a result of other people leaning on you for support and trying to balance your life and keep everyone happy . the way you chose to do that ultimately was to steal from your employer . ' prosecutors had initially accused her of stealing £35,000 , but accepted her guilty plea on the basis of the amount being around £19,000 . jonathan devlin , prosecuting , said : ' this defendant was identified as creating false cash refunds . ' she had used cash refund receipts with forged signatures from customers and other members of staff involved in such refunds . ' she submitted them and took appropriate amounts of cash from the till . ' all available cctv was viewed and she was seen on a number of occasions processing refunds with no customers present , taking money from the till and either putting it in her pocket or handbag . ' mr devlin said : ' she was arrested by the police and accepted the theft of significant sums of money . ' she said no other employees were involved nor did they know what she was doing . ' the defendant said she knew there was no way it could have been repaid because of the way she disguised it . ' donald macfaul , defending , said goodall had worked for the company for seven years . he added : ' things went awry in her life . in addition to emotional pressure , financial strain arose and she fell into temptation . ' she realised early on she would be found out but could n't see a way to break the cycle . she still has outstanding debts . ' goodall was given a nine-month suspended sentence after admitting to stealing from the premier inn in newcaste ( pictured ) and ordered to pay back just £1 as she has no assets . 