firefighters were forced to chisel through a brick wall to free a pet cat who became stuck upside down in between a tiny gap in two garages . grey and white cat marv somehow managed to get wedged in a five inch gap in between owner brendon veale 's garage and his neighbours in hanham , bristol and was left dangling for two hours . the rspca were called and they too were unable to coax the pet from the gap and eventually firefighters had to tunnel through a garage wall with a chisel to get him free . scroll down for video . grey and white cat marv was left hanging for upside for over two hours and the rspca were unable to coax him out . marv was shaken by his ordeal but uninjured and was eventually reunited with mr veale 's two daughters tilly and bella . the rescue unfolded last wednesday when a neighbour heard miaowing coming from the side of his garage . rspca animal welfare officer simon coombs tried to free the puss , but he was so tightly wedged in that he could n't move him , and called avon fire and rescue service . firefighters spent half an hour chiselling a breezeblock free from the neighbour 's wall , revealing marv 's tail and back legs so mr coombs could pull him out backwards . firefighters were then called and they were forced to chisel through the wall in order to free marv , who was stuck . after creating a hole in the wall , marv 's tail and back legs were revealed and an rspca officer pulled him free . marv the cat became stuck in a small gap in between two garages next to his owner 's house in hanham , bristol . he said : ' we do n't know how marv got into the space , it may be that he fell into the gap and struggled to get free only to get himself well and truly stuck . ' as usual , we are immensely grateful to the fire and rescue service for their help , not to mention grateful to the neighbour , whose garage wall came off the worst in this incident ! ' it was great to see marv reunited with his family after this real team effort to free him . ' while owner mr veale , a mortgage broker , added : ' my neighbour came round to tell me he thought the cat was stuck . ' he was crying out quite a bit and he was too far stuck down to get out , and also upside down , so he could n't hold on to anything . he was eventually reunited with his owner 's daughters tilly and bella and luckily he was uninjured . the two garages on the street in bristol , pictured , where marv somehow became stuck for two hours while dangling upside down . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . play video . ' when they broke through he did n't have much choice in the matter , and he did cry a bit , but he was reasonably calm and was just stressed out for a few days . ' the girls were very upset - he 's their cat really - but they did a really good job of trying to keep him calm . ' my neighbour was really good about it too . i 'm in the process of trying to fix the hole in his garage . ' ' marv does like to get into things , but this is definitely the smallest space he 's managed to squeeze into . he was a little shaken after his ordeal and stayed inside for a day or two , but he was otherwise unharmed . 