a man defended his home from four armed burglars by hacking pieces out of them with a samurai sword . dias costa , 49 , slashed the face , arms , and necks of the raiders , who fled the property in a getaway car while dripping with blood . the burglary took place late at night in the cerro norte neighbourhood of cordoba , in central argentina - and all of the men are currently in intensive care . painful deterrent : the disastrous burglary attempt took place in the cerro norte neighbourhood of cordoba , in central argentina - and all of the men are currently in intensive care . mr costa , 49 , and his wife christina , 48 , were asleep when the men , who were armed with two pistols , broke in at around 3.30am . police commissioner mariano zarate said : ' in a moment when the attackers were not paying attention , the house owner took a samurai sword and defended himself , injuring the attackers and making them run away . ' in the panic , the thieves only managed to steal the equivalent of £278 and fled in a peugeot 206 car which was parked outside . bleeding heavily , the driver lost control of the vehicle and hit a stationary car forcing all four to go to hospital for emergency treatment . police initially arrested two men and one woman , but another man who hid was forced to come back to hospital the next day due to serious sword injuries . the costa family have moved in with relatives as they fear they might be targeted in revenge attacks . prosecutor jorgelina guties said : ' we could not yet question the victim of the burglary as he is still in a state of shock ' . bleeding heavily : one of the burglars sits in the back of a police vehicle badly injured after being attacked with the samurai sword . in a bad way : a burglar whose face was slashed by the sword sits in the back of a police vehicle before later being treated in hospital . stitched up : the man has been left with a huge scar from where surgeons stitched his face back together . covered in blood : in the panic , the thieves only managed to steal the equivalent of £278 and fled in a peugeot 206 car which was parked outside . crashed getaway car : bleeding heavily , the driver lost control of the vehicle and hit a stationery car . 