sam gallagher put an injury-hit season behind him by inspiring southampton to under-21 premier league cup glory , netting an exceptional goal which he hopes caught ronald koeman 's eye . last season surpassed all expectations for the teenage striker as he became a regular under mauricio pochettino , making 20 first-team appearances as back-up to rickie lambert . things have gone awry this season , though , with injury stunting the 19-year-old 's progress . sam gallagher scored the winner as southampton u21s beat blackburn rovers 2-1 on monday . ronald koeman was in the crowd and gallagher says he hopes he impressed him . gallagher has not even been named in the matchday squad since the arrival of koeman , although he gave the saints boss a nudge in some style on tuesday evening . the england under-20s international 's wonderful strike secured the 10 men of southampton a 2-1 extra-time win over blackburn in the under-21 premier league cup final at st mary 's , where the first-team manager was amongst the 12,356 crowd . ' it was unbelievable , that 's all i can really think to say , ' gallagher said , smiling . ' i was always thinking throughout the game it would be nice to get one and to get in the way i did was quite special to me . ' i 've had a long injury which has put me back quite a bit this season . it sort of feels like it has just started , but it 's almost coming to an end . ' i have always had my focus on the under-21s when i got back fit and i am just looking forward . ' we 've got the league to come now , so hopefully we can do well in that and crack on . ' southampton celebrate after winning the under 21 premier league cup final second leg . sam gallagher , pictured against arsenal in january 2014 , enjoyed a breakthrough campaign last season . gallagher is hoping to help saints end the barclays under-21 premier league strongly , although his performance in front of the on-watching koeman only strengthens his case for a first-team place . ' well i know they sort of watch all the under-21 games , ' gallagher said . ' you always know you 've got to impress and do what you can to get in the first team . ' hopefully he ( koeman ) enjoyed that one . ' harrison read lifts the trophy alongside his young southampton team-mates at st mary 's .