by the time bobby zamora caressed the ball with sublime precision on the gallop to lob boaz myhill from the edge of his area , the impression was firm that even the highly improbable can happen . this was quite likely the finest goal of zamora’s long career , a strike of rare quality that never looked on seconds before the ball was in the back of the net . chris ramsey will hope queens park rangers’ season can follow a similarly implausible trajectory . written off by many , this victory , only a second on the road all season , claws qpr closer to safety . bobby zamora ( left ) scored qpr 's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against west brom at the hawthorns . charlie austin ( right ) headed qpr 's second goal of the game for his team on the 35th minute . the qpr players went 2-0 up thanks to austin and ended up going in 3-0 ahead at half-time . eduardo vargas ( left ) wheels away to celebrate firing qpr into the lead against west brom with a 25-yard strike .  west bromwich albion : myhill 5 ; baird 5 ( olsson 65’ 4 ) , mcauley 4 , lescott 4 , brunt 5 ; gardner 5.5 ( mulumbu 72’ 2 ) , morrison 5 , fletcher 6.5 , sessegnon 3 ( anichebe 46’ 7 ) ; berahino 6 , ideye 6 . booked : sessegnon , brunt . sent off : mulumbu . subs not used : rose , wisdom , yacob , pocognoli . goals : anichebe , 58 . manager : tony pulis 6 . queens park rangers : green 6.5 ; isla 6.5 , onouha 6.5 , caulker 6.5 , yun 6.5 ( hill 82’ ) ; phillips 7.5 , sandro 7 , barton 8 , vargas 6.5 ( kranjcar 30’ 6.5 ) ; zamora 7.5 ( henry 75’ 5 ) , austin 7.5 . booked : caulker , barton , henry . subs not used : mccarthy , sutherland , hoilett , doughty . manager : chris ramsey 8 . mom : barton . referee : lee probert 7 . att : 25,735 .   sportsmail 's match zone shows where bobby zamora struck qpr 's third goal . joey barton’s name was sung loud by travelling fans at the final whistle , in recognition of a fine display capped by a goal in added time to give this win an emphatic scoreline . he drove onto a lose ball in the west bromwich albion box and lashed home with the ferocity of someone determined not to go down with a whimper . earlier , in the 84th minute , he received a forearm in the face from substitute youssouf mulumbu that saw referee lee probert produce a red card . was mulumbu’s act in retribution for barton’s claims albion players had ‘s***’ themselves when leading 2-0 at loftus road in december to lose 3-2 ? only he will know . what is without question is that ramsey’s team are fighting for their lives . five successive defeats preceded this game , but three points paints fresh gloss on their survival hopes . for tony pulis , this was a bad day . his talks with chairman jeremy peace once safety is assured will have to wait . victor anichebe ( left ) headed in a consolation goal for west brom in the 58th after coming off the bench . joey barton ( centre ) added a fourth for qpr in the final minutes of the game against west brom . qpr captain barton celebrates his goal , his team 's fourth , in the game against west brom . youssouff mulumbu was shown a red card for clattering into joey barton , shortly before he scored for his side . barton ( left ) lies on the ground holding his head after the foul that saw mulumbu dismissed from the pitch . albion had the first clear opening in the 14th minute . darren fletcher swung over a deep cross to find brown ideye , but the nigeria striker directed his header above the bar . moments later , the visitors were ahead in stunning fashion . a long ball by robert green was helped on by zamora and nodded into the path of vargas by austin . the chilean cut across two west brom defenders and let fly a cracking shot the other direction , utterly defeating myhill from 25 yards . ‘ how s*** must you be , we’re winning away , ’ sang the travelling hoard . the hosts responded , with a cross by chris baird sent trickling wide by ideye four yards out . soon after vargas went down clutching his knee with nobody near him . baird continued play to the fury of sandro , who rushed over once the ball had gone dead to remonstrate in rather close proximity to the albion defender . vargas tried to continue but hobbled off minutes later , bringing the introduction of niko kranjcar . the croatian delivered a telling contribution in the 37th minute , flicking on a corner by matt phillips to find austin unmarked at the far post . the qpr striker applied the finishing touch as expected to take his premier league tally to 16 , his fourth against west brom following a hat-trick in the fixture at loftus road . two minutes before the interval , zamora provided that moment to take the breath . phillips played the ball to the forward but danger seemed distant by the corner of the area . instead zamora glanced a shot with the outside of his left boot to send the ball soaring high before dropping into the corner of the net . it was joyous . qpr had done enough . green ( left ) makes a save as west brom increased the pressure on qpr after scoring through anichebe . zamora ( left ) is mobbed by his team-mates after his astonishing strike put them 3-0 up at half time . vargas ( centre ) celebrates with his qpr team-mates after opening the scoring in the 15th minute against west brom . sandro ( right ) makes a sliding challenge against west brom striker saido berahino . green ( centre ) makes a save for qpr as berahino closes in on goal in the game at the hawthorns . pulis , no doubt furious with his team’s defending , introduced victor anichebe at half-time and his big frame had a sizeable effect . in the 55th minute presented a very appealing chance for craig gardner but only a tame shot followed . three minutes later anichebe had a goal for himself . saido berahino latched onto chris brunt’s long pass and dug out a cross that anichebe reached ahead of steven caulker to steer into the far corner . pulis replaced chris baird with jonas olsson and changed to a 3-4-3 formation , instigating an albion surge . robert green punched clear a deflected shot by ideye . berahino ten scuffed an excellent chance from four yards and ideye headed another over . green , the qpr goalkeeper , celebrates his team 's opening goal from vargas . barton ( centre ) has his shirt pulled by craig gardner of west brom in the premier league game . west brom captain darren fletcher ( centre ) contests a header with qpr 's sandro . anichebe 's attacking threat is stifled by yook suk-young ( left ) and barton ( right ) of qpr . niko kranjcar ( left ) of qpr and james morrison ( right ) of west brom battle for the ball in the premier league encounter . brown ideye ( left ) challenges for the ball against barton ( lower ) steven caulker of queens park rangers . the victory is only the second for queens park rangers manager chris ramsey but boosts their survival hope . 