burnley boss sean dyche insists his team will not resort to diving and cheating in their battle against relegation . dyche says he has been shocked by the amount of simulation he has witnessed during burnley 's first season back in the barclays premier league . he claims another manager has urged him to ' move with the times ' and instruct his players to seek out decisions . sean dyche is insistent that his burnley players wo n't ever dive or cheat to prosper under him . but while dyche accepts his players are naive on such matters , he insists that is the way he likes it and will not be asking them to follow suit , regardless of their situation . burnley are second from bottom with just six games remaining but are only two points from a safe position and have earned many plaudits for their battling displays . dyche said : ' there is a certain way of playing . i believe the team play in the correct manner . there 's been minimal , if any , simulation from our players . i see it constantly in this league , more so than i ever thought i would . the clarets have established themselves as one of the hardest working teams in the premier league . ' at this level we have been naive at times , in the right way . i think that 's sad that players just ca n't go out and play and get decisions that they should get . ' one prominent manager i am not going to name said to me , ' you are being naive , you should get your players to move with the times ' . it 's not my belief . you should play the game properly . ' if someone touches you in the box and you go down , that 's always been there - that 's not cheating , that 's just gamesmanship . that 's part of the game . there is a difference . ' i 'm on about absolute simulation where there is no contact and people go to the floor . ' with relegation a real possibility , burnley are fighting for their lives at the bottom of the division . dyche feels while football gets into a moral tangle over certain high-profile , one-off incidents , this issue of repeated cheating is all too often overlooked . in terms of policing it , he sympathises with referees and wants the system of retrospective punishment extended to cover blatant acts of simulation . he said : ' it would evaporate out of the game within two , three or four weeks because managers who have some amazing players will say , ' we ca n't be losing you for three games ' . ' i 'd like to know the reason it has n't been brought in , and if it is getting really looked at in depth . dyche was told by another manager to ' get with the times ' and that his team was too naive . ' it 's only because i think morally we talk to our kids about fairness and playing the right way , and yet , in one of the most powerful leagues in the world , there are people dropping everywhere . ' weirdly , you 'll open a debate about raheem sterling , put him all over the papers saying he 's doing this , that and the other , but yet something that is there for all to see all of the time every week , is sort of accepted . strange is n't it ? ' if that was my centre-half and someone is through and he pulls the shirt , he gets banned . it 's cheating . it 's the same difference is n't it ? '