eye of the beholder . by laura j snyder . ( head of zeus , £25 ) . the behaviour of dutch natural scientist antoni van leeuwenhoek was nothing if not eccentric . in 1677 , at the age of 41 , he embarked on an extraordinarily gruesome experiment , using his body as a guinea pig . antoni van leeuwenhoek ( pictured in a portrait ) used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment . he took three lice , nestled them among the hairs of his calf , rolled up a tight stocking so that the insects were bound to his leg and then left the stocking on and did not bathe for six days . on the seventh day , he removed the stocking and counted more than 80 eggs but no young lice . in the interests of empiricism , the stocking went back on for another three days . finally , the stocking came off to reveal at least 25 lice running up and down his leg . ‘ this spectacle of all the young lice filled me with such aversion to the stocking , ’ he wrote , ‘ that i threw it , along with all the lice in it , out the window . ’ he rubbed down his legs with ice , then took up his pen to calculate the louse’s reproduction rate . he estimated that two pairs of lice could generate 10,000 young in only eight weeks . while leeuwenhoeck was thus engaged , another great dutchman , johannes vermeer , was intent on his own more genteel studies in his house on the opposite side of delft’s market square . draped in a black cloth , vermeer spent hours peering into the box-like interior of a camera obscura , an ancestor of the photographic camera . this was a light-tight wooden chamber with a hole or lens on one side , which could be used to project an image of a scene on to a glass plate or wall . they had been used for party tricks and for viewing solar eclipses but were increasingly being employed by artists to render paintings more lifelike than ever . the experiments of these two men are the subject of laura j. snyder’s new biography . she asks an intriguing question : could vermeer and leeuwenhoek , who were born in the same week , lived and worked their entire lives in an area not much larger than a football pitch , and who had friends in common , have exchanged ideas and inspired each other’s work ? this is much more than a joint biography . it is a portrait of an age of insatiable intellectual curiosity . the 17th century gave us an inventory of instruments which far extended man’s understanding of the world : accurate thermometers and barometers , the air pump , the pendulum clock , improvements to the telescope , the refinement of the microscope . leeuwenhoek’s mastery of lens-grinding saw him build a microscope capable of magnification up to 480 times . scientists and dilettanti assembled cabinets of curiosity filled with rare animal and shell specimens . leeuwenhoek’s collection included the eye of a whale , pickled in brandy . anatomical theatres for the dissection of bodies were built in padua , bologna , leiden , delft and amsterdam . according to one chronicler , sumptuously dressed ladies would attend dissections of the bodies of executed criminals and then go straight to that night’s ball . snyder moves effortlessly not just between vermeer’s studio and leeuwenhoek’s laboratory , but all over europe , from the universities of italy , to the halls of the royal society in london , then the world’s pre-eminent scientific institution . leeuwenhoeck wrote about 300 letters to the royal society , charting 50 years of experiments . he addressed them as ‘ curious gentlemen dabblers’ . one of his great discoveries was the observation of thousands of swimming creatures , which he called animaculae or little animals , in murky water . he estimated there could be more than eight million of them in a single drop . later generations would recognise them as bacteria . he was also the first scientist to observe the existence and movement of sperm . no one had yet seen the human sperm or the egg or understood their part in reproduction . leeuwenhoek politely wrote to the president of the royal society : ‘ what i investigate is only what , without sinfully defiling myself , remains as a residue of conjugal coitus . ’ one feels a certain amount of sympathy for his wife , cornelia . what with the lice and the post-conjugal microscope experiments , she must have been a very patient woman . the great pleasure of this book is how snyder makes the science clear to the layman . i have a degree in history of art and only one measly science gcse in biology . yet i was left more eager to peer down the lens at one of leeuwenhoek’s slides , than to stand before even the most pellucid of vermeer’s exquisite paintings . 