roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas over his future at the end of the season as he stated his ambition to keep aaron lennon . mirallas was one of everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign but his form has tailed off following a number of hamstring injuries and he has wanted by tottenham during the january transfer window . it was mooted at one point that mirallas and lennon could be part of a swap deal but lennon arrived at goodison park on loan and has made a big impression on his manager ; it would cost £6million to make his signing permanent when the window re-opens . roberto martinez will hold talks with kevin mirallas and admits he wants to keep loanee aaron lenon . mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the champions league and martinez , whose side face swansea on saturday , will speak to him after the final game about what his intentions are moving forward . ‘ every player needs to be pleased and happy with that , so in the summer we 'll sit down and assess what has been , ’ said martinez . ‘ for that reason the next seven games are vital and will give you a much clearer picture of what you do in the summer . belgian attacker mirallas was one of everton’s top performers in the first half of the campaign . ‘ i know there have been a couple of times he 's had quotes translated from interviews . i do n't think anything he has said is disrespectful or out of the norm . the way i see it he 's one of those players who loves playing football and he has n't got any other motivation . ‘ he still has a two year contract . if he were out of contract , i would be worried , but all i want is for him to be fully recovered . ’ mirallas has made no secret of his ambition to play in the champions league . lennon has caught the eye in recent weeks and martinez wants him to maintain his impressive form all the way through until the end of may . ‘he’s been a really impressive footballer , ’ said martinez . ‘ the way he’s engaged with the other players has been quite impressive . i think he’s brought know-how and experience but also that freshness of wanting to show what he can do . ‘ the next seven games will be very important to see if he can carry on enjoying his football and then like any loan situation it’s a three way conversation that , first of all , the player needs to see that experience as a positive one and then we’ll see what the parent club wants to do . ‘ but it’s not a decision we need to make now . the next seven games is an eternity in football . ’ lennon is all smiles as everton train ahead of their weekend fixture against swansea city . lennon is challenged victor wanyama during the premier league match between everton and southampton .