parents need to keep their distance and trust schools and teachers instead of being ' dervishes ready to battle with anyone and anything on behalf of their child ' , a leading head teacher has said . peter tait , the headmaster of sherborne preparatory school in dorset , claimed parents have become 'dervishes' about their children 's education and should take a back seat to allow them to develop naturally . writing in attain , the magazine for the independent association of prep schools , mr tait said the modern trend of interfering stemmed from parents being bombarded with information about how to raise a child . parents need to keep their distance and use their intuition to trust schools and teachers , a leading head teacher has claimed . stock image used . mr tait warned that while parents naturally wanted the very best for their children , such interference could end up hindering their natural development , the daily telegraph reported . he said : ' what has made some parents put their own child at the centre of the universe and to hell with the rest ? ' adding that parents must trust those responsible for their children 's education , he added : ' to do this requires a certain detachment , a willingness to trust the passage of time , focusing on whether their children are happy , challenged and purposeful and are learning the right values . ' sherborne , which was founded in 1550 by edward vi in the dorset village of the same name , has educated prominent churchmen and army generals , as well as famous figures such as codebreaker alan turing and downton abbey actor hugh bonneville and coldplay singer chris martin . the school has enjoyed strong academic performance recently . on a-level results day it was announced that 40 per cent of all grades were a*s or as , with six boys meeting offers to study at oxford or cambridge . the phenomenon of parents placing their children before any others and pushes their children to high levels of achievement through a range of after-school activities has been termed tiger parenting . last year , gail larkin , the president of the national association of head teachers , also attacked parents saying that some children were being forced to sit through hours of unnecessary tuition by pushy parents competing with one another . she added that instead of two or three hours spent in more classes after school , children would benefit from joining a swimming club , taking up ballet , or playing in the park instead . mr tait is headmaster of sherborne preparatory school ( pictured ) in dorset , who has been writing in attain magazine . she also took a swipe at parents , saying part of the drive for extra tuition was down to adults being unwilling to help their children with homework . meanwhile a survey , by teachers ' union nasuwt , revealed a disturbing picture of how parents are increasingly using facebook and twitter to intimidate staff . it showed families are using social media to post obscenities , threats , offensive photos , sexually explicit insults and even covert films of teachers - with 30 per cent of those polled confirming they had been the subject of parents ' abusive internet posts . the poll of 1,500 teachers also showed that the proportion of teachers suffering abuse from both parents and pupils has more than doubled over the past year – increasing from 21 per cent to 60 per cent . nasuwt general secretary chris keates said : ' it is deeply worrying to see that the abuse of teachers has risen by such a huge margin this year . ' equally concerning is that it appears that more parents are the perpetrators of the abuse . ' he added : ' the vile , insulting and personal comments are taking their toll on teachers ' health and wellbeing and undermining their confidence to do their job . '