bitter : tracey taylor went on a violent rampage following the breakdown of her 20 year relationship . a jilted florist used her car to ram her ex-fiance 's porsche as well as his new girlfriend 's bmw while her two terrified daughters sat in the back . furious tracey taylor , 34 , caused more than £13,000 worth of damage to the luxury cars including scratching the paintwork with a key and smashing the bmw 's windscreen with a rock . earlier that day she had attacked her former lover and his girlfriend , punching him on the ear and pulling her hair after barging her way into her home in ratby , leics . then two days later she returned to the property and broke in through the front door , pushing her way past her love rival 's 19-year-old student daughter before tearing a flatscreen tv off the wall and hurling a vase of roses across the room . when arrested she told the police she 'd attacked the cars on february 18 this year because she saw they had a porsche and a bmw between them when he 'd left her ' penniless . ' leicester crown court heard how taylor had been struggling to come to terms with the breakdown of the 20 year relationship with the father of her two daughters , aged 12 and four , and a 15-year-old son . recorder mark hill qc , sentencing , told taylor , of desford , leics : ' you were unable to control your temper and your appalling behaviour brings discredit upon you . ' you displayed a high level of anger and violence , carried out in the presence of two young children , causing extensive and serious damage . ' lynsey knott , defending , said : ' it was a life-long relationship since she was 15 . ' she 's a devoted mother , has no previous convictions , and is ashamed two of her children were present . ' she 'd assisted her partner with the running of the businesses and after the breakdown was left without a home , whilst waiting for a housing association property . taylor received a 12-month jail sentence suspended for two years , with 150 hours of unpaid work and a 20-day rehabilitation requirement . ' she was at rock-bottom and is truly sorry . her doctor has increased her anti-depressant medication . ' the court heard £9,800 pounds ' worth of damage was caused to the porsche and £3,800 to the bmw - including key scratch marks . florist taylor admitted burglary , criminal damage and two counts of common assault . she received a 12-month jail sentence suspended for two years , with 150 hours of unpaid work and a 20-day rehabilitation requirement . she was also handed a five-year restraining order was made , banning her from contacting her ex-lover 's new partner or her teenage daughter . taylor 's ex-partner , aged 40 , who runs a car business , asked not to be named , but said after the case : ' it 's been the most stressful year of my life , since we broke up . ' it 's been a complete nightmare with all the damage , threats , outbursts and driving at me before crashing into the cars in front of our daughters . ' i ca n't forgive what she 's done and i 've split up with my girlfriend , because she could n't cope with what 's happened . ' i hope this case brings an end to the problems and we can move on and work at remaining amicable for the children . '