officials at an elementary school in maine have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues without first seeking the approval of parents . during a lesson on tolerance and acceptance , children at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point were read i am jazz , a book about a child ' with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender . some parents are unhappy with the school after they say their children came home with questions about gender and wondering if they too might be trans . i am jazz is a book about a child ' with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender . one unnamed mom was so angry she contacted conservative pundit sean hannity after she felt that the school ignored her initial complaint . ' i feel like my thoughts , feelings and beliefs were completely ignored….my right as a parent to allow or not allow this discussion with my child was taken from me . it is very upsetting to me that i did n't have an option at all , ' she told hannity.com . ' when i spoke with the principal he was very cold about it . it 's amazing how thoughtless the school has been with this whole thing . ' the mother claims that lesson prompted her 7-year-old son to start asking a lot of questions and questioning if he might be trans - something that he had never previously spoken about . ' i was taken aback by it… being seven , once you put something in their mind they do n't forget so easily , ' she said . in the wake of hannity contacting the school asking for clarity , officals have now apologized . allyn hutton , the superintendent of the local district , said she supported the reading of the book but admitted that parents should have been first notified . officials at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point , maine , have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues . allyn hutton , the superintendent of the local district , admitted that parents should have been first notified . ' we have a practice of if a topic is considered sensitive , parents should be informed . in this situation , that did n't happen , ' she said . ' the whole culture at mitchell school is about teaching tolerance and respect . the people presenting the lesson thought [ i am jazz ] was one more piece of teaching that lesson . in retrospect , we understand that toleration is tolerating people of all opinions . ' but at least one parents has come out in support of the school 's initial decision to select the book as appropiate for teaching young students . ' people in this country , parents in this country are outraged by bullying , teen suicide rates and the depression in children . the staff of mitchell school is doing something about this . by teaching acceptance and love they are shedding a light on [ lgbti ] issues , ' reports gay star news . ' lgbtq issues should never be classified as a `` sensitive subject '' — there is nothing sensitive about the way we are born . blonde hair , brown hair , gay , straight or somewhere in-between , we are all people and we all need acceptance . ' the book at the center of the controversy , i am jazz , is based off of the life of now 14-year-old jazz jennings who , although born a boy , claims to have identified as a girl since he was two-years-old . ' from the time she was two years old , jazz knew that she had a girl 's brain in a boy 's body . she loved pink and dressing up as a mermaid and did n't feel like herself in boys ' clothing , ' reads the book 's description on amazon.com . ' this confused her family , until they took her to a doctor who said that jazz was transgender and that she was born that way . jazz 's story is based on her real-life experience and she tells it in a simple , clear way that will be appreciated by picture book readers , their parents , and teachers . '  