ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds . asked what seven times six equals , labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause . mr balls said : ‘ the answer… the answer is 42’ , before adding : ‘ it 's always a very dangerous thing for politicians to answer those sorts of questions , so that 's the last one i 'm going to answer . ’ scroll down for video . ed balls was left briefly stumped by a basic maths question today after he gave a speech in leeds . he was asked to work out the multiplication at the q & a after he last month revealed that he still relies on his mother-in-law for help with maths . during an interview on good morning britain , labour 's shadow chancellor confessed he was relieved he had not been asked any maths questions live on tv . he told host susanna reid : ' i was pleased you did n't ask me any maths questions this morning . ' asked how he was with fractions , mr balls replied : ' luckily my mother-in-law is a maths teacher so she is the expert when it comes to maths . ' a shocked miss reid interrupted : ' you can not tell me that the shadow chancellor relies on his mother-in-law to do his maths . ' mr balls said : ' the kids think the mother-in-law is very good at maths teaching . you always rely on your mother-in-law . ’ asked what seven times six equals , labour’s shadow chancellor looked down at his feet and laughed nervously before eventually answering correctly following a ten second pause . mr balls has three children with his wife , labour’s shadow home secretary yvette cooper . after working as an adviser to gordon brown at the treasury , mr balls was elected as an mp in 2005 and became shadow chancellor in 2011 . he previously worked at the financial times and taught economics at harvard university . in february , during an interview on the itv breakfast show , education secretary nicky morgan was left embarrassed when she refused to answer what 7x8 is .