these extraordinary images show how an enormous jumbo jet has been converted into a luxury home for a mystery billionaire - complete with bedrooms , multiple lounges and an onboard restaurant . the custom-built boeing 747 is believed to have cost its ultra-wealthy owner £400million after it was customised to fit his specifications exactly over a three-year period . the jumbo jet would normally carry as many as 600 passengers - but this version was built for just a single tycoon , although he will be able to fit dozens of guests . it contains a large dining room where travellers can enjoy meals cooked in an adjoining kitchen , with a lounge and ' state room ' at the back of the plane . more sleeping space is provided in the ' aeroloft ' on the top deck of the vessel , with eight full beds for passengers who prefer to get some shut-eye on flights . luxury : this is the lounge on board a custom-built boeing 747-8 , as depicted in an artist 's impression by greenpoint technologies . shuteye : the master bedroom of the £400million plane has a huge bed as well as an armchair and sofa for when the owner needs to relax . business : the conference room of the plane could be perfect for meetings in the sky with its long table in the centre . chill-out : the lounge decor looks like a luxury hotel , belying its true location inside a plane similar to those used by commercial airlines . executive : this room , which can be used as an office or a guest bedroom , gives a hint to its true location thanks to the porthole-style windows . kicking back : the main suite could easily be mistaken for a room in a top hotel thanks to its over-the-top decorations . restaurant : the central portion of the plane hosts a dining room which is attached to a kitchen , allowing the owner to make use of the services of a private chef . shiny : the jumbo jet is one of the most luxurious private planes ever built , with the price tag believed to have reached a total of £400million . sofa : parts of the plane are set aside for guests to relax while watching television , as the vessel can carry several dozen passengers . plush : another artist 's impression of the main state room , which also contains a desk so the owner can switch between work and relaxation . welcoming : images of the lounge show a space very different to the normal aeroplane cabin , with the traditional rows of seats completely discarded in favour of a hotel-like ambience . exclusive : few people can ever imagine flying in this sort of luxury - far more glitzy than first class on commercial flights . plan : the layout of the boeing 747 is shown in this plan published by greenpoint technologies . gigantic : the luxury interior has been built inside a boeing 747-8 similar to this one , which can hold up to 600 passengers .