if you were placed in a room with a button and told not to press it , could you fight the temptation ? a current reddit thread is testing its users resolve to do just this by placing a clickable button next to a 60-second timer . when the button is clicked , the timer resets and it is not yet known what happens when the clock reaches zero because no-one can resist clicking it . more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button ( pictured ) since the california firm launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day . it is not yet known what happens when the timer reaches zero and users can only click the button once . at the time of writing , more than 730,285 reddit users have pressed the button since reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day . only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button , and when they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ' flair . ' this colour represents the time period at which they clicked the button , ranging from zero to 60 seconds . according to the flair guide , users get a purple flair when they press the button between 52 and 60 seconds . blue flairs are awarded between 42 and 51 seconds , green flairs are between 32 and 41 seconds , yellow flairs are awarded when the button is pressed when the timer is between 22 and 31 seconds , and orange flairs are between 12 and 21 seconds . only people who registered on the site before this date are eligible to click the button ( picutrred left with the timer pictured centre and right ) , and when they do they are awarded a colour , known as a ' flair . ' this colour represents the time period at which they clicked the button , ranging from zero up to 60 seconds . users get a purple flair when they press the button between 52 and 60 seconds , blue flairs are awarded between 42 and 51 seconds , green flairs are between 32 and 41 seconds , yellow flairs are awarded between 22 and 31 seconds , orange flairs are between 12 and 21 seconds , and red is between zero and 11 seconds . the last colour is red and this is only awarded to those who can resist clicking the button until the timer reads between zero and 11 seconds . however , thousands of users at any one time are watching the button - 2,665 at the time of writing - and if any of them click the button , the timer resets . users who registered before 1 april but have not yet pressed the button will have a grey dot beneath their username . this guide shows what the colour-coded dots , known as ' flairs ' , correspond to on a person 's account . the numbered flair is rounded up from the time the user pressed the button . for example , if they pressed it at 45.01 seconds , they will received a 46 second flair . reddit launched its r/thebutton thread on april fool 's day . if you created your reddit account before 1 april 2015 , you have one chance to press the button . if you press it , the timer resets to 60 seconds . you ca n't see the button on mobile reddit apps . to press the button , you must unlock it by clicking the lock hovering over the button . once the lock is clicked it will expose the button . you do not receive flair unless you post a comment or thread , or press the button . if you comment or post a thread without pressing the button , you will get a grey flair which says 'non-presser ' when you hover over the colour . if you press the button , nothing happens other than receiving a coloured flair with a number . the number and coloured flair you receive depends on how many seconds were left on the timer at the moment you pressed the button . the numbered flair you receive is rounded up from the number you pressed the button at . for example , if you pressed the button at 45.01 seconds , you will get a 46 second flair . source : anthonyd3ca/reddit . users who registered after this date will have a light grey dot and can not take part . and a tally of how many flairs have been awarded , and in which colour , is shown on the right-hand side of the thread . the current lowest number anyone has pressed at , so far , is 27 seconds . the first user to get a blue flair was efnex123 , the first ' green ' user was sofa_king_chubby and poppopandaway achieved the first yellow flair . users are also tweeting their views about the button . one wrote : ' i am becoming obsessed with the button , ' while another said : ' this `` button '' thing on reddit is driving me nuts . i do n't know if i should press or not ' . and a third expressed his frustration by tweeting : ' stop pushing the button reddit . i want to know what happens when no one pushes the button ' ( pictured ) . users are tweeting their views about the button . one user wrote : i am becoming obsessed with the button . have n't pressed it yet , ' while another said ' this `` button '' thing on reddit is driving me nuts . i do n't know if i should press or not . ' and a third expressed his frustration by tweeting : ' stop pushing the button reddit . i want to know what happens when no one pushes the button . ' it is not known how long the button thread will remain live . last month reddit had 168,519,576 unique visitors and more than 3,632,750 logged into the site yesterday suggesting there are still a large number of users left to click the button . 