jon bon jovi ca n't go home . after almost two years on the market and an initial listing of $ 42million , the singer has sold his 7,500-square-foot new york city penthouse for $ 37.5million . the new jersey native bought the soho pad in 2007 for $ 24million , so even with the price cut is making an impressive profit . a bargain ... for a billionaire : jon bon jovi has sold his new york city apartment for $ 37.5million . on the road again : the misunderstood singer seen here performing in detroit , michigan . the sale , by douglas elliman , was reported by street easy , though the buyer is not known . the duplex has two levels and comes with five bedrooms , five-and-a-half bathrooms and two kitchens . floor to ceiling windows offer panoramic views of the city , and 11-ft high ceilings make the interior open and filled with light . a wood-fire burning fireplaces add a homey feel to the spread which is decorated primarily in soft brown , beige and cream colors . living large : with oversized windows and 11-foot-high ceilings the apartment has a light and airy feeling . another major selling point was the large outdoor space . there are three large , landscaped terraces that total almost 3,100 square feet . after the 51-year-old bought the property six years ago , he did some renovations like changing the master bedroom . he sold the house completely furnished . ' this one-of-a-kind apartment is for the discerning buyer who can appreciate fine craftsmanship and all of the modern conveniences , ' said the listing . the property , which is located between prince and houston streets , sits on the top floor of the new museum’s 158 mercer street building . this is n't the first time the bon jovi singer has listed the apartment . in 2010 he reportedly placed it on the market for $ 45m but then pulled the listing . it 's my life ... and my investment : the 51-year-old bought this downtown property for $ 24m in 2007 and his initial sales price was almost double that . this is n't the only property owned by the singer , born john francis bongiovi jr . he and his wife dorothea have a multi-acre river-front spread in the sleepy but swanky town of red bank , new jersey , and a large house on one of the most notable and costly streets in east hampton , new york , that they plucked up in august 2004 for $ 7.6million . in 2013 the band was estimated by forbes to be worth approximately $ 79million . their because we can tour earned $ 3million per city , a massive number in the touring circuit . jon gives back with soul kitchen , a pay as you want restaurant in new jersey . on a clear day you can see forever : the person lucky enough to buy this penthouse wo n't gain only stunning views , they 'll also inherit all of the furniture the rocker picked out himself . now that 's a family couch : the father of four could certainly fit his kids stephanie , jesse james , jacob and romeo on this semi-circle sofa that sits in front of a wood burning fireplace . kitchen confidential : this dark wood style kitchen is just one of two in the two-level property . living on a prayer , and a fluffy bed : this is just one of five bedrooms in mr. bongiovi 's sprawling home . outdoor living : there 's almost 3,100 square feet of terrace to breathe in that manhattan air . no , that 's not windsor castle : this new jersey native owns a sprawling mansion in his home state that looks fit for royalty . he 'll be missed : jon was seen talking to one of his neighbours at the nyc property he just sold . moving on : the singer-songwriter seemed to have a lightness to his step as he walked down the sidewalk .