jobless keith macdonald ( pictured ) has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers - and is said to have already cost the taxpayer over £2m . the man dubbed ' britain 's most feckless father ' after having 15 children by the age of 30 is back on the market after he split from his most recent pregnant girlfriend . jobless keith macdonald , 29 , from sunderland in tyne and wear , has sired a massive brood with at least ten mothers - and is estimated to cost the taxpayer over £2million . he was set to become a father for the sixteenth time but has revealed he 's split from the unborn child 's mother . macdonald , of county durham , says he 's back on the dating market - and the baby in question is not actually his . he said : ' there is no baby - it 's not mine and i 'm single now . ' macdonald , who has appeared on jeremy kyle , says he gets most of his women by chatting them up on the bus . in the past , he bragged : ' it 's easy - they never seem to say no . just chat them up on the bus . i just pick them up like that . ' that 's what i do and they never seem to say no . if they like you , they like you . get their number and text them and arrange to meet when you come off the bus . ' last month he caused a stir when he appeared on channel 5 documentary 40 kids by 20 women . macdonald told the programme he ca n't find work , partly because he is ' no good at listening ' , and spends most of him time playing computer games . scroll down for video . he says he finds it hard to meet new women because of his reputation in sunderland and is shown in the programme going to birmingham to ' pull girls ' . macdonald hit the headlines in 2011 when he tried to fake his own death in a bid to shirk responsibility for his ninth child . macdonald with ex-girlfriend becky wright just after she gave birth to his eighth child , clio , in 2008 . charlotte anderson ( left ) with her daughter kady-marie anderson and june garrick with her son brendan garrick ( right ) , all in 2005 . both children are believed to have been fathered by macdonald . in november 2012 , he was found guilty by sunderland magistrates of common assault and stealing from one of his ex-partners after a row over a cheese toastie . the binman 's son was desperate to avoid paying out any more than the £5 a week he was putting towards each of his other children . keith macdonald : - unemployed . - reportedly receives incapacity benefit for bad back of up £68.95 a week and £44 income support . - said to contribute just £5 of his weekly income to his children . - the total benefit bill racked up by him and his offspring has been estimated at £2million from birth to 18 . he pretended to be one of his friends and sent a text message to his pregnant former girlfriend clare bryant , 22 , telling her : ' keith is dead . ' miss bryant , who already had a one-year-old daughter by macdonald , rang his mobile phone , but there was no answer . she then called the local hospitals and the police , but to no avail . two weeks passed before miss bryant found out that 25-year-old macdonald was , in fact , alive and well . he sent her a message to apologise and told her that he wanted to ' get away from his life ' . he refuses to use contraception and had fathered six children by the time he turned 20 - including two he claims were conceived on double-decker buses . in 2008 he bragged : ' it 's not my fault - i thought they were all on the pill . lasses keep on coming up to me . ' macdonald first became a father at 15 as he left school and has rarely worked since saying he finds it boring . he has previously claimed incapacity allowance for a ' bad back ' . macdonald was just one of several feckless fathers to gain infamy after appearing in 40 kids by 20 women . michael holpin , a 56-year-old unemployed alcoholic from ebbw vale , south wales , became an unlikely tv star after appearing in the documentary . he claims to have 40 children by 20 women - and says while he would not recognise many of his offspring in the street , he wants more . now engaged again , the three-times married man keeps track of their names with an ever-growing family tree tattooed on his back . in 2012 macdonald was found guilty of common assault and stealing after a row over a cheese toastie .