tony pulis insists west brom chairman jeremy peace has given him his word any takeover will not drag on . owner peace is open to offers for the baggies and is understood to want between £150million and £200million for the club . there is interest from groups from america , australia and china with peace setting a june deadline to seal any deal . tony pulis insists he has been told by the west brom chairman that any takeover will not drag on . the baggies are currently fighting to avoid relegation from the premier league , and face liverpool next . and , ahead of saturday 's visit of liverpool , pulis does not expect a long saga . he said : ' he 's ( peace ) given us that promise that he wo n't be hanging round , if there 's an offer there and there 's a deal to be done he 'll want it done before a certain date and if that does n't happen then he 'll commit himself to the club again . ' i think he wants it to be with the right people . i do n't think he wants to sell it to just anybody , they have to be the right people who are going to invest and look after the club . ' he 's spent a lot of time here and invested a lot of money into the football club to put it where it is . if you look at the stadium , the academy set up , the training ground facilities and everything else . ' this club has moved on very well and they make a profit every year . so he has n't done too bad a job . ' west brom chairman jeremy peace is open to offers for the midlands club , but will not let a takeover drag on . pulis praised west brom forward saido berahino , who has recently been in the news for all the wrong reasons . pulis also dismissed any worries over saido berahino after the striker was shown again inhaling nitrous oxide in a picture taken a year ago . the striker joined aston villa 's jack grealish and liverpool 's raheem sterling in having pictures or video of them taking the legal high emerge . berahino was first shown last year taking the substance and a second picture appeared this week but the baggies are understood to be happy with the striker 's version of events . ' you would have to explain to me what they are doing because i have n't got a clue , ' said pulis . ' it looks like some balloon or something . ' that picture was a year ago . he has been fantastic since i came into the club . ' i 've had no problems with him at all and he 's played well , and fingers crossed he 's going to go to the tournament in the summer with england under-21s and he will be a big asset to that team . berahino arrives at selhurst park ahead of west brom 's win over crystal palace last weekend . berahino will this weekend come up against raheem sterling , who has also been in trouble off the pitch . ' if you watch us train , after every session there will be two or three out there and he will be one of them , doing extra work and he 's been first class . ' berahino will face sterling at the hawthorns on saturday and pulis , who is without the suspended youssouf mulumbu and ineligible andre wisdom , is looking forward to the showdown . ' they will play and it will be interesting , ' he said . ' sterling has been outstanding . saido is a little bit behind in some respects but you have to understand and recognise that one of them is playing at a really top club and there is a difference in standard , without a doubt . '