singer-songwriter don mclean 's original manuscript and notes to ' american pie ' have been sold at auction for $ 1.2 million . mclean offered the wistful anthem that asks ' do you recall what was revealed the day the music died ? ' at christie 's on tuesday . the name of the buyer was not released . the 16 pages include the original working manuscript and typed drafts of the song , including tantalizing new details about the famous anthem . in an interview published by christie 's auction house new york , where the manuscript was auctioned , mclean says american pie is about ' heading in the wrong direction ' . scroll down for video . original song : christie 's curator tom lecky holds the 16-page notes and manuscript for singer don mclean 's american pie at christie 's auction house in new york where it was sold for $ 1.2million to an unidentified bidder on tuesday . ' it is becoming less idyllic . i do n't know whether you consider that wrong or right but it is a morality song in a sense . ' it has long been known that the song about ' the day the music died ' refers to february 3 , 1959 , when rock n ' roll icon buddy holly and fellow singers ritchie valens and j.p. ' big bopper ' richardson died in a plane crash . the eight-minute-long song was released in 1971 and was a no . 1 u.s. hit for four weeks in 1972 . mclean , 69 , a longtime maine resident , says writing the song was ' a mystical trip into his past . ' legendary singer : the original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse , which was crossed out and never recorded , where mclean , now 69 , writes about music being ' reborn ' . loss : american pie mourns the death of late-50s rock n ' roll icon buddy holly , who died in a plane crash on february 3 1959 , aged just 22 , which is what mclean refers to as ' the day music died ' . tragedy : j.p. ' big bopper ' richardson and ritchie valens also died in the crash alongside buddy holly . the original manuscript also reveals a deleted verse , which was crossed out and never recorded , about music being ' reborn ' . it includes the lines ' i dropped to my knees and there i prayed and i promised him everything i could give . ' if only he would make the music live , ' according to the telegraph . american pie had a revival in 2000 when madonna covered the song to promote the soundtrack to her flop film the next best thing . despite the queen of pop describing the cover as ' something a certain record company executive twisted my arm into doing ' in 2001 , her version of american pie became a global chart hit . christie 's new york is estimating that the american pie manuscript will sell for $ 1million to $ 1.5million .