the secret drawings and letters belonged to the co-pilot of enola gay bomber which dropped the bomb and reveal captain robert lewis 's immense guilt following the mission . he wrote a letter following the bombing in which he recounts : ' my god , what have we done ? how many did we kill ? ' i am certain the entire crew felt this experience was more than anyone human had ever thought possible . ' if i live a hundred years i 'll never quite get those few minutes out of my mind . ' scroll down for video . historic : a previously unseen hand-drawn flightplan of the mission to drop an atom bomb on hiroshima is now for sale . bomber : the remarkable documents which include the flightplan , an eyewitness account of the bombing and log books were compiled by the co-pilot of the enola gay bomber which carried out the mission . destruction : an estimated 150,000 people died when the us bombed hiroshima , obliterating as much as 70 per cent of the city ( pictured in 1945 ) . pilot : the incredible lot is being put to auction by the son of captain robert lewis ( pictured ) who was on the enola gay that fateful day . the collection also includes a hand-drawn diagram , the pilot of the plane that bombed hiroshima was told to arrive at 30,000ft , drop the payload two miles short of the city , then veer away sharply at 28,500ft . the previously unseen documents used to plan the dropping of the world 's first atomic bomb on japan on august 6 , 1945 , in a bid to end the second world war have emerged for sale 70 years on . they are among a £300,000 archive compiled by captain robert lewis , co-pilot of the enola gay b29 bomber , which also includes his flight logs and report of the bombing raid . one plan , drawn in pencil and coloured inks on a single sheet of blue graph paper , shows how the enola gay would approach hiroshima , drop the atom bomb – nicknamed little boy – and then turn 150 degrees to the right to return . the plan also shows the air burst at under half a mile up over the city and the subsequent shockwaves that the explosion would create . a second plan , titled ' survival manoeuvres ' , expands on the initial diagram to show the flight paths of support planes the great artiste and necessary evil . the diagram concludes with a handwritten note : ' caution – stay at least 2/3 miles away from the atomic cloud at all times . ' auctioneer bonhams expects the drawings to fetch £26,000 in two lots when they go under the hammer as part of captain lewis 's archive of material in new york on april 29 . the collection , being sold by his son stephen , also includes a copy of lewis 's unofficial eye-witness account of the hiroshima mission , which he disguised as a letter to his parents , which alone could sell for £40,000 . also for sale are lewis 's two log books from the war noting flightplans , duration , type of plane , engines , and horsepower with a column for remarks . they are tipped to fetch £130,000 . rare : lewis 's unofficial eye-witness account of the hiroshima mission , which he disguised as a letter to his parents , which alone could sell for £40,000 . war : three days after the bombing of hiroshima ( pictured in 1945 ) , the us inflicted similar devastation on the industrial city of nagasaki . eyewitness : also for sale are lewis 's two log books from the war noting flightplans , duration , type of plane , engines , and horsepower with a column for remarks . expensive : manuscript flight logs belonging to lewis , co-pilot of enola gay . are expected to sell for £100,000 to £130,000 . an estimated 150,000 people died when the us bombed hiroshima , obliterating as much as 70 per cent of the city . three days later the us inflicted similar devastation on the industrial city of nagasaki . the two missions brought about the japanese surrender . unlike enola gay commander captain paul tibbets and navigator theodore van kirk , captain lewis , who died in 1983 , chose not to cash in on his fame in the post-war years . only one item belonging to him has been sold before – his log from the return from hiroshima in which he wrote : ' my god , what have we done ? '