the world 's largest sperm bank is relocating next to one of the country 's largest universities in order to tap into ' the abundant donor opportunities ' . cryos international , an online sperm bank , is moving its offices from new york to the central florida research park in orlando , right next to the university of central florida . while the company says the decision is in part due to the better facilities on offer , it is also due to the ' intense competition for donors ' in new york . cryos international , the ' world 's largest sperm bank ' , is relocating from its offices in new york to this research park in florida ( pictured ) , which is yards away from one of the country 's biggest universities . cryos supplies sperm online to all 50 u.s. states and 80 countries across the world . donors are allowed to remain anonymous , and a company spokesman said they can earn up to $ 750 per month . by comparison , the new site in orlando is located just yards from the university of central florida , which has an undergraduate intake of 52,000 each year , roughly 23,000 of whom are male . the new offices are also across the street from a campus of the florida technical college , down the street from valencia college , and across town from seminole state college . jim londeree , a spokesman for cryos , told the orlando sentinel : 'there’s a huge donor base here aged 18 to 29 , because of the universities . ' cryos is looking for donors aged up to 39 , and over 5ft 9in tall . payments are not listed on the company 's website , but mr londeree said donors can make $ 750 per month . donations can be made anonymously , but the company encourages people to become non-anonymous donors , allowing children to know their identity when they turn 18 . while the company accepts donations from any race and ethnicity , donors with danish heritage are particularly popular . after cryos opened donor clinics in copenhagen , they helped sperm to become one of denmark 's top exports , after beer and lego . however , it is bad news for any potential red-haired donors , as the company has previously said it is oversupplied with sperm from ginger men , and at one point stopped accepting it . the university of central floria ( pictured ) has an undergraduate intake of around 52,000 students per year , of which 23,000 are male . as well as providing cash for students , cryos will also bring around 50 job to the region . thirteen staff have transferred from new york , but the company 's goal is to expand to 65 . medical professionals , such as nurse practitioners and medical technicians , are among the possible openings , the company says . cryos was founded in 1987 and delivers sperm to all 50 u.s. state and 80 countries worldwide , with founder ole schou once boasting that they only place they have never delivered to is the antarctic . would-be parents hoping to use the service can fill out a questionnaire online , selecting from factors such as eye color , hair color , race , ethnicity , height , weight , blood type and sperm motility . donors can chose how much information they wish to give to the recipients of their sperm , but there are options to include baby photos and voice recordings to help people choose . the company is responsible for around 20,000 pregnancies a year , up to four a day in europe alone , but mr schou says it could be as high as 30,000 , as often people do not respond to tell them the treatment has worked .