they 're the best of friends who work and play together , so it 's hardly surprising that gigi hadid has picked up some words of wisdom from kendall jenner . the 19-year-old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback , particularly on social media . speaking to style.com , gigi said : ' from kendall i learned how to deal with the haters . she has a really good sense of when to stand up [ on social media ] and when to back off . ' scroll down for video . gigi hadid has credited her best friend kendall jenner , right , for helping her deal with social media haters . and it 's not only kendall , 19 , who gigi has taken social media tips from as she believes former victoria 's secret model karlie kloss is comfortable with her social media persona . she added : ' i think she does such a good job of showing who she is . she lets her personality really shine in her instagram . ' while kendall jenner is taking the fashion world by the storm , she has her fair share of haters . the fledgling model 's meteoric rise as a professional runway model reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her colleagues , according to a report . at new york fashion week , kendall was allegedly bullied by her fellow models , who even went so far as to put cigarettes out in her drink . in another incident , lexi boling , along with fellow model binx walton , left cruel comments on a pre-show image of kendall shared on vogue germany 's instagram feed . the 19-year-old model took inspiration from the keeping up with the kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback . gigi said that kendall has a really good sense of when to stand up [ on social media ] and when to back off . lexi , 21 , tagged her friend binx , 20 , in the comment : ' @ binxwalton she 's never looked better , ' with a crying with laughter emoticon . teen vogue cover star binx replied : ' that 's f****d up , ' with the same animated laughing face . the two comments have since been deleted from the vogue germany photo , but followers ' horrified responses remain . lexi has since apologised for the comment . in a statement issued via a representative to e ! news , she said : ' i was n't thinking and made a silly comment . kendall 's had a killer nyfw . a big congrats to her ! ' gigi , centre , is best friends with fellow supermodels cara delevingne , left , and kendall , right . the latter remark is certainly true . kendall is unarguably one of the world 's most in-demand stars . her appearance in a chanel fashion show in new york city on tuesday was case in point . kendall and her best friend cara delevingne were linked as they closed the paris-salzburg 2014/15 metiers d'art collection at park avenue armory in two very unique and elaborate ensembles - kendall in black , cara in white . and shadowing the young beauties was the designer himself , karl lagerfeld . gigi , cara and kendall looked delighted to be reunited at wednesday night 's chanel event . frame denim le skinny de jeanne mid rise jeans . buy at nordstrom . visit site . bffs cara delevingne and kendall jenner were back together again at karl lagerfeld 's chanel cruise , but it was n't the only reunion of the night . kendall was kitted out in a pair of monochrome printed trousers but cara opted for her favorite super distressed skinny jeans by frame denim . we 've spotted her in them several times before and it 's easy to see why . they 've got a great snug fit , are mid-rise which is easy to wear and of course all that on trend shredding makes them a must have . unfortunately you ca n't buy these exact design anymore but click right to neiman marcus now to get a similar design from neiman marcus . style like cara with some lace up boots and a sports luxe sweater . or work a simple tee and heels for fashion editor edge . price putting you off ? then get the look for a lot less with our high street edit below . topshop ripped black jeans at nordstrom . visit site . missguided brigitte ripped jeans . visit site . boohoo chloe ripped black jeans . visit site . joe 's jeans finn ripped jeans . visit site . 