a retired british soldier has been arrested by detectives investigating the shooting of a man with learning difficulties in northern ireland in 1974 . john pat cunningham , 27 , was shot by the army in a field in benburb , county armagh . a 73-year-old suspect has now been detained in england . he is being taken to northern ireland for questioning at the police 's serious crime suite in antrim . john pat cunningham ( pictured , left , in photo held by his nephew charlie agnew , right ) was shot by the british army in a field in 1974 . a man has now been arrested over his death . the case was recently re-opened by the police service of northern ireland and a murder investigation started following a re-examination of the available evidence . mr cunningham had a fear of men in uniform and was running away from an army patrol when he was shot . the government apologised for his death in 2013 . the inquiry is being carried out by the psni 's legacy investigations branch - a unit which examines historic cases from the troubles . relatives of mr cunningham , who had a mental age of between six and 10 , said the investigation did not have their support . mr cunningham was running away from an army patrol when he was shot . he had a fear of men in uniform . victims campaign organisation the pat finucane centre ( pfc ) issued a statement on the family 's behalf . ' whilst family members have cautiously welcomed the arrest , they have asked the pfc to state categorically that they will only have confidence in an investigative process that is completely independent of the psni , ' said a pfc spokesman . ' cunningham family members said in october 2013 that they wish to see all investigations into british army killings , including that of john pat , being investigated by an independent body . ' the investigation into the shooting was re-opened in march this year . speaking in march , di neil mcguinness of the psni said : ' i appreciate this happened more than 40 years ago but i believe there are people in the community today who remember this tragic incident , who knew john pat and who may have information which would be of assistance to the investigation . ' our objective is to get to the truth of what happened that saturday morning so that justice can be served . ' the government apologised for his death in 2013 . a police investigation was re-opened earlier this year . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .