householders who moved in to newly-built ‘ dream homes’ claimed today they were ‘ more like hell’ after suffering months of problems including flooding , 2ft holes and damp . the owners in huddersfield , west yorkshire , began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn - and are now calling on harron homes to resolve their 11-month ordeal . neighbours have also reported issues with drains , streetlights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and the architrave , loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street . property problems : liz brindley , 31 , is pictured with her nine-month-old daughter cora in her sandbagged garage at one of the new homes facing issues such as damp and flooding in huddersfield , west yorkshire . issues : neighbours in huddersfield have reported issues with drains , street-lights , cracks in front doors , gaps between interior doors and the architrave , loose fence panels and a collapsed pipe under the street . the family homes in the lindley area of huddersfield have four or five bedrooms and cost in the region of £250,000 - in an area where the average property value is just over £150,000 . liz brindley , 31 , who was one of the first people to move into a property in may last year , said : ‘ this was meant to be our first dream home , but it has turned into more like hell . it is unbelievable . ‘ with a new build you expect some snagging problems - but this has become much more than that . when it rains , we have to put buckets up against the windows as it comes running through . ‘ our bathroom was uneven when we first moved in - and , as harron homes were still on site , we asked the site manager to have a look . he could not believe it and said the structural beam may have bowed . ’ married mrs brindley , who has a nine-month-old daughter cora , is unsure if her home is structurally safe , after workers’ attempts to correct the problem saw the floor pulled up and cemented over . she added : ‘ we were originally told that they would have to remove part of the house in order to fix the issue with the structural beam , but they just came back and cemented over it . ‘ they have also had to redo [ this ] since . now i have to step up to get into the bathroom as they raised the floor . they have been three times to try and rectify the situation . photographed by residents : these pictures show leaking coming from the homes ' garages and windows . flooding inside : the owners began to experience problems when heavy rain started falling last autumn . ‘ however , it has still not resolved . i still wonder whether or not there is still a problem with the beam and how safe it is . there is also cracks in my house and i’m wondering if it is all connected . ’ another resident david netherwood , 37 , says he feels ‘robbed’ by the whole situation with his ‘ dream home’ . he said : ‘ when you buy the house , you expect it to be like the showroom . you expect snags here or there but it’s been 11 months of this . ' we were delighted to move in to our home - a property that we felt we could spend the rest of our lives in . you don’t expect to have rain coming through your front door , down the hallway and through windows . ‘ our garage door i feel is not fit for purpose as it has gaps which you notice when it rains because it almost feels like you’re in a shower . ’ a 2ft hole caused by a collapsed drain has also sparked great concern with residents after repeated calls allegedly failed to prompt a response . alan cadman , construction director for harron homes , said : ‘ we are aware of the frustrations experienced by some of our valued purchasers and would like to take this opportunity to reassure them that we are committed to rectifying their issues . ' hell ' : mrs brindley with nine-month-old cora outside their home in the lindley area of huddersfield . leaking : harron homes said it was ' genuinely sorry for the inconvenience caused ' and admitted the ' current level of customer care is simply not acceptable ' . loose tiles : as well as problems with the roofs ( above ) , a 2ft hole caused by a collapsed drain has sparked great concern with residents after repeated calls failed to prompt a response . ‘ many of the issues have been fixed previously but given months of bad weather and the notoriously exposed location of many of the properties , some problems have unfortunately , reoccurred . ‘ in line with the construction industry as a whole we have experienced significant delays in securing trades to undertake the remedial work , especially on developments where there is no longer any active construction present . ‘ . he added that a new customer care manager will soon be visiting the new homes , insisting that an emergency meeting with subcontractors will establish time scales for work to be done . mr cadman said : ‘ as yorkshire’s premier homebuilder we remain confident in the quality of the homes we build but realise the current level of customer care is simply not acceptable . we are genuinely sorry for the inconvenience caused and are taking a robust and direct approach to resolving them as soon as possible . ’