the number of passenger vehicle teen drivers involved in u.s. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568 , per 100,000 people in the last decade . the number of fatal crashes involving teenage drivers has dropped 55 per cent in the past decade , according to a u.s. report . between 2004 and 2013 , the number of passenger vehicle drivers aged 16 to 19 involved in u.s. fatal crashes decreased from 5,724 to 2,568 , per 100,000 people . new safety features in cars and graduate license restrictions are among the top reasons for the dramatic drop in fatalities . ruth shults , an injury prevention researcher at the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention in atlanta who worked on the report , said graduated licenses decrease overall crash rate in teen drivers by 20 to 40 per cent . graduated licenses can put curfews on young drivers , putting less teens on the road at night . these types of licenses can also restrict the number of passengers a new driver can have in their car , according to autoblog . some states limit young drivers to one passenger , while others only allow relatives and driving instructors . as for time restrictions , some states , such as idaho , do not let young drivers on the road from sunset to sunrise . other states have more concrete time periods , such as 11pm to 5am or 12am to 6am . the age in which graduated licenses change from beginner to intermediate to fully privileged driver also varies among states . eric teoh , a senior highway statistician at the insurance institute for highway safety in arlington , virginia , who was not involved in the study said younger teens might not be getting behind the wheel , which means less accidents can occur . on average , three out of four u.s. high schools students aged 16 or older reported to have driven in the past 30 days when taking a survey . ' an 18-year-old novice is probably more prepared maturity-wise than a 16-year-old novice , ' he told autoblog . three out four u.s. high schools students aged 16 or older had driven at least once during the 30 days before a survey was taken by the cdc , according to the report that announced the fatality information . the report looked at students in 42 states - california , colorado , indiana , iowa , minnesota , oregon , pennsylvania and washington were not included . the percentage of students who drove was higher in midwestern and mountain states , and it was found to be lower in metropolitan areas .