after months of speculation - and years of her friends ' doubts - whole pantry founder belle gibson has admitted she never had cancer . with her business empire destroyed and her online community in tatters , gibson today admitted her fatal cancer ' diagnoses ' were lies . ' no . none of it is true , ' she said , during a series of interviews published in the latest edition of the australian women 's weekly . in the interviews - which questioned her relationship with the truth and her understanding of cancer - gibson said she was not seeking forgiveness . ' i do n't want forgiveness . i just think ( it ) was the responsible thing to do . above anything , i would like people to say , ' okay , she 's human ' . gibson 's confession was the first time she has spoken publicly since - under fire from furious former fans - she told daily mail australia she feared for her family 's safety . scroll down for video . ms gibson revealed the truth of her cancer diagnosis in an interview . ms gibson , pictured kissing her son olivier , 4 , on the head , said : ' none of it was true ' . her business empire in tatters and her relationship with her fans broken , ms gibson is thought to be struggling financially . the women 's weekly said she was not paid for her interview . ms gibson 's interview will be published in this month 's edition of the australian women 's weekly . the wellness blogger was a prominent australian social media personality . her instagram fan base ballooned after she ' revealed ' she had prolonger her life by embracing an alternative lifestyle . her ' whole foods ' business became famously successful . penguin published her recipe book and her app was to be offered on the apple watch . but it all fell apart last month after revelations emerged ms gibson had failed to fulfil promised donations to various charities . friends then began to cast doubts about her cancer diagnoses . she then tearfully ' admitted ' she may have been ' misdiagnosed ' by a ' dr phil ' . the weekly insists it did not pay for the story and that it was approached by ms gibson 's ' people ' , the melbourne ' corporate advisory ' firm bespoke approach . ms gibson said her partner , clive rothwell , was sticking by her in spite of the controversy . but she said he had taken a ' stern ' line with her and insisted she play a straight bat . 'he’s been very stern , along the lines of , ‘ i just want you to acknowledge where you’ve f***ed up and try not to smooth over that , ' she was quoted saying . in the article , titled ' my lifelong struggle with the truth ' , ms gibson also said she had been forced to raise herself from the day she started school . she said she took upon common household responsibilities , such as bringing her brother to school and making lunches . but she would not provide her mother 's name or contact details to the magazine . in her previous interview , ms gibson said she understood ' everyone 's anger and confusion ' . the whole pantry ( pictured above , in cookbook form ) was also a popular app . it will not appear on the apple watch any longer . but she took aim at many of her former fans who she believed had responded ' maliciously ' - claiming that her son 's childcare details , home address and floor plan were published online . former friends had called upon ms gibson to ' come clean ' with the truth about her situation and had long privately questioned the veracity of her story . authorities told daily mail australia at the beginning of april that ms gibson is still facing an official investigation . a former friend of ms gibson directly called on her to ' come clean ' in an interview with daily mail australia in march . mother-of-two jayme smith , 28 , from sydney , became a confidant of ms gibson 's after they met on a parenting discussion page on facebook around 2010 . they forged an online friendship and confided over their experiences with cancer - ms smith having lost her mother to lung cancer in 2003 and ms gibson saying she had brain cancer . ms smith told daily mail australia last month she was ' baffled ' when reports emerged this week where friends raised doubts about ms gibson 's medical diagnoses and charity donations . ' i am just so shocked and i feel betrayed , that we all fell so hard for the illusion that she created , ' ms smith said . ' it has hit all of us , who i know , ( who ) also know belle , like a tonne of bricks . ' jayme smith ( pictured left , with her two children ) met belle gibson online and maintained a friendship over social media until they had a falling out . ' we only knew her online , but we all believed to a point that she was a genuine pioneer , who was surviving aggressive cancer . ' belle and i talked quite a bit about my feelings about ( cancer ) , how she could empathise with me , the feelings i felt about my mother dying and how i 'd wished i was more responsible when it happened , that i 'd wished i had tried to explore more ideas , like belle did . ' ms smith said ms gibson ' pushed ' - and nearly convinced her - not to vaccinate her children , but that she did not blame her for nearly making that choice , which she ' backed out of at the last minute ' . ' that was my own choice , based on information provided by belle . i regret that choice ( to nearly not vaccinate ) , but it was my own . i 'm not here to place blame . ' in november 2014 , ms gibson told sunday style magazine she blamed the cervical cancer vaccine gardasil for her cancer . she told her social media followers last year her brain cancer had spread to her blood , liver , spleen , uterus and that she did not expect to survive . after friends and medical experts cast doubt on her medical claims , ms gibson told the australian she may have been ' misdiagnosed ' . ' it 's hard to admit that maybe you were wrong , ' she told the newspaper , adding that she was ' confused , bordering on humiliated ' . ms smith said of belle gibson ( above ) : ' if i saw belle now , i would just ask her to tell the truth . that 's all i want ' .