alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job in an interview on radio 4 's feedback programme . the controller of bbc radio 3 has branded audiences ignorant and claims broadcasting classical music has become more challenging as a result . alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job in an interview on radio 4 's feedback programme . mr davey was asked about changes to general classical music knowledge over the last 30 years . he said : ' if you look back at the third programme ( the original name for radio 3 ) , they were bringing high culture to a relatively mass audience but they could assume that their audience knew everything . ' they did not need to have the ins and outs of classical music explained to them . ' the modern audience might not be getting the same education in music in school as they might have done a few years ago – not consistently so , anyway . ' we have to perhaps offer more explanation and context for works . ' it 's not lowering the standard , it 's not making the content simple . it 's about how we present it . ' mr davey , who until january was chief executive of arts council england , added : ' i believe there are different ways to draw people into music . ' there 's the classic fm way , and they 're very good at that . ' we 'll be presenting more longer pieces and greater variety of composers , and we also provide the additional different kinds of music and the cultural commentary throughout . ' the station has been accused of ' dumbing down ' in the past , especially after a drive in 2011 to make it more ' accessible ' to a broader audience . last year mr davey 's predecessor roger wright ( above ) dismissed as ' complete nonsense ' claims that the station was dumbing down . with just two million listeners , radio 3 is the least listened-to of the bbc 's main stations . last year mr davey 's predecessor roger wright dismissed as ' complete nonsense ' claims that the station was dumbing down and said there were distinct differences between the stations . he said : ' i just do n't recognise it at all . apparently we do phone-ins ? we do n't . ' we have n't had a request show for a long , long time . you do hear one listener voice on the breakfast show suggesting a piece of music — that 's not exactly a phone-in . so it 's complete nonsense . '   