a woman charged with having sex with a dog has whacked a photographer over the head with a bottle and told him to ' f -- k off ' outside court on saturday afternoon . jenna louise driscoll was leaving a brisbane 's city watch house after fronting the court for failing to appear on april 7 . the 25-year-old lashed out and hit a photographer on the forehead with a plastic bottle before hurling abuse at him . woman charged with having sex with a dog has lashed out at a photographer and hit him over the head . jenna louise driscoll has been charged with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug and unlawful wounding . ms driscoll was arrested on friday afternoon after she turned up at stafford police station to fulfill her regular bail conditions . police had allegedly issued a warrant for her arrest after she failed to appear in court on seven charges of supplying or trafficking drugs , one charge of unlawful wounding and three charges of bestiality . according to the courier mail , ms driscoll pleaded guilty before magistrate bronwyn springer for failing to previously appear in court and was fined $ 250 for the offence . she was released on conditional bail , which requires her to report to police , abide by residential conditions and not speak to the complainant . police found the videos of ms driscoll allegedly having sex with a dog while investigating text messages on her mobile phone for allegedly dealing cannabis in october . she fronted brisbane court on saturday for failing to previously appear on april 7 . police were carrying out checks on driscoll 's phone for suspected drug trafficking when they discovered the three videos which allegedly show her having sex with a dog . ms driscoll was charged last year with three counts of bestiality , along with charges of trafficking and possession of a dangerous drug . ‘ this isn’t something you’d normally expect , it’s quite unusual . the last case i can recall was a few years ago , it certainly isn’t something we hear reported often , ' said mark townend , ceo of rspca queensland . driscoll was also charged with two counts of possession of an item used in the commission of a crime and three counts of supplying . police prosecutor sergeant scott pearson said driscoll had allegedly been dealing cannabis to friends . text messages showed that driscoll had arranged for 113 grams of the drug to be sold for $ 1,150 and on another occasion 85 grams for $ 900 , according to sgt pearson . she will face court again on april 27 .    sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .