the google engineer who was killed when a deadly avalanche hit mount everest was given heartbreaking letters from friends and loved ones before he left - and told not to read them until he reached the summit . dan fredinburg was one of four americans killed when a massive earthquake struck nepal on saturday , causing a wall of ice and rock to engulf the base camp . the 33-year-old , who was with three colleagues and had been navigating the area for google maps , was given the messages by his girlfriend ashley arenson just before he set off on the expedition . dan fredinburg was one of three americans killed when the massive earthquake struck nepal on saturday , killing more than 3,700 people . he was given letters by friends and family when he reached the summit . the 33-year-old google engineer was given the letters by his girlfriend ashley arenson just before he left . it is n't known whether he got a chance to read them . his friends have since uploaded a crowdrise page in fredinburg 's memory , with all the funds going to relief efforts . more than $ 36,000 has been raised so far . close friend max stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on saturday alongside a tribute . ' we lost one of my dearest friends yesterday . one of the most wonderful human beings any of us would have the pleasure of knowing , ' he said . ' dan is the most interesting , adventurous , human i 've ever known . he was a silent force for justice in the world in a way i thought only existed in fiction , someone who cared about others so much that he sometimes had trouble looking them in the eye . ' someone who created fun and mischief out of thin air . someone who broke up fights by walking into the middle of them and dancing with both fighters . someone who i think about almost every day , through the lens of `` what would dan do ? `` . ' before his climb , ashley asked some of his friends and family to write letters to take up to the top with him . i hope he got a chance to read this one , and if he did n't , i hope he can somehow feel it now , along with the unbelievable amount of love and stories being shared around the world in his honor . his friend max stossel posted a picture of the letter he wrote to his late friend on saturday alongside a tribute . in it he said : ' your story has already greatly impacted mine for the better ' . in a tribute on facebook , stossel added that fredinburg was ' one of the most wonderful human beings any of us would have the pleasure of knowing ' . before embarking on his expedition , fredinburg took part in a puja ceremony in kathmandu , to make sure ' all of his energies were aligned ' . as he approached the base camp he was given a black medallion and had his face slapped by rice and flour to grant him ' the wisdom and appearance of age ' . the letter read : ' dan ( dan dan dan ) . ' you must be really high up for this written echo ( echo echo ) . everyone you know and love is eventually going to die ( die die die ) . when we do , we leave behind our stories . ' those stories are told and passed on , impacting the lives of others until they are stories ( stories stories stories ) . ' your story has already greatly impacted mine for the better . with each adventure you return with stories that most people would n't dream of experiencing themselves ( selves selves selves ) . ' thank you for pushing the human race to be greater , more daring , and to truly live life rather than survive it ( it it it ) . ' i love you , brother . please return safely with stories ( stories stores ) . ' and even if you do n't ... we 'll all be horrified , saddened , and heartbroken , that we ca n't create new stories with you but we 'll also know that you 've already lived the equivalent of at least 100 lifetimes . ' you are a f****** champion . safe , wonderful & breathtaking journey . ' love , max stossel ( ossel ossel ) . ' elia saikaly , a documentary maker from ottawa , canada , was at the everest base camp when the avalanche hit . he described the dramatic moment he began looking for survivors and realized dan was dead . speaking to cbc , he said : ' i saw two of them , and i went up to them and i hugged them and i asked them if they were ok and they said yes . and i turned around and i said , `` where 's dan ? '' and there was this silence and there was this pale look . all they said was , `` he did n't make it , '' and it was as if all time just stood still . ' ' and i was in a complete daze and i was in shock , and i just could n't believe it . they had to be kidding . he was gone , just like that . ... it 's a nightmare that you just want to wake up from . ' fredinburg started at google in 2007 . beforehand he graduated from the arkansas school of math , science and art in hot springs in 1999 , before moving on with his career . when he started at the technology company as product manager and the head of privacy at google x , the company 's secretive arm best known for ' moonshot ' projects such as the self-driving car . he had been working on mapping everest since 2013 , meaning those interested in adventuring and expeditions could look up routes themselves . it is part of ' google adventure ' , a branch of the company that creates routes for users in extreme locations . his colleague laurence you released a statement on saturday saying : ' i just had the immensely sad task of sending the following to all google employees . my thoughts are with everyone in nepal , and with dan 's family and friends . ' early this morning , nepal experienced the worst earthquake in its history , registering 7.8 on the richter scale . current reports are that over 1,000 people were killed . it 's a terrible tragedy . ' sadly , we lost one of our own in this tragedy , dan fredinburg , a long-time member of the privacy organization in mountain view , was in nepal with three other googlers , hiking mount everest . he has passed away . fredinburg used to be in a relationship with one tree hill and chicago pd actress sophia bush . the pair are pictured together at the do something awards in 2013 . he uploaded a picture of himself relaxing in his tent on day 16 of his trip . the google engineer uploaded this picture while attending burning man in the black rock desert , nevada . ' the other three googlers with him are safe and we are working to get them home quickly . ' google said it has launched a ' person finder ' tool for nepal to help people find loved ones in the aftermath of the quake and ' is working to get updated satellite imagery to aid in the recovery effort . ' google says it is committing $ 1 million to the quake response . fredinburg was in a relationship with one tree hill and chicago pd actress until last year . she paid tribute to her ex-boyfriend when the news of his death surfaced . she wrote on instagram : ' there are no adequate words . today i find myself attempting to pick up the pieces of my heart that have broken into such tiny shards , i 'll likely never find them all . today i , and so many of my loved ones , lost an incredible friend . ' dan fredinburg was one-of-a-kind . fearless . funny . a dancing robot who liked to ride dinosaurs and chase the sun and envision a better future for the world . his brain knew how to build it . his heart was constantly evolving to push himself to make it so . ' he was one of my favorite human beings on earth . he was one of the great loves of my life . he was one of my truest friends . ' he was an incredible brother , a brilliant engineer , and a damn good man . i 'm devastated and simultaneously so deeply grateful to have known and loved him , and to have counted him as one of my tribe . i was so looking forward to our planned download of `` all the things '' when he got home . ' i am crushed that i will never hear that story . i am crushed knowing that there are over 1,000 people in nepal suffering this exact feeling , knowing that they too will never hear another tale about an adventure lived from someone that they love . disasters like this are often unquantifiable , the enormity is too much to understand . ' please remember that each person who is now gone was someone 's dan . please remember that our time on this earth is not guaranteed . please tell those you love that you do . right now . this very minute . and please send a kiss to the sky for my friend dan . ' his energy is so big and so bright , and it 's all around us , so put some love toward him today . and then hug your loved ones again . ' new jersey-born dr marisa eve girawong , 29 , was also killed when ice and rock crushed the 18,000-foot-altitude base camp where she worked as a medic for madison mountaineering . a third american , tom taplin , 61 , who owned tet films & photography , was making a documentary when the earthquake hit . vin b truong was confirmed as the fourth victim .  