a city of charleston police officer committed suicide thursday morning during a standoff at his home , authorities said . sgt . george hildebidle , who had been on the force since 2003 and was married with two children , barricaded himself inside his grand oaks home following a 911 call at 7am . officials said the officer 's wife made the call , which was listed as a domestic dispute . local police called in the charleston county sheriff 's department , the crisis negotiations team , swat , and bomb squads to assume responsibility of the situation ' because we did not want to have our own folks dealing with this since they worked with this individual on a daily basis ' , charleston police chief gregg mullen told live 5 news . scene : charleston police chief gregg mullen speaks with local media following death of one of his officers , sgt . george hildebidle , inside his grand oaks home on thursday morning . closed : officers evacuated some surrounding homes as they addressed the situation . the deceased , sgt . george hildebidle , had barricaded himself inside the home . domestic : police say the 911 call that came through around 7am was listed as a domestic dispute . the neighborhood surrounding hildebidle 's house was evacuated as negotiations started . chief mullen said they knew hildebidle was armed . hours later , just before 1pm , a decision was made to enter the home . police said hildebidle was alone inside the house at the time . the whereabouts of his wife are not known . upon entering the house hildebidle was found dead . hildebidle was married with two children . chief mullen described the incident as a tragedy , but it is not believed to be linked to be linked to the case of michael slager , the white south carolina police officer charged with murder for shooting an unarmed black man in the back . ' i think police officers all over the united states constantly experience high stress and what 's going on right now has just elevated that , but this situation today i 'm focusing on what 's happening with members of my department and that 's my priority now , ' mullen told live 5 news . according to mullen , at 12:17 pm , a swat team from the sheriff 's office entered the home and found the individual deceased in the residence . ' ( hildebidle ) served this community well and unfortunately like many situations we deal with , this particular one , he chose to end the situation in his way . ' he was a great officer , i 've worked with him for almost nine years and he was a great sergeant to this community . ' he 's done wonderful things for not only the community , but for his co-workers and we 're certainly going to miss him . '