eden hazard believes chelsea have the premier league title in their grasp . hazard scored a penalty and set up loic remy 's winner - either side of charlie adam 's 65-yard strike - in saturday 's 2-1 win over stoke which saw the blues take a seven-point lead at the top of the standings . jose mourinho has targeted five wins and one draw in the remaining eight games and hazard is optimistic chelsea will win a first premier league title in five years . chelsea playmaker eden hazard insists his side are close to getting their hands on the premier league title . hazard jumps in the air to celebrate his goal during the hard-fought win over stoke city in west london . hazard told chelsea tv : ' we are confident . we are first in the league and we take game after game . we have the title in our hands . we want to bring the trophy to stamford bridge . ' hazard felt chelsea 's win could have been more convincing . ' in the first half we created a lot of chances , ' he added . ' we played beautiful football and ok , we scored just one goal , but we deserved to score three or four . the belgian international gave chelsea the lead from the spot and made no mistake against asmir begovic . ' the most important thing was the victory and we did very well till the end . ' remy 's strike came after diego costa had come on as a half-time substitute before going off with a recurrence of his hamstring problem 11 minutes later . hazard has backed remy , who could be given an extended run in costa 's anticipated absence , to keep on scoring after the france striker 's second winner in successive games . ' he can score every time when he 's on the pitch . this guy deserves to score a lot of goals , ' hazard said . loic remy finishes to put chelsea back in front after a mistake by stoke city keeper begovic . the belgium playmaker dazzled at times against stoke , but the game 's highlight was adam 's audacious lob of thibaut courtois from well inside his own half . chelsea felt aggrieved hazard had not been awarded a foul before adam drilled the ball into the home net . in hindsight , and with victory secured , hazard joked he was happy referee jonathan moss had not blown his whistle as , had a foul been given , adam 's goal would never have happened . ' i was on the floor . i did n't see the goal , ' hazard said . ' i 'm happy the referee did n't whistle because the goal was fantastic . '