a power outage temporarily blackened washington , d.c. this afternoon , interrupting a state department briefing and forcing the white house onto back-up generators . traffic lights also went out in parts of the city . the chief spokesman for 1600 pennsylvania avenue confirmed that the outage ' briefly had an impact on the white house complex ' but it was ' back on the regular power source ' by the time he began his briefing approximately an hour and a half later . ' things are slowly but surely returning to normal at the white house complex , ' josh earnest , white house press secretary , said , noting that he was in the oval office with the president when it happened , and it was barely noticeable . scroll down for videos . district of columbia metro police and u.s. secret service uniform division officers clear pennsylvania avenue in front of the white house . the temporary power outage affected the state department , the department of energy , the university of maryland in college park and other areas in the district of columbia and maryland . with traffic lights still out at a busy intersection not far from the white house , a metro police department officer directs vehicles after an electrical blackout affected the city . several smithsonian museums were affected as well , including the portrait gallery , and guests were evacuated . the impact on the white house was ' minimal , ' he said , but was unable to say how many offices in the west wing were affected . the source of outage was not immediately known , but the department of homeland security has said there 's no evidence of malicious intent or terrorism related activity . a possible cause was an explosion at a power at a plant located in southern maryland , according to the associated press . power company pepco told local news station wtop that a dip in power in the transmission line at one of its maryland stations was responsible . as of a 1:35 pm update , more than washington-area customers - including government offices - had reported outages , pepco said . visitors wait for the smithsonian air and space museum to re-open after it was evacuated following a power failure . a security guard announces the museum 's closure to prospective visitors . the outage lasted but a few seconds at the white house , as the government building immediately moved onto generators . press secretary josh earnest 's regular briefing with reporters was pushed off schedule by more than an hour . an unrelated matter , said by the white house to be an ' unattended package , ' forced the building into a temporary lock down , adding to delays . other government agencies , including the state department , were affected for longer periods of time than 1600 pennsylvania avenue . the state department 's acting spokeswoman marie harf was in the middle of her daily briefing when the blackout hit . she lit the room with her cell phone , photos posted to twitter show , and ultimately had to cut it short . oprah winfrey also got caught up in the power outage while speaking at the maya angelou forever stamp dedication at warner theatre in downtown d.c . the u.s. capitol , the justice department , irs , department of energy and several smithsonian museums , as well as the city 's metro system were also affected , according to reports . both the national air and space museum and the national portrait gallery were evacuated as a result . some stations of the city 's metro system were running on emergency lighting , cnbc reported , and the capitol complex 's power system also failed over to a generator . oprah winfrey was in the middle of a speech at a dedication ceremony for the maya angelou forever stamp when the lights went out on her at warner theater in downtown d.c . the power failure extended as far northeast of washington as the university of maryland 's flagship location in college park , located roughly 10 miles outside the heart of d.c . other government agencies , including the state department , were affected for longer periods of time than 1600 pennsylvania avenue . the state department 's acting spokeswoman marie harf was in the middle of her daily briefing when the blackout hit . she lit the room with her cell phone , photos posted to twitter show . 