channel 4 's indian summers star olivia grant headed to phuket in thailand before the start of filming the second series . i’ve always had a love affair with thailand . at the end of filming channel 4’s indian summers last year , i headed to koh phangan , an island off ko samui , and did a week-long meditation and yoga course . i came away convinced i was going to carry on doing a minimum of 30 minutes of meditation every morning in london – a resolve that was slowly eroded by the stresses of relying on london underground and from sunday hangovers . so i jumped at the chance of heading out to thailand again before the start of filming series two . despite an 18-hour journey on the flawless singapore airlines , i arrived in phuket still excited about recapturing my zen . phuket , however , is very different from koh phangan . first of all it is much greener , and secondly it is definitely an island with party in its bones . i was staying at the luxurious sri panwa resort , which comprises a series of minimalist villas complete with surround-sound systems pumping out enya , and each with their own saltwater private infinity pool facing out on to the shimmering andaman sea . villa co-ordinator pim immediately apologised for the increased security around the resort ( a thai princess and liam from one direction were there ) . i’m sure you can just sit and chill in the hotel’s beautiful restaurants or sunbathe on your private terrace , but when pim dropped me off at my villa , she revealed that another famous sri panwa guest – dj norman cook ( aka fatboy slim ) – was performing at a nightclub called seduction that evening . i decided zen could wait . seduction turned out to be off bangla road , the heart of phuket’s red-light district . having grabbed a tuk-tuk from outside the hotel ( complete with strings of fluorescent lights and speakers blaring out taylor swift’s blank space ) , i arrived at patong beach itself . this is the strip is where zen goes to die . olivia did yoga at sri panwa’s cool spa , on a breathtaking platform called baba nest , which offers 360 degree views of cape panwa ( pictured ) . bangla road in phuket comes to life when the sun goes down . the road is shut to cars and becomes 1,312ft of neon lights , loud music and cheap beer . there are thai versions of cabaret clubs such as crazy horse and moulin rouge , while street hawkers sold tickets to ‘ping-pong shows’ , which i later discovered were not as innocent as they sounded . pim ushered me up an escalator to seduction’s rooftop party venue . norman had just started his set and was whipping up a good-looking thai crowd , all of whom seemed as if they were probably doing an ma at central saint martins in london , into a frenzy . the odd british tourist was in there too , looking appropriately smug that they had stumbled into this stylish haven and escaped the booming sex trade below . the wife of one of the owners of sri panwa turned to me and whispered that everyone inside the club was ‘vvip’ . content in this knowledge , i continued my very english head-bob to norman’s hit song praise you . the next morning , breakfast at baba , sri panwa’s poolside restaurant , was a glorious affair . i faced my greatest challenge so far… selecting from the breakfast buffet . room with a view ! the luxurious sri panwa resort in phuket features an infinity pool overlooking the andaman sea . i always get a bit nervous at buffets . it has to be a carefully managed procedure , and with only a certain amount of space and a plethora of choice , i did an almost ridiculous amount of hovering before settling on a rather ad hoc selection of banana pancakes followed by a thai fish curry . curious but excellent is the only way i can describe this combination . it is also testimony to the hotel that all the staff seemed so happy there . i caught a couple of them making faces while squirting the pancake mixture on to the griddle and giggling with a joyousness that i can’t really imagine at a breakfast buffet in london . i whiled away the afternoon reading by my infinity pool , slathering on the factor 50 at every opportunity , as my skin needs to be eased into even the most minimal sun exposure unless i want that a tantalising combination of prickly heat and sunburn . the james bond island is a popular feature in phang nga bay , phuket . i then headed up to sri panwa’s cool spa , where you can practise yoga on a breathtaking platform called baba nest , which offers 360 degree views of cape panwa . our thai yoga instructor , who coincidentally had a body which looked as if it had been carved out of mahogany , performed the chaturanga at sunset with a sinuousness that reminded me of that scene featuring the yoga instructor from couples retreat , for anyone who knows that film . he didn’t quite slap me on the bottom and say ‘encouragement’ , but it was a close-run thing . then , after a fabulous dinner at sri panwa’s beautifully appointed thai restaurant soul food , where the ‘ squid on hot plate’ sizzled satisfactorily and the green curry with prawns was to die for , i submitted to the jet-lag and crashed out on pillows on which the maids had placed a shell and an orchid . returning to my quest for zen the next morning , i headed north of phuket and took a 30-minute boat ride to a quiet island in phang nga bay , which i had been advised was much less touristy than the phi phi islands made famous by the film adaptation of alex garland’s the beach . i was picked up by the staff of the six senses yao noi hotel and spa who had lined the bamboo pier , and was driven to the complex by a tuk-tuk , which bore no resemblance whatsoever to the ones in phuket . dj hardwell also known as fat boy slim , performs a set . the dj also stayed at the sri panwa and performed at a nightclub called seduction . the hotel is much more of a retreat than sri panwa and puts a lot of emphasis on being an eco-friendly , sustainable resort . the landscaped gardens are supposedly ‘edible’ , there’s a space for some of the happiest free-range chickens i’ve ever seen , and a mushroom hut , where the chef harvests fresh oyster mushrooms . but this resort is also beautiful . each of the villas contains a double bed with white mosquito nets hanging from interwoven horns , the bathrooms have beautiful copper standalone basins , and from the sunken bath there are exquisite views of the strange islets of phang nga bay . the wooden decking leads to a private pool , but you can also pad down to the private sandy beach which stretches below and go for a swim . fruit and drinks by the pool at evason six senses hideaway on koh yao noi island . i ate poached rock lobster in coconut milk , lemongrass , galangal and kaffir lime , and a beef curry on jasmine rice , at six senses’ beautiful hilltop restaurant before heading to the beach again where the hotel was screening the hollywood classic breakfast at tiffany’s under the stars . as i listened to audrey hepburn describe tiffany , i thought that this hotel also was a great place to head to when you had the ‘ mean reds’ – nothing very bad could happen to you here . back at sri panwa and there was just enough time to indulge in one more asian-style breakfast curry before take-off . i also spotted norman lounging by his pool , so i wandered over to congratulate him on his set a few nights before . norman merely shrugged , as if the crazed hero-worship in the club was just a run-of-the-mill tuesday , so i duly toned down my enthusiasm and sauntered off with the look of ‘ yeah , totally , i feel you . it’s a normal tuesday night in phuket for me too . ’ and then it was back to london . i may have mislaid my zen in phuket but i sure had partied . indian summers is out now on dvd . singapore airlines ( singaporeair.com ) offers return flights from heathrow and manchester to phuket via singapore from £760pp . rates at sri panwa start at £336 per pool suite per night . visit sripanwa.com . .  