dick advocaat has refused to rule out staying on as sunderland boss beyond the end of this season . the 67-year-old has signed a nine-game deal with the black cats and celebrated his first home match with a 1-0 victory over north-east rivals newcastle last weekend . that result moved sunderland three points clear of the bottom three and , with supporters having taken a liking to the affable dutchman , he is open-minded when it comes to his future . dick advocaat has refused to rule out staying at sunderland beyond the end of this season . jermain defoe ( centre ) scored a stunning goal to give sunderland a win over fierce rivals newcastle last week . advocaat does not want speculation regarding his future to overshadow sunderland 's survival attempts . ‘ my situation is not important , ’ he said ahead of today’s visit of crystal palace . ‘ the most important thing is the team improving . i’m a demanding manager , players can always do more . ‘ we will wait and see with my situation but i am enjoying every minute of this . ‘ the four years at rangers were the best of my life , the way i could live my life . i have worked all over the world , but that admiration from the fans and the people at the club , i liked that . ‘ i enjoyed last weekend and i expected that atmosphere . the fans were unbelievable . hopefully that will be the same against palace . ' of the instant rapport with the club’s fans , advocaat said : ‘i’m not being arrogant but that is a normal situation for me . at the clubs i have worked at and the prizes i have won , that is normal for the fans to feel that way . ‘ but it is good to be back in club management . i enjoy working with people . ’ meanwhile , advocaat has given his players a five-game survival target . sunderland finish the season with trips to arsenal and chelsea , and the boss said : ‘ we have those last two away games to end the season so ideally we have to do it ( safety ) in the next five games . ‘ the most important of those five games is against crystal palace , because it is the next one . ‘ if we get a good result against palace , the thinking might change as to how many points we need . we have to do it week by week and it 's important to win the home games . it 's better to do it game by game rather than look too far ahead . ’ advocaat congratulates defoe on his goal against newcastle and now targets a win over crystal palace . advocaat has given sunderland a five-match survival aim as the last two games are at arsenal and chelsea . that result moved sunderland three points clear of the bottom three and , with supporters having taken a liking to the affable dutchman , he is open-minded when it comes to his future . ‘ my situation is not important , ’ he said ahead of today’s visit of crystal palace . ‘ the most important thing is the team improving . i’m a demanding manager , players can always do more . ‘ we will wait and see with my situation but i am enjoying every minute of this . ‘ the four years at rangers were the best of my life , the way i could live my life . i have worked all over the world , but that admiration from the fans and the people at the club , i liked that . ‘ i enjoyed last weekend and i expected that atmosphere . the fans were unbelievable . hopefully that will be the same against palace . ' of the instant rapport with the club’s fans , advocaat said : ‘i’m not being arrogant but that is a normal situation for me . at the clubs i have worked at and the prizes i have won , that is normal for the fans to feel that way . ‘ but it is good to be back in club management . i enjoy working with people . ’ meanwhile , advocaat has given his players a five-game survival target . advocaat praised the atmosphere for the game against newcastle and wants a repeat against palace . striker defoe will be looking to lead sunderland to another major victory at the weekend . sunderland finish the season with trips to arsenal and chelsea , and the boss said : ‘ we have those last two away games to end the season so ideally we have to do it ( safety ) in the next five games . ‘ the most important of those five games is against crystal palace , because it is the next one . ‘ if we get a good result against palace , the thinking might change as to how many points we need . we have to do it week by week and it 's important to win the home games . it 's better to do it game by game rather than look too far ahead . ’ 