blown up in iraq , hannah campbell defied the odds to have a miracle baby after shrapnel damaged her womb . but behind the joy of celebrating daughter lexi-river’s first birthday , the former army corporal has battled new agony after twice nearly dying from a mystery illness since the birth . miss campbell , 30 , was struck down with a condition that caused her stomach to rupture , leaving her fighting for her life in intensive care , and feared she would not be there to help lexi-river blow out the candles on her cake . scroll down for video . hannah campbell , pictured with her daughters milly ( left ) and lexi-river ( right ) , defied the odds to have a miracle baby after shrapnel damaged her womb from a blast in basra . and as she struggled to recover , her relationship broke down with long-term partner and lexi-river’s father anthony mcmorrow , who proposed to her on valentine’s day last year . miss campbell said : ‘ i was just so desperately ill that the relationship was put under extreme pressure . ’ but the split was amicable , with miss campbell and mr mcmorrow , 32 , a marketing consultant , making lexi-river their priority . miss campbell suffered horrific injuries when a mortar bomb hit the building in basra she was guarding while serving with 19 tank transporter squadron in 2007 as a young mum with a then three-year-old daughter , milly , from a previous relationship . she has since split from long-term partner anthony mcmorrow ( left ) . she was serving with 19 tank transporter squadron ( right ) in 2007 when the blast happened . the couple , pictured with hannah 's daughter milly and anthony 's son leo , have decided to split after hannah began suffering from a mystery condition . she was blinded in one eye , her left hand was split in two and her left leg was shattered . shrapnel damaged her abdomen , leading doctors to tell her she’d never be able to have another child . two years after the blast she elected to have her leg amputated , as unbearable pain had left her housebound . during her recovery she gained weight from being wheelchair-bound , going from 9½ st to 21st , while post-traumatic stress disorder caused her to lose her hair . with the help of doctors miss campbell , from northampton , rebuilt herself with a £52,500 makeover including a prosthetic leg , make-up which is tattooed on , botox , gastric band weight loss treatment , a tummy tuck and hair extensions . she even treated herself to breast enlargements . she underwent a £52,500 makeover after she gained weight from being wheelchair-bound after her leg was amputated following the blast . although doctors told her she would never conceive again , she gave birth to lexi-river on march 31 last year . but when lexi-river was ten days old , miss campbell suffered excruciating stomach pain and was rushed to hospital . miss campbell was previously married to husband jamie , father to their daughter milly . she said : ‘ it was like history was repeating itself as i lost so much of milly’s childhood having operations and recovering after the blast . ’ doctors found she had a perforated ulcer and operated to stem the bleeding . six months later she developed a larger ulcer , which perforated . she said : ‘ i ended up with 40 staples holding my stomach together . i was in hospital all over christmas and finally got out in early january this year . ’ last weekend she was readmitted with stomach pains , but she was determined not to miss lexi-river’s birthday on tuesday and checked herself out 24 hours before , getting home in time to make cupcakes with milly for the party . miss campbell said : ‘ because of everything i’ve been through celebrating lexi-river’s first birthday is a milestone not only for her , but also for me . in my darkest times i feared i wasn’t going to make it , but i just couldn’t give up because of my two daughters . ’ she will spend the next month having tests as doctors explore the possibility she may have a rare condition which is causing her stomach to ulcerate . 