it 's probable that thiago alcantara would never have signed for manchester united even if david moyes had wanted him . once pep guardiola had made it clear he required the midfelder at bayern munich , it was pointless for united to continue their pursuit anyway , but the fact that moyes was n't keen on the transfer - ' not his type ' said a club source - was probably an early indication that he was n't the right fit for united . not that moyes is a bad judge of a player ; all managers get it wrong at some point . however , united 's need for passing quality from deep midfield was apparent throughout moyes ' short time at the club . indeed , it has continued to be a problem until michael carrick fully recovered from injury and ander herrera began to find his feet . the kind of passing display thiago delivered in bayern 's 6-1 win over porto on wednesday has been precisely what united have been missing . thiago ( right ) heads in bayern munich 's first goal during their 6-1 win over porto on tuesday night . thiago blows a kiss to the crowd as he celebrates his goal which started bayern 's remarkable comeback . thiago is congratulated on his strike by pep guardiola , the man who took him from barcelona to bayern . without quality in that area , few teams can compete at the elite level any more . it used to be the case that a requirement of playing holding midfield was height , strength and an ability to tackle . given that most distribution emanates from deep , being among the best passers of the ball in that position is infinitely more important now . moyes might quite reasonably been worried that thiago was on the slight side to thrive in the rough and tumble of the premier league . and his troubles with repeated knee ligaments injuries until his comeback this year add some weight to that theory - he was much missed by spain at the world cup after pulling out with a knee injury . but there are few players in the world who can pass like thiago . gary neville has spoken about how paul scholes was once among that small group of players who could dictate a game simply with the tempo and the accuracy of their passing . andrea pirlo and xavi are two more from scholes ' generation . thiago is now elevating himself to their level . one experienced german journalist who has been watching bayern for 35 years commented last night : ' thiago might well be the most technically-gifted central midfielder who has ever played for bayern . ' thiago dictated the pace of the game from deep for bayern munich as they crushed porto . thiago started his career at barcelona but was overlooked for cesc fabregas ( right ) by boss tito vilanova . and no-one has invested more in thiago than guardiola , which is why united had no realistic chance of signing him once his offer had been made . it was pep who promoted him to the first team at barcelona in 2009 and made him an integral part of the squad . but when pep left , his successor , the late tito vilanova , wanted cesc fabregas to play that role . thiago was sidelined , hence his availability in the summer of 2013 . he is very much a global footballer for the 21st century . his dad , of course , is brazilian , the world cup winner mazinho ; thiago was born in italy and raised in spain . he opted to play for the country in which he was living , rather than that of his forefathers or his birth , and was outstanding for spain in the european under 21 championships in 2013 , scoring a hat-trick in the final against italy in a 4-2 win . at barcelona they are said not to be disturbed by the rise of thiago . ivan rakitic and sergio busquets have that position covered . but xavi is off to qatar and cesc is at chelsea . should barca end up against bayern in the champions league semi finals , they may yet rue the day they deemed him surplus to requirements . david moyes believed thiago may not be able to cope with the physical demands of the premier league . 