a zoo in ohio is celebrating the ' miracle ' birth of three rare amur tiger cubs after it was feared their mother 's biological clock had stopped ticking . keepers at the columbus zoo say ten-year-old irisa had mated before but never conceived . however , this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets . while the birth on tuesday morning went smoothly , irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator . scroll down for video . open wide : a zoo in ohio is celebrating the ' miracle ' birth of three rare amur tiger cubs after it was feared their mother 's biological clock had stopped ticking . bundle of joy : keepers at the columbus zoo say ten-year-old irisa had bred before but never conceived - however , this spring it was found the female cat was pregnant - with triplets . ' we are always cautiously optimistic about the survival of fragile newborns , ' said columbus zoo president tom stalf . ' but the cubs seem to be thriving under the 24-hour care provided by our animal specialists and veterinarians . ' video footage shows the newborn siblings writhing around and napping . the baby cats currently weigh a healthy 2.5lbs but they 're set to grow to a heftier 650lbs . their eyes are also closed but should open over the coming days . in safe hands : while the birth on tuesday morning went smoothly , irisa failed to show any maternal care so her offspring are currently being hand-reared in an incubator . taking it easy : video footage shows the newborn siblings writhing around and napping . it is unknown when they will go on display to the public and how keepers will go about naming them . these are the first cubs for ten-year-old female , irisa , although the zoo team and the tiger species survival plan ( ssp ) had hoped for years she would reproduce and pass on her valuable genes . this is the third litter sired by 11-year-old , foli , since 2012 . gestation for tigers is about three-and-a-half months which means the cubs were conceived just weeks before foli left for another facility in kansas on february 25 . he has been retired from breeding . tiny tots : they currently weigh 2.5lbs but are set to grow to a heftier 650lbs . growing pains : their eyes are also closed but should open over the coming days . bright futures : it is unknown when they will go on display and how keepers will go about naming them . a new male tiger , jupiter , arrived at the columbus zoo on march 19 . jupiter was born at the moscow zoo in 2007 and came to the columbus zoo from the dvur kralove zoo in the czech republic . both males were moved at the recommendation of the species survival plan in an effort to maintain a sustainable population of tigers in human care . with the addition of the three cubs there are currently ten amur tigers at the columbus zoo including four cubs born in 2013 and their mother , mara .