michael olsen , 52 , has been jailed for 12 years after shooting a police officer in the hand . a thug who shot a hero policeman in the hand as he was tackled to the ground after threatening to blow another officer 's head off has been jailed for 12 years . michael olsen , 52 , from dartford , kent , was challenged by pcs mark bird and robert wilson after abandoning his car in the middle of the road after ploughing into a traffic island and parked cars . he initially ignored the officers who were pursuing him by car but when they got out he turned round and pulled a gun to pc wilson 's head . when pc bird lunged at olsen in a bid to save his colleague he felt a sharp pain through his hand and realised he had been shot . they were able to restrain and arrest him , where they found a bag of bullets in his pocket . the 45-year-old officer , who is now back on duty , and his colleague had been called to a routine traffic accident in welling on october 3 , last year , when the incident unfolded . a land rover freelander had been abandoned in the middle of the road after a crash and a member of the public had called to say the driver had walked off . the police officers went after olsen in their car and spotted him walking along a nearby residential street where they confronted him . pc bird , who has been in the force for nearly 23 years , said : ' i challenged him and he ignored us and carried on walking . we stopped the car almost straight away and jumped out . ' as i challenged him again he turned around , pulled out a revolver and pointed it about five or six feet away from rob 's head . he said : `` if you come any closer i will blow your effing head off '' . ' he added : ' i looked at his eyes , and i thought he means what he says he 's going to do , so i went for him with my left arm to try and knock the gun away from him . pc mark bird ( pictured ) was attending a routine traffic accident with his colleague pc robert wilson in october last year when the incident happened . ' as i did this he turned towards me . i felt the gun in the palm of my hand and he fired one shot . i felt a really sharp pain , like someone pushing a knife through and then pulling it out again . ' police believe he was on his way to see his ex-girlfriend whom he was banned from seeing under bail conditions . pc bird added : ' it was literally such a split second thing and we had to try to do something , because we were cornered really , and there was no way we were going to let him go . ' it 's only afterwards that you realise the gravity of it . if the bullet had gone through the wrist , it could have gone up the arm and travelled towards the heart . ' someone was watching over us that night . i 'm still here , i 'm still a police officer , i 'm carrying on . ' the officers challenged olsen but he turned round and pulled a gun to pc wilson 's head . pc bird stepped in to save him but as he did he was shot in the hand ( pictured , his injuries ) . as olsen pointed the revolver at the officer 's head he threatened : ' if you come any closer i will blow your effing head off ' . he denied knowing the gun was real but was found guilty at inner london crown court . pc wilson said : ' it happened so quickly . it 's when you sit down afterwards and start to think about things , what ifs , what could have happened . ' you see the injury to mark 's hand and you think that gun was pointing at my head - so there 's no way i 'd be here now if mark 's hand had n't got in the way . ' in custody olsen , denied knowing the gun was real , claiming he thought it was a toy . he was found guilty of gbh with intent , possession of a firearm and ammunition with intent to endanger life and dangerous driving and jailed for 12 years at inner london crown court .