england must have played against worse teams than this st kitts invitational xi but , after a day that descended into near farce , it is difficult to think of any . warm-up games can be low-key affairs but there can not have been many times when an international side have been pitched against a team as bad as this . st kitts were simply shambolic , so bad that chigwell cricket club could give them a decent game , and an almost tragic example of the steep decline of caribbean cricket . they were simply not fit for purpose . jos buttler appeals for a stumping as england dominated the second day of a farcical match in st kitts . mark wood looked lively in his early spell after he was brought in for his first bowl for england . the statistics will say that england , having bowled st kitts out for 59 on the first day of their opening two-day tour match , rattled up 379 for six declared with both alastair cook and ian bell retiring out . then st kitts , given just one session to hang on , capitulated again and finished on 76 for seven , narrowly avoiding handing england a hollow victory . the match was drawn , just about , and it should also have been hung and quartered . the modern fixture madness that will see england play 17 tests in the next 10 months makes proper warm-ups almost impossible and is one of the main reasons why home teams nearly always win test series these days . but when they are as meaningless as this it is questionable why it is even worth bothering . england may have spent time in the middle but they may as well have just turned up in antigua next week to play the first of three tests . wood celebrates his first england wicket , but he is probably still a way off getting a first test cap . alastair cook acknowledges the crowd after making a century , shortly before being retired out . jos battler had a short go at attacking the home bowlers before england declared with a mammoth 320 lead . for what it is worth , bell and joe root made untroubled half-centuries yesterday after cook had moved to his first century for england since the ashes warm-up in hobart 18 months ago and promptly retired . ben stokes and jos buttler then had a bit of a bash before england declared at the fall of stokes just before tea , the small matter of 320 ahead . then , in a move which further devalued the authenticity of the ‘ contest , ’ england brought liam plunkett and mark wood into the match for a work out . wood , the durham fast bowler , looked lively in his first bowl for england off his minimalist run-up and earned his first wicket when he bowled shane jeffers but it is unlikely to be enough to earn him a first test cap just yet . gary ballance looked out of touch , the only real problem for england in a very comfortable match . liam plunkett charges in as england reduced their hosts to 24 for six in farcical circumstances . when st kitts plummeted to 24 for six and almost had a batsman timed out before he emerged just in time with the velcro on his pads barely fastened , the home side’s embarrassment was almost complete . yet at least they regained a semblance of pride by holding on as england gave their two spinners a decent bowl , akeem saunders and leon clarke doing most to keep england at bay . the only place in england’s first test team yet to be decided , it seems , is between adil rashid and james tredwell for the sole spinner’s slot and tredwell was the clear winner here , taking three wickets to rashid’s one . the yorkshireman will need to have a very good second match to edge out tredwell . james tredwell ( left ) outperformed adil rashid in the contest to be england 's test spinner next week . buttler makes an unconventional stop as england came close to winning the game in just two days . the only concern for england will be the form of gary ballance who looked out of touch before falling for 16 , the legacy perhaps of a world cup where he somehow became a symbol of england’s unimaginative one-day thinking . england’s desperate attempt to get as much as they can from the second of these two warm-ups will tomorrow see them bowl 90 overs at st kitts whatever happens and then bat for 90 overs on thursday . the first cricket score of 225 for 25 could be recorded at warner park tomorrow and the once proud reputation of caribbean cricket will most likely take another hit . truly , it is a sad state of affairs . 