even after offering so little on the pitch , harry kane still served a useful purpose for his manager on sunday . he drew the attention away from the cold reality of a disappointing display against burnley ; away from the fact that tottenham’s chances of now qualifying for the champions league appear extremely remote . if there was a danger mauricio pochettino might have to endure some less than flattering headlines , kane at least offered an alternative . harry kane was captain for tottenham hotspur in the premier league match against burnley at turf moor . tottenham striker kane became the youngest premier league player to be captain this season at the age of 21 years and 251 days . tottenham went into the premier league match looking to get back into the race for champions league qualification after liverpool 's loss .  burnley ( 4-4-2 ) : heaton 6 ; trippier 7 , duff 7 , shackell 7 , mee 6.5 ; boyd 7.5 , jones 6.5 , arfield 6.5 , barnes 7 ; ings 6.5 , vokes 7 ( jutkiewicz 76 , 6 ) . subs not used : gilks , keane , ward , kightly , sordell , ulvestad . booked : trippier , mee . goals : none . manager : sean dyche 7 . tottenham hotspur ( 4-2-3-1 ) : vorm 6.5 , walker 6 ( davies 47 , 6 ) , chiriches 6 , dier 6 , rose 6.5 ; bentaleb 6 , mason 6.5 ( townsend 83 ) ; chadli 6.5 ( lamela 64 , 6 ) , eriksen 7 , paulinho 5 ; kane 6 . subs not used : friedel , dembele , stambouli , soldado . booked : none . goals : none . manager : mauricio pochettino 6 . mom : boyd . referee : m. atkinson 5 . attendance : 18,829 . how the premier league table looks . kane 's heat map vs burnley . click for more . harry kane had a bad day at the office by his recent high standards : 0 shots on target by kane . the last time he failed to hit a shot on target in the premier league was on december 6 against crystal palace . 14 kane made just 14 passes , the joint lowest of any spurs starter . 56 % kane 's pass completion rate was the worst of any spurs player except goalkeeper michel vorm . in fairness to pochettino , this would not have been in his thinking when he selected kane as captain for this contest and he was honest enough to admit afterwards that securing a top-four place would now be difficult . but the post-match autopsy was relatively painless because there was more interest in discussing the continuing rise of the 21-year-old striker rather than the thoroughly unremarkable performance kane and his colleagues had just produced . seemingly miffed by the line of questioning , pochettino’s only explanation for why he made kane the youngest skipper in the barclays premier league this season was brief and to the point . ‘ he deserved it , ’ he said , and with so many senior players missing it was not entirely without logic when he is said to be one of the more vocal members of the dressing room . but pochettino did not stop there , accepting the invitation to gaze briefly into the future and imagine kane as club captain . ‘ he has the quality , ’ he said . ‘ so yes , maybe ( he could be captain in the long term ) . ’ right now anything would appear possible with this kid . the goal only 78 seconds into his england debut ; the fact that he is just one short of becoming the first tottenham striker since gary lineker to score 30 in a season . perhaps he will be hosting match of the day next week . here at turf moor , though , the dream and the reality were not quite in tandem for once , kane enduring one of the more difficult afternoons he has experienced this season alongside team-mates unable to provide him with the service he requires . ‘ it was difficult for him and difficult for his team-mates too , ’ pochettino acknowledged . he also pointed to manchester city’s recent defeat here and complained that ‘ long balls into the box’ made sean dyche’s side hard to play against . but tottenham played like a side that took one look at arsenal’s thumping defeat of liverpool on saturday and concluded that a place in the champions league was already beyond their reach . they lacked urgency as well as energy , and while pochettino could point to illness , injury and the international commitments of his players it remained a disappointing display . ‘ maybe we like playing on thursday nights ? ? ’ tweeted darren anderton . captain kane pictured in the tunnel beforehand with his tottenham team as they prepared for the match with burnley . it was the first time kane has been captain this season for tottenham as manager mauricio pochettino put his faith in the young striker . kyle walker receives treatment on the pitch before he was forced off through injury and replaced by ben davies for tottenham . walker was forced off through injury in the second half as tottenham chased the win against burnley at turf moor . tottenham had only two shots on target in this game — they have only managed fewer three times in premier league games this season . it remained more than a little perplexing that pochettino waited until the 83rd minute to unleash andros townsend from the bench . the scorer of england’s equaliser against italy and probably full of confidence as a result , he might have injected some much-needed momentum into tottenham’s football . as it was he once again found himself the target of paul merson’s venom , the former arsenal midfielder teasing him on twitter that he must have missed the bus . dyche focused more on the positives of his own team’s efforts but should really see this as a missed opportunity , given how poor tottenham were . a point would have been welcome but three would have lifted them out of the relegation places , and on reflection his side had the best of the chances . danny ings squandered a marvellous opportunity in the opening few minutes before forcing a fine one-handed save from michel vorm shortly before the interval . the fact that the first booking came in the 78th minute illustrated how timid a contest this was . even after dyche had taken the fairly bold step of starting with ings , sam vokes and ashley barnes . this game boasted the two hardest working players in the premier league this season , with george boyd top of that list with 338.8km covered and christian eriksen second , just 600m behind the burnley midfielder . ashley barnes shoots under pressure from tottenham 's eric dier during the match as burnley tried to steal three points . barnes tumbles over as a chance goes begging for burnley against tottenham in the premier league match . kane closes down michael duff during the match as tottenham and burnley played out a goalless draw on sunday . burnley striker danny ings stands with hands on hips as he failed to score during the premier league stalemate at turf moor . it was boyd’s industry that created the first decent chance of the game , the pressure he applied on ryan mason forcing the newly capped england player into directing a back-pass into the path of ings . the burnley striker should have scored but succeeded only in firing his shot straight at vorm . the second half was no better . eriksen burst clear only to send a shot well over the crossbar , while barnes threatened too . paulinho found himself clean through at one stage only to scuff his effort embarrassingly wide . and the irrepressible boyd would go close moments before the final whistle only to see his header bounce agonisingly wide . ‘ i think we edged the game , ’ said dyche afterwards . ‘ danny ( ings ) has had a couple of great chances but the first one he’s probably just hit too cleanly . but i’m pleased by the fact that we’ve got another clean sheet against a team that has spent a couple of hundred million on players . ’ not that there was much evidence of that here . christian eriksen runs with the ball and breaks clear of george boyd and duff as he tries to steal the win late on . tottenham manager pochettino pictured on the touchline as he tried to get his team to take advantage of burnley away from home . burnley manager sean dyche may well have taken a point before the match but may feel like his team could have stolen the victory .