andy murray’s coach has announced she is pregnant – two days before the british tennis star’s wedding to kim sears . former world no 1 amelie mauresmo is expecting her baby in august , and will be heavily pregnant as she guides murray through wimbledon . the openly gay 35-year-old broke the news on social media on thursday night . amelie mauresmo was appointed as andy murray 's coach last summer . mauresmo revealed on twitter : ‘ baby will be here in august ! # pregnant so happy . ’ murray , 27 , marries long-time fiancee kim sears at dunblane cathedral on saturday and the news is likely to overshadow their preparations . mauresmo , who won wimbledon and the australian open titles in 2006 , came out as gay at the 1999 australian open . mauresmo roars on murray during his australian open quarter-final clash with nick kyrgios in january . thursday’s tweet was accompanied by a photo of a pair of baby-sized blue all star trainers next to a pair of adult shoes . mauresmo was appointed as murray’s coach in june 2014 following his split from ivan lendl three months earlier . much of the initial debate around mauresmo’s appointment centred on whether she could instil a more aggressive attitude in murray . but it also focused on whether he could rediscover the self-control that became so evident under lendl . mauresmo , a former world number one , won wimbledon and australian open singles titles back in 2006 . mauresmo celebrates beating justine henin-hardenne to win wimbledon in 2006 . mauresmo also won the australian open in 2006 . away from the court , on which he is ferociously competitive , murray is said to be thoughtful , with a gentle and sensitive side , similar to softly spoken mauresmo . he was forced to defend her appointment , saying : ‘ she was someone who struggled with nerves and conquered them later in her career . someone like that can help more than someone who hasn’t had those issues before . ‘ you can talk about amelie’s accomplishments , she won a lot . she was no 1 in the world , she won multiple grand slams , she had a creative game style . as a person , she is very nice , very easy to communicate with , but she is firm as well . so those are the reasons i wanted to give it a shot . ’ murray insisted his coaching liaison with mauresmo was long-term after he surrendered his wimbledon crown last summer . the scot arrived back in britain on monday as world no 3 in the new rankings . despite his recent tournament finishes getting him back near the top of his game , murray has had to put tennis aside this week as he and kim sears make last-minute preparations for their wedding on saturday . 