when the first pictures of kim sears in her wedding dress surfaced yesterday , they got a mixed reaction . the jenny packham chiffon gown with jewelled-detailing on the arms has split opinion , with some on twitter raving about the garment and others claiming it swamped her . over the last few years , wedding dress choices have become so varied that they fall into very distinct camps - short , boho , quirky traditional and more . scroll down for video . andy murray and kim sears leave dunblane cathedral after getting married this weekend . zeenat sabvur from the wedding planning website ready or knot believes brides are thinking outside the box a lot more when it comes to their wedding dresses nowadays , instead of having their choices dictated by tradition . she said : ' brides do n't go for what they think they should go for anymore , they choose their dress more on what their personalities are like . ' angelina always said that her children were the reason for her getting married , so she made the day very much based around them and that included the dress . ' keira knightley 's was quirkier - she wore a dress that had worn before and that had a lot of stories to it . ' the change of attitude towards dresses is the same as with the wedding cake , brides do n't necessarily get cake anymore , they might get cheese , profiteroles or cupcake . ' weddings are now about personalities and celebrating their relationships , which makes it more fun . ' read on to discover the different types of wedding dresses that brides are opting for nowadays ... the traditional dress . prince william and kate middleton get married in 2011 at westminster abbey . many brides still opt for the traditional white gown when it comes to their wedding outfit . when kate middleton married prince william in 2011 , she opted for an elegant lace gown by sarah burton for alexander mcqueen . the intricate lace appliqué bodice and sleeves of catherine 's dress mirrored those on the wedding gown of grace kelly , who became princess grace of monaco when she married ranier iii , prince of monaco , in 1956 . chanel designer karl lagerfeldsaid of the dress : ' alexander mcqueen 's dresses are always very elegant . ' it 's very pretty , and relatively classic , but that goes with the decor , with a little touch of the 1950s that recalls marilyn monroe or queen elizabeth 's dress . ' the non-dress wedding dress . solange knowles and alan ferguson on their wedding day . when solange knowles arrived at her wedding to her video director boyfriend alan ferguson last november , she looked stunning in a cream jumpsuit , complete with a matching cape . solange is known for her bold style , so she was unlikely to have opted for a traditional gown . she wore a long caped gown by humberto leon for kenzo for the nuptials but arrived at the ceremony in a stephane rolland cream jump suit , having travelled there on a white-painted bicycle decorated with cream roses . the theme of the bash was a stylish , if unconventional affair , with all guests encouraged to wear white , including her sister beyoncé and mother tina . more and more women are opting for trouser suits or jumpsuits at weddings now , to give them freedom of movement . the boho dress . kate moss married jamie hince in 2011 . when kate moss married jamie hince in a village church in the cotswolds , she looked stunning in a vintage-style cream dress and matching floor-length veil , designed by close friend john galliano . the model showed off her slim figure in a cream bias-cut dress with sheer skirt with gold leaf embroidery and rhinestones . her head piece featured floral detailing on either side of an off-white headband and manolo blahnik designed a special pair of wedding shoes that include a blue insole as kate 's ' something blue ' . zeenat said : ' kate moss 's wedding dress was beautiful , everything from the dress to the veil and the flower girls were very boho and very unique . ' the short dress . keira knightley marries jamie righton in 2013 . keira knightley was the epitome of laid-back cool when she got married to jamie righton at the town hall in mazan , a small town around 12 miles from marseilles in 2013 . she wore a pale pink tulle chanel dress with a pink jacket and a pair of sunglasses . the dress had actually been worn by keira several times before - most memorably to the baftas in 2008 . the actress has confessed that in addition to the chanel dress , pictured , that she wore for her civil wedding in the south of france last year , she also had a custom-made £50,000 valentino dress for a secret second ceremony . she told elle magazine she decided to wear the simple chanel dress for the first ceremony because ‘ every time i’ve worn that dress , i’ve had a fantastic night and if you’ve got a dress where you’ve always had a fantastic night , it’s worth having another fantastic night in it’ . the diy dress . angelina jolie married brad pitt last august . angelina jolie and brad pitt always said that they would get married when their children asked them to . so it comes as no surprise that their six-strong brood played an integral part of their wedding day on august 23 last year at their french estate chateau miraval . indeed , the blushing bride took the unusual measure of letting her kids decorate her wedding dress , walking down the aisle in a gorgeous yet simple white satin gown and long veil that featured colourful drawings all over , created by atelier versace master tailor luigi massi , the gown featured a fitted bodice with simple thin straps , the bust complete with ruching , with a plain waist , kicking out into a flowy full skirt . luigi then hand-sewed a number of the children 's designs onto both the back of the dress and the full-length veil . ' luigi is like family to me and i could n't imagine anyone else making this dress , ' the 39-year-old bride told people magazine . ' he knows and cares for the children and it was great fun putting it together . ' the quirky wedding dress . lady mary charteris married robbie furze in 2012 . when it girl lady mary charteris married rock musician robbie furze , she opted for an eye-popping design that made sure she stood out from the crowd . the aristocratic model chose a dress designed by pam hogg - who just so happens to have dressed lady gaga . unsurprisingly , the odd garment was certainly something that gaga would be proud of . lady mary wore the eye-catching gown , complete with tulle skirt , floral headpiece and vertiginous heels , as she tied the knot to rock musician robbie furze , frontman of the big pink . the blonde star certainly had the figure for the creation which featured cutaway detail and sheer sleeves . she wore her hair down in a loose wave and completed her look with a long veil and a chunky necklace and bridal shoes by designer nicholas kirkwood . the non-white dress . jessica biel married justin timberlake in 2010 . when jessia biel married justin timberlake she wore a bold pink wedding dress . jessica , looked stunning for her happy day in a custom-made giambattista valli haute couture gown - shunning traditional white or ivory for a beautiful petal pink colour . she teamed the strapless gown with a matching ethereal cathedral-length veil , clutching a bouquet of white flowers as she beamed for the camera . jessica is n't alone in snubbing white gowns for her big day , reece witherspoon , anne hathaway and shenae grimes have all opted for dresses that were colourful .