second-hand car dealer neil tuckett has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford 's famous model t . despite his newest models being nearly 90 years old , the businessman , from buckinghamshire , is selling one every week , including to the tv and film industry who have used then in shows such as downton abbey . mr tuckett says his customers love the model t - the first affordable mass-produced car - because they do n't require need road tax or an mot and are cheaper to maintain than a modern car , with each one selling for around £10,000 . scroll down for video . toot : second-hand car dealer neil tuckett ( pictured ) has turned his back on the modern vehicle and only sells henry ford 's famous model t . top of the range : this 1914 model is £24,750 and is one of around one a week sold by the buckinghamshire dealer . yours for £13,500 : this 1917 model t is on the market and like all the classic cars they do n't require road tax or a mot . back to basics : some of the vehicles need to have their headlamps lit by match , left , and right are the rudimentary pedals for braking , accelerating and changing gear . but with a top speed of 45mph - if going downhill with a following wind - drivers can not get anywhere very fast and some of his pre-1915 model have gas headlights still lit by a match . mr tuckett , 58 , has customers who use them as wedding cars and even one that is used as a hearse . he discovered his passion for the model when he got a call from his great uncle , john brazil , asking him to accompany him on the london to brighton commercial run - an event for historic commercial vehicles . he had a model t van , previously used for transporting sausages and pies to london , and neil had driven it once in a field before he got behind the wheel in hyde park for the event . he continued maintaining the vehicle afterwards and his great uncle left the van to him when he died . the agricultural engineer started his own business in 1984 but when the work dried up a few years later , his team turned their attention to model ts.. . now they struggle to keep up with the demand at his garage in north marston , buckinghamshire , and sell the cars for around £10,000 each . neil has about six himself and goes touring in them with other fans of the car .  model t . made . 1908-1927 . price ( from ) . £125 . top speed . 45mph ( if going downhill with a following wind ) . acceleration ( 0-60 ) not possible . number of gears . 3 ( 2 forward , 1 reverse ) . added features . none .  seating capacity . 2-7 . wheelbase . 100 '' . engine type . 4 cylinder , 4 cycle , internal combustion gasoline engine . horsepower . 20 . steering . not power-assisted . mpg ( miles per gallon ) . 20-25 . fuel tank capacity . 10 gallons . weight . 1,200lbs . 2015 ford fiesta . made . 2015 . price ( from ) . £13,965 . top speed . 120mph . acceleration ( 0-60 ) 9.3 seconds . number of gears . 6 ( 5 forward , 1 reverse ) . added features . air conditioning ; beverage holders ; cd player ; am/fm radio ; rear window defroster ; mp3 decoder . seating capacity . 5 . wheelbase . 98 '' . engine type . 1.6l . horsepower . 120 . steering . power-assisted . mpg ( miles per gallon ) . 28 . fuel tank capacity . 12.4 gallons . weight . 2,578lbs . neil said : ' we 're a niche market specialist and i 've got about 100 years of man experience of model ts with my team . ' we do about one a week , 50 a year . they 're coming in here as fast as i can fix them . there 's about 3,000 in the uk and we look after a good proportion of those . ' it was a very popular car . at one point , half the cars in the world were model ts . they 're affordable , usable and repairable , even though they are 100 years old . ' it 's more leisurely than a modern car . its cruising speed is 30mph , at 40mph you 're starting to rattle and to hit 45mph you 'd have to be going downhill with the wind behind you . ' but it 's cheaper to maintain than a modern car . the insurance costs about £50 a year , you do n't need road tax or an mot and there are no major expenses . alternative forecourt : business is booming at neil tuckett 's time warp garage in the heart of rural buckinghamshire . meticulous : mr tuckett sources his ford spares from all over the globe and carefully puts the machines back together again . behind the wheel : the second-hand car dealer says that beauty of the model is how simple and enjoyable it is to drive . sales pitch : mr tuckett says : ' they 're like a giant meccano set really , and so beautifully simple and reliable they just wo n't let you down . you also do n't require road tax or and mot ' . ' there 's probably 20 companies in the world making new parts for the model t and about 80 per cent of model ts are new parts now , but they do n't make new chassis . ' the main source of original parts is america , 14million were built there . the parts are all affordable and there 's no electrics so little to go wrong . ' and everyone seems to remember them , they know what a model t is . that 's quite surprising after 100 years , it 's an iconic car . ' they 're lots of fun . i 'm about to go to scotland with a model t4 group - there 's ten of us touring for a week in the outer hebrides . ' i 've seen a lot of the uk that i would never have seen if i was n't driving an old car . ' thing of beauty : the model t is an icon , but with a top speed of 45mph - if going downhill with a following wind - drivers can not get anywhere very fast . germans may have invented the petrol engine , but it was henry ford , a michigan-irish farmer used his genius to realise its social potential . ford said he had to invent his ‘ gasoline buggy’ to escape the crushing boredom of his own life on the farm in the united states . the model t was made from 1908 to 1927 and is generally regarded as the first affordable car . in total more than 15million were made . the first model ts were fairly expensive , about £500 . but by the early 1920s , when millions were being produced , the price had dropped to about £125 , which was roughly equivalent to the average annual wage . ford was obsessed with efficiency : his production lines were inspired by the meat-packing yards of chicago and it became the first mass produced car in the united states . his famous decree that customers could choose ‘ any colour so long as it is black’ was not to limit consumer choice , but to reduce costs . in ford’s day , freshly painted cars were left in the sun to dry . black dried more quickly and was thus cheaper . by 1914 , a model t could be manufactured in 93 minutes and spare parts were all available through the sears roebuck mail-order catalogue for drivers to install themselves . 