with just a bird , a gas lamp and a net , each morning , fisherman in china keep a special , thousand year old tradition alive . sailing peacefully across a river , the men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method , which was first practiced in 960 ad . the men , pictured in southern china , release a cormorant bird , which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp , returning it to the fisherman 's reed raft . with just a bird , a gas lamp and a net , each morning , fishermen in china keep a special , thousand year old tradition alive . the stunning images were captured on the river li in guilin , china , by a russian photographer called viktoriia rogotneva . the 45-year-old , from st petersburg , was captivated upon visiting the fishermen in the town . ' every fishermen has a reed raft , a few trained cormorants and a small source of light - usually a kerosene lamp , ' he said . ' in the morning the fishermen go to the river and let the cormorants go . the birds are very hungry and dive into the water to catch big carp . ' sailing peacefully across the river , the men men fish without the aid of a rod with this unusual method , first practiced in 960 ad . a man releases a cormorant bird , which then dives into the water and retrieves a carp , returning it to the fisherman 's reed raft . the fishermen quite literally just take the carp right out of the bird 's mouth after the hungry animals return with their haul . these breathtaking early morning images were captured by 45-year-old viktoriaa rogotneva from st petersburg , russia . ' the cormorants then return to the surface of the water , and the fishermen take the fish right out the bird 's beak , ' rogotneva added . the elderly fishermen of guiliin spend between two and three hours on the lake each every morning , and while cormorant fishing only produces about 4kg of carp per day , the men are determined to keep this special practice alive . to control the birds , the fishermen tie a ring near the base of the bird 's throat , which prevents them from swallowing any large fish , but allows them to eat smaller fish with no discomfort . the images were all shot on the river li in guilin , china , which is in the southern part of the country . heading out in the dawn 's light , each man is equipped only with a reed raft , a few trained cormorants and a small kerosene light source . the elderly fishermen spend anywhere between two to three hours per day on the lake , despite the low yields from cormorant fishing . on average , the men will only produce about 4kg of carp per day , but are still determined to keep this beautiful practice alive = this fishermen bring up the birds from when they are tiny chicks , so the cormorant is more of a pet than a hunter . this way of fishing is ' absolutely ecologically safe , ' says rogotneva , who insists that the fishermen catch only as much as they need . rogotneva said : ' these fishermen bring up their birds from when they are very small chicks , so you can almost call the cormorant a pet , like you would a dog . ' it is an absolutely ecologically safe way of fishing . every fisherman just catches as much as he needs for his family and they are never greedy . ' i really enjoy looking for these unusual moments , they make for beautiful photos . '