sacked : peter gale was dismissed by nonsuch high school for girls in surrey two weeks ago . the male headmaster of a leading all-girls’ grammar school has been sacked after sending a series of private emails to a teenage pupil , the mail on sunday can reveal . peter gale , 47 , was dismissed by nonsuch high school for girls in surrey for ‘ unprofessional and inappropriate conduct’ two weeks ago . at the time of the announcement , the school’s governors failed to release any more details . however , an investigation by this newspaper has discovered that mr gale – who became the academy’s first male head when he was appointed to the post 18 months ago – sent informal emails over a period of months to the sixth-form pupil , including messages written at night and during the holidays . school rules strictly forbid teachers sending messages to pupils from private email accounts . the cheam academy has described mr gale’s actions a ‘ serious breach of safeguarding procedures’ . despite this , the national union of teachers appeared to play down the seriousness of his conduct . in a statement to the mail on sunday , the union implied mr gale’s actions only amounted to a breach of the school’s information and communications technology rules . the governors – who began their investigation following a tip-off – are said to have been ‘stunned’ by the nut statement . the specialist science college and languages school , which counts singer katie melua and olympic gold medallist joanna rowsell among its alumni , passed judgment on mr gale at an internal disciplinary hearing earlier this month , ruling he had broken rules in place to prevent personal communications between staff and pupils . it is understood this was in breach of guidance telling teachers never to use a private email account to send messages to pupils , partly for their own protection . the school has refused to reveal the precise content of the emails , but it is understood they were informal and read like text messages . it is believed there were also concerns about the way mr gale , the former deputy headmaster of all-girl rosebery school in nearby epsom , had treated the student differently from other pupils . mr gale , who is understood to be unmarried and who lives in godalming , surrey , declined to comment directly to the mail on sunday . messages : an investigation by the mail on sunday has revealed it was a series of ' informal ' emails to a sixth form pupil which led to his dismissal from the specialist science college ( pictured ) . alumni : former pupils include kate melua ( pictured ) and olympic gold medallist joanna rowsell . but a statement sent to this newspaper , released by the nut’s london regional secretary bob stapley , said : ‘ the alleged misconduct related to communication with a student which breached the school’s policy on the accepted use of ict [ information and communications technology ] . ‘ mr gale accepted he had breached the school’s policy and that as headmaster he had responsibility for ensuring he and other staff acted in accordance with the policy . defence : the nut have said : ' mr gale vehemently denies he behaved inappropriately towards any student and no such finding was made ' . pictured : the school 's motto . ‘ mr gale vehemently denies he behaved inappropriately towards any student and no such finding was made . mr gale appreciates that this placed governors in a difficult situation given that rumours could have a negative effect upon the reputation of the school . ’ the statement added he was considering whether to appeal against ‘ the severity of the sanction imposed by the disciplinary panel’ . chairman of governors , tony hyams-parish , said in a letter to parents this month : ‘ the governing body has terminated peter gale’s employment at nonsuch high school for girls due to serious breaches in applying safeguarding procedures and instances of unprofessional and inappropriate conduct . ‘ this was not an easy decision , especially because we recognise that since peter’s appointment there have been many positive changes within the school led by peter and the senior leadership team . ‘ however , the governing body and staff take their safeguarding responsibilities towards students very seriously and , importantly , any breaches of safeguarding procedures , and have therefore acted promptly to address these matters . ’ carol dickie , the school’s bursar , said the education of the 1,200 pupils would be unaffected by the sacking , despite it coming just weeks before gcse and a-level exams . 