democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton enjoyed some downtime with husband bill on saturday afternoon , taking a stroll near their chappaqua , new york , home . meanwhile , her two ' scooby ' campaign vans got some tlc of their own at a local body shop , where they were also hand washed . the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary 's bearing the clinton foundation logo- and matching dark blue shirts as they soaked in the sun and walked hand-in-hand through a nearby park . mrs clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire , where she 'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon . she 'll participate in another tomorrow morning at a community college during her two-day swing through the granite state . scroll down for videos . exclusive : hilary clinton and husband bill go for a stroll while holding hands in a park in chappaqua , new york . the aspiring leader of the free world and her husband were spotted wearing blue ball caps - hillary 's bearing the clinton foundation logo - and matching dark blue polo shirts as they soaked in the sun . check-up : the scooby vans had made the 1,000 miles trip back from iowa since hillary flew home commercial last week . sparkling : the secret of keeping the scooby fleet immaculate is regular washing . tune-up : clinton 's presidential campaign prepared to hit the road again on saturday , taking the two armored scooby vans to a car shop for inspection . mrs. clinton will hit the campaign trail again today in new hampshire , where she 'll hold a round table at a family-owned business this afternoon . clinton is seen here on saturday , walking with her secret service agent . she 's currently on a two-day swing through the granite state . clinton starts the second leg of her endeavor to win the vote of ' everyday ' americans on the heels of a news report showing she makes more money for an hour 's worth of work than the country 's top ceos . the former secretary of state was banking $ 300,000 for paid appearances before she ditched the speaking circuit for an offensive on the white house . the average ceo 's hourly rate is $ 54,213 , the washington examiner , pointed out . she makes more on the days she 's paid a premium to give remarks than big wigs of the likes of ralph lauren , kinder morgan energy partners co-founder richard kinder and former vornado president and ceo michael fascitelli . taken in the context of a full work week , though , clinton 's rate drops far below what corporate heads are hauling in . she receives checks for just over a tenth of what america 's highest paid ceo , john hammergren of medical supply company mckesson corporation , earns in a week . bill joined her for the outing and walked alongside her with his secret service agent . first scooby tour : vans made return trip after hillary left on wednesday and were in chappaqua on saturday . a multimillionaire who has spent the better part of the last two and a half decades living in washington , d.c. and new york , clinton has struggled to shed her image as an up-tight politician who cares more about winning the keys to the kingdom , so to speak , than she does boosting blue collar workers . the negative connotations kept clinton her from beating barack obama in 2008 and already threatening to wreck her second attempt at the nation 's highest elected office . while driving with one of her aides from new york to iowa for a first round of campaigning last week , the two women stopped off at chipotle for lunch . they work dark sunglasses , kept quiet and went unrecognized . it took security camera footage to prove they were ever there . once in iowa , clinton 's campaign vetted and planted fans of the democrat in a coffee shop it knew she would make an unannounced stop at and hold what appeared at the time to be an impromptu round table discussion . the back-to-back incidents were widely panned as further proof that clinton is out-of-touch . clinton skipped the long ride home and returned via commercial aircraft . she sat in the coach section , though , and was photographed dragging around her own luggage . weekend outing : hillary was n't the only one spending time with her husband . huma abedin , her closest aide , was with her husband anthony weiner , notorious for sabotaging his own political career by sending explicit pictures . the couple ignored the chance to go to chipotle , two doors down from this new york taco restaurant . brush-up : meanwhile , the two rest of the enoturage for the vans she 's been riding around in got some tlc at a local car wash . car wash : the vehicles were also washed by hand . clinton skipped the long ride home last week from iowa and returned via commercial aircraft . she 'll make the short drive from new york to new hampshire in her motorcade today , however . closely-guarded : the hillary motorcade includes these - now sparkling - chevy suburbans .