crime victims seeking emergency help are waiting up to 50 per cent longer for assistance compared with three years ago with response times increasing by an extra couple of minutes . analysis of home office figures show that in areas such as bedfordshire as well as devon and cornwall , response times are now at least 50 per cent longer than they were three years ago . in essex and kent , crime victims are waiting up to a third longer for a response . police response times in some areas have been increased by up to 50 per cent because of funding cuts . labour 's shadow home secretary yvette cooper , pictured , claimed the victims of crime were being put at risk . according to figures released to the labour party under the freedom of information act , across england and wales , average 999 response times have increased by 17 percent . in bedfordshire the average response time has increased from seven to 11 minutes . crime victims in cambridgeshire and south wales wait on average 14 minutes . shadow home secretary yvette cooper said : '999 waits have gone up significantly for the most serious emergencies and that means victims are being put at risk . ' this is the direct consequence of of tory police cuts , yet now they want to go even further . ' in an effort to reduce the pressure on the 999 system , the government introduced a 101 number to report less urgent crimes such as antisocial behaviour , drug dealing , car theft and petty vandalism . the number of police officers across england and wales has fallen by 17,000 since 2009 with several forces planning even more extreme reductions . the metropolitan police is one of the only forces in the country which has been able to keep front-line officer numbers at earlier levels . steve white , chairman of the police federation of england and wales said : ' what we are seeing are the dangers of the governemnt cutting the police budgets so harshly over the last five years . it can come as no surprise that victims of crime are now having to wait significantly longer for police help to arrive . ' there are now 17,000 fewer officers and 17,000 fewer police staff around - what does the government expect to happen ? ' cuts have consequences and the politicians must start backing the police service . otherwise , despite the best efforts of officers , victims of crime are going to have to wait longer and longer for police attention . ' however , the home office dismisses the criticism claiming that crime levels are continuing to fall .