chelsea do consider their sponsorship interests when the club buys a new player but the blues would never sign someone who is n't good enough , insists manager jose mourinho . the west london club , who agreed a £200million sponsorship deal with japanese tyre manufacturers yokohama rubber in february , are believed to have made an offer for fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto . the 22-year-old international would be the first japanese player to sign for chelsea if he completes a move to stamford bridge this summer , although mourinho is adamant that commercial deals would never fully dictate his transfer policy . fc tokyo forward yoshinori muto ( centre ) brings the ball forward against albirex niigata in march . fc tokyo president naoki ogane claims that chelsea have made a bid for japan international muto . jose mourinho admits that chelsea do consider commercial deals when signing new players . asked about muto in his pre-match press conference ahead of sunday 's game against qpr , mourinho said : ' i know a little about him . i do n't think it is nice for me to talk about a player who plays for fc tokyo . ' if a fc tokyo manager talks about my player i would n't be happy.it is not nice for me to speak about other players . ' in modern football and football is a business , an industry , you have to think about the financial situation , especially a club like chelsea that wants to be in the rules like financial fair play . ' but we want to win matches and do n't get a player unless he is a good player or a good prospect . ' fc tokyo president naoki ogane claims that chelsea have made a bid - understood to be around £4m - for muto , who has 11 caps and one goal for his country . speaking to sports nippon , ogane said : ' it is true that chelsea sent us an offer for muto . muto admits it is an ' honour ' to receive an offer from chelsea although he has not yet decided to join the club . muto , pictured in action against ventforet kofu has scored three goals in four games so far this season . the 22-year-old has a shot at goal during japan 's asian cup match against palestine in january this year . ' it is a formal offer with conditions . they want to acquire him in the summer . ' muto , who only graduated from keio university a fortnight ago after completing an economics degree , admits that he is n't sure if he will join the premier league title chasers despite being pleased with their bid . he said : ' i have not decided yet at all . it is an honour for me to receive this offer from a great club . ' asked about the influence of the yokohama rubber deal on his moves in the transfer market , mourinho said : ' that 's modern football . that 's modern management . you can not close the door completely to commercial interests . ' a football club is always a football club . we would never bring a player if the player has no capacity to be in a chelsea football club squad . ' 