ronny deila has called for caley thistle’s josh meekings to be spared a scottish cup final ban despite his controversial handball . the celtic boss admitted the 2-1 premiership victory at dundee had helped him bounce back from what he described as the toughest day of his career at hampden on sunday . but although his club’s treble ambitions were shattered as a result of the meekings’ incident in the semi-final defeat to inverness , the norwegian said it would serve no purpose for the defender to be given a retrospective suspension by the sfa . inverness defender josh meekings ' arm blocks the ball and prevents a goal to celtic on sunday . meekings has been retrospectively suspended for one match , the punishment he would have got if sent off . the fall-out from the hampden showdown has been dominated by the failure of the match officials to award a penalty after meekings blocked a goal-bound effort from leigh griffiths with his hand . caley thistle will learn today whether they have succeeded in overturning the suspension that compliance officer tony mcglennan offered earlier this week . and while celtic have written to the sfa seeking clarity over the pivotal incident , deila insisted that he hopes meekings is cleared to line up against falkirk in the final on may 30 . ‘ it does not help our situation at all and i do not think that he did it on purpose , ’ said the parkhead manager . ‘ it all happened so quickly and it is a clear handball and a red card and a penalty . ‘ i don’t think that is right for him to miss that match as you want all the best players to play in the final . i would hope that the ban would be overturned . ’ deila said he was unaware of any response from hampden to celtic’s letter but said he can understand the scale of the furore that has erupted this week . fifa vice president jim boyce yesterday waded in to the debate to strongly criticise the sfa’s decision to charge meekings . ‘ it is a huge thing as we are talking about the treble here and the scottish cup semi-final when we were 1-0 up , ’ added deila . fifa 's head of referees jim boyce says the suspension of a player for an unpunished handball is wrong . inverness is appealing the ruling that , if upheld , will deny meekings ( right ) a place in the scottish cup final . ‘ i am trying to focus on the next game and we have performed very well since christmas and we have racked up a lot of wins and points . ’ deila admitted he had hit an all-time low after the 3-2 extra-time defeat to john hughes’ side last sunday . but he had his spirits restored at dens park last night as goals from gary mackay-steven and virgil van dijk secured victory over dundee , who struck a late consolation through jim mcalister . the result pushed celtic closer to the premiership title as they hold an eight-point lead over aberdeen with just five games to go . ‘ it was the toughest day of my career on sunday , ’ reflected deila . ‘ i have to admit that . it was very tough . meekings ( right ) celebrates inverness 's 3-2 win over celtic in their scottish cup semi-final . ‘ we really wanted it and we had a very good opportunity there . so sunday and monday was very tough . but now it has gone . ‘ i just want to keep winning games and to get that league title to celtic park . then we have had a good season . ‘i’m proud of the boys tonight . i told the players that they should be very disappointed but winners bounce back . ‘ there is nothing in football for feeling sorry for yourself . whoever wins the league is the best team . if you win a title you deserve it as you’ve done it over 38 games . in a cup it’s just one game . so the league is always the most important thing . ‘ what did i do on monday ? i just stayed at home and i looked at the wall ! i watched a bit of tv as well , ’ added deila , who has been linked with a potential move for belgian under-21 central defender brandon mechele . meanwhile , dundee boss paul hartley continued the recent referee-related theme by admitting he had been irked by some of calum murray’s calls last night . ‘ there were a couple of decisions that we weren’t happy with , ’ said hartley , who saw mcalister score what proved a consolation goal in the 87th minute . ‘ some of the decisions were quite bizarre . ‘ we understand that they have a tough job in high-pressure games . we had one in the first half and the referee gave offside and the linesman didn’t . he made a mistake and he admitted that to me at half-time . ‘ overall , i thought we were good . we just lacked a little cutting edge . if we had scored the goal 10 or 15 minutes previously we would have had them worried . ‘ two set-pieces have done us in . i thought we worked well , we were well organised and there was good discipline to our performance . celtic have quality throughout their team . ’  