todd kincannon , 33 , has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month . a columbia attorney and former executive director of the south carolina republican party has been arrested and charged with criminal domestic violence following an incident involving his wife last month . todd kincannon , 33 , was arrested and booked into the lexington county detention center on monday evening . a bond hearing is scheduled for tuesday . an arrest warrant alleges that kincannon 's wife , ashely griffith , told deputies that he grabbed her arm during a march 26 argument in their car , ' squeezing it tightly , thus preventing her from exiting the vehicle . ' griffith told police kincannon threatened to kill her , himself and her family during the incident – threats he is accused of having made previously . ' it should be noted ashely was trembling as she wrote her statement , ' the report said . according to kincannon , he ' accidentally overdosed ' on the prescription drug benzonatate – which he says he was taking to deal with an upper respiratory infection . an arrest warrant alleges that kincannon 's wife , ashely griffith , told deputies that he threatened to kill her , himself and her family during the incident – threats the lawyer is accused of having made previously also . ' basically , i went completely crazy after taking it , ' kincannon told the city paper two days after the incident . ' i do n't even remember all of it . my wife called 911 because she was worried about me and my behavior was way out of character and erratic , and she was afraid for her safety and mine . ' in the aftermath of that statement , it emerged that griffith has more than forty-eight hours of audio recordings of her husband verbally abusing her as well as photographic evidence of possible domestic abuse , reports fits . in one clip kincannon tells griffith he will have his ' revenge ' if she leaves him , and that he will make her ' very f*cking sorry ' if she fails to follow his instructions for improving their marriage . ' now i’m going to tell you right now – i can’t survive in this f*cking environment that you create with your bad attitude and your unhappy spirit , ' kincannon said . 'i’m – i’m sick of it and i’m done with it . and i want to make very clear to you – i don’t give a sh*t about you , or about any of the sh*t in your life . i don’t give a sh*t about all your f*cking divorce threats . you have pushed me so far down the hole that i don’t care any more . ' kincannon , who refers to himself as the ' honey badger of american politics ' , has gained a reputation on twitter for sending inflammatory tweets that have regularly left him open to accusations of racism and sexism . kincannon , who refers to himself as the ' honey badger of american politics ' , has gained a reputation on twitter for sending inflammatory tweets that have regularly left him open to accusations of racism and sexism . last september in the wake of the nfl scandal about ray rice brutally knocking out janay palmer , kincannon tweeted that she deserved it . ' i hope the dumb *itch who initiated physical violence with her nfl player fiance leanred a good lesson when he justifably beat her ass , ' he tweeted . kincannon , who has always refused to apologise for his provocative tweets , appears to have deleted his twitter account in the wake of his recent arrest . 