a cake-making prodigy is set to be the next mary berry as she prepares to publish her second cookbook . amy-beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at the age of three and landed her first book deal with her recipe collection amy 's baking year at just 14 . her second , all about entertaining , is now firmly in the works but the teenager has her sights set even higher - with plans to launch her own baking products and even become a tv chef . already baking at five years old amy-beth ( left ) is pictured with sister lara-jayne , 10 . amy-beth started baking at three-years-old and published her first cookbook , amy 's baking year , at age 13 . amy-beth most recently hosted a cupcake-making class in harrods , london . britain 's youngest published baker , who counts pixie lott and katherine jenkins among her fans , delighted a crowd with her recent demonstration . she then signed copies of her debut cookbook in the toy kingdom department for thrilled shoppers . amy-beth also has a regular column in ok ! magazine and continues to supply other publications with tips and recipes . the keen cook , who attends newhall school in chelmsford full-time , makes bespoke baked goods to order in her spare time , during summer holidays and half term . but it seems the talented young baker gets it all from her mother gillian , who taught amy and her other daughter lara-jayne , 22 , how to make cakes . amy gets decorating as she shows onlookers how to perfect cupcakes at a london presentation . the young cook pictured with fans at her harrods book signing and cupcake masterclass . amy picked up a particular knack for baking and continued to experiment until she soon took full control of the kitchen and the entertaining . gillian told mailoline : ' when she was little amy showed an interest and passion , as i did when i was a child , in cooking and baking . ' she watched me cook all meals and bake birthday cakes for many members of our family from scratch . ' i always preferred to make my own cakes as i knew exactly what was going in them , they tasted nicer and they were ( and still are ) much appreciated . ' amy soon wanted to venture out on her own and at aged 12 she asked if she could bake her sister lara-jayne 's cake for her 17th birthday . ' i had planned a simple chocolate sponge cake but amy , being more adventurous , single-handedly created a two-tiered cake covered in roll-out fondant icing . ' she then decorated it with heart shaped biscuits on sticks , which later became a recipe in her book ( lollipop biscuits ) . ' she has quite literally surpassed me in the kitchen , a fact that i 'm both proud and amazed at . ' it is sometimes hard to get into the kitchen now as amy is often experimenting with recipes , baking for charity cake sales , or helping preparing for a party or event we are organising . ' her inventive bakes are remarkable for her age . amy designed and made a pony-themed cake for a teacher at age 12 . at age 14 she was commissioned by another teacher to make a three-tiered lace effect wedding cake . she finally baked it in chocolate at age 16 using carrot , pineapple and lemon flavours . a mini oven at christmas could certainly have helped ignite amy 's passion for cake making . when she was little amy showed an interest and passion in cooking and baking . amy launched a cupcake and cake business at age 13 with the help of her mother , as they both thought they could make better cakes than what was already out there . the teenager said : ' i made cupcakes for regular clients as well as celebrity functions and after parties and it grew from there . ' after having seven of my recipes published in a national newspaper weekend supplements , i approached a few publishers with a mock-up of the ideas i had for my book and got the book deal at age 14 . ' her book , amy 's baking year , features recipes themed around the four seasons and occasions such as for mother 's day , easter , halloween and christmas . amy launched a cupcake and cake business at age 13 with the help of her mother gillian , as they both thought they could make better cakes than what was already out there . this catapulted amy into the limelight of the baking world and opened up multiple doors for her . from cute cupcakes , french macarons , cookies , tarts and classic sponge cakes , to sticky puddings , jams and gingerbread - plus amy 's highly sought after ' perfect cupcake ' recipe - there is an indulgent treat to suit every occasion . with a focus on family , the recipes are designed for both seasoned bakers and young enthusiasts . amy 's baking year features amy 's selected easy-to-follow recipes themed around the four seasons . the beautifully illustrated book also features tips on the perfect decoration and setting for each bake . she says : ' i have been brought up cooking and baking by my mum who is also a talented home cook and baker , as were her parents who both worked in catering . ' a few of the recipes in the book such as my grandad 's coconut ice , and aunty lynn 's fudge have been passed down to amy from members of her family . she continues : ' while i was at home experimenting with recipes my friends were spending their time on social media . ' it was something that i was passionate about so really enjoyed spending my time focusing on it . ' i think it 's important that we return to traditional values and that what i try to get across through my cooking . ' the art of cooking and eating healthily is important to me , so i 'm very conscious of the ingredients i cook with , but i think we 're becoming too calorie obsessed . that being said i try not to eat everything i bake . ' she is juggling her lucrative cooking career around studying for her a-levels in english literature , art and music . ' the school i attend does n't offer cookery as an a level . i hope to go on to train at le cordon bleu in the future after i have finished school . ' amy says she hopes to have her next cookbook themed around entertaining on bookshelves nationwide by 2017 .