a woman is set to marry after falling in love with the driver who crashed into her car while she was parked waiting for her husband to return . ranette afonso , 42 , will marry marko conte , 30 , this october after they fell head over wheels in love and moved in together within two months of the fateful bump . ranette , from north london , who has a 21-year-old son and 18-year-old daughter with the husband from whom she is now divorced , said : ' i was waiting for my husband , who had popped into the bank , when i noticed a sporty nissan skyline trying to squeeze into a tiny space behind me . ranette afonso , 42 ( right ) , is set to marry marko conte , 30 ( left ) , in october after they met thanks to a car accident in august 2013 . ranette ( pictured left ) was married at the time of the accident , but her and marko ( pictured right ) began dating shortly after her marriage ended . ' i felt a massive thud and i knew a car had crashed into me - i was fuming . ' when marko stepped out i was angry with him for being so careless . the car is his pride and joy so we spent a few minutes arguing with each other about who was to blame . ' at the same time , i found him really attractive and as we swapped insurance and contact details - i could somehow tell the feeling was mutual . ' ranette 's 20-year marriage was already coming to an end by the time marko unexpectedly came into her life at the end of august 2013 . ranette , a laywer , said : ' we had been together for a long time , but we had reached the end of our marriage . we both knew it . ' as i drove back home with my husband beside me i could n't get marko out of my mind . five days after the incident i sent him an email asking how is bumper was and , before i knew it , we were texting each other regularly . marko 's car suffered notable damage after crashing into ranette 's parked car back in august 2013 . after the accident , the pair exchanged insurance and contact details and began to text regularly . ' i soon discovered that we had so much in common and , as things were not going so well between my husband , i found myself drifting closer and closer towards marko . ' two days later marko was surprised when ranette sent him a text telling him she had suddenly split from her husband . marko , a car hire company owner , invited her to stay with him while she made arrangements for her new life . he said : ' it was completely unexpected . after she arrived on my doorstep we had one of the best weekends of my life . ' there was so much passion between us - i knew we had a connection . we're both passionate people . ' ranette eventually moved in with her sister but still saw marko frequently on dates . and they continued sending each other flirty texts using the contact numbers they had swapped for insurance purposes . lawyer ranette afonso , 42 ( pictured ) was married at the time of the accident , but had been growing apart from her first husband of 20 years . on the couple 's third date , marko ( pictured left ) surprised ranette ( pictured right ) by asking her to marry him . on their third date , just two months after the smash , marko surprised ranette by asking her to marry him . she said : ' we were having an incredible time in the nightclub and then - when i least expected it - marko popped the big question and asked me to marry him . ' my initial response was ' did he actually say that ? ' i thought that he was trying to see my reaction . ' but when i discovered that it was a genuine proposal , i did n't think twice about saying `` yes '' . ' sometimes you just know when something feels right and that was definitely one of those moments . ' wild ride : ranette is pictured sitting in the very same car that marko crashed , which underwent a green paint-job following the accident . the pair moved in together in october 2013 and ranette 's divorce from her ex-husband was finalised two months later . she said : ' my close family want me to be happy so they have supported my decision to marry marko . ' my friends thought i was crazy - particularly as it happened so fast - but now they understand . ' marko said : ' everything has happened so quick . it 's been such a crazy ride . at first i thought it was going to be casual but i am glad that we're now engaged . the happy pair , from edmonton green , north london , were engaged just two months after the car accident and are hoping to get married this october . ' we have found something really special . ' ranette said : ' i am so happy that marko crashed in to me on that day . ' both of our birthdays are in october so we 're hoping that we can get married then . ' it will be the first time for me to finally meet marko 's family from italy so it will definitely be an exciting occasion . ' he said : ' we have n't made any honeymoon plans just yet but we are planning to travel the world , from italy to south africa . '