a woman who lost more than three stone in six months by using gastric band hypnosis was mistaken for her husband 's new lover by his amazed colleagues . andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , transformed her appearance leaving her almost unrecognisable to friends and family . the mother-of-one shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app and dropped from a size 18 to a size ten to 12 in half a year . andrea lindsay , 43 , from prescot , merseyside , shed more than three stone using an hypnosis app . andrea hit her target weight in december 2014 , shrinking from 14st to around 10st 5lb , before dying her bright blonde locks dark brown . and the bank worker received a curious compliment when her husband 's colleagues thought robbie had traded his wife in for a younger , slimmer model at a christmas party when they failed to recognise her . andrea said : ' i hit my target weight in december and we went to my husband 's work party . a couple we knew walked in so i waved and said hello to them but they seemed really off with me . ' i thought they must have had an argument or something but we found out later that they did n't recognise me - they thought rob had traded me in for a newer model . ' after losing the weight and dying my hair , they just did n't recognise me and thought that rob had brought another woman with him ! ' they had no idea who i was and had asked their friends where andrea from last year was and why i was n't with rob . ' andrea , pictured here with her husband robbie , says she 'd tried every fad diet . after her transformation her husband 's colleagues thought robbie had traded his wife in for a younger , slimmer model at a christmas party . ' andrea says : ' people i have known for years have walked past me in the street as well and just ignored me . i did n't even think i looked that different . ' the brunette says she has struggled with her weight all her life and says she 'd tried every fad diet with little success ever since she reached a size 16/18 in her early teens . andrea 's new diet plan . breakfast : porridge . lunch : soup and a sandwich . tea : chilli with rice , cheese , and bread . mid-morning : ( as soon as i feel hungry ) bowl of soup or a salad . evening ( as soon as i feel hungry ) - a small bowl of chilli with cheese , bread or salad . but after she discovered easy loss ' virtual gastric band - lose weight fast app , she has never looked back and said she still listens to the hypnosis sessions twice a day . the £4.99 app is designed to teach people to use their common sense when it comes to eating , rather than sticking to rules and restrictions , and just eating when they are hungry . andrea said : ' as far back as i can remember , i have been overweight . andrea says she 'd had little success with weight loss ever since she reached a size 16/18 in her teens . but seeing as she never had any health issues she did n't really do anything about her weight . she says she always said she never wanted to be fat and 40 , but got to 43 and was ' still fat ' . ' i tried absolutely everything - fad diets , cutting out food - but nothing ever worked . i would stick at it for a few weeks then just lose interest . there were too many rules and restrictions . ' i think because i never had any health issues i did n't really do anything about it . i always said i never wanted to be fat and 40 , but i got to 43 and was still fat . ' it was n't until i started doing hot yoga that i realised i was dissatisfied with myself , so i started looking for something to help me relax and that is when i found easy loss - it was just a complete fluke . ' andrea says : ' the ethos of my new lifestyle is that i do n't stick to traditional meal times ! i eat whenever i 'm hungry , as soon as i 'm hungry and stop eating as soon as i 'm no longer hungry . ' if we went out for breakfast before i would have a fry up , now i have something lighter like eggs benedict . ' andrea is now preparing for a luxury two week getaway with husband robbie , 45 , to mexico , and ca n't wait to show off her new bikini body on the beach . she said : ' i go away on saturday and this is the first time i have actually felt body confident . i 've spent £700 on a new holiday wardrobe , and i ca n't wait to wear everything . ' i got my old holiday clothes out and everything was just falling off me - i just ca n't believe now that i was ever that big . the difference is massive . after she started doing hot yoga she realised she was dissatisfied and that is when she found easy loss . ' i have three younger sisters and i have always been the fat one . they always shared each other 's clothes and i could never do that , until now . they are amazed at the difference too . ' since easy loss i eat a better balance and variety of food , a lot healthier . but we still have takeaways on a friday , i do n't feel deprived at all . ' it has changed my mind-set completely , it is n't a weight loss programme more a common sense set of guidelines to follow . my husband has started listening to it now as well . ' sue peckham , co-creator of virtual gastric band - lose weight fast app said : ' andrea has done so well with our app and we 're all thrilled for her . she is a real inspiration and a gold member of our easyloss facebook group . ' her support and advice is a great help and really appreciated by other group members . we 're really grateful for all she does to help other app users to achieve their weight loss goals . ' the £4.99 app is designed to teach people to use their common sense when it comes to eating . rather than restriction herself , andrea - pictured with new clothes - has just been eating when she 's hungry .