ferrari team principal maurizio arrivabene has revealed to using a carrot-and-stick method with kimi raikkonen to keep his desire to remain with the maranello marque high . with lewis hamilton yet to sign his new contract as he negotiates the finer details with mercedes , it has been suggested that the 30-year-old will replace raikkonen at ferrari for next season . the finn , however , has arguably never been happier during his formula one career courtesy of the atmosphere generated within the team by the arrival of the charismatic arrivabene . lewis hamilton celebrates his victory at the bahrain grand prix ahead of the ferrari of kimi raikkonen . raikkonen shakes hands with hamilton in parc ferme after finishing behind the race winner in bahrain . last week arrivabene urged raikkonen to raise his game in the wake of an indifferent start to the campaign , certainly compared with team-mate sebastian vettel . in sunday 's bahrain grand prix , raikkonen did exactly that , finishing on the podium for the first time in 26 grands prix as runner-up to hamilton . the performance naturally resulted in arrivabene being asked as to raikkonen 's chances of staying , given he has an option on his deal for next year , but also whether ferrari were interested in hamilton . arrivabene said : ' does lewis hamilton call you ? because he never calls me . every driver here in the paddock wants to drive for ferrari , this is normal , even guys that were quite a lot of the time world champion . ' i 'm happy with the drivers we have , but this does not mean i am going to sign with kimi tomorrow . nico rosberg duels for position with sebastian vettel heading into turn 1 during sunday 's race in bahrain . raikkonen , the 2007 world champion , celebrates his first podium finish since the 2013 korean grand prix . ' we are very clear , i repeat again : i said to kimi , ' look , it depends on your performance ' and he has demonstrated he 's a great driver . ' so if you ask me now `` does he deserve to renew the option ? '' i am going to say yes . but if i am going to say yes , i do n't want the driver to fall asleep . i want to keep him awake . kimi is at his best when he is in a bit in trouble . this is a psychological approach . so the paper ( the contract ) at the moment is white . sometimes i have to take the pen , then take it back . ' raikkonen produced his best performance of the season to finish second behind hamilton . although raikkonen managed to split mercedes duo hamilton and nico rosberg , with vettel down in fifth , it was not the result practice had suggested as ferrari appeared stronger on long-run pace than mercedes . arrivabene knows ferrari still have plenty of work to do if they are to keep pace with mercedes on a regular basis . ' we put together an aggressive strategy , which is exactly what we discussed , ' added arrivabene . ' we recognise the gap we have to mercedes , so the only way is to be aggressive , even though at this stage you can make a mistake if you are aggressive . ' if one day we are able to catch them , of course the strategy must be put together in a way that is a bit different . '