his pristine white uniform was the epitome of buttoned-up respectability . but that was prince harry’s only nod to formality yesterday as he began his month-long visit down under . indeed , the playful royal larked around like a true larrikin . he laughed and joked with wellwishers . he offered handshakes and high fives . and he gurned like a good-un , making himself an instant hit with younger fans . prince harry was greeted by an enthusiastic crowd at the australian war memorial in canberra , all keen to catch a glimpse of the royal . the prince pulled funny faces at a young girl waiting in the crowd with her mother , as others snapped photos on their smartphones . ' the people 's prince ' continued to show off his playful side , high-fiving a young boy who was waiting behind a barricade . the prince is in australia to report for official military duty but he enjoyed his interaction with excited fans . prince harry has declared ' selfies are bad ' during his visit to the australian capital of canberra as revellers scrambled to get a piece of the royal on their camera phones . the prince spent 20 minutes chatting and posing for photographs for crowds in canberra , where he made a beeline for a youngster with a banner saying ‘ redheads rule’ . ginger-haired ethan toscan , 12 , who earned a high five from the royal after he spotted his home-made sign in the crowd , said : ‘ he said it was awesome to be a redhead . ' it was a pleasure meeting the prince and being able to shake his hand and give him a high five . i’m over the moon . ’ while harry was clearly eager to please , he didn’t go as far as agreeing to a selfie with a teenage admirer . the prince , 30 , smiled as he told the girl : ‘ no , i hate selfies ... i know you’re young , but selfies are bad . just take a normal photograph . ’ this seems to be a view shared by his grandmother , the queen , who has said she finds it ‘strange’ to be greeted by a sea of smartphones at public engagements . harry joked around with ethan after spotting his sign and walking over to chat with the 12-year-old boy . young prince harry fan ethan poses with his ' red heads rule ' poster outside canberra 's war memorial on monday . hundreds waited in the rain to see harry , who was wearing a wristband in support of his charity project the invictus games – a sports event for injured service personnel – featuring the slogan : ‘ i am the master of my fate . ’ on arrival at the australian war memorial , he laid a wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier . it is likely to be his only public engagement during a four-week attachment to the australian army , during which he is expected to train on helicopter simulators and join bush patrols in the north . harry is in the last few weeks of his service before leaving the army in june . he and prince charles will travel to turkey later this month for the anzac day dawn service at gallipoli , where commonwealth forces including a joint australian and new zealand army suffered heavy casualties during the first world war . there was a potentially awkward moment as dr brendan nelson , director of the australian war memorial , asked if harry had seen the film ‘gallipoli’ . the 1981 movie , starring mel gibson , was criticised by some historians for depicting the british as ordering waves of australian soldiers to their deaths . harry said he had not seen the film and was told : ‘it’s worth watching . ’ one woman grabbed harry 's face and leaned in for a kiss on the cheek , with the prince happily obliging . prince harry put a smile on the faces of young and the old as the enthusiastic aussies waited to greet him in the pouring canberra rain . prince harry signs the visitors ' book at the australian war memorial in canberra .  