the teenage daughter of assassinated russian opposition leader boris nemtsov has started a modelling career reportedly as a way of helping her to overcome her father 's death . dina nemtsova , 13 , made her debut in a photoshoot with russian fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto . appearing alongside her mother and nemtsov 's partner , ekaterina odintsova , 37 , the young brunette posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design . scroll down for video . debut : dina nemtsova ( left ) , the teenage daughter of assassinated russian opposition leader boris nemtsov , is pictured with her mother ekaterina odintsova in a fashion shoot after embarking on a modelling career . glamorous : dina has appeared in a photoshoot for fashion label yulia prohorova white zoloto . her mother hopes her new career will help her overcome the death of her father who was shot dead near the kremlin . ms odintsova , who runs her own pr agency , wrote on instagram : ' debut fashion shoot of my daughter dina lookbook for @ beloezoloto . ' we have been friends for years with the designer yuliya prokhorova who we 're working with and i am very grateful to her for this wonderful shoot . ' apparently referring to the trauma of losing her father , ms odintsova said of her daughter : ' i am really trying to help her to recover . ' i am trying to help her to believe in herself and i hope that this photoshoot will help her . ' dina , who reportedly enjoys reading poetry and playing rock guitar , is one of two children from the relationship with nemtsov and odintsova , the other being her 20-year-old brother anton . elegant : dina posed in red and white dresses as well as an outfit with a patterned floral design for shoot . the height of fashion : dina 's mother and nemtsov 's partner , ekaterina odnistova , says the family have been friends with designer yuliya prokhorova for years . close-knit : dina , who reportedly enjoys reading poetry and playing rock guitar , is one of two children from the relationship with nemtsov and odintsova , the other being her 20-year-old brother anton . odnistova told local media : ' i still can not get myself together . what happened is terrifying . ' our daughter is holding herself together , but anton can not believe that his father is dead . ' during the funeral , he touched boris 's body several times to make sure that he was dead . ' nemtsov , 55 , died on february 27 when he was gunned down as he walked near the kremlin with his ukrainian girlfriend anna duritskaya , 23 . according to official sources inside russia , he was shot by chechen islamic terrorists because of his support of charlie hebdo journalists that published cartoons of mohammed . but many suspect the kremlin was behind the killing because he reportedly had evidence showing russian involvement in ukraine . boris nemtsov ( pictured ) died on february 27 this year when he was gunned down as he walked near the kremlin with his ukrainian girlfriend anna duritskaya .