the highest-ranking military officer in the united states has apologized to a bereaved military mom after saying the iraqi city where he died is ' not symbolic in any way ' . general martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , sent a letter saying he regretted that he ' added to the grief ' of debbie lee , whose son marc was killed in ramadi on august 2 , 2006 . the 28-year-old , the first navy seal to die in iraq , was fatally wounded while providing covering fire from a building in the heavily-contested city . he was awarded the purple heart and silver star for his bravery . humbled : general martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , apologized to a military mother for belittling the sacrifice of her slain son . fallen hero : marc lee , right , was killed in ramadi in august 2006 . his mother debbie , left , was outraged when dempsey wrote off the city as ' not symbolic in any way ' while discussing operations against isis . dempsey had spoken dismissively of the city last week at a briefing when asked how damaging to u.s. and iraq 's military efforts it would be were the city to fall into the hands of isis . responding to a journalist 's question , he said : ' the city itself is not symbolic in any way . it hasn’t been declared the caliphate or central to iraq . ' the issue isn’t brick and mortar . it is about defeating isis . i would much rather that ramadi not fall , but it will not be the end of a campaign . ' the remarks outraged lee , who said she was shaking and reduced to tears to hear the general trivialize the city for which her son had died . in response lee , from surprise , arizona , posted an angry open letter on the website for america 's mighty warriors , a charity she set up to help servicemen and honor her son . she said : ' i am shaking and tears are flowing down my cheeks as i watch the news and listen to the insensitive , pain-inflicting comments made by you in regards to the fall of ramadi . ' ramadi was a center of al-qaeda operations in 2006 , when petty officer lee and his comrades were sent in to recapture the city , an effort which ultimately took months and saw some 80 u.s. casualties . valor : lee , who was the first navy seal to die in iraq , was posthumously awarded the silver star and purple heart . lee continued : ' my son marc lee was the first navy seal who sacrificed his life in ramadi iraq aug 2 , 2006 . his blood is still in that soil and forever will be . remember that was when so many of our loved ones were taken from us . ' rounding on dempsey later in the letter , she wrote : ' you , sir , owe an apology to the families whose loved ones blood was shed in ramadi . ramadi matters to us and is very symbolic to us . ' you need to apologize to our troops whose bodies were blown to pieces from ieds and bullet holes leaving parts and pieces behind , ramadi matters to them ... . you and this administration have minimized that ramadi could fall , now you are minimizing that it is falling , but you , sir , will not minimize the sacrifice my son marc lee made or any of our brave warriors ! ' battle : lee fell while providing covering fire for his allies in ramadi . pictured about are three iraqi soldiers and a marine fighting in the city in 2006 . lee 's message was shared widely enough that dempsey read it , prompting him to send an apology . dempsey 's reply , published tuesday by fox news , attempted to justify his remarks by saying he was explaining how the u.s. is engaged with a ' different enemy ' . he wrote : ' i 've read your letter , and i do apologize if i 've added to your grief . ' marc and so many others died fighting to provide a better future for iraq . he and those with whom he served did all that their nation asked . ' they won their fight , and nothing will ever diminish their accomplishments nor the honor in which we hold their service . ' we are in a different fight now , with a different enemy , and with a different relationship with the government of iraq . ' they must determine the path and pace of this fight . that 's what i intended to convey . ' discussing the apology with fox , lee termed it ' soft ' , but said that she does accept it . she was also expecting a phone call from him at some point today . response : debbie lee was sent the above letter from dempsey after he found her angry open letter to him .