a gay-friendly bar has shocked regular customers by coming out in favour of ukip because of its policies on the pub industry . the harewood arms in wakefield , west yorkshire , has publicly revealed its support for the right-wing party , which is running a ' save the pub ' campaign in the run up to the election . the pub , which is known for proudly flying the gay pride flag outside its premises , declared its support for nigel farage 's party over the weekend . scroll down for video . the harewood arms , a gay-friendly pub in wakefield , west yorkshire ( pictured ) , has publicly revealed its support for nigel farage 's ukip , which is running a ' save the pub ' campaign in the run up to the election . announcing the decision to support ukip , landlord matt eason wrote on facebook : ' we believe in a lot of the policies ukip stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support ' . it has left regular customers stunned and provoked a ' marmite ' reaction of divided opinions . announcing the decision to vocally-support ukip , landlord matt eason wrote on facebook : ' we believe in a lot of the policies ukip stands for regarding the pub industry and would like to let you know we show our support . ' i had a lovely chat with alan [ hazelhurst , ukip candidate for wakefield ] this week and we will be organising a few things at the pub to help the campaign and will let you all know more when we know what 's happening ! ' he added that the pub had received a ' marmite love it or hate it of reception from some people ' over the announcement - with gay regulars shocked at the pub 's ignorance of the string of homophobic comments made by some ukip candidates . one customer said : ' drinking elsewhere now . f*** this ukip . ' while another responded : ' a gay pub that supports ukip . this pub should be given a miss . ' mr eason said the harewood arms was holding a ' rally style meet and greet evening ' with mr farage 's party . he added : ' anyone offended by politics or the party in question will know about the event so if they choose not to visit the pub that night they can do just that . the pub said it had received a ' marmite love it or hate it of reception from some people ' over the declaration . nigel farage , who has been pictured many times drinking in pubs , wants to amend the smoking ban to enable clubs and pubs to make their own decision as to whether they enforce outside smoking or in a special room . ' we 've said many times we wo n't be ramming our ukip support in the face of customers you can still come in and have a normal drink in a normal pub , our view is n't to try and brainwash our customers into voting for someone they do n't want to . ' it is ukip 's ' save the pub ' campaign which has swayed the harewood arms ' support towards the right-wing party . the party believes ' not enough is being done to help the ailing pub trade ' and claims to make supporting the industry a priority if in power . in its manifesto , ukip also promises to amend the smoking ban to give pubs and clubs the choice to open properly ventilated smoking rooms which are separated from non-smoking areas . it believes an amended smoking ban will go some way to help reignite trade in pubs across the country . ukip wakefield and ukip lgbt have both praised the pub for the announcement . ukip's deputy leader paul nuttall mep is spearheading the party 's ' save the pub ' campaign . ukip has launched a ' save the pub ' campaign , spearheaded by the party 's deputy leader paul nuttall mep , in the lead up to the general election . the party believes ' not enough is being done to help the ailing pub trade ' and claims to make supporting the industry a priority if in power . in its manifesto , ukip promises to amend the smoking ban to give pubs and clubs the choice to open properly ventilated smoking rooms which are separated from non-smoking areas . it also states that it opposes minimum pricing of alcohol . the party believes the smoking ban , cheap alcohol in supermarkets and rising business rates are among the reasons why an estimated one in four pubs are closing every day . it believes tackling these issues will go someway in helping revive the great british pub . several ukip candidates have already spoken out in favour of supporting the beer industry and leader nigel farage is often spotted during photocalls drinking in pubs . last month , ukip mep james carver slammed the eu commission for formally requesting the uk to cease its duty exemption for small-scale producers of cider and perry . the exemption concerns producers , whose production does not exceed 70 hectolitres over a period of 12 consecutive months and who make such products for sale . he said : ' this eu move is terrible news for the british cider and perry industry . ' cider and perry makers would be hit by rising costs as a result of this eu diktat which will leave a sour taste in the mouths of small-scale producers . ' our government should stand up to this commission attack on small businesses and launch a spirited defence of our superb cider and perry industry . ' the party believes ' not enough is being done to help the ailing pub trade ' and claims to make supporting the industry a priority if in power . it also wants to amend the smoking ban to give pubs the option to decide .  