doctors have condemned a social media campaign which accuses mothers who have a caesarean as being ‘ too lazy to have a baby ' . the image , which is believed to come from a firebrand american religious group called ' the disciples of the new dawn ' in the u.s , has been circulating on mother 's groups in australia . university of sydney 's professor of gynecology hans peter dietz told daily mail australia the image represents a broader anti-caesarean sentiment which has harmful consequences for women who should be choosing caesareans for health reasons . an offensive image circulating social media which endeavours to shame women who have undergone caesareans . ‘ they are suggesting that it 's the woman 's own fault if she need a caesarean . that’s like saying it’s your fault that have an inflamed appendix , or bowel cancer . it’s plain stupid . ’ the world-renowned gynaecologist says a drive to reduce the rates of c-sections is forcing obstetricians to ' act against their own better professional judgment . ' ‘ while it sits on the the extreme end of the caesarean spectrum , it’s an attitude which is actually widespread in australia . that’s why i feel it needs to be addressed . ’ professor dietz said the sharp rise in caesareans since the 1980’s has triggered a strong movement from people trying to curb the rates . last year the world health organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births . professor of gynecology hans peter dietz said the image represents an attitude which is widespread in australia . ‘ the reality is that your average newborn is much bigger now than in the past , and for some women caesareans are the safest option . it’s downright dangerous to deny women that right . ’ last year the world health organisation said the number of caesarean surgeries needed to drop to 10 to 15 per cent of births . it’s believed the anti-caesarean campaign on social media is a bid to pressure mums to into following the who appeal . 