the mother of a new york city tv reporter blamed her sudden death at the age of 49 on her boss in a confrontation at the funeral , a new report has claimed . lisa colagrossi had just finished covering a house fire in the borough of queens on march 19 , when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness . the reporter 's mother lois colagrossi was greeting mourners at her funeral on march 23 when she was approached by her daughter 's boss camille edwards . witnesses who overheard the allegedly awkward interaction told the new york post 's page six that mrs colagrossi refused to hug edwards and told her : ' you are the reason i am standing in this church ' . scroll down for video . blame game : the mother of wabc reporter lisa colagrossi ( left ) has allegedly blamed her sudden death by a brain aneurysm to being overworked by boss camille edwards ( right ) . edwards went on to tell mrs colagrossi how hard of a worker her daughter was and how everyone at the station respected her . ' i am talking about how you worked my daughter to death , ' mrs colagrossi responded . sources told the newspaper that edwards was then shuffled away . the paper reports that edwards is feared at the station , where she has been nicknamed ' camevil ' . ' camille is a bully and will target people she does n't like , most often women . lisa 's colleagues applaud lisa 's mom for standing up to camille , ' a source told page six . lisa colagrossi , who lived with her husband and two sons in stamford , connecticut , would commute into the city each day as early as 2am and work through the afternoon . unexpected : colagrossi ( center ) was returning from covering a house fire in queens , new york on march 19 when the married mother-of-two collapsed from a brain aneurysm and never regained consciousness . however , the family has denied any grudge against either edwards or the station where colagrossi worked . ' we are extremely thankful and blessed by all the support from camille and the entire abc family . lisa always chose to work the overnight shift because it allowed her to spend the most time with her family , ' the family said in a statement . in a separate statement , wabc said : ' camille is a tireless and compassionate champion for everyone who works here . under her watch , we’re fortunate to have more women in leadership positions than ever before . our thoughts and prayers are with lisa’s family at this sad time . ' colagrossi started at the station in 2001 , on the sunday following the 9/11 attacks , and covered such high-profile stories as the sandy hook massacre . colagrossi is a native of ohio and had previously worked at stations in alabama and west virginia . a former wabc reporter , sarah wallace , is currently suing edwards after she was abruptly fired after 30 years at the station . 