a student who was left with an unsightly cauliflower ear following a botched piercing says she wishes she had listened to her mother who told her not to get it done . remmie , 18 , had a thick bar put through her ear as an act of teenage rebellion , and initially hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd . but when the piercing became inflamed , remmie was forced to remove the bar - and the resulting wound healed into a hazelnut-sized lump known as a keloid scar . scroll down for video . unsightly : remmie was left with a hazelnut sized scar on the top of her ear following a piercing . inflamed : after getting this bar put in , her ear became inflamed with led to a painful keloid scar . ' it looks vile , it 's not pretty and makes me feel less confident , ' says remmie who appears on tlc reality series , extreme beauty disasters . ' it 's getting bigger and it 's itchy . i had it done to look different , i look different now but not in a good way . people shout stuff and stare . ' it looks like i have a bit of chewing gum stuck on my ear . you just want to flick it off but you ca n't . ' her concerned mother , victoria , who had always been against the piercing , added : ' i told her not to have it done . i 'm worried about it getting bigger . ' vile : remmie , 18 , says the unsightly lump is ' vile ' and has knocked her confidence badly . desperate to get rid of the unsightly lump , remmie was forced to seek the help of cosmetic surgeon vik vijh . mr vijh immediately diagnosed a keloid scar , which according to the british skin foundation , affects between 10 and 15 per cent of wounds . the scars , which usually take the form of a hard lump of tissue and are often larger than the original wound , are most frequently found on the shoulders and neck . unfortunately , as mr vijh pointed out , removal operations frequently make things worse as the body goes into overdrive to heal the new wound . but much to the 18-year-old 's relief , he also revealed that keloid removal operations on the ear are among the most likely to be successful . much better : the teenager is now smiling again after a cosmetic surgeon managed to remove the scar . ' the good news is i can take these lumps away and reconstruct , ' he explains . ' but there is a risk the scars could return . ' despite the risk , remmie chose to go ahead and much to her delight , her ear has been returned to normal . ' my confidence is over the top , ' she said afterwards . ' it 's so much better . i feel like me again , it 's nice to be back . '