ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for arsenal 's home clash with liverpool ... arsenal vs liverpool ( emirates stadium ) . team news . arsenal . arsenal forward danny welbeck will face a fitness test on the knee injury picked up during international duty with england ahead of saturday 's barclays premier league clash against liverpool . club captain mikel arteta , full-back mathieu debuchy , midfielders abou diaby and jack wilshere all stepped up their rehabilitation in a friendly match on tuesday , so will be assessed . danny welbeck picked up a knee injury while on international duty with england and remains a doubt . however , england midfielder alex oxlade-chamberlain ( hamstring ) remains unavailable . provisional squad : ospina , monreal , koscielny , gabriel , bellerin , coquelin , cazorla , ozil , sanchez , welbeck , giroud , szczesny , walcott , mertesacker , rosicky , ramsey , chambers , gibbs , flamini . liverpool . liverpool striker daniel sturridge is expected to have recovered from a hip injury to face arsenal on saturday . the 25-year-old , along with midfielder adam lallana ( groin ) , withdrew from the england squad last week but both are likely to be in contention to face the gunners . daniel sturridge trained on thursday ahead of liverpool 's trip to arsenal in the barclays premier league . centre-back martin skrtel and captain steven gerrard begin three-match suspensions with dejan lovren favourite to replace the former in defence . provisional squad : mignolet , can , lovren , sakho , sterling , henderson , lucas , moreno , sterling , coutinho , sturridge , jones , johnson , toure , allen , markovic , balotelli , borini , lambert . kick-off : saturday , 12.45pm - bt sport 1 . odds ( subject to change ) : arsenal 5/6 . draw 11/4 . liverpool 3/1 . referee : anthony taylor . managers : arsene wenger ( arsenal ) , brendan rodgers ( liverpool ) . head-to-head league record : arsenal wins 63 , draws 48 , liverpool wins 70 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . arsene wenger’s side have kept four clean sheets and conceded just one goal in their last five premier league home games . liverpool have won just one of their last 18 away games in all competitions against arsenal ( w1 d7 l10 ) . liverpool v arsenal has seen more hat-tricks than any other match in premier league history ( 5 ) . there have been eight 90th minute goals and two 45th minute goals scored in the last 12 premier league meetings between arsenal and liverpool . liverpool have kept just one clean sheet in their last 18 premier league matches against arsenal . stewart downing , raul meireles , luis suarez and jordan henderson celebrate after the uruguay striker scored in the last minute to help liverpool to a 2-0 win at arsenal in august 2011 - a rare away victory . the gunners have won their last eight premier league games at the emirates . the last time they were on a longer run was in november 2005 ( 13 ) . liverpool have equalled a club record six consecutive clean sheets away from home in the league and have now gone nine hours and 19 minutes on the road since they last conceded . only manchester united ( 7 ) have won away at arsenal more often than liverpool in premier league history ( 6 ) . arsenal have won just one of their last 11 premier league home games against the other current top five teams ; chelsea , man city , man utd & liverpool ( w1 d7 l3 ) . arsenal have had the most individual goalscorers in the premier league this season ( 15 , liverpool 14 ) .