the chairman of a house committee investigating the 2012 terror attacks on americans in benghazi , libya , on thursday called former secretary of state hillary rodham clinton to testify at a public hearing next month . the move will set up a high-profile showdown over clinton 's use of a private email account and server while she was secretary of state – and allow the gop to rehash questions about her performance before and after the deadly assault on a diplomatic compound and a cia annex nearby . south carolina republican rep. trey gowdy said he wants clinton to testify the week of may 18 and again before june 18 . hot seat : democratic presidential candidate hillary rodham clinton will testify in public about the benghazi debacle , and about her exclusive use of a home-brew email server while she was secretary of state . no comment : hillary stared ahead and walked wordlessly tuesday through a washington , dc airport , refusing to acknowledge her first campaign-trail question about the deadly benghazi terror attacks in 2012 . deadly : the september 11 , 2012 benghazi terror attacks killed four americans including the us ambassador to libya . the first hearing would focus on clinton 's use of private emails , and the second on the september 2012 attacks that killed four americans , including the u.s. ambassador to libya . ' with her cooperation and that of the state department and ( obama ) administration , secretary clinton could be done with the benghazi committee before the fourth of july , ' gowdy said in a statement . it is necessary to call clinton to appear twice ' because the committee needs to ensure we have a complete and responsive record and all the facts before we then substantively question her on the benghazi terrorist attacks , ' gowdy said . infamous : ' the fact is we had four dead americans , ' clinton said during a 2013 senate hearing . ' was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night who decided that they’d they go kill some americans ? what difference at this point does it make ? ' not forgotten : u.s. ambassader the libya chris stevens was the first to die in benghazi , and was seen by libyans as a moderate – angering anti-american hardliners from radical islamist groups . clinton dodged questions about the benghazi attacks on tuesday after landing in washington , d.c. following a two-day presidential campaign swing in new hampshire . daily mail online asked her in the reagan national airport terminal if she had made mistakes handling the crisis , and when she would be ready to start answering reporters ' questions . clinton , steely-eyed , looked forward and walked silently without uttering a word . gowdy 's action comes a day after the gop-led panel signaled its final report could slip to next year , just months before the presidential election . clinton is widely considered the front-runner for the democratic nomination for president . gowdy spokesman jamal ware said on wednesday that gowdy wants to complete the panel 's work by the end of the year , but said factors including witness availability , compliance with document requests and security clearances ' could continue to impact the timing of the inquiry 's conclusion . ' a lawyer for clinton said she is prepared to answer questions publicly regarding the benghazi attacks and her email use as soon as possible . ' there is no reason to delay her appearance or to have her testify in a private interview , ' lawyer david kendall said wednesday in a letter to gowdy . clinton has twice testified before congress on the benghazi matter , telling lawmakers in 2013 that she takes responsibility for missteps by the state department in the months leading up to the assault . but clinton insisted that requests for more security at the diplomatic mission in benghazi did n't reach her desk , and reminded lawmakers that they have a responsibility to fund security-related budget requests . casualties : us foreign service information management officer sean smith ( left ) , us navy seal glen doherty ( center ) and us nacy seal tyrone woods ( right ) perished in the ansar al-shariah attacks in benghazi . protest : congressional interns carried photographs of woods , doherty and smith during a special operations speaks political action committee news conference in july 2013 . smoldering : the fires in benghazi have gone out , but not the republican party 's zeal to tarnish hillary clinton 's political legacy with new questions about how it happened and why some details were allegedly covered up . gowdy 's letter includes more than 100 questions he and other lawmakers may pose to clinton about her email use , including why she considered using a private server and what was done to vet the companies or individuals who set up the server . and still lingering , too , are uneasy questions about why clinton initially blamed the benghazi attaks on a spontaneous protest sparked by an anti-muslim youtube video produced in the united states . american intelligence knew during the attack that it was launched by a terror group , ansar al-whariah , which is affiliated with al qaeda . months later , following a concussion that delayed her congressional testimony about benghazi , she testified in a u.s. senate foreign relations committee hearing . ' the fact is we had four dead americans , ' clinton told the senators . ' was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night who decided that they’d they go kill some americans ? ' ' what difference at this point does it make ? ' rep. elijah cummings of maryland , senior democrat on the benghazi panel , said the focus on email comes after ' republicans ' multi-year search for evidence to back up their benghazi conspiracy theories has turned up nothing . ' cummings accused gowdy and other republicans of a ' coordinated attempt ' to ' drag out this taxpayer-funded search for anything they can use against hillary clinton , while their political arm raises campaign funds off the deaths of four americans . '