there 's no in-flight service but these pooches do n't mind - just the fact they 're still alive is a miracle . each year thousands of homeless pooches facing euthanasia - some hours away from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages . groups such as california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time . the two non-profits say their concept has been a roaring success with the numbers increasing year-on-year . it 's estimated that more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year . scroll down for video . pilot pooch , do you read me ? each year thousands of homeless dogs facing euthanasia - some hours from death - get loaded on planes and flown to new homes in places where shelters are experiencing shortages . both pilot groups encourage spaying and neutering as a solution but know that airlifts will increase every year as they become more visible and the number of needy dogs grows . states such as california , georgia and south carolina typically have too many dogs in shelters , while places such as washington , oregon , new york , new jersey and florida need more pets to satisfy demand . to solve the location conundrum , pilots fire up their engines . in coeur d'alene , idaho , retirees want smaller dogs , which are easier to take care of but a tough find in the area with the high demand . so , the kootenai humane society orders a planeload of dogs under 16 pounds every month , or more than 1,000 animals in the last 16 months , executive director debbie jeffrey said . window seat : groups such as california-based wings of rescue or south carolina-based pilots n paws , recruit pilots to volunteer their planes , fuel and time . in safe hands : in this december 2014 photo provided courtesy of shelterme , pilot jim nista delivers finn , a rescued dog , in everett , washington . saved from peril : it 's estimated that more than 4 million u.s. pets are euthanized every year . ' it 's just been a real success . as fast as they come in , they are adopted , ' she said . the successes increase as more pilots sign up to help . ' we have seen the number of animals rescued go up every year since we started in 2008 , ' said kate quinn , executive director of pilots n paws . the group 's 5,000-plus pilots have flown more than 15,000 dogs to new homes each of the past two years , relocating more than 75,000 animals over the last seven years , she said . and the numbers keep rising . growing trend : wings of rescue and pilots n paws encourage spaying and neutering as a solution but know that airlifts will increase every year as they become more visible and the number of needy dogs grows . snuggled up : it 's reported that most pooches sleep in the air and do n't get sick . ' pilots love a reason to fly . they love making these flights , ' quinn said , adding that all dogs have to be spayed or neutered , microchipped and vaccinated before they take off . yehuda netanel , founder and president of wings of rescue , says business has doubled each of the past four-and-a-half years . he started as the lone pilot who rescued 300 dogs , and now the group expects to fly 7,000 pets in 2015 , he said . the pilot of 27 years will charter planes to move dogs if there are n't enough private planes , meaning flights cost about $ 80 per dog . netanel and his 28 pilots are preparing to take flight this weekend with 250 dogs from san bernardino , 150 from bakersfield and smaller numbers from other locations . packing them in : kootenai humane society orders a planeload of dogs under 16 pounds every month , or more than 1,000 animals in the last 16 months . puppy-dog eyes : ' we have seen the number of animals rescued go up every year since we started in 2008 , ' said kate quinn , executive director of pilots n paws . pilots kale and anj garcia of seattle will be in san bernardino to bring as many as 50 dogs back to washington state in their seven-passenger cessna 414 . the couple have flown 16 missions for wings of rescue . most dogs sleep during the flight , and only a few have had air sickness , said anj garcia , who will take each one out of its crate and cuddle it during the journey . the flights allowed cathy parker of coeur d'alene to find her dogs : bella , a poodle-chihuahua mix , and sidney , a poodle-pomeranian mix , who wings of rescue delivered from different shelters about nine months apart . ' they 've been a real good match for each other and me , ' she said . pet taxi : in this nov. 22 , 2014 photo , steven latham , founder of shelter me , helps pilot yehuda netanel , founder of wings of rescue , load a shelter pup onto a private plane at the van nuys airport in los angeles . paws for celebration : in the last two years , wings of rescue have flown more than 15,000 dogs annually to new homes and have relocated more than 75,000 in seven years .