the co-authors of pete evans ' controversial infant cookbook have spoken out in defence of the chef 's decision to independently release the book despite being dumped by publishers . speaking on the morning show , co-authors of ' bubba yum yum : the paleo way ' , charlotte carr and helen padarin said they are ' confident ' about the changes they have made to the book since it was branded with major health warnings . the cookbook , which was supposed to be released last month was delayed before being cancelled completely by pan macmillan over grave concerns about a recipe for baby formula made from liver and bone broth . scroll down for video . pete evans ' ( pictured ) book was dumped by publishers pan macmillan after it was revealed that one of the recipes included the ingredients liver and bone broth . we do n't want confusion . ' we 've taken all of the [ health ] information on board and applied it to the book ' said carr on the popular morning show . ' we 're very confident that this is a very safe , gentle , beautiful book for children , ' she said . ' we 're really confident that the information we 've got in the book is very good information , ' padarin added . ' it is a recipe book , it 's not a way of treatment or medicine . if people have issues then yes , of course they should be seeing a practitioner about it . ' the pair did address the controversial ' happy tummy brew ' recipe which attracted criticism for it 's ingredients , claiming they have added more vitamin c to the formula . the recipe is based on a formula by a us health company called weston a price . the paelo way co-authors charlotte carr ( centre ) and helen padarin ( right ) have spoken out in defence of pete evan 's ( left ) decision to release the book independently . pete evans is famously known for his role as a judge on my kitchen rules alongside manu fieldel ( left ) . ' we had just taken the recipe and put it in [ the book ] and it needed more details , ' carr said . ' happy tummy brew ' , ' it was called a formula and by definition it 's not a formula - it 's a drink - so we 've changed [ the name ] and made it really clear about when it should be implemented in the child 's diet so it 's really safe . ' professor heather yeatman , president of the public health association of australia said there was a ' very real possibility that a baby may die if this book goes ahead ' . however , the book is reportedly set for release online amidst the controversy . australian women 's weekly recently reported that naturopath helen padarin had been slammed by the health care complaints commission with sources saying she breached their codes of conduct . pete evans has been dropped as the celebrity ambassador for popular salad chain ' sumo salad ' . she reportedly provided incorrect information over the nutritional comparisons between breast milk and baby formula made of liver and bone broth - a recipe in bubba yum yum . blogger and co-author , charlotte carr has also received negative headlines after it was revealed that she has been doing voice-overs for fast-food chains kfc , coca-cola and cadbury 's whilst promoting a paleo lifestyle . in march , chef pete evans declared that he was forging ahead with his plans to release the book independently after being sensationally dumped by his publisher . ' charlotte , helen and i are thrilled to announce that ' bubba yum yum the paleo way ' will be a proudly independent digital worldwide release in april with print to follow , ' evans ' facebook post read at the time . bubba yum yum : the paleo way is set to be self-published at the end of this month as a digital book . ' we did n't want to wait , too many people are wanting this beautiful treasure trove of nutritional recipes and we are extremely thankful to all our followers and colleagues for their support . ' a huge thank goes out to all the media for helping raise awareness about this over the last week , we hope you continue to do more of the same . ' pan macmillan also distanced themselves from the tv chef 's baby book , posting a statement to their website to say they would not be publishing the book in any format . sumo salad maintains that their decision was not due to evans ' paleo controversies . ' the authors of bubba yum yum : the paleo way - for new mums , babies and toddlers have decided to release a digital version of the book very shortly , and will , therefore , no longer publish the book , in any format , with pan macmillan australia , ' a statement from the publisher read . the celebrity chef lost another profitable deal at the start of april after being dropped as an ambassador by the national salad chain , sumo salad . the food chain strongly denied that the move was related to evans ' recent paleo controversies , and maintained that the decision to not renew his two-year contract was made a long time ago . the head of marketing for sumo salad , petra orrenius told news.com.au they had a positive collaboration with pete evans but had been with him for too long . they have decided to take their marketing in a different direction and this does not include evans . ' i think often when you 're trying to make a difference you have to be a bit radical and stand out . we 've always been very supportive of pete and we 're happy with that , ' orrenius said . the book is co-authored by charlotte carr ( left ) who is also facing critics after it was revealed that she has been doing voice-overs for fast-food chains .     