ever wondered if your personality was decided at birth ? it turns out , the order in which you were born can not only have an effect on your personality , but also your chances of academic success . according to canadian duo mitchell moffit and greg brown , from toronto , who present an online science show , several theories suggest that where you are in your family determines who you are . scroll down for video . ( pictured from left to right : khloé , kourtney and kim kardashian ) . the kardashians are a strong example of a large celebrity family where the siblings share very different personality traits . on asapscience on youtube , the pair discuss how being the first , middle , youngest , or an only child affects us . the personality traits are also supposedly affected by whether parents have high expectations and how strict they were . first-borns . according to mitchell and brown , first-born children are expected to be higher academic achievers and more ambitious . they also have a stronger sense of responsibility and are generally more mature . ( pictured from left to right ) beyoncé and kate middleton are famous first-borns . oldest children tend be ambitious and have strong leadership skills . they also tend to have better leadership skills than other birth orders . the explanation is because although they get a lot more affection and attention from their parents , their parents have higher expectations as the first child . this works as a self-fulfilling prophecy : if there are high expectations placed on you , you are more likely to want to work hard and live up to these expectations . ( pictured from left to right ) kim kardashian and madonna are famous middle-borns . middle children tend to be co-operative and are more likely to be social butterflies . middle-borns . middle-born children apparently tend to be more co-operative , flexible and sociable . they are also the birth order that are able to make and maintain friendships easily . this is due to the fact that as a middle-born child , there are n't the high expectations of the first child , nor the relaxed attitude accorded to the last child . as a result , they also tend to be less ambitious than their older brothers and sisters , and so will have a more relaxed attitude in life . as middle children receive less attention than their other siblings , they seek out relationships and friendships outside of their family , and can be social butterflies . ( pictured from left to right ) jennifer lawrence and angelina jolie are famous youngest children . last-borns tend to be charming and confident . last-borns . the video highlights how youngest children tend to be likeable and charming . other traits they carry are that they are more creative than older siblings , and have a stronger sense of security and confidence . as their parents have already had other children , they tend to be a lot less strict and are a lot more lenient with their youngest children . parents ' expectations will also be lower . as a result , youngest children will generally be less responsible and mature than older siblings , as they constantly feel like others will take the lead . ( pictured from left to right ) leonardo dicaprio and drew barrymore are famous only-children . only children tend to be creative and responsible . only child . only children tend to be academically-able , creative and resourceful . they are also mature and responsible , and dislike disorder and like to be in control . being a parent 's only child , expectations are always high , but unlike a first-born , they never need to fight for the attention of their parents . not to mention , being in a household with only adults often leads the child to mature more quickly and copy the actions of the parents , rather than being moulded by siblings ' childish or youthful interests . but because they have never had to interact with siblings or companions of a similar age , they can have trouble relating to peers and can feel out of control when things in their life do n't go their way . the presenters of the video highlight that these are just theories relating to order of birth . they add that gender , social status , age gaps between siblings and the number of siblings can play a huge role in determining traits . moffit and brown reiterate : ' some aspects may be true for you , or make a lot of sense , but it wouldn’t be the same for every single person around the world in your specific birth order . 'it’s important to remember that your personality and your destiny in life is not predetermined at birth . '