dina amos-larkin ( above ) , 21 , has been left paralysed from the neck down after falling 50ft from a hotel balcony in salou , spain . a british gymnast has been left paralysed from the neck down after falling 50ft from a hotel balcony . dina amos-larkin was attending a four-day sports festival in salou , spain when she fell while talking to her mother on the phone on april 3 . the 21-year-old law student , who represents great britain at trampolining , was in a medically-induced coma for two weeks and was told of her injuries when she was brought round a week ago . she told simon wright of the sunday mirror that authorities initially said the fall , from a fourth floor balcony at hotel jaime 1 , was a suicide bid . ' that is n't the case - i spent the day doing sport and went drinking in the evening , but was n't drunk , ' she said . ' the balcony rail was lower than my waist and i think i just leaned back too far . ' the student , from poole , dorset , claimed she is now stranded in hospital as she is waiting for her insurer axa to review her case . a gofundme page has since been set up to raise £20,000 to get miss amos-larkin , who is also captain of the angels cheerleading squad at surrey university , home . more than £13,900 has already been donated . the page reads : ' dina larkin suffered horrendous injuries including paralysis when she fell from a balcony during a student festival in barcelona . ' dina is an international gymnast and aspiring law student . but most of all she is a daughter , a sister and a friend to many . ' her recovery has been halted because the costs of getting her back to the uk amount to over £10,000 . and then there 's the adaptive care she will need when she is home . ' her mother audrey , 48 , and father stephen , 49 , told the sunday mirror their ' hearts are broken ' . the street the hotel is on ( above ) has lots of high-rise apartments with white rails lining each balcony . a gofundme page has since been set up to raise £20,000 to get miss amos-larkin ( above ) , who is also captain of the angels cheerleading squad at surrey university , home . ' we just want her home , ' they added . her last tweet was a week before the incident , when she posted a photo of the cheerleading squad after the team surrey varsity and wrote : ' these kids know the score ! @ surreyangels brought it home . ' she added a picture of the sea on instagram five days later and wrote : ' enjoying that ocean spray . let 's hope it can cure this hangover # tour # spain # sunshine # ocean # saloufest # coastline # teamsurreytour2015 . ' a spokesman for axa said : ' we are looking into the circumstances and until those investigations have been completed , it would not be appropriate to comment further . ' we are speaking to dina and assisting with her repatriation . '