facing trial : adam deacon ( pictured outside court in january ) , 32 , allegedly sent abusive tweets including a death threat to the kidulthood writer . a bafta-winning kidulthood actor sent abusive tweets including a death threat to the film’s writer because he thought he was trying to ruin his career , a court heard today . adam deacon , 32 , of bethnal green , east london , appeared in court this morning over allegations of harassment against the 2006 movie’s writer noel clarke on twitter . a number of abusive tweets were sent from deacon 's account to mr clarke’s account from march 5 to december 19 , hammersmith magistrates’ court in west london was told . tom gill , prosecuting , said : ‘ he [ deacon ] referred to mr clarke as a bully and blamed him for trying to ruin his career . mr clarke said that in 2010 he viewed mr deacon as a friend and after this point they fell out over work . ’ referring to the twitter posts directed at mr clarke’s account , he added : ‘ in some cases they amounted to some death threats . ’ the court heard how ‘ mr clarke provided screenshots of the posts to the police’ . mr gill added : ‘ on december 4 he was given an official formal harassment warning by police and this was delivered in person . despite this he continued to post messages to mr clarke . ’ last month the actor was sectioned under the mental health act after being charged with possession of a machete in public . police were called on january 6 to reports of a man in bethnal green allegedly armed with a ‘machete’ style knife and threatening members of the public . the babylon actor missed his appearance at thames magistrates’ court in east london last month and the court heard he was ‘ not well enough to attend’ the hearing . ' abusive ' : deacon ( left , posing with the rising star award he won at the baftas in 2012 ) was in court over allegations of harassment against screenwriter noel clarke ( right ) . daleks : mr clarke ( left ) in doctor who as mickey , with billie piper as rose and david tennant as the doctor . today , wearing a blue hooded jacket , blue nike air trainers and blue chinos , deacon , who also appeared in the film ali g indahouse , looked emotionless as he listened to the proceedings . deacon won the bafta rising star award in 2012 for his work on his directorial debut , anuvahood . adam deacon in the 2011 film anuvahood . deacon started acting as a child , and appeared in tv shows like bill’s new frock , the bill and ali g indahouse . he made his breakthrough as jay in noel clarke’s cult film kidulthood , about the lives of several teenagers growing up on some of london’s most deprived estates in ladbroke grove and latimer road . deacon appeared in mr clarke’s 2008 sequel adulthood , and won the bafta rising star award in 2012 for directing the urban comedy anuvahood ( above ) . he last appeared on tv screens in 2014 as robbie , an unstable police firearms officer in danny boyle’s satirical police drama babylon , featuring james nesbitt . towards the end of the hearing , deacon asked magistrate anne elias if it was possible to move the date of the trial closer . he said : ‘ when i do acting they won’t insure me until the trial is done . i’ve lost out on a lot of work because of it . ’ after consulting with other members of the bench , she replied : ‘i’m afraid we’re stuck with that date , we do accept it’s not ideal for you . we agree a date of this trial for july 20 . ‘ you need to be back here in hammersmith magistrates at 9.30am . i do need to warn you that if you fail to attend on that date at that time that there may be a further charge against you for which you can be imprisoned . in the mean time you are on conditional bail . ’ the magistrate added that deacon - who stood in the dock - was ‘ not to contact mr clarke or incite any of his family or friends , not to put anything on social media that is related to him . ’ she said that he is ‘ not to enter kensington and chelsea and to continue to live and sleep at the address that you have given to the court’ . she asked deacon : ‘ are you clear on what this involves ? ’ he replied : ‘ i am . ’ deacon denies harassment without violence and is due to next appear in hammersmith on july 20 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .