a wisconsin church 's four-decade tradition of people mud-wrestling pigs at a summer fundraiser has been cancelled after complaints the animals were ' punched in the face , body slammed and jumped on ' . st patrick 's parish in stephensville , wisconsin said in a statement that the original pig rassle will be replaced this august with a human mud foosball tournament . global conservation group , an animal advocacy group , launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs . it garnered more than 81,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event . deacon ken bilgrien of st patrick 's parish told christian today on wednesday that the church is moving in a different direction for its 45th annual roundup , but declined to discuss the controversy surrounding the event . scroll down for video . st patrick 's parish in stephensville , wisconsin has discontinued its original pig rassle tournament after 44 years of the tradition ( above scenes from the event ) . global conservation group , an animal advocacy group that launched an online petition claiming the tournament was inhumane to the pigs , garnered more than 80,000 signatures in efforts to cancel the event . on august 10 , 2014 , the church held a ' pig wrestling ' event where the animals were ' punched in the face , kicked , body-slammed , yelled at and thrown onto a barrel ' , according to the global conversation group . ' wrestling , as a sport , is contested by two human opponents , evenly matched , each of whom enters into the match voluntarily with mutually agreed-upon rules and a common goal , ' the group wrote on its website . ' not so in `` matches '' like pig wrestling , where frightened animals are unwilling participants exploited by teams of humans for entertainment . ' the group also accused the church of being in violation of wisconsin chapter 951 , crimes against animals , which outlaws cockfighting , dog fighting and any other similar fighting between animals or animals and humans , according to its change.org page . the church announced in a statement that moving forward the parish 's talents could be ' spent in areas that are less controversial ' . ' after much prayer and many hours of discussion , we realize that what we had for 44 years in the original pig rassle was memorable , legal and great family fun , ' the statement on its website read . the group said during the august 2014 ' pig rassle ' , the pigs were ' punched in the face , kicked , body-slammed , yelled at and thrown onto a barrel ' . the wisconsin parish ( above ) said during its 45th annual roundup fundraiser this august , the original pig rassle will be replaced with a human mud foosball tournament . global conservation group said they consider the church 's decision a victory for their 260-day campaign and consider this a huge step for animal welfare . ' we also realize that our parish and diocesan talents could be better spent in areas that are less controversial . ' it is with great regret that we have discontinued the original pig rassle , we are however , very excited to begin this new tradition at st. patrick parish . ' following the news , global conservation group , which protested the church 's ' pig rassle ' last august , wrote on its change.org page on april 21 : ' this is huge ! after 260 days of non-stop campaigning , the church announced today that no further animal abuse events will be held . ' ' we 're very happy . we consider this a victory for our campaign , ' jordan turner , global conservation group president told wbay . ' we 're very proud of the church for doing what 's right for all involved . and we certainly consider this a huge step for animal welfare . ' biglrien said the church is moving on as they look forward to the new event that will be apart of its annual roundup this summer . ' you know , we 've had problems in the past and this is something new and exciting that we want to do , ' he told wbay .