prison officer thomas jordan driver , 25 , was arrested on thursday . he and fellow klan members planned to kill a black inmate after his release in retaliation for a fight , officials said . three florida prison officers who belong to the ku klux klan have been charged with plotting to kill a black inmate after his release , officials said on thursday . the kkk men believed the prisoner was infected with hiv and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight , officials said . klans men thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 , each face one state count of conspiracy to commit murder , according to florida attorney general pam bondi 's office . the supposed hit man was an fbi criminal informant who recorded those scenes and others over the past year . investigators said he faked pictures of the black man 's death to help build a case against three klan members who worked at a florida prison . the case is the latest black eye for the troubled state prison system . the state said the murder plot started after driver , an officer at the department of corrections reception and medical center in gainesville , rural north florida , had a fight with the inmate . moran is currently a sergeant there . newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements , according to the department . bondi 's office said the three were also members of the traditionalist american knights of the ku klux klan . the group has garnered attention in recent months for distributing flyers that likened protesters in ferguson , missouri , to terrorists . the fbi was alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant inside the klan , according to an arrest affidavit . scroll down for video . david moran , a prison employee ( pictured left ) , who together with another employee of the florida dept . of corrections and former employee charles thomas newcomb ( right ) were arrested for plotting to kill a black inmate who had allegedly bitten one guard during a fight . the informant was present when driver and moran talked with newcomb , identified as the kkk chapter 's ' exalted cyclops ' or leader , and recorded many of their conversations . in late 2014 , authorities say driver gave the klan chapter , called a klavern , a photograph of the inmate , who 'd been let out on supervised release . ' both driver and moran ... told the ( confidential informant ) that they wanted ( the inmate ) ' six feet under ' , ' the fbi 's affidavit said . the informant recorded all three men making plans to murder the inmate , according to the affidavit . in the recordings , the men often refer to the inmate using a racial epithet . their first attempt to find and kill the inmate failed and the informant recorded a conversation with driver to confirm he still wanted him dead , the affidavit said . ' do you want this guy terminated ? ' the informant asked . ' yes sir , ' driver replied , according to the affidavit . the american knights of the ku klux klan has garnered attention for distributing flyers that likened protesters in ferguson , missouri , to terrorists . a recent flyer from the klan provided bywtxl-tv is seen here . in march , the fbi gave the informant a burner cellphone with the doctored photograph of the inmate who looked like he 'd been fatally shot . the informant showed all three men the picture and recorded their jubilant reactions . moran and driver both smiled when they saw the picture , and driver shook the informant 's hand in gratitude , according to the affidavit . the case highlights an ongoing stream of high-profile problems in florida 's prison system . last fall , prison system officials fired nearly 50 employees , including several over allegations that they punched and beat inmates . the deaths of inmates randall jordan-aparo and darren rainey also drew attention . jordan-aparo was reportedly gassed in a confinement cell at the franklin correctional institution . rainey , a mentally ill prisoner , was punished in 2012 with a shower so hot that his skin separated from his body at dade correctional institution . the warden there was fired . department of corrections secretary julie jones , who was hired late last year to lead the troubled agency , called the arrests ' disquieting . ' ' we are moving swiftly to terminate the employees arrested today and working closely with office of the attorney general to assist in their prosecution , ' she said in a statement . ' our department has zero tolerance for racism or prejudice of any kind . the actions of these individuals are unacceptable and do not , in any way , represent the thousands of good , hardworking honorable correctional officers employed at the department of corrections . ' the case will be prosecuted in columbia county in north florida . driver and moran were being held in union county jail . newcomb was in alachua county jail with bond set at $ 750,000 . frank ancona , imperial wizard of the kkk group to which the three men were said to belong , did not confirm or deny their membership . ' we at the tak do not in any way condone , tolerate , or support any type of illegal activity in our organization and because of this we would stand by any of our members pending a decision by a court of law , not a decision of the court of media or public opinion , ' ancona said . the state said the murder plotting started after driver , an officer at the department of corrections reception and medical center ( pictured ) in rural north florida , had a fight with the inmate .