what the hell am i doing , i ask myself , as i stand shivering on the brink . it’s april and my first proper swim of the year . the north sea stretches before me . i dip a toe in . it’s absolutely freezing . . . of course . i wobble over the sharp shingle , into the waves , until i’m waist-deep . gasping for breath , i take the plunge . and , within seconds , making frantic strokes , i’m swept up and i’m swimming . and it is glorious . scroll down for video . sarah foot says her affair with open water began on hampstead heath after a local swimming pool closed down , and has taken her to swimming in the north sea off the coast of suffolk ( pictured ) . i’m not one of those athletic people who glide through the water with a sleek , racing crawl - i’m that woman with the white-hatted head bobbing up and down offshore in a rather staid breast stroke . you don’t have to be watching poldark for a dip in the sea to set your heart racing . i love to swim . miserable winters , exams , love affairs . . . i’ve swum through them all , wherever i can find the water . most of the time this means municipal pools from which i emerge reeking of chlorine and praying i’ve avoided verrucas . so best of all has to be swimming outdoors , and here on the east coast in suffolk it is now warm enough — just about — for the sea . and despite the greyness , the appalling cold , and the downright bleakness of the north sea here , i’m in heaven . the poet byron — who was every bit as proud of his phenomenal swimming prowess as his verses — called the experience a ‘ buoyancy of spirits i never feel on any other occasion’ . i don’t have to swim the four-mile-long hellespont between asia and europe as he did to know what he meant . i , too , am buoyed up in every way . yet i’m not one of those athletic people who glide through the water with a sleek , racing crawl . nor am i that hardy chap i read about recently , known as the ‘ human polar bear’ , who swims round icebergs in the arctic . a 30-minute dip leaves me exhausted . i can’t even dive . you need look no further than aidan turner in poldark to see how a dip in the ocean can set pulses racing . i’m that woman with the white-hatted head bobbing up and down offshore in a rather staid breast stroke . but in the water i don’t care . and , for me , that’s the magic of swimming . i am completely free . for a few precious moments , all my troubles wash away . nothing bothers me and my whole world flows ‘swimmingly’ . of course , it would be easier to get in if it weren’t so damned cold — nudging a steely 8c ( 47f ) . yet however enticing it is to bask in languid , tropical waters along with colourful fish , and laze about in mediterranean and caribbean seas , give me the atlantic any day . because , for me , the most perfect swim of all is in scotland , off the hebrides . what i love is the emptiness , the menthol cool of the water . on the isle of islay i have found deserted bays and swum completely alone or just with those i love , the sea crystal-clear and only the sound of the curlews and the water lapping over the rock pools . it’s not warm , of course , but immersed in that wild sea is the closest to beauty i have ever been . why does it affect me so ? freud , not surprisingly , had a view on a love of swimming . he believed it disguised a desire to return to the amniotic waters of the womb . but that’s the sort of freudian thing he would say . i prefer the thoughts of novelist jane austen , so much more restrained , who simply declared swimming ‘delightful’ . she found the combination of sea air and sea water ‘ nearly infallible’ and ‘ a match for every disorder’ . to the romans , swimming was a most manly , heroic occupation , so much so that they defined an ignorant man as one who ‘ neither knows how to read or swim’ . caligula , the cruel and brutally wanton roman emperor , deemed himself a god but his contemporaries whispered he was a wimp — behind his back , presumably — because he couldn’t manage a front crawl or even a doggy-paddle . i came across a similar attitude when i lived in london and finally plucked up the courage to swim in the famous , natural , spring-fed ponds on hampstead heath . the exclusive ladies pond is in a picture-perfect setting , surrounded by trees and wild flowers . but i was scared to go in . the problem was i couldn’t see the bottom . the water was so black and deep , my thoughts would turn black and ominous too , imagining drowning and wondering how many rats were lurking in the murky shadows . but one day , the local indoor pool i used was unexpectedly closed . so i braved the pond . and it was a revelation . i felt i was swimming through silk . i never knew water could be so soft and i forgot about the rats and the unknown depths . and with all the passion of a convert i became so keen on the fresh water and splashing about with ducks i was determined to swim there all year round . poet lord byron ( left ) was a prodigious swimmer , once crossing the four-mile hellespont from asia to europe , while jane austen praised the sea air and water as ' a match for every disorder ' . i bought neoprene gloves and shoes and , as autumn came and the temperature dropped , i invested in a wet-suit . because although there is something to be said for the way you emerge from cold water stinging and tingling as if heated by a feverish drug , i’m not hardy enough for swimming through liquid ice . but , unfortunately , i was not allowed to wear my new wetsuit — ‘ not in the spirit of the ponds’ , i was told by the strict hampstead matriarchs who police it . and my passion faltered and i had to wait again for warmer weather . the coldness of our climate meant that , for centuries in britain , swimming in the wild for pleasure was considered close to madness . the sea and rivers were regarded as sources of disease rather than pleasure . and the church saw swimming as a rather sinful pursuit , possibly because romans treated it as the opportunity for more erotic activities than a few hale and hearty lengths . but then , at the end of the 18th century , george iii gave swimming the royal stamp of approval by taking dips in the sea off weymouth , accompanied apparently by a band who struck up god save the king every time he popped his head out of the water . in 1824 , britain’s first swimming society was formed by a group of old etonians . the david camerons and boris johnsons of their day initiated non-swimmers by taking them out onto the river thames and chucking them in . the victorians had more gentle ways of learning to swim . a boys own paper of 1879 suggested learning from frogs — by catching one , putting it in a bowl of water and then lying your body across a table and imitating the way it moved . george iii brought swimming to fashion in england after years of scepticism from prudish members of the church . whatever methods people learned to swim they were effective and , as more people took to the waters , something had to be done , in the name of modesty , about the habit of swimming naked . a cover-up campaign began , much to the annoyance of francis kilvert , a west country curate who , in 1872 , complained about the ‘ detestable custom of bathing in drawers’ . he loved ‘ the delicious feeling of freedom in stripping in the open air and running down naked to the sea’ . forced to put on underwear ( red and white striped ) to conceal himself , he complained that : ‘ if ladies don’t like to see men naked , why don’t they keep away from the sight ? ’ indeed given the hysteria generated by poldark actor aidan turner’s quick cornish dip , watching men swimming seems to be a pleasure that has never dimmed . personally , i hate being seen swimming , though others clearly don’t . on the nearest beach to me , the determinedly old-fashioned aldeburgh on the suffolk coast , i watch doughty local residents wander through the town in great towelling robes for a morning dip , proudly showing off bodies leathered and tanned by years of immersion in the sea . they are following in the footsteps of the composer benjamin britten , the town’s most famous resident , who extolled the virtues of cold water ‘ just to wake you up’ . on a good day , he’d manage as many as five ‘bathes’ , as he called them , fitting them in between rehearsals and lunch , as well as late at night in the moonlight . his love affair with water lasted through his whole life . he composed the piano piece early morning bathe , which captures all the initial pain and ultimate pleasure of a swim off the english coast — that ‘it’s lovely when you’re in’ feeling . but the problem , for me , is the indignity of actually getting in and out of the sea . it’s bad enough trying to keep your feet as you stagger in . but , unless it is unusually calm , there’s not a hope of emerging from the surf with the composure of bikini-clad ursula andress in the bond film dr no . as i get out , the waves can be so pebble-filled-heavy i’m often hurled flat on my face and have to scrabble over the stones on my stomach . but the humiliation of looking like a seal heaving itself onto dry land is worth it for the joy of that swim . so i will continue to confront the north sea , take delight when the temperature climbs a few degrees as we head into summer in the weeks ahead and then grit my teeth again as it plummets back into winter . because i know from experience that , whatever the season , once i’m swimming , i’m reminded , however briefly , how wonderful it is to be alive .