a 60-year-old man has flown more than 6,000 miles from vancouver to shenzhen , south china and turned himself into a walking billboard in a desperate bid to track down his online ' lover ' . canadian jake malone met a woman calling herself ' rili ' on a social website 11 months ago , who according to her online profile lives in shenzhen and owns a clothing company . she contacted mr malone after becoming divorced and he decided to pay her a visit - but after turning up at her company 's address , he discovered the office had been closed for years , reports the people 's daily online . bid to find online ' lover ' : canadian jake malone flew more than 6,000 miles from vancouver to shenzhenand turned himself into a walking billboard in a desperate bid to track down a woman he met online . an infatuated mr malone , who fell in love with ' rili ' from a photo she sent him , now wanders the streets of the city , which has a population of ten million , with a sign bearing her picture attached to his torso . mr malone claimed it was love at first sight when he saw a photo of ' rili ' , who said her real-life name is rebecca during their correspondence . speaking to china daily , he said : ' she is so beautiful . her smile is cute and soft . i can tell how innocent her heart is by looking into her eyes . ' that innocence is what attracted me to her . ' mr malone said the website on which he met ' rili ' charged 20-30 yuan ( £2-3 ) to receive and send each email . the pair have sent each other 396 emails in the last 11 months and mr malone claims that he has spent more than 11,000 yuan ( £1,100 ) , paying for translators to communicate . he said : ' translators block out all personal details in the emails . so rebecca and i can only communicate through the website . ' mr malone mentioned coming to china to look for ' rili ' a few times , but she said she feared meeting in person would ruin the relationship . despite her uncertainty , the canadian decided to fly to china anyway - emailing ' rili ' about his hotel details and arrival times , though these were blocked by translators . wild goose chase : mr malone has not been able to track down the woman , who calls herself ' rili ' , and is unable to contact her after the website they use to communicate was shut down . unfortunately , the website that the pair met on suddenly shut down when mr malone landed in shenzhen on the april 9 - meaning his mailbox was not accessible . rebecca once told mr malone that she owns a clothing company that has the same name as her internet alias , ' rili ' . after tracking down the company 's address but finding it had closed down , he started to ask around for his online sweetheart . he arrived at donghu hotel and the concierge miss zhang made him a sign that says ' your canadian love is looking for you ' . other hotel staff found a telephone number with the limited online information but no one picked up the call . mr malone carries the sign around his neck and walks around luohu kk mall , a big shopping centre , every day hoping that rebecca will appear . he said : ' people in shenzhen are very friendly . they took photos of me and put them online . i am very thankful for that . love at first sight : mr malone , 60 , said he fell in love with ' rili ' , aka rebecca , as soon as he saw her photo . despite some passers-by warning him that ' rili ' was just looking for someone to talk to , the romantic is adamant their feelings were mutual . he said : ' no , i believe in her , i can feel from her letters that she loves me . ' he says is willing to give up his life in vancouver and move to china if he finds her . he added to china daily : ' i am afraid that she will not be able to get used to the canadian life , but i can adapt to her life in china , ' unperturbed by her lack of english , he says he has always been fascinated with chinese culture and visited the country in 1987 . mr malone is a buddhist and has been practising taichi for a long time . he added : ' i can be an english or taichi teacher since i have been doing that in vancouver . '