newcastle supporters have been encouraged to stand up in protest against mike ashley’s running of the club when they face swansea at st james’ park on saturday . fans group ashleyout.com was behind last sunday’s boycott of the 3-1 defeat at home to spurs , which saw at least 10,000 supporters stay away as their side lost a sixth game on the spin . and now they are encouraging fans to ‘ stand up to ashley’ this weekend . newcastle announced record profits of £18.7million earlier this month before revealing that a further £34m is sat in the bank . newcastle united fans have planned a mass protest against owner mike ashley on saturday afternoon . at least 10,000 supporters stayed away from st james ' park for the club 's last home game against spurs . fans are unhappy at the club 's lack of ambition , despite owner ashley having £34million in the bank . fans are upset and alarmed at what they see as a lack of investment and ambition which has left them with a threadbare squad in danger of relegation . a statement from ashleyout.com read : ‘ for those fans wishing to attend the swansea game , we request them to # standuptoashley after 34 minutes of the game , to represent the fact that having no manager and a threadbare squad devoid of quality , yet having £34m in the bank is not an acceptable situation . ’ they added : ‘ we have seen a vast increase of awareness for mike ashley’s failed ownership of newcastle united in the local and national media and amongst fans who were previously resigned to apathy . ‘ these fans have now hopefully found a vehicle to express their profound dissatisfaction with the situation the club finds itself in , which is essentially one of a proud sporting institution transformed into a giant advertising vehicle . ’ and the protest – which is backed by the respected newcastle united supporters trust – also plans to target ashley’s sports direct stores . the statement continued : ‘ secondly , from 12:30pm on saturday we will target sports direct stores within a 20-mile radius of st. james’ park and their flagship oxford street store by means of a peaceful protest . the supporters ' group have asked fans to stand in the 34th minute of saturday 's match against swansea . fans boycotting the spurs match hold banners demanding the resignation of ashley as newcastle director . newcastle supporters have also been asked to take part in peaceful protests outside sports direct stores . ‘ further details regarding this protest will be released shortly but we wish to emphasise that this must be a peaceful protest and is aimed at mike ashley and the shareholders of sports direct international plc . ‘ this protest is not aimed at the innocent staff members often working with minimal employment rights on zero hours contracts and they must be respected and supported at all times . ‘ this protest will be coordinated with supporters of rangers football club who will target stores in the vicinity of ibrox . ’