that 's not a light lunch , it 's just bad lighting , say administrators at a virginia school standing up for their flotus approved school meals . a concerned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch consisting of a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week . virginia’s portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules . scroll down for video . look appetizing ? : a corned mother took a photo of her child 's lunch , a dull looking fish fillet , a whole wheat bun , and corn and then posted it to social media this week . reasoning : virginia’s portsmouth public schools say that their lunches are in compliance with michelle obama 's federal lunch rules . after the photo began circulating the web , food service coordinator jim gehlhoff said the lunch was ' concerning ' but that it may not actually be as bad as it looks , reports eag news . ' poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ' he said in a statement released to the media . ' the meal in this photo and other meals served by portsmouth public schools meet nutritional and usda requirements , ' said gelhoff . according to the school district 's lunch menu from their website , tuesday’s lunch options included spicy cajun fish with brown rice , a cold cut turkey sandwich , a chef 's salad , fresh orange or canned fruit , and 1 per cent skim milk . wavy took a poll asking people if the though the lunch seemed acceptable and 92.3 per cent of people who voted did n't believe that the lunch looked palatable . ' no child should go to school hungry – it’s that simple , ' committee chair rep. john kline said at a house education and workforce committee this week . 'today’s discussion is not about whether we agree on this basic principle ; i am confident we all do . instead , our discussion today is about beginning a larger effort we will continue in the coming months to ensure the best policies are in place to help reach this goal , ' he continued . another paltry lunch : this lunch posted in october shows another american student 's dissatisfaction with the school meal . squeamish : this school lunch allegedly shows a maggot found in a child 's green beans . the school nutrition association doesn’t think michelle obama 's lunch regulations are to blame but they think a funding increase is needed for the national school lunch program . ‘ that will help school food authorities afford the foods that we must serve , but unfortunately that won’t make students consume it , ’ sna president julia bauscher said during testimony . ‘ and that’s what we’re also focused on…finding ways to ensure students will eat the healthy foods that we’re making available to them and not throw it in the trash . ’ two months ago michelle obama again came under fire for the ' shortcomings ' of her healthy , hunger-free kids act scheme . students and parents posted photos of michelle obama 's ' measly ' school lunches in february and in october of last year . the images , which were all posted on twitter with the hashtag # thanksmichelleobama , range from a slice of moldy salami in a wrap and a green hotdog to a small portion of salad with a side of cheese , to a maggot found in a child 's green beans . filling ? : another student posted this dissatisfying lunch to their twitter last year . 