britain 's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring - and the warm weather is set to last with the country predicted to be hotter than ibiza , athens and barcelona tomorrow . some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest april ever as britons cool off , with the balmy conditions set to continue . the mercury is predicted to soar to 21c ( 70f ) tomorrow , with forecasters warning people to make the most of it before the weather turns for the worse in the second half of this week . scroll down for video . beach bums : two sunbathers take advantage of the hot weather as they bask in the sunshine in old portsmouth , hampshire . summertime already : two friends settle down for an al fresco lunch on bristol 's college green as they enjoy the warm weather . britain 's heatwave has sent ice cream sales soaring , with lily and jack manning , aged 11 and six , enjoying the treat in old portsmouth this afternoon . a gaggle of greylag goslings take in the sunshine on the banks of the river in sonning-on-thames in berkshire . hot dog : a woman and her canine companion enjoy a stroll in green park , london , where temperatures could hit 21c tomorrow . ice cream vendor katy alston , 47 , known as mrs whippy to her customers in the sussex towns of bognor regis and chichester , said the good weather has sent ice cream sales through the roof . she said : ' we have had a nice warm april and it has been absolutely amazing for sales . ' in april we usually potter around and find our feet , but this year it has been really busy . we did an event last week at chichester university and sold out of ice creams in 40 minutes . it was just incredible - and it 's down to the weather . ' everybody says people eat ice cream all year round whatever the weather , but they do n't . children want to but adults wo n't let them . ' we have had our best april ever and i have been in business for 11 years . i would say our turnover for april has trebled . ' ms alston , who runs the business with her daughter georgia , 23 , who is known as little miss whippy , said the traditional 99s , and lemonade and cherry brandy ice lollies are her biggest sellers . the met office said most of britain , including these three young women in green park , basked in sunshine today and will continue to enjoy good weather until wednesday . some ice cream vendors say they have had their busiest april ever as britons cool off , including two-year-old fernella , who looked to be enjoying her cold smarties treat in cannon hill park in birmingham . hot trot : two ducks appear to be leading three horses for a stroll through london 's green park - but rain is forecast for the capital this weekend . basking in the sunshine : a group of people line up beneath the historic hot walls in old portsmouth , with one man dipping his toes in the water . beautiful day for a stroll : a couple walk hand in hand along the towpath by the kennet and avon canal in berkshire today . enjoy it while you can : two women tuck into strawberries in front of the royal crescent in bath , but cooler conditions are expected from thursday . a spokesman for the ice cream alliance , which represents uk sellers , said : ' the hot weather has given ice cream sales a terrific start to the summer season . ' some of our members have reported an increase in sales of ice creams and lollies of 400 per cent , all due to the sunny weather . ' but the industry could take a hit later this week , with rain , cloud and cooler temperatures predicted from thursday . forecasters said showers could hit london this sunday as tens of thousands of runners take part in the london marathon . dan williams , a spokesman for the met office , said most of britain has basked in sunshine today and will continue to enjoy good weather until wednesday . he said : ' there has been lots of sunshine around and the temperatures have been pretty decent for this time of year - temperatures have hit 19c in sussex and 18c in london . ' generally speaking most places have had some decent sunshine . ' tomorrow is a good day again in england and wales , lots of blue skies and sunshine and temperatures in the high teens . ' one man took his shirt off to catch some pre-summer rays in a park in london , but rain could hit the capital for sunday 's marathon . sunbathers were out en masse in the beach in old portsmouth , hampshire , were the sun is expected to last tomorrow and on wednesday . caught napping : taylor messenger was rudely awoken by friends gabrielle thompson and harriet crosby , who threw a bucket of cold sea water over him as he slept on the beach at scarborough . a pair of mothers chat as they push their children through cannon hill park in birmingham , where flowers are well and truly in bloom . a couple enjoy their lunch in the shadow of the clifton suspension bridge in bristol as the uk continues to bathe in sunny weather . kendal , in cumbria , was treated to a glorious golden glow this morning as dawn broke across the rolling fields outside the market town . it was a less pleasant start to the day for this rower , who was out in fog on the river cam in cambridge in the early hours of this morning . mr williams added : ' by thursday a lot more cloud will be around in general and there will be light rain over scotland . ' for most it will be a dry day still with some sunny spells , but generally that cloud is the herald of slightly more unsettled weather . ' the high pressure that has been dominating for the past few days moves over and we see a bit more of what you would expect this time of year . ' patchy rain and breezier conditions are expected to hit at the weekend , and could bring unsettled conditions as runners line up for the london marathon .