twitter suspended more than 10,000 accounts linked to islamic state militants and their supporters in a single 24-hour period in a fresh crackdown on those ' tweeting violent threats ' . jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . now , after questions were asked about what led to the largest ever one-off cull of isis-affiliated accounts , twitter has confirmed that its purge was prompted because they were being used by tech-savvy jihadis to issue threats of violence . online savvy : jihad-watchers noticed thousands of accounts vanishing from the social network last week , most of them claiming to be linked to the extremists currently terrorising vast swathes of the middle east . twitter does not publish data related to the accounts it suspends , but ndtv gadgets reported that the social network 's so-called ' violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by isis militants or supporters of the terror group on april 2 . speaking on condition of anonymity amid fears for his safety , the representative said the cull was prompted in part by the ' large number of reports ' received by online activists and members of the public . without doubt this is a reference to the ' operation anti-isis ' campaign launched by the online ' hacktavist ' collective anonymous , who encouraged members to find and expose thousands of accounts connected with isis and report them to twitter authorities en masse . while the social network says it remains committed to the platform being used as a symbol of free speech , it says it will not tolerate accounts tweeting sickening messages promoting violence . isis - the largest and wealthiest terrorist organisation in history - has long used social media to groom and enlist new recruits , spread sickening propaganda , and glorify rape and massacre . sick : twitter 's so-called ' violations department ' suspended approximately 10,000 accounts used by the isis militants themselves ( pictured ) or by supporters of the terror group , on april 2 . last month it was revealed that web-savvy militants fighting for isis could control as many as 90,000 twitter accounts worldwide , allowing them to spread their sickening propaganda with ease . the terror group is able to ' exert an outsized impact on how the world perceives it ' because of its shrewd use of social media and sheer number of online followers , terror experts have concluded . recommendations in the report by the washington-based brookings institute report include governments and social media companies working together to find new ways to tackle the problem of pro-isis accounts spreading horrific murder videos and images and jihadist rhetoric . while twitter has had success in suspending the accounts , they are effectively playing an exasperating game of whack-a-mole as banned users almost-immediately set up another account . they then encourage isis sympathisers who have not yet been banned to share the details of their new profile and within a matter of hours can have thousands of people once again reading their messages of hate .