thousands of holidaymakers caught up in last summer’s passport delay fiasco have not received any compensation . at the same time , managers at the passport agency , which made a £42 million profit during the chaos , received up to £3,500 in bonuses . ministers refused to give a blanket refund to the desperate families who had to pay extra to get their travel documents rushed through , and even to some who missed out on trips . scroll down for video . the boxes of passport applications piled up at in office in liverpool at the peak of the backlog last summer . keith vaz , who as chairman of the home affairs committee led the calls for compensation , said last night : ‘ i am astonished so few people have been given compensation for what was a fiasco presided over by the management of the passport office , especially as they made a profit last year that ran into millions of pounds . ’ the problems began a year ago as hm passport office struggled to cope with 3.6 million britons applying for documents . by mid-june there were more than half a million passports stuck in the system . ministers agreed to give urgent cases a free upgrade to the fast-track service , but thousands had already paid the extra £30 per passport for this . many still missed trips because their passports did not arrive in time . details obtained by the mail on sunday show scarcely any of the thousands of holidaymakers caught up in the chaos ever got anything back from the passport office . in total just 2,191 compensation applications were approved between april last year and january this year , scarcely changed from 2,077 for the previous year . the total paid out was £203,066 , giving an average sum of £92.68 . the biggest single payout was £5,463 ; the lowest £1 . the passport office said it could not say how many claims were rejected , partly because of ‘ the system failure of our customer complaint database’ . it can be revealed however that ministers rejected a demand by the home affairs select committee for all those left out of pocket to be compensated , saying : ‘ it would create a precedent . ’ home affairs committee chairman keith vaz led the calls for compensation and was ' astonished ' to learn just 2,191 compensation applications were approved . this newspaper contacted more than a dozen holidaymakers who had either missed trips or had to pay extra to get passports in time . only one had got money back . among those refused were mathew bean and hayley kirkham . they lost close to £1,500 on a trip to morocco , where he had planned to propose , because their passports did not arrive in time – even though they had applied ten weeks before they were due to travel and paid for upgrades . hm passport office made a surplus of £42.3 million between april and october last year . in 2013-14 , the most recent figures available , managers were handed a total of £1.8 million in bonuses , with the average reward £499 and the highest £3,500 .