andy flower , england team director who guided sides to three ashes triumphs and the world no 1 spot , will not be interfering in any way with the work of the next director of england cricket . the england cricket board gave flower the confusing title of technical director of elite coaching after he renegotiated a new role at significantly lower pay after resigning as team boss following the last ashes whitewash . this has led to speculation that flower’s continuing role on the ecb staff would conflict with the job description of the new appointment . former england team director andy flower is now technical director of elite coaching at the ecb . but effectively flower is now running the england cricket academy at loughborough and working with young players in a coaching role , and liaising with counties . and it’s understood he has no wish to get involved at england senior level again or become entangled in the politics . those politics have kevin pietersen at centre stage as ever . but flower , having closed one chapter in his life and fully moved on to his behind-the-scenes loughborough role , is highly unlikely to speak out about kp now . meanwhile , pietersen , who is using social media app periscope to film himself getting a sun tan or whistling , continues to dominate the pr battle against the ecb , who botched his axing and have totally mismanaged the fall-out since . kevin pietersen is back playing cricket for surrey in the hope of winning back a test spot in the england side . it looks only a matter of time before manuel pellegrini is sacked as manchester city manager . and his son juan , who is living in england , isn’t waiting for the axe to fall on his father , having already made plans to take his wife and four children back to chile . however , juan’s return is purely for family reasons with his wife , who has just had twins , wanting family support to look after four kids who are under the age of five . only the ecb’s hopeless media team could launch the domestic natwest t20 blast , which needs all the promotional hype it can muster to compete with the ipl and big bash , on the same day as an england test match . and only the ecb , having brought in former ashes hero freddie flintoff to drum up publicity for the launch , could then decide he shouldn’t speak to national newspapers . an ecb spokesman said the date wasn’t ideal but they were constrained by the domestic and international schedule . and the print media snub was due to the ecb having limited time with flintoff . andrew flintoff ( left ) shares a joke with warwickshire and england 's chris woakes at the t20 blast launch . there was a player for all 18 counties present at the t20 blast launch on thursday . it can cause problems in football when agents represent players and managers . but the ecb have no concerns that former county cricketer luke sutton represents both jimmy anderson and england head coach peter moores . likewise , the fa say they have no problems with england manager roy hodgson’s agent being leon angel who also looks after emerging international danny rose . coincidentally , west indies coach phil simmons is paid well enough to need the advice of david manasseh , whose stellar agency clients include the world’s most expensive footballer gareth bale . sepp’s no messiah . sepp blatter’s smooth procession to a ridiculous fifth term as fifa president continued at the central american concacaf congress in the bahamas . such was the lack of democracy blatter’s three rivals weren’t even given the opportunity to address delegates . one delegate , osiris guzman of the dominican republic , was so sycophantic towards blatter he spoke of him in the same terms as moses , jesus christ and nelson mandela . god help us . andrew strauss is part of sky’s top-heavy team of cricket pundits for the ashes series . but that commitment should not prove an obstacle to him becoming director of england cricket , a position for which he is one of the front-runners . strauss is one of the weak links in the commentary box - sir ian botham is the other - and looks far more suited to be a hugh morris-style leader of england cricket if that’s what the ecb decide they’re looking for . former england captain andrew strauss is a front-runner to becoming director of england cricket . such is the friendship between hampshire chairman rod bransgrove and sir ian botham , who are each building houses on st kitts , that the new restaurant in the hilton hotel that is part of the ageas bowl outside southampton is to be called beefy’s despite botham having no association with hampshire .