dr nadeem azeez , 52 , ( pictured ) is thought to be in pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence . an international arrest warrant has been issued for an nhs doctor who is believed to have left the country after a teacher died following a caesarean . dr nadeem azeez , 52 , is thought to be in pakistan but was yesterday charged with manslaughter by gross negligence , along with fellow anaesthetist dr errol cornish , 67 . maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust is also accused of corporate manslaughter – the first time a health trust has been charged with the offence since its introduction in 2008 . frances cappuccini died within hours of her second son’s birth after suffering major complications that resulted in the loss of half her blood . at an earlier inquest hearing , the family’s lawyer said her death might have been avoided if doctors had not persuaded her to change her birth plan . the 30-year-old – a primary school teacher – had intended to have an elective caesarean at tunbridge wells hospital . but she and her husband tom , 35 , reluctantly abandoned their plans after doctors said they should allow labour to progress naturally overnight . their son giacomo was eventually born by emergency caesarean – but mrs cappuccini suffered massive bleeding and died soon afterwards on october 9 , 2012 . her husband was left to bring up the little boy – who has the middle name frankie in memory of his mother – and the couple’s other son , luca , five , by himself . the family’s lawyer neil sheldon told mrs cappuccini’s inquest that she was left struggling to breathe for 90 minutes without being given sufficient oxygen . he also questioned why the teacher did not receive a blood transfusion earlier and suggested there could be an issue with maternity ward staff overruling women’s wishes for their birth plans . the inquest was halted in february last year so evidence could be referred to prosecutors to allow them to consider bringing criminal charges . mr sheldon said at the time : ‘ the family has not entered into the process for any other reason than to have questions answered . they are not trying to have anyone convicted , but they do want to find out what happened and why . ’ neighbours said dr azeez then moved away in september after splitting up with his wife – who is also a doctor – and selling his house in tunbridge wells . he had attended school and completed his medical training in lahore , pakistan , before coming to britain . the father of two is also currently suspended from the general medical council’s register of doctors . tragedy : frances cappuccini , 30 , died from a haemorrhage hours after giving birth to her second son giacomo on october 9 , 2012 . two doctors have been charged with manslaughter by gross negligence . heartbreak : lawyers said mrs cappuccini and her husband tom , 33 , from west malling , kent had decided on birth by planned caesarean - but were allegedly persuaded to try a natural birth instead . a spokesman for kent police said : ‘ an international warrant has been issued for the arrest of dr azeez , who is believed to have left the country and returned to pakistan . ’ dr cornish , of bromley in south london , is originally from south africa where he trained at the university of cape town in the 1970s . delays : an inquest into mrs cappuccini 's death was due to be heard in february last year but was postponed while kent police investigated the possibility of criminal charges . mrs cappuccini , who was affectionately called ‘ mrs coffee’ by her pupils , taught five and six-year-olds at offham primary school , near west malling , also in kent . her positive attitude has been praised by headteacher phillip hunter , who described her as a ‘ bubbly and enthusiastic person’ and paid tribute to her as a ‘ brilliant teacher’ . lawyers for the family said yesterday that they did not want to comment on the decision to charge the two anaesthetists . maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust – which was criticised in 2007 after 90 patients died in an outbreak of superbug c difficile – said it could not make a statement for legal reasons . the first hearing in the case will take place at sevenoaks magistrates’ court on friday next week . mrs cappuccini managed to spend time with her new son who was born weighing 7lb 15oz and nurse him before she died . she and her husband tom had a son luca , who was three at the time of her death . mrs cappuccini had taught at offham primary school in west malling for nine years after training there . colleagues and friends described her as ' bubbly and enthusiastic ' and a ' brilliant teacher ' . phillip hunter , head of the 200 pupil primary school , said at the time of her death : ' frankie did her teacher training with us nine years ago and stayed on afterwards . ' she was a bubbly , enthusiastic and positive person and on top of all a brilliant teacher . ' she was a friend and a colleague to us . the community is shattered to learn of her death . ' the maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust said today it was unable to comment on the case . workplace : mrs cappuccini had taught at offham primary school in west malling for nine years before she dfed . tribute : the children affectionately called her ' mrs coffee ' and wrote their own messages after her death . death : the teacher died at pembury hospital in tunbridge wells , kent , pictured , almost three years ago . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .