nicola adams has no intention of following her former great britain team-mate natasha jonas into retirement as she focuses on becoming a double olympic gold medallist in rio next year . having overcome another lengthy injury lay-off , adams is preparing to return to an english ring for the first time since her london 2012 triumph at the national championships in liverpool next week . and with a world gold medal still proving elusive , the 32-year-old adams insists she has absolutely no plan to set a time-scale on when it will finally be time to hang up her golden gloves . british boxer nicola adams is hoping to become a double olympic gold medallist in rio . adams ( right , pictured during her london 2012 final win over cancan ren ) is hoping to retain her crown . adams said : ' i will keep fighting as long as i have the motivation to do so and there is no reason why that should not continue after the rio olympics . ' at the moment becoming a double olympic champion is the only thing on my mind but i have other goals left to achieve including world gold after only taking three silvers so far . ' despite all my injury problems i have never lost my love for the sport and as long as i keep that love of fighting and entertaining the crowd i will still be eager to compete . ' adams will face a rare challenge to her domestic dominance in liverpool with her 51kg category also including lisa whiteside , who won world silver in adams ' absence earlier this year . natasha jonas , pictured in blue at london 2012 , announced her retirement from boxing on april 7 . the preston fighter has boiled down to the flyweight division in order to challenge for adams ' olympic spot and they should go head-to-head for the first time in next sunday 's final . but adams , who underwent shoulder surgery earlier this year , warned : ' i am feeling really good - my speed and timing have returned and i feel like a whole new fighter . ' i had to change my style for the commonwealth games because i had to hide just how much of a problem my shoulder was causing , but i came through it and took the gold medal . ' now it is not giving me any problems at all so i can revert to the way i have always fought and hopefully the fans in liverpool will be able to see me at my best . ' 