spring . the season that brings with it ' the sweet smell of different flowers in odor and in hue ' . william shakespeare once wrote . try telling that to apparent cold-blooded manchester city stars yaya toure , sergio aguero , martin demichelis and eliaquim mangala , who chose to pull on their woolies for april 's blockbuster manchester derby in front of an unforgiving old trafford crowd ; unusually late for this time of year . admittedly temperatures in the north west on sunday afternoon were not exactly soaring - hitting between six and eight degrees celsius by the time of the 4pm kick off - but was it enough to wear gloves while competing as a top athlete for 90 minutes ? probably not . yaya toure ( left ) was one of four players in the manchester derby who chose to wear gloves at old trafford . after another below-par game toure was described by gary neville as a ' weed ' in manchester city 's garden . glove-wearing sergio aguero opened the scoring on derby day . it was a far from blossoming performance for the visitors as well , and like autumn leaves city fell embarrassingly to their local rivals . after a less-than-warm welcome and despite springing first at old trafford following an early strike from sergio aguero , city lacked the killer edge to overcome their adversaries . this time of year is notorious for exposing a plague of unwanted weeds in the garden , and gary neville knew this all too well after the clash saw his former enemies lose for the fourth time in six premier league matches . eliaquim mangala looked shaky again in the manchester city defence but at least his hands stayed warm . argentina defender martin demichelis ( right ) slides in on wayne rooney during the fierce encounter . outlook : sprinkles . partly sunny . wind : 14 mph . humidity : ↑ 93 % temperature : 43 ( f ) . ' there are some weeds in the garden and you 've got to get them out of the changing room pretty quick , ' neville said of the city players - particularly toure - in his post-match analysis . ' you can not carry passengers . ' goals from ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling made sure under-fire boss manuel pellegrini would be thinking about preparing his weed killer by the end of the night . but it was n't only the city quartet who needed the warmth ... fourth official at old trafford , jonathan moss , was also sporting a pair of hand warmers whilst introducing both sets of substitutes on sunday . however , we 'll let him off , he was only watching . fourth official jonathan moss was also among those to wrap up warm at old trafford . 