when a rubber dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees across the mediterranean began to sink , a nigerian christian prayed for his life in an innocent act that would end in the deaths of 12 fellow migrants . one of the muslims on board the rickety craft ordered him to stop , saying : ' here , we only pray to allah . ' when he refused , a violent fight ensued and 12 christians drowned when they were thrown overboard by the muslim refugees . the tragic news comes amid reports that an unprecedented 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa have been rescued by italian ships in the past week . scroll down for videos . desperate : nigerian muslims on a dinghy carrying around 100 african refugees across the mediterranean became angry when one christian passenger began praying for his life ( refugees in sicily pictured ) . furious : when he refused to stop , the muslim migrants threw 12 christians off the rickety boat ( refugees in sicily pictured ) . rescue : meanwhile another boat transporting migrants arrives at a port in messina after finding them adrift in the mediterranean . refugees : these migrants are among the 10,000 refugees fleeing war and persecution in africa who have been rescued by italian ships in the past week . but over 900 making the perilous journey have either died or gone missing since the start of the year and 400 migrants died in two shipwrecks last week . those who witnessed the african christians being murdered on the crammed dinghy told investigators how nigerian muslims became angry at christian who started praying . ' they told him that they would throw him overboard if he did n't stop praying to god , ' he said , according to la republica . the witness added : ' they started shouting , two pushed the lad and he fell in the sea and drowned . ' the muslims ' went mad ' and began screaming `` allah is great '' before they attacked migrants who tried to defend the boy , according to the times . when 12 migrants were mercilessly thrown overboard , the other christians formed a human chain and protected themselves against the attackers by clinging to the dinghy . a rescue ship arrived one hour later , according to a ghanaian witness called yeboah . italian police arrested 15 people suspected of the killing including ousmane camar from the ivory coast . exodus : the un said that 23,500 migrants had sailed to italy ( pictured ) this year in addition to 12,000 who had sailed to greece . killer : italian police arrested 15 people suspected of killing the christian refugees , including ousmane camar from the ivory coast ( refugees in sicily pictured ) . injured : a six-month old baby with severe burns on her face was among traumatised survivors of another sea rescue near italy 's lampedusa island on friday ( refugees in sicily pictured ) . the 21-year-old was identified by the wound on his big toe which he received when a migrant he threw overboard bit him . the boat 's passengers reportedly looked distressed when it finally arrived in the port of palermo in southern-italy on wednesday . a six-month old baby with severe burns on her face was among traumatised survivors of another sea rescue near italy 's lampedusa island on friday . the infant was one of 70 refugees on board the half-inflated rubber dinghy that was rescued by the italian coastguard after two days adrift on the mediterranean sea . many of the migrants on board suffered horrific burns from a gas explosion before departing from libya , but were forced on the smugglers ' boat without treatment . the un refugee agency said the explosion occurred at a holding centre run by smugglers who demand thousands of pounds for a place on the dangerous boats . shocking : a six-month old baby with severe burns on her face was among traumatised survivors of another sea rescue near italy 's lampedusa island on friday ( file photo ) . several people died in the tragic accident and many more were injured , according to the un high commissioner for refugees ' spokesperson . barbara molinario said : ' the traffickers would not allow them to leave and reach the hospital so they did not get treatment for a few days . and then they were put on a boat . ' another un spokesperson carlotta sami said : ' they were held in libya for two to three days without being given medical care then forced onto a dinghy which began to sink immediately . she claimed to ' have never before seen cruelty like this ' as the migrants ' burns were exposed to blistering heat and salt water for two days at sea . the un said that 23,500 migrants had sailed to italy this year in addition to 12,000 who had sailed to greece .