no gilet ; no problem for tim sherwood . make no bones about it , the aston villa manager enjoyed this victory . beating the club who ruthlessly relieved him of his duties last summer , on their home patch , as his side took a giant step towards premier league survival — it does not get much better than that . he knew it , too , ecstatically saluting the villa faithful with both fists clenched at the final whistle before shaking mauricio pochettino’s hand . christian benteke heads aston villa into the lead against tottenham in the 35th minute of the game . benteke celebrates the goal that gave tim sherwood 's team the advantage at the end of the first half . benteke continued his fine form for villa from tuesday , where he scored a hat-trick in the 3-3 draw with queens park rangers . benteke ( second left ) is mobbed by his villa team-mates after scoring the opening goal against tottenham . benteke points to the sky as he led the villa attack against tottenham in the premier league .  tottenham hotspur : vorm 6 ; chriches 4.5 ( yedlin 79 ) , dier 6 , fazio 6.5 , rose 6.5 , mason 6.5 , bentaleb 6.5 ; townsend 5.5 ( lamela 79 ) , eriksen 6 , chadli 5.5 ( soldado 62 , 5 ) ; kane 6.5 . subs not used : paulinho , friedel , stambouli , davies . booked : bentaleb , rose , lamela . aston villa : guzan 7.5 ; bacuna 7.5 , clark 6 ( baker 18 , 7.5 ) , vlaar 8 , richardson 7 ; sanchez 7 , cleverley 7 , delph 8 ; agbonlahor 7 ( cole 70 , 6.5 ) , benteke 8.5 , grealish 7 ( weimann 63 , 6.5 ) . subs not used : okore , n'zogbia , given , lowton . booked : benteke , richardson . sent-off : sanchez . goal : benteke , 35 . referee : lee probert . att : 35,687 . mom : benteke . the premier league standings after villa 's victory over totteham . sportsmail 's match zone shows the pattern of play which led to benteke 's goal . sherwood went back for more , striding on to the pitch he called home last season for another double-fisted celebration as villa supporters cheered wildly . all this without his trademark body-warmer on a mild day in north london . ‘ this is my most satisfying victory as a manager , because it’s at such an important stage of the season and no-one gave us a chance , ’ said sherwood . ‘ this week i’ve had so many people tell me , “ you can’t win at white hart lane , villa never win there” . ‘i’ve been in the pressure of a title race as a player , but this is worse . when you’re a player you only think about yourself . as a manager you’ve got the expectations of the whole club — and this isn’t a little club , it’s massive . ’ villa manager sherwood was visibly ecstatic at recording the win and getting three points upon the final whistle . leandro bacuna ( centre ) of villa reacts to missing a chance to get on the scoresheet against tottenham . sherwood ( left ) greets tottenham manager mauricio pochettino before the start of the premier league encounter . villa midfield player tom cleverley ( left ) takes the ball past tottenham 's christian eriksen . nabil bentaleb ( left ) of tottenham challenges jack grealish of villa for possession in the first half . villa midfielder carlos sanchez was sent off for committing a second bookable offence in the final exchanges against tottenham . as for tottenham , they can kiss the idea of champions league football goodbye after this lacklustre defeat . this display suggests they do not deserve a top-four finish . federico fazio , alongside eric dier in central defence , was handed the unenviable task of taming christian benteke after jan vertonghen missed out through illness . the belgian striker’s run of seven goals in five games had given villa’s survival hopes a shot in the arm . by the final whistle fazio was probably wishing vertonghen had taken a shot of something to cure his illness as the brilliant benteke fired villa to victory . spurs carved out the first clear-cut chance in the 27th minute , brad guzan saving well after harry kane had played in danny rose down the left . that was as good as it got for tottenham , though , as benteke’s influence grew . crowd reaction . all was going well until his exuberant celebrations at the final whistle , which prompted an angry reaction from the home fans in the west stand but he merely shook his fist at them and disappeared down the tunnel . got an easy ride during the game , though , and gave the villa fans a wave after they asked for one in the 16th minute . touchline behaviour . the spring weather allowed to him leave his gilet indoors so there were no flying jackets this time . he did not leave his seat until the eighth minute then remained standing for the most part . little more than a subtle fist pump when christian benteke scored the winner but his emotions poured out at the final whistle . told someone on the spurs bench to ‘ shut the f*** up’ as tempers flared in stoppage time . tactics . sherwood has shown once again that he knows how to get a striker scoring . benteke , who fronted a three-pronged attack , scored the winner before the manager set his side up perfectly to deal with the second-half spurs fightback , although it never seemed to come . verdict . low-key return for sherwood who nailed the game plan and left with three precious points . looks a different , more relaxed man , although he showed a glimpse of the old tim at the final whistle . villa striker benteke shoots at goal in an attempt to score his second goal of the game against tottenham . andros townsend ( centre ) of tottenham takes the ball beyond kieran richardson ( left ) as villa captain fabian delph looks on . tottenham striker harry kane ( right ) takes on ron vlaar of villa in an attempt to get his team back into the game . nathan baker ( right ) a substitute for villa , slides in against kane and wins the ball . grealish ( right ) jostles for possession of the ball alongside tottenham defender vlad chiriches . townsend ( centre ) leaps over a challenge from kieran richardson as tottenham battled against villa . villa goalkeeper brad guzan ( centre ) leads the celebrations with the away supporters at the final whistle . gabriel agbonlahor should have been allowed to go one on one with michel vorm as he sprung tottenham’s offside trap , but he was wrongly flagged in the 31st minute . the decision sparked the first animated complaint from sherwood , who had been unusually subdued to that point . four minutes later , sherwood was back on his feet . not in anger this time , but in delight . if villa preserve their top-flight status they will owe it to benteke . they will also have spurs defender vlad chiriches — filling in at right back for the injured kyle walker — to thank . the romanian , who has been a peripheral figure for pochettino , was having an uncomfortable afternoon , and the home fans were letting him know it , too . chiriches’s carelessness led to villa’s winner . after he sloppily conceded possession around 10 yards outside his area , the ball eventually fell to bacuna , from whose cross benteke out-jumped fazio and directed his header past vorm . villa deserved their lead ; without being easy on the eye , there was an intensity to their game that tottenham could not handle . and in first-half stoppage time they very nearly doubled their advantage . not for the first time , a long pass found benteke , whose header released agbonlahor , who cut inside dier before watching his low drive from the edge of the area hit the post . any faint hopes pochettino still harboured of a top-four finish were fading fast . tottenham did step up the tempo in the second half ; rose and kane both went close with speculative efforts . but if benteke was villa’s first-half hero , their central-defensive partnership of ron vlaar and nathan baker took the honours after the break as sherwood’s men soaked up the pressure . tottenham midfield player ryan mason ( left ) holds off grealish as he tries to get spurs back into the game . tottenham 's temporary captain kane ( left ) is closed down in possession of the ball by grealish . gabriel agbonlahor winces after getting a knock in villa 's game at tottenham on saturday . pochettino made a double switch 11 minutes from time : erik lamela replaced andros townsend and deandre yedlin came on for his spurs debut in place of chiriches , who departed to ironic applause . but it was villa who missed two glorious chances to wrap up victory , vlaar and fabian delph spurning gilt-edged opportunities in the closing stages . to add to sherwood’s anxiety , villa had to play the final few minutes with 10 men after carlos sanchez picked up a second yellow card for a late challenge on rose . the match descended into farce as both teams were involved in a melee just before the final whistle . soon afterwards , though , sherwood and villa erupted . 