roberto martinez complained seamus coleman should have been awarded a free-kick before the everton defender conceded the penalty that allowed swansea to pinch a 1-1 draw at the liberty stadium . everton manager martinez felt coleman had been barged by home striker marvin emnes before the irish right-back scooped away the ball with his hands . and martinez claimed referee michael oliver should have risen above the appeals from the swansea faithful and used ' common sense ' to rule in favour of everton . seamus coleman falls over under the challenge from marvin emnes and handles the ball . coleman appears to apologise to the visiting fans at the full-time whistle , but his manager says he was fouled . martinez said on bt sport 1 : ' my thoughts are that straight away there is contact . seamus tells me straight away there is contact and he gets unbalanced . ' sometimes you need to apply a little bit of common sense . ' clearly there 's contact . i 've seen it many times given as a free-kick . ' the whole action for me is too soft . i do n't think that there 's enough threat or a goalscoring threat to give a penalty . ' he 's trying to protect the ball and gets unbalanced and from that point he expects the free-kick to be given . the everton players protest but michael oliver deemed coleman 's handball deliberate , and gave a penalty . jonjo shelvey made no mistake from the spot as the former liverpool midfielder equalised for swansea . ' it 's one of those actions where you expect the referee to be a little bit more above the occasion . ' you felt the crowd were asking for two or three decisions and it was building up to a decision and unfortunately we were on the receiving end . ' martinez labelled the result ' a real disappointment ' , after aaron lennon 's first-half strike had looked set to give the visitors all three points . jonjo shelvey tucked away the penalty equaliser in the 69th minute . martinez added : ' the only criticism is we had a period of 10 , 15 , 20 minutes where we were too comfortable in the second half and did n't find that final shot or try to score the second goal , but apart from that i do feel the draw does n't reflect what happened . ' roberto martinez was clearly angry with the referee 's decision as his current side were held by his old club . 