alan stubbs says he feared there would have been crowd trouble if he 'd agreed to have his hibs team form a guard of honour for hearts in the edinburgh derby . hearts head coach robbie neilson and jambos defender alim ozturk have both rounded on their city rivals for refusing a public display of acknowledgement for the championship title winners at easter road . rangers lined up to applaud hearts on to the ibrox pitch when the teams played just over a week ago , and queen of the south and alloa did the same . but stubbs , who admitted that the police had n't been consulted , insisted that the threat of unrest – not a lack of respect – was responsible for the decision . hibs boss alan stubbs feared unrest among fans if his side formed a guard of honour for city rivals hearts . ' it 's been turned into a lack of respect , ' said the hibs boss . ' well , i rang robbie the day after they won the league and congratulated them and said they had been the best team over the season and that it had been fully deserved . ' my players have come out in the press and said hearts have been the best team . i think that 's respect . ' the reason why we decided against it is because there are two sets of rivals fans , it 's a derby , there 's going to be a lot of animosity . you are going to have one set of fans that will be jovial because they 've won the league , you 'll have one that are not going to be happy about that . ' the most important thing is the safety of the fans and that 's the main reason we 've done it . we do n't want to start the game on a bad foot , that 's the reason we 've done it . not a lack of respect . it 's a respect for fans . it 's a decision we spoke about and we feel as if it 's the right decision for both sets of fans . ' we ca n't let this get out of control for the reasons we 've done it . we 've seen silly things happen over the years and we do n't want to get into that state because of a guard of honour . ' if i won the league and we were at tynecastle , i would n't expect a guard of honour there . we do n't turn around and say because one team has done it every other team has to . i would n't expect it . ' because you know it only takes on person . before you know it , you 've got a situation on your hands that could have been prevented . we want the derby to be spoken about for the right reasons , not the wrong reasons – and it only takes one idiot . ' agreeing that it would be unthinkable for either old firm team to offer their oldest rivals a guard of honour in a similar situation , stubbs said : ' so why 's it any different here ? ' it 's a derby and it means a lot to both sets of fans . ' hearts head coach robbie neilson feels that it is disrespectful not to acknowledge his team 's achievements . hearts fans favourite ozturk inferred that the decision not to have a guard of honour showed a lack of respect by hibs , while boss neilson claimed it could backfire on them on the pitch . ' it is up to them if they want to do it , ' said ozturk . ' but other teams have shown respect to us - and if hibs do n't want to do it , that says a lot about them . ' teams like rangers showed us a little bit of respect for a fantastic season and it 's a good feeling because you have worked really hard all season to win the league like this . ' that kind of respect you get is really nice but they [ hibs ] are not going to do it , so that is it . is that going to motivate me ? yes . i have a lot of respect for the other teams . this gives us extra motivation to show them why we ' re champions . if you 're asking me , i would have no problem with doing that for hibs . ' neilson added : ' that 's hibs ' prerogative . i think it will actually take some of the focus off our players , instead of coming out to a guard of honour and not concentrating on the game . ' it can also give the opposition team a bit of spirit and a bit of fight to say : ' we 've given you a guard of honour , now we are going to turn you over ! ' that can happen . ' i 've been in that situation where you are standing there clapping , and your first thought is to go out there and show them . hopefully it will work in our favour that they do n't do it on sunday . ' hearts fans favourite alim ozturk ( right ) shares his boss ' view that hibernian should pay tribute to them . 