detectives probing the murders of a playboy bunny and a 16-year-old schoolgirl 40 years ago have offered a £40,000 reward in a bid to bring their killer to justice . eve stratford , a 22-year-old glamour model who worked at london 's playboy club , was found with her throat slashed in her leyton home on the evening of 18 march 1975 . six months later , lynne weedon , 16 , was attacked and raped in an alleyway near her home in hounslow at 11pm on september 3 , as she returned from a night out with friends . she was found abandoned and barely alive at an electricity sub-station the next morning and died a week later . eve stratford , 22 , a playboy bunny , was stabbed between eight and 12 times when she was murdered on the evening of 18 march 1975 . both murders were linked in july 2006 after matching dna was discovered on the victims , who did not know each other . it appears the motive was sexual - lynne had been raped , and it is likely eve had also been raped although detectives have n't been able to rule out consensual sex . the reward was posted last night as detectives appealed for information , which could lead to the identification , arrest and prosecution of those responsible , on bbc 's crimewatch show . lynne 's mother , margaret weedon , described the murder 40 years ago as a ' true life sentence ' for the family . lynne weedon ( right ) was beaten over the head with a blunt object . detectives believes lynda farrow ( left ) , who was knifed to death in 1979 , was also a victim of the same killer . she said : ' we have missed out on so much ; she missed out on life , no relationship or marriage , no career or children or even just travelling the world , all taken from her . ' we are left 40 years on always wondering what it would have been like . ' we are well aware that whoever murdered lynne also murdered eve stratford . that young lady also had her life snubbed out . her family have died now . another true life sentence . ' the hurt eases but the pain still sits deep somewhere inside . there are so many questions . so many thoughts . so much heartache . ' i will make a mother 's plea for anyone who can tell us some information about the person who took my daughter and eve stratford 's lives to come forward . please , please give us some sort of closure . ' detective chief inspector noel mchugh from scotland yard said he was hopeful the killer had let details slip over the years - maybe to a partner , a friend or even a cellmate or medical professional . he said it is likely the suspect for both murders is now in his 60s or 70s . the glamour model was 22 when she was killed in her home and police said her throat had been slashed between eight and 12 times . police believe lynne was followed on foot from great western road into the short hedges ( pictured right ) , before she was hit with a blunt instrument - her body was thrown over the fence and she was left for dead . mr mchugh said detectives are keeping an open mind but have previously said it is possible the killer knew his victims , particularly eve who had a huge circle of friends and acquaintances . he added : ' it 's inconceivable the killer of eve and lynne has kept the perfect secret for 40 years . 18 march 1975 : playboy bunny eve stratford found with her throat slashed at her home . 3 september 1975 : lynne weedon , 16 , was attacked and raped in an alleyway at 11pm . 10 september 1975 : schoolgirl died in hospital from her injuries . july 2006 : murders linked in 2007 after matching dna was discovered on the victims . march 2015 : police launched fresh appeal on the 40th anniversary of their deaths . april 2015 : detectives offer £40,000 reward for information about killings . ' it 's a heavy burden to carry and he must have let details slip over the years - maybe to a partner , a friend , even a cellmate - and i would appeal to anyone with information to contact us . ' mr mchugh appealed in particular to mental health professionals and prison officers who may have received disclosures from a patient or prisoner . former met police detective colin sutton believes a third woman , lynda farrow - who was knifed to death in her home four years later in 1979 - was also a victim of the same killer . miss stratford worked as a bunny girl at the playboy club in london 's park lane , which was the height of decadence when it opened in 1966 . she was 22 when she was killed in her home and police said her throat had been slashed between eight and 12 times . detectives believe she may have known her killer and invited him into the flat she shared with her boyfriend tony priest , the lead singer with the pop band onyx , who found her body . miss stratford ( left ) worked as a bunny girl at the playboy club in london 's park lane , which was the height of decadence when it opened in 1966 . this map shows the three unsolved murders all took place in close proximity - it is believed they are all linked . she was found dead in the bedroom of her flat at 5.30pm with a nylon stocking tied around one ankle and a scarf binding her hands behind her back . an hour earlier a neighbour had heard a male and female voice talking , apparently calmly , in her flat . there was no sign of forced entry . a blood-splattered bouquet of flowers she had bought earlier that day lay next to her body . she was last seen walking alone near her home in lyndhurst drive , leyton , shortly before 4pm on a snowy day in march . later that year lynne was beaten over the head with a blunt object as she took a short-cut to her home in hounslow . she was then thrown over a fence into the grounds of an electricity sub-station before being raped and left for dead . a school caretaker looking after the grounds found her still alive and she was taken to west middlesex hospital where she died a week later . the post-mortem examination found her skull was smashed with a heavy blunt instrument , but the weapon was never recovered . anyone with information is asked to call the incident room on 020 8785 8099 or , to remain anonymous , call crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 . lynne was beaten over the head with a blunt object as she took a short-cut to her home in hounslow , pictured an officer at the scene . 