manchester united midfielder michael carrick has revealed he wants to take up a career in motorsport when his playing days are over . carrick has enjoyed a renaissance this season as louis van gaal 's side put their stuttering start to the season behind them and carved out a place in the champions league places . the former west ham and tottenham star , now 34 , is not planning to hang up his boots any time soon , but when he does he says he 'd like to try his hand behind the wheel of an f1 car . michael carrick celebrates after manchester united score , and hopes to be playing for many more years . carrick revealed that , when he finally hangs up his boots , he wants to try his hand at formula one . he told mutv : ' i would n't swap football for anything ... except maybe to be an f1 driver . ' i 'd love to have a go . i love the sport , i 'm a massive fan . i 've done a few track days and enjoyed that , but there 's nothing like going to watch f1 . i 'm hooked on it . ' football is work and it 's a lot more than that too . but it 's about getting balance in your life as you get older . ' at 33 or 34 , that 's when you 're not sure how your body is going to react . ' living right and trying to look after myself gives me a better chance . i feel as good and as a fit as i ever have . ' i 'm not saying i can last as long as giggsy ( ryan giggs ) . not many people , if anyone , can do what he did . but i tried to learn off giggsy , scholesy ( paul scholes ) and gaz nev ( gary neville ) . carrick talks to united assistant ryan giggs , and says he wants to emulate the legend 's longevity . carrick applauds the old trafford fans , as he tries to find ways to keep at the top of his game , despite his age . ' it 's stuff in the gym , yoga , living right , eating right ... it all comes together and hopefully gives you a chance of playing for that extra couple of years . ' the 34-year-old midfielder , who started his professional career at west ham , admits moving to london from his family home in the north east at the age of 15 was one of the biggest challenges he ever faced . ' moving to london at 15 was a struggle , but the best thing i ever did , ' he said . the first three or four months were tough . carrick ( right ) moved to west ham as a 15-year-old , and says it forced him to grow up fast . ' the football was great , but when you were going back [ to where you were staying ] you did n't have someone there . you did n't have a mobile phone back then , it was a case of going to the phone box [ to call home ] . ' things like that now you take for granted but then it was a big deal . but it helped me grow . it shaped me a lot faster than if i 'd stayed in newcastle and been pampered . ' watch carrick : life before united on mutv ( tuesday 14:00 , 21:30 , wednesday 09:30 , 18:00 ) .  