when it comes to the coachella festival , a number of suspect looks crop up each year including hippie ensembles , outlandish headgear and plenty of skin - and 2015 has been no exception . but as the first weekend of the arts and music festival wrapped in indio , california , some of the outfits paraded around the sunny campus - or lack thereof - stood out as being particularly woeful . from the couple who wore matching american flag leotards to the man who sported a loincloth over speedos , could this be the worst year for coachella street style yet ? scroll down for video . call the fashion police : from the couple who wore matching american flag leotards ( left ) to the man who sported a loincloth over speedos ( right ) , could this be the worst year for coachella street style yet ? the searing california heat was excuse enough for countless festival revellers to ditch most of their clothes , and the scraps that remained left much to be desired . one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips , two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug . another was dressed in a strappy monokini , essentially leaving her practically naked apart from a pair of sturdy boots , a beaded headband , shades and a sheer white printed kimono . one festival goer seemed to have taken a leaf from kanye west 's recent catwalk show in which he dressed models in clinging nude bodystockings . her skin tight body suit was teamed with gladiator sandals , plenty of tattos and a silver necklace-cum-harness . skin on show : string monokinis teamed with lace-up boots ( left ) competed with nude bodysuits and strappy sandals ( right ) on the dodgy style stakes . rock on : one woman spotted was nude except for a minute chainmail band slung around her hips , two silver star stickers covering her nipples and a breezy shrug . which is worse - clashing florals ( left ) or matchy-matchy two-pieces ( right ) ? time to hit the beard-garden ! this festival goer wove plastic flowers into his facial hair . then there was the party animal who threw poses in a lurid , multi-colored swimming costume , complete with shimmering butterfly wings and a clashing patterned bum-bag . and speaking of clashing , there was a lot of that . celebrity offenders included paris hilton , who strutted around yesterday in a turquoise paint-splattered maxi-dress , and katy perry , who teamed a metallic gold bikini top with a pair of patchwork denim dungarees and a bright orange bomber jacket . the worst fashion moments from just about every recent decade came out in full force ; from the tie-die crop tops of the nineties to the deeply unflattering high-waisted ankle-flappers of the eighties , and the clashing florals of the sixties and seventies . headgear was , as always , blindingly popular , with opulent bejewelled forehead chains and blooming-awful flower crowns the order of the day . psychedelic : then there was the party animal who threw poses in a lurid , multi-coloured swimming costume , complete with shimmering butterfly wings and a clashing patterned bum-bag . squeaky-clean white was the order of the day for clean bandit 's grace chatto ( left ) and twilight 's kellen lutz ( right ) . brit supermodel jordan dunn ( left ) made a rare style misstep and went all-out with aggressively purple hair and black crochet at soho house 's coachella pop-up yesterday . complex knotted hair styles were enough to put princess leia 's braided buns to shame , and washed out ombre hues were about as tired as the peace signs which sprouted from the fists of every woman who realized she was having her photo taken . even stylist-armed celebrities failed to side-step their share of festival fashion disasters . brit supermodel jordan dunn went all-out with aggressively purple hair and black crochet , while kendall jenner 's overload on chunky gold accessories rendered her reminiscent of a swashbuckling pirate who had just looted a treasure chest . the second instalment of coachella , which attracted nearly 580,000 attendees last year and grossed a record-breaking $ 78.3 million , kicks off on april 17 . this woman ( left ) could n't have picked a more unflattering pair of high-waisted ankle-flappers , while teaming a hippy skirt with dowdy white sandals ( right ) just looked granny-ish on another festival-goer . three musketeers : kendall jenner 's overload on chunky gold accessories rendered her reminiscent of a swashbuckling pirate who had just looted a treasure chest ( left ) , and neither fergie ( center ) nor hailey baldwin ( right ) fared much better on the style stakes . jen 's pirate booty la vie off-the-shoulder crop top at nasty gal . crop it like it 's hot . visit site . coachella seems to be the one place where kendall lets loose in terms of her style and is open to experimenting ; she just wants to fit in with her jenner-ation ! the catwalk strutter has a flair for festival fashion , and she always pulls out all of the stops at this annual la music festival . take this gypsy style outfit which comprises of an off-shoulder white crop top and flowing black maxi skirt with thigh splits , tied together with a statement waist belt . the top is by jen’s pirate booty and is the perfect take on summer bohemian vibes . styled with everything and anything from denim cut offs and brown boots to maxi skirts and sandals , this off-shoulder top will set pulses races however you wear it . and the best part is that it 's attainable for us mere mortals ; it 's only $ 88 at nasty gal , so hurry up and buy it with a click to the right before it sells out . she 's a normal teen at heart ! if you want to emulate kendall 's look for even less , take a gander at the style edit below at our top picks from the likes of charlotte russe , guess , and more . re : named solid off shoulder crop top . visit site . charlotte russe chevron off-the-shoulder top . visit site . guess off-the-shoulder eyelet top at bloomingdale 's . visit site . free people willow crop top . visit site . flower crowns ( left ) proved to be a craze that has stubbornly refused to die , while less mainstream trends like the belly-dancer ensemble ( right ) also cropped up . the clash : paris hilton ( left ) strutted around yesterday in a turquoise paint-splattered maxi-dress , and katy perry ( right ) teamed a metallic gold bikini top with a pair of patchwork denim dungarees and a bright orange bomber jacket . complex knotted hair styles were enough to put princess leia 's braided buns to shame , and washed out ombre hues were about as tired as the peace signs which sprouted from the fists of every woman who realized she was having her photo taken . as a rule of thumb , if you feel the need to literally advertise your outfit as ' fly ' , it probably is n't ( left ) and matching ombre hair with an ombre garment is just far too much ombre for one human ( right ) . the countless bejewelled headpieces that adorned the foreheads of festival revellers this year were one of coachella 's more pervasive trends .