it’s one of the most striking style transformations in british politics . snp leader nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning . the 44-year-old looked particularly glamorous on her way to bbc’s andrew marr show in a fuchsia column dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique . scroll down for video . snp leader nicola sturgeon has left her boxy jackets ( in 2012 , left ) and severe suits in the past - and she proved her new style credentials with a stunning appearance yesterday morning ( right ) . miss sturgeon ( pictured last year , right , and in 2009 , left ) is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist in the run-up to the scottish parliament election in 2007 . she looked svelte in the £179 knee-length 1940’s-style ‘blitz’ dress by edinburgh fashion label totty rocks , which was paired with a pair of raspberry stilettos . miss sturgeon has been praised recently for her sartorial choices . she now favours skirt suits that cinch in at the waist and skim the knee . she is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and employed a stylist in the run-up to the scottish parliament election in 2007 . and her hair has been dyed lighter and cut it in a shorter , sleeker style . miss sturgeon’s new look is a world away from her appearance in 2010 when she modelled clothes made from blankets in a charity event ( left ) . in earlier photographs , from the late 1990s ( left ) , miss sturgeon’s dark hair , cut into a choppy style , made her look older than her years . nicola sturgeon as a schoolgirl , right . although the snp leader claims to be uninterested in splashing out on expensive clothes and bags in the past , she has admitted to a fondness for kurt geiger shoes . miss sturgeon’s new look is a world away from her appearance in 2010 when she modelled clothes made from blankets in a charity event . in a shapeless knee-length yellow shift dress , miss sturgeon looked less groomed and glamorous than she has in recent months . and in earlier photographs , from the late 1990s , miss sturgeon’s dark hair , cut into a choppy style , made her look older than her years .