security officers were out in force at los angeles international airport on saturday , allegedly after officials found out isis called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot . the fbi is investigating and security is being increased at other airports in southern california because of a ' known threat ' to lax from isis , according to a federal law enforcement official . the investigation and security increase started after intercepted communication and other intelligence information led officials to believe that a plot could be under way . scroll down for video . security is being increased at airports in southern california because of a ' known threat ' from isis at lax . officials found out earlier that isis called for attacks on uniformed personnel as part of a possible terror plot . the federal law enforcement official did not say whether this was a new threat . the transportation security administration alerted local law enforcement agencies responsible for security at the other airports , although the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation , cnn reported . it added that some us cities had increased their security , but gave no further details . officials are concerned about threats to uniformed personnel or locations that lone wolves may want to target , us officials told nbc news on friday . despite the new security increase , officials said the possible threat was not necessarily related to aviation . los angeles world airports said : ' we are constantly adjusting our deployment strategies , and as a precaution , have increased the visibility of airport police . ' lawa is the airport oversight and operations department for the city of los angeles , according to the orange county register . a department of homeland security spokesman would not comment on the specific intelligence . the spokesman did say : ' over the last few months , we have made a number of security adjustments , including enhanced screening at select overseas airports and increasing random searches of passengers and carry-on luggage on flights inbound to the us , reflecting an evolving threat picture . ' no one at the fbi was immediately available to comment . homeland security secretary jeh johnson also declined to comment on the reported threat to lax . no arrests have been made .