bikini-clad models needed a head for heights as they took to this catwalk in china - 2,000 metres high on a mountainside . the girls put aside their fear of heights as they paraded along the narrow footpath in red bikinis and black high heels in a ' test of their composure ' as part of a chinese beauty pageant . the challenge was part of the central china stage of the annual miss bikini of the universe contest , which has been running since 2005 , according to the people 's daily online . do n't look down : models at a beauty pageant look a little unsure as they stand on a glass walkway , 2,000 metres up in luoyang . holding on : many of the models held onto the safety railings as they made their way up the cliff pathway to take part in the competition . ' first of all , it allowed us to become more courageous , and second it allowed us to practice our most fundamental skills , ' said contestant , yang ningqing . ' this catwalk , even though it was a very crude catwalk , allowed us to show off our most beautiful posture . ' another contestant , wang linwei , said : ' i have never done training on a cliff , i 'm not going to lie , it is a little scary . ' the uneven footpath along the side of the luanchuan laojun mountain in henan province , central china , is only one-metre wide , which did little to ease nerves . stunning scenery : the girls strike a pose for the beauty pageant which was held amid a stunning backdrop in luoyang , in the henan province of china . treading carefully : the high-heeled beauty pageant models make careful steps up the cliff pathway , which is 2,000 metres up . strike a pose : judges at the contest said they wanted to make sure the contestants could keep their cool under pressure . some models decided to kick off their heels and walk bare-footed to negotiate the potholes . while the girls seemed to enjoy themselves , some chinese social media users criticised organisers for making them strut along the side of a mountain . one user wrote : ' who is it that came up with such a bad idea to torture the beauties ? it is so windy on the mountains . try getting your daughter up on the cliff with bikinis on . ' the girls were competing to get to the national final in beijing . it is not the first the time that organisers have pushed their contestants to their limit . last year , models in north east china were made to parade in bikinis despite it being -16 degrees celsius . climbing legs : the beauty pageant models strike a pose as they get to the top of a 2,000ft climb up a cliff pathway in the henan province of china . tough trek : the mountainous scenery provides a breathtaking backdrop as the models make their way to the viewing platform at the top . grin and bare it : the girls were pushed to extreme heights as they climbed up the mountain path in central china while wearing high heels .