there are few things more beautiful - or terrifying - than the menacing flash of lightning bolts within a volcanic ash cloud . the latests picture , captured by an amateur photographer as the colima volcano in mexico spews out a plume of ash and lava , reveals the raw power of a volcanic eruption . hernando rivera cervantes took the pictures as local authorities warned those living around the volcano , which is also known as the fire volcano , to prepare for a possible evacuation . lightning strikes inside the enormous ash cloud thrown into the air by the colima volcano ( above ) in mexico . the 12,400 feet ( 3,800 metre ) high volcano , which first erupted in 1576 , is one of the most active volcanoes in mexico . mr cervantes spent eight hours watching the volcano as it threw ash up to 1.8 miles ( three kilometres ) into the atmosphere before managing to capture the rare picture . he said : ' i waited for eight hours , knowing something was going to happen . when the lightning arrived it was magical . an unforgettable experience . ' these blots of lightning are thought to occur due to the build up of electric charge in the ash cloud as the particles rub against each other . just like in a thunder cloud , this charge eventually builds up until it seeks a path through to the ground as lightning . this sequence of images captured by photographer hernando rivera cervantes show the lightning flashes as the colima volcano erupted . mr cervantes also managed to capture this night-time image above of lava spilling from the erupting volcano . small volcanic eruptions over the past 20 years have been protecting the earth from global warming , according to a recent study . scientists have confirmed that droplets of sulphur-rich aerosols spewed into the upper atmosphere by volcanoes have been reflecting sunlight away from the earth . until recently it was thought that only particularly large eruptions had any noticeable affect on the climate . however , a study published earlier this year has confirmed results from the end of last year that showed these small eruptions can have an accumulative impact on global temperature . this could have helped decrease the global temperatures by between 0.05°c to 0.12°c over the past 15 years . earlier this month scientists discovered that it is this lightning that is responsible for making the glass spheres that can appear in volcanic rocks . they found that the intense heat generated by the lightning bolts causes the ash to melt into spherules of smooth glass . a bolt of volcanic lighting can heat the surrounding air to more than 3,000°c , according to the researchers from the university of alabama in tuscaloosa . dr kimberly genareau , a volcanologist at the university of alabama , said their findings suggested that the role lightning plays in volcanic eruptions may be under reported . writing in the journal geology , she said : ' we refer to this new morphological classification of ash grains as lightning-induced volcanic spherules ( livs ) . ' observation of livs in tephras ( volcanic rocks ) will provide evidence of lightning occurrence during eruptions where lightning was not directly observed or documented . ' the colima volcano is actually one of three volcanic domes that make up the colima volcanic complex in the mexican state of colima , 301 miles west of mexico city . it has erupted around 40 times since its first recorded activity in 1576 . there are now around 300,000 people living in it shadow . the volcano has a history of large and explosive eruptions , which has meant it is also one of the most studied volcanoes in mexico . although lightning in volcanic ash clouds has been observed for a long time , scientists have only recently begun to understand what causes it . the colima volcano is regarded as one of the most dangerous in mexico due to its large explosive eruptions . mr cervantes ( shown above ) spent eight hours waiting to capture his stunning images of the colima volcano . getting close enough to an erupting volcano is dangerous , so scientists at the ludwig maximilian university of munich recreated volcanic lightning in a lab . in 2013 they suspended volcanic ash gathered from sites around the world in a chamber filled with argon gas , forcing the concoction through a narrow tube . they found that the movement of ash particles against each other as they go from the compressed environment under the earth 's surface into the atmosphere during an eruption causes a built of up static charge . when the ash reaches the atmosphere , the energy is discharged as lightning bolts .