horror : shiva , 11 , was reportedly beaten to death for stealing another 's boy 's pencil and eraser . the head teacher of an indian school has been arrested after he was accused of beating an 11-year-old pupil to death for stealing another 's boy 's pencil and eraser . lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy 's bag at dwarika prasad school in railamau village . the alleged beating was so severe that the child complained of a severe stomach ache and began vomiting blood once he arrived home . an ambulance was called but by the time shiva got to nearby fatehpur hospital his condition deteriorated and he was declared dead on arrival . verman has been charged with culpable homicide not amounting to murder and detained for questioning , the times of india reported . the child 's body has now been taken for post-mortem to establish the cause of death , but police told reporters that it is likely he died of internal bleeding . police superintendent op singh said shiva 's father had filed a report with officers in biddupur relating to the ' unnatural ' death of his son . further legal action can only take place once an official verdict on the nature of shiva 's death has been established and recorded . for his part the headteacher has reportedly admitting slapping shiva while questioning him about the stolen stationary . location : lalit verma is said to have launched into a furious assault on a boy named only as shiva after the stolen items were discovered in the boy 's bag at dwarika prasad school in railamau village ( pictured ) . according to first post , the incident is not the first time the head teacher has been accused of using ' extreme ' corporal punishment on his young students . there are also numerous other reports of young indian boys being beaten to death by teachers . in the city of burdwan , west bengal , a nine-year-old complained of a stomach ache and died just hours after his private tutor reportedly beat him with a stick to failing to answer a question . elsewhere , in bareilly , uttar pradesh , a young boy is said to have been beaten and thrown out of a window onto a busy road when his parents failed to pay school fees on time . the child is understood to have died shortly afterwards .