a supporter waits the best part of an hour for five seconds with ryan taylor . there is a quick picture and good-luck message ahead of sunday 's tyne-wear derby . he is , evidently , one of the few players genuinely respected by newcastle 's disillusioned fans . taylor scored the winner at the stadium of light three seasons ago , affording him a terrace tribute – ' ryan taylor , over the wall ' – as well as a place in black-and-white folklore . but there is more to the toon army 's admiration than one free-kick against the enemy . a working-class scouser who came through the ranks at tranmere and made 100 appearances by the time he was 21 before beating three career-threatening injuries , taylor ' gets ' the proud principles of the north east – appreciation , hard graft , honesty and enjoyment . he has himself been a fan in the crowd during three of the last four derby defeats - he watched the other from a hotel room in america after undergoing surgery on the second of the cruciate ligament injuries which kept him out for 26 months . newcastle utility player ryan taylor ( right ) shields the ball from arsenal forward danny welbeck . taylor scores with a superb free-kick against sunderland to win the game 1-0 at the stadium of light . taylor is congratulated by newcastle defender steven taylor in the club 's last victory over sunderland . newcastle supported him through that long rehabilitation , something for which taylor will always be grateful . but with his current contract at st james ' park set to expire this summer , the 30-year-old does not know what the future holds . he would like to remain on tyneside . he accepts , though , that this could be his final taste of the fixture which has guaranteed him lifelong worship . ' i have to be realistic , this could be my last derby , ' he told sportsmail . ' i do n't want it to be , but that will be in my mind . so i 'm not going to let it go the way of the last four - that can not carry on . ' i 've left the stadium gutted after every one of them and i 've felt it like a fan . so we owe it to them now . ' i grew up with liverpool and everton , but that is n't as big because you live in the same house a lot of the time . ' so i 'll be doing everything i can personally do to make sure we 're up for it , because our performances in the last four just have n't been good enough . ' taylor returned after more than two years of painstaking gym sessions alone for october 's 2-0 win at manchester city in the league cup . he was man-of-the-match and was greeted by a standing ovation in the dressing-room , where text messages from the likes of steven gerrard and michael owen awaited . ninety minutes against the champions , however , had taken its toll . in the next game , at home to qpr , st james ' was stunned into silence when , after half an hour , a tearful taylor sat himself on the turf clutching the same ill-fated knee . taylor 's injury record at newcastle has severely limited his first-team appearances over the past few years . the 30-year-old is incredibly grateful to newcastle for sticking by him and hopes to repay them on sunday . ' i thought to myself , ' why me ? ' , ' he reflects . ' you start doubting whether the knee will ever be strong enough . i was thinking , ' what have i skipped ? what have i done wrong ? ' . ' within an hour of the game i 'd had a scan and the cruciate was fine , relief is n't the word . i 'd probably got through the city game on pure adrenaline . so i think it was my body telling me just take your time . ' i wo n't lie , the fact i 'm out of contract was on my mind and i wanted to be back sooner than the three months it took . ' every game felt like another game off my career . but we did what was right and now there are no problems at all . ' i 'll admit there were times when i thought i could n't do it and my old man just told me ' no ' . ' so when you 've had the tears and those dark days , you appreciate every minute . ' on the subject of dark days , both newcastle and sunderland are horribly out of form going into what has been billed as ' the desperation derby ' . the black cats could be in the relegation zone by the time kick-off arrives , while newcastle have lost their last three under john carver . to suffer another loss in the derby could prove unforgivable in the eyes of supporters whose last victory arrived courtesy of taylor 's right boot in august , 2011 . ' the good thing is we 've got a cracking game now and if anything can rally us for the rest of the season then this is it , ' says taylor , who will start at right back . ' to be on a winning team on the ground where it all started for me would make everything worthwhile , all of the hard work and long days during those two years . ' but i remember that day so well . it was my first derby . i 've played in two now and i 'm yet to lose . ' jonas ( gutierrez ) won a foul just on the corner of the box . my first premier league goal – for wigan against newcastle – was from that exact position , so i fancied it . ' i remember seeing simon mignolet edging out , almost inviting me to put it in the top corner . that 's what i did . steven taylor tried to claim it , but he was nowhere near it . he tried to celebrate my goal by himself ! ' i knew my dad and brother were in the away end celebrating and i just thought , ' wow . they will be having some time in there ' . taylor is one of the most popular players at newcastle for his consistent and hard working performances . ' dan gosling – one of my best mates – went through on goal in the last minute . looking back , i 'm probably relieved he did n't score to make it 2-0 ! ' i did n't realise at the time how big scoring the winner was and how much i would be remembered for just one goal . ' it 'll be amazing if i 'm coming back here in 10 years ' time with my two boys and they 're still singing that song . ' taylor adds : ' i 'll always be a newcastle fan . this club has been brilliant with me . i could have been the forgotten man but they stuck by me . ' now i need to show them that i can stay fit . i 've had some terrible luck , but i 'd like to think i 've got a lot left in me . ' so this final part of the season is massive for me – i would love to stay here . ' and with that the supporter has his photo . ' what 's going to happen on sunday ? ' taylor is asked . '1-0 . ryan taylor . over the wall , ' he laughs . you can see why they like him in these parts . taylor is out of contract at the end of the season and admits he does not know what the future has in store . 