a sudanese refugee has appeared in court after he was charged with groping the crotch of a 15-year-old girl at a rap concert in sydney . mohamed hamdin , 24 , appeared at downing centre court for his indecent assault hearing on tuesday as details of the alleged incident emerged . new south wales police say hamdin touched the 15-year-old girl inappropriately during the concert of u.s. rappers yg and ty dolla $ ign at enmore theatre , in sydney 's inner-west , on australia day this year . mohamed hamdin ( left and right ) appeared in downing centre court charged with indecent assault . nsw police say hamdin and the girl had been kissing and dancing at the enmore theatre on australia day . in court documents seen by the daily telegraph , he and the teenager were dancing and kissing before she tried to move away from him . the 24-year-old prevented her from leaving by grabbing on her jeans , despite her protests to let her go . he then allegedly proceeded to put his hand on her vagina through her pants , and rubbed and touched her for a five-minute duration , according to documents . the incident escalated when hamdin unzipped her jeans and started to take them off . it was then the girl was successful in getting away from him . hamdin will reappear again on april 28 at downing local court . charges were laid against hamdin after a violent brawl broke out during the australia day rap concert , which resulted in several people being assaulted . police stand outside the enmore theatre in sydney on january 26 , where riot squads were called to control thousands of fans who had got out of control while waiting in line for the sold-out rap concert . several arrests were made , including mohamed hamdin , 24 , who allegedly grabbed a teenage girl 's vagina . paramedics attend the scene where several people sustained injuries after a brawl broke out during the concert . riot squads were called to control thousands of fans who had got out of control while waiting in line for the sold-out concert of yg and ty dolla $ ign . hamdin was arrested and taken to newtown police station . he was granted bail on strict conditions , including that he not leave his home at night without being accompanied by at least one of his parents , in his january court appearance . hamdin was also required to report daily to police . californian rappers yg ( left ) and ty dolla $ ign ( right ) have a reputation for violence at their concerts and alleged gang affiliations . californian rapper yg has been are gaining popularity in america along with a reputation for violence at their concerts and alleged gang affiliations . in 2013 , yg’s single ‘ my n****’ peaked at number 19 on the us billboard hottest 100 . in 2012 , yg had a music video shoot for his song ‘i’m a thug’ shut down by police after reports of shots were fired . a crowd at the 400 block of w. spruce st in compton was cleared from the scene after police closed off the area . he also had members of the crips gang arrive at his concert and start a brawl in november 2011 . yg is allegedly a member of rival group the bloods .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .