probe : dr rory lyons was suspended by the medical practitioners tribunal service and his surgery raided following four deaths ' of concern ' . the unexpected deaths of two members of a family are at the centre of a criminal probe into their gp . detectives raided dr rory lyons’ private health centre and medical officials have suspended the 62-year-old from treating patients . cousins karen and colin cosheril were patients of the alderney family doctor when they died . islanders claim the death from pneumonia of karen , 52 , in january prompted the investigation , which then uncovered three more deaths of concern – including that of retired stonemason colin , 63 , who died of heart failure in may . mr cosheril’s sister – ambulance technician brenda webb – said she complained to guernsey’s health service after his sudden death . the mother-of-two , 61 , said : ‘ his death was very sudden . it was a shock . my brother was getting well one day and the next day he went downhill too quickly – the day after that he was dead . ’ a family friend of divorcee karen cosheril , who used to work at the island’s chinese takeaway , said : ‘ just before she died there didn’t seem to be anything wrong with her . then she phoned me and said she was in hospital . ' the next day i got a call saying she had died from pneumonia and i thought , “ that is sudden isn’t it ? ” it was strange because that usually takes time . ’ a family member said of miss cosheril , who was also known by her married name of tayleur , said : ‘ her death is one of those being investigated . we were in complete shock when we heard . ’ more than 10 guernsey police officers flew to the island to search dr lyons’ eagle medical practice last thursday . the surgery remained shut over the easter weekend . a note referring patients to the other island practice was pinned to the door and signed by dr lyons , who also worked at the island’s care home . the father-of-two lives in alderney with his wife . the blinds of their home were shut over the weekend but he was spotted at a flat close to the surgery in the town of st anne’s . he has not responded to requests for comment . medical records and other documents were seen being taken from his surgery during the five-hour police search . a search warrant was also executed at a private address . a spokesman for guernsey’s health and social services department said the investigation was launched when concerns were raised about a death earlier in the year . the police were then informed after an internal investigation identified the three other potentially suspicious deaths . all four patients died in the past 18 months . relatives : cousins karen and colin cosheril were patients of the alderney family doctor when they died . karen , 52 , left , died in january of pneumonia and colin , 63 , right , died of heart failure in may last year . family liaison officers have also been sent to the island to help relatives of the deceased . guernsey chief of police patrick rice said : ‘ this decisive early action was necessary to ensure the protection of the public . ' the community will be understandably concerned by news of this investigation . it will be complex and take time to establish the full facts . ’ dr lyons was suspended by the medical practitioners tribunal service following a hearing on thursday . before moving to the island , he worked and lived in stratford-upon-avon , where he was a part-time gp . alderney – which has fewer than 2,000 inhabitants and is just three miles long – has two medical practices , with four gps , and a 20-bed hospital where gps treat their own patients . all services are run privately outside the nhs . 