a warning for a tsunami as big as one metre ( three feet ) forecast to hit islands in japan 's far south after a 6.6 magnitude earthquake struck off eastern taiwan was cancelled on monday . national broadcaster nhk said waves were possible on several islands in the southern okinawa chain after a very shallow quake centred on yonaguni in the southwest , near taiwan . witnesses said buildings swayed in taipei but there was no visible damage in the taiwan capital . general view of ginowan city , north-east of the capital of okinawa prefecture in japan ©kazuhiro nogi ( afp/file ) ' we are issuing warnings via the radio , ' satoshi shimoji of the miyako city government told nhk . ' we want residents to get as far as possible from the sea , ' he said . nhk said the tsunami -- an irregular wave that alters the sea level , and not necessarily a huge event -- were believed to have already arrived at remote yonaguni , although no details were yet available . live footage from coastal cameras showed sea levels had apparently not risen in several harbours within the warning zone . the pacific tsunami warning centre said in a statement that ' based on all the available data ... there is no tsunami threat from this earthquake . ' map locating the epicenter of a 6.6-magnitude quake that hit the southwest edge of japan 's okinawa province , near the coast of taiwan on april 20 , 2015 . the us geological survey said the 6.6 magnitude quake , which japanese authorities had originally put at 6.8 , struck 71 kilometres ( 44 miles ) east of hualian , taiwan at 0143 gmt . japan sits at the confluence of four of the earth 's tectonic plates and registers more than 20 percent of the planet 's most powerful earthquakes every year . strict building codes and a long familiarity with the dangers mean that quakes that might cause devastation in other parts of the world are frequently uneventful in japan . however , occasional disasters prove exceptionally deadly , and more than 18,000 people were killed by a huge tsunami that smashed into the northeast coast in 2011 after a huge 9.0 magnitude earthquake .