vince cable prides himself on being the tories ' bogeyman in the coalition cabinet . ' i 'm regularly voted their least popular cabinet member , ' he says with his familiar hangdog smile . just as david cameron and george osborne privately describe nick clegg as a ' closet conservative ' , they regard cable a closet labour politician . not surprising , since he once was a labour politician , albeit a councillor , in the 1970s . scroll down for video . vince cable wants a substantial role in government and envisages working with the conservatives again . similarly , some labour mps fantasise that if only boyish ed miliband could have persuaded uncle vince , with his provincial bank manager 's air and twinkly peacock blue eyes , to defect , labour would walk the general election . with cable in charge of labour 's spending plans , voters would stop worrying that would-be pm red ed might do something barmy . but as we sit on the terrace of the quirkily named barmy arms pub by the thames in his twickenham constituency , business secretary cable says something , which on first hearing , sounds even more barmy . not only is he ready to spend another five years helping the tories run britain , he wants to replace george osborne as chancellor . ' yes , i know , ' he shrugs , acknowledging the apparent contradiction , ' i 've spent my whole political life fighting the conservatives . ' how does he sit down with tories he privately despises ? ' when we have a business meeting we put the guns at the door and sit down and talk , ' he smiles . he complains of ' nasty and vicious stuff ' from the tories . and after one heated cabinet verbal exchange with defence secretary liam fox , cameron rushed up to cable on his way out and begged him to keep it secret to stop the coalition collapsing . he describes another confrontation with junior tory business minister matt hancock , an ally of osborne sent to ' spy ' on cable . ' he came to my office with a list of plum jobs he wanted . i said , ' no , i 'm the boss . ' he was very cross , stamped his feet , got up and slammed the door . ' so how , and more to the point , why , does cable want another five years of more of the same ? ' because i 've realised it is possible to be business-like with them . i can envisage a scenario in which i would stomach working with the tories if the situation required . you have to let your head rule your heart . ' in the interview , mr cable said the prime minister and the chancellor were ' highly intelligent guys ' and added that they ' do n't snarl at each other ' . he knows full well the significance of what he is saying . ' it 's important coming from me because i 'm the one seen as having the least affinity with the tories . ' cable is also quick to make clear he does not rule out working with labour . but he ' envisages ' remaining in a government led by cameron , not miliband . cable says he would stop ' the nasty tail of right-wing mps wagging the tory dog ' if cameron scrapes home . he denounces ' horrendous ' public spending cuts proposed by cameron and osborne – ' almost all affecting the disabled and working poor ' . but with cable , the difference is strictly political , not personal . in the next breath he says : ' cameron and osborne are highly intelligent guys and i respect their abilities . i have perfectly affable discussions with them . we do n't snarl at each other . ' his warm words for the tories are all the more remarkable , bearing in mind that , around the corner , conservative chiefs have sent extra teams of canvassers to twickenham to try to ' decapitate ' cable . no one seriously thinks they can overturn his 12,000 majority . giving a timely reminder to local tories in his middle-class constituency , home of the chaps of the english rugby football union and hampton court , of his fondness for dave and george will do him no harm . they do n't call him a wily old fox for nothing . his criticism of miliband is all the more wounding , sounding like a disappointed father or headmaster . his warm words for the tories are all the more remarkable , bearing in mind that , around the corner , conservative chiefs have sent extra teams of canvassers to twickenham to try to ' decapitate ' mr cable . ' he could have done so much better and has made two really big mistakes . he should have said up-front on the financial crisis that we [ the last labour government ] screwed up seriously and done a mea culpa . ' and i feel let down by his foolish plan to cut university tuition fees to £6,000 . it is a low-grade response . he could n't resist a cheap soundbite at our expense . very poor judgment . and his fiscal policy is so vague . ' two days after the election , cable celebrates his 72nd birthday . tall , tanned and languid , he looks lithe enough to reprise his dainty-toed appearance in strictly come dancing in 2010 . yet , audaciously , the evergreen septuagenarian has set his sights on a new star turn – chancellor in a tory-led government . ' i 'm up for having a substantial role . my prime interest is the economy . there are two economic departments in whitehall and i 've done one of them for five years . i 'll leave you to do the maths ! ' it sounds highly unlikely . certainly less likely than a lib dem leadership contest if , as some predict , clegg loses his seat . cable loyally insists his party boss will survive and vehemently denies he wants his job . but canny cable ca n't resist pointing out : ' i 'm quite a bit younger than gladstone , churchill and ronald reagan . ' all three led governments in their eighth decade . we can do the maths , vince . 