police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles on sunday and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy ( above ) in the head . police are hunting for a man who walked into a house in los angeles on sunday night and shot a sleeping eight-year-old boy in the head , leaving him critically injured . the suspect , who is described as hispanic , medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time , apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of wagner street in del rey . according to the victim 's father , the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation . the father then ran into the boy 's bedroom to shield him as the gunman followed shooting , authorities said . ammunition plowed through the wall and the bedroom door , although it was unclear which bullets struck the boy . the lath and plaster of the wall are believed to have slowed the shots . the boy was rushed to ronald reagan ucla medical center where he underwent surgery for a head wound . as of monday , he was listed in critical but stable condition . his great-aunt confirmed to nbc la that his condition was continuing to improve . ' i know that at some point he did say something . they said he was going to be ok , ' she said . no other family members were injured in the incident . the young victim 's mother and 17-year-old brother were also reported to be in the bedroom , while the boy 's grandmother was in another room . apparently the front door and security gate had been left open as the father had been expecting his 20-year-old son to return . scene of the crime : the suspect , who is described as hispanic , medium build and wearing a grey hoodie at the time , apparently had no motive for staging the attack in the 11000 block of wagner street in del rey . unprovoked : according to the victim 's father , the attacker walked in through an unlocked front door around midnight and proceeded to fire shots after a heated conversation . shootings are rare in the residential neighborhood , police said . indeed , neighbors told cbs news that the family has lived in the residence for more than a decade with no problem . ' according to the family , they did not recognize the suspect ' and there was nothing in the house that indicated drugs or other illegal activity , los angeles police capt . nicole alberca said at a news conference monday afternoon . the names of the family members have been withheld but a photo of the boy has been released . the image shows him smiling with long , wavy , golden-brown hair down to his shoulders . although the gunman is believed to have fled on foot , anyone who may have seen a vehicle leaving the area is urged to call los angeles regional crime stoppers at ( 800 ) 222-tips .