they are the chocolate treats we most look forward to at easter , and in britain alone more than 90 million of them are consumed every year . but this year traditional easter eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover , appearing on supermarket shelves and restaurant menus made of meat , marmite - and a giant block of cheese . grab your egg-cups as we take a look at the most bonkers eggs in britain ... fortnum & mason 's chotch egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg . would you eat this ? the marmite chocolate egg has a strong , rather beefy aftertaste . from yeast-flavoured chocolate ( we 're looking at you , marmite ) to an egg made from 300g of cheddar , here is femail 's selection of the most unusual eggs you can try this easter . love me , hate me , break me - the marmite easter egg , £5 . a marmite chocolate egg made with the love-it-or-hate it spread accompanied with marmite cashew nuts makes for a fun yeaster treat . this beefy-tasting egg divided the femail team with some enjoying the depth of flavour from the savour extract that flavours the chocolate while others could n't stomach the strange tangy-sweet combination . chocolate egg and soldiers , £7.99 . choc n choc 's ingenious interpretation on the easter egg will get the troops in position on sunday morning . each set includes a white chocolate fried egg with four soldiers ready for dipping . we 're queuing up for ours . egg on toast by choc on choc’s combination of white and milk chocolate with realistic toasted effects on the bread and egg that appears cooked to perfection with a vibrant yellow yolk . a pancake stack stuffed with creme eggs from polo bar ( left ) and wyke farms cheaster cheddar egg ( right ) . fortnum & mason 's ' chotch egg , £3.99 . the department store has created the ultimate easter hybrid in the form of the ‘ chotch egg ' . think half scotch egg , half easter egg , the ' chotch egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg and combines two of fortnum & mason’s best loved products . crafted by fortnum & mason executive chef , sydney aldridge , the gastronomic delight features a free-range egg with a vibrant orange yolk , wrapped in british outdoor-reared venison and 55 per cent valrhona dark chocolate , infused with juniper berries . it is finished with a crisp layer of homemade breadcrumbs . the ' chotch egg is a free-range egg with a vibrant orange yolk , wrapped in british outdoor-reared venison and 55 per cent valrhona dark chocolate . hotel chocolat 's witty take on the egg sandwich comes complete in a sarnie box . paul a young 's sea salted caramel filled egg , £19.95 . the priciest egg here , this easter favourite is the chocolatier 's signature . the sea salted caramel filled egg is decorated in gold and served up with an egg cup and spoon . hotel chocolate egg sandwich , £10 . everyone loves an egg sandwich . but dare we say it , we think hotel chocolat has improved on the original recipe with their playful take on the sarnie . sandwiched between two slices of 50 per cent milk and feuilletine chocolate are two beautiful milk chocolate eggshells , which come presented in a classic sandwich takeaway box ? a delicious twist on the classic easter egg and a fun gift . fun and yummy-looking , this features two caramel half-eggs sandwiched with caramel chocolate . there are also white and and dark options . godiva 's alter eggo , £5 . godiva chocolatiers will create your alter-eggo by dipping their easter eggs in tempered chocolate and making hair from crushed speculoos biscuit , or milk chocolate flakes , then delicately adding your own choice of eyes . for £5 you can customise your two eggs with hair , eyes and a smile at all godiva stores . godiva 's alter eggo 's which can be made at their stores ( left ) . the £19.95 sea salt caramel filled egg from paul young ( right ) comes with an egg cup and spoon . he 's a good egg ! fried egg and soldiers from choc on choc . wyke farms cheese egg , poa . the giant cheaster egg is two feet tall and made with 85g x 300g blocks of award winning wyke farms cheddar . and best of all , wyke farms is giving away one 24-inch egg to a cheddar-loving family . entry details are on their website , www.wykefarms.com . egg on toast , £12 . choc on choc’s clever combination of white and milk chocolate with realistic toasted effects on the bread and egg that appears cooked to perfection with a vibrant yellow yolk . this delicious treat can be enjoyed anytime of the day and would n't appear out of place on the breakfast table . easter egg pancake stacks , £7.95 . it 's not just the chocolatiers who 've jumped on board the weird egg bandwagon . purveyors of london’s premier pancake stacks . polo 24 hour bar are cracking a few eggs this easter with the ultimate easter egg pancake stack . designed for those blessed with a sweet tooth this pancake is loaded with classic creme and mini eggs piled with cream and topped with caramel sauce . this sweet eggy treat will be available throughout april .