kim jong-un learned to drive when he was just three years old and won a yacht race at the tender age of nine . at least that 's according to a new school textbook that takes the meaning of the phrase 're-writing history ' to a whole new level . the bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in much the same way that his father , the late kim jong il , and his grandfather , kim il sung , were blindly heralded in days gone by . perhaps unsurprisingly , the manual contains now mention of the country 's history , instead devoting its chapters to minor – and questionable – details about kim jong-un 's childhood . like a duck to water ... apparently : a new north korean school textbook claims that dictator kim jong-un ( pictured , above , on a boat with military chiefs ) learned to drive aged three and won a yacht race aged nine . the book , called kim jong un 's revolutionary activities , has been distributed to middle and high schools for study during the 2015 school year , it was reported by the upi news agency . subjects include kim 's incredible ability to drive a year as a toddler and his remarkable sailing prowess before he 'd even reached double figures . ' at the age of ine , kim jong-un raced the chief executive of a foreign yacht company , who was visiting north korea , ' the text reads , adding that kim won the race despite the odds . south korea 's tv chosun reported that the text also claimed kim can draw well and knows how to compose music . lee seok-young , the south korean director of radio free chosun , said it remains to be seen just how teachers would credibly impart this wisdom to the schools . cementing a false image : the bizarre claims are being taught to pupils across north korea as a way of indoctrinating future generations into glorifying their dictator in much the same way that his father , the late kim jong il ( left ) , and his grandfather , kim il sung , were blindly heralded in days gone by . the hermit state fights a constant pr war in its bid to portray a fanciful image of wealth and prosperity to its persecuted people . one example came recently when it became embroiled in an escalating international row over kim 's lurid depiction in hollywood film the interview . the united states claims that the film 's presentation of kim – whose family has ruled the reclusive , impoverished state for more than six decades – prompted pyongyang to launch a massive cyber-attack on sony pictures , the studio that made it . meanwhile , images emerged today of kim jong-un apparently showing that he has hurt his wrist . the 32-year-old was inspecting a weapons factory in the country 's capital of pyongyang in a visit filmed by north korean central tv . the footage shows the mysterious dictator waving and smiling to the crowds , with his right-hand wrist wrapped up in a white bandage . pictures from state-controlled media show the dictator smiling and waving , with his right wrist in bandages .