experts said the rise in the number of reported rapes and sexual offences was due in part to high profile historic cases like jimmy savile 's . a surge in the number of sex attacks reported to police has fuelled the first rise in recorded crime for more than a decade . nearly 3.8million crimes were recorded by police last year , an increase of 2 per cent from 2013 , figures released yesterday revealed . and a record number of rapes and other sex crimes were logged – up by a third ( 32 per cent ) to 80,200 , or 220 a day . but experts say the rise – the first since 2003-04 – was partly because victims were ' more willing ' to report sex crimes , including historical ones , and police were more likely to take complaints seriously , in the wake of the jimmy savile sex abuse scandal . fay maxted , chief executive of the survivors trust , which represents more than 130 rape and sexual violence charities , said : 'under-reporting is a real problem in sexual offence cases . ' one of the effects of operation yewtree , in the wake of savile , has been it has brought sexual cases to the fore . the convictions of rolf harris and stuart hall have encouraged people to feel justified in coming forward . ' the office for national statistics , which published the data , said the rise was also due to police recording complaints more accurately after accusations of ' fiddling ' figures to meet targets . a police watchdog recently found a fifth of crimes were not being logged properly . the latest ons figures showed that the number of murders and manslaughter cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level for 38 years . police recorded 515 homicides last year , 37 fewer than in 2013 . but the number of rapes recorded was the highest ever at 26,703 , which is an average of 73 attacks every day . rapes at knifepoint were up by 31 per cent to 311 attacks and there were 53,559 other sexual offences recorded . violent offences also jumped by 21 per cent to nearly 741,000 . the ons report said of the overall rise in recorded crime : ' this is the first increase since 2003-04 but needs to be seen in the context of the renewed focus on the quality of crime recording . ' the high-profile convictions of rolf harris ( left ) and stuart hall ( right ) have made victims feel more confident about coming forward , said campaigners . the number of crimes logged by police is still 20 per cent lower than in 2008-09 – under the last labour government . the picture was complicated by figures from the crime survey of england and wales , which found a 7 per cent fall in overall crime to 6.9million incidents , the lowest level since 1981 . the survey , which looks at people 's experiences of crimes , includes incidents not reported to police . but some crimes , such as bank and credit card frauds , are left out , distorting the true rate of offending . home secretary theresa may said the data showed ' police reform is working ' and that crime ' has never been lower , meaning families are safer ' . but her labour shadow , yvette cooper , claimed that the ons figures ' expose the shocking complacency of david cameron and theresa may over crime and policing ' .