patrick vieira has the backing of manchester city players to replace manuel pellegrini should the club sack the under-fire manager . pellegrini 's future at the etihad stadium is under scrutiny following a largely disappointing campaign . vieira would be a candidate to take over from pellegrini should the city board decide to make a change . manchester city players have backed patrick vieira ( left ) to replace manuel pellegrini as manager of the club - if the latter at the helm of the etihad stadium outfit is sacked at the end of the season . vieira is highly-respected among the city players and his work with the youth team has n't gone unnoticed too . despite winning two trophies last season , pellegrini will end this campaign without any silverware at city . a thumping 4-2 defeat at bitter rivals manchester united on april 12 has increased the pressure on pellegrini . the etihad outfit failed to reach the quarter-finals of the champions league too after losing to barcelona . and a collective of senior players would like to see the frenchman given the reins if pellegrini goes . the former arsenal midfielder is highly-respected amongst playing staff at the club . likewise , his excellent work with city 's elite development squad has not gone unnoticed by the squad . and a core group of players in the city first-team believe vieira should be given the opportunity to step up into the senior fold . city 's first-choice managerial option remains bayern munich boss pep guardiola ; director txiki beguirstain 's trip to germany on tuesday fuelling talk of a final bid to lure the spaniard to england in time for next season . however , guardiola has made his intention to stay with bayern for at least another season crystal clear . city 's first-choice managerial option remains current bayern munich boss pep guardiola . guardiola ( right ) led bayern to a 7-4 aggregate win over porto in their champions league quarter-final tie . though , sportsmail understands guardiola will listen to offers from english clubs to join in time for the start of the 2016/17 season . that means city must wait at least another year before having a realistic chance of poaching guardiola . and if the current barclays premier league champions decide to axe pellegrini this summer , then vieira is emerging as a strong contender to replace the south american . the spaniard ( left ) is set to remain with the german giants until his contract expires at the end of next season .