ben flower has been urged to be ' a bit more aggressive ' when the prop sensationally sent off in last year 's grand final returns for wigan in thursday 's super league derby with warrington . the 28-year-old welsh international forward on tuesday completed his six-month ban for twice punching lance hohaia in the opening moments of october 's grand-final at old trafford . flower stunned the 76,000 crowd with his attack on the st helens half-back and , after becoming the first player to be sent off in a grand final , was handed the second heaviest suspension in the history of super league . ben flower 's sickening blow on st helens ' lance hohaia in the super league final that got him a six-month ban . flower , here walking off after being shown a grand final red card , will return on thursday against warrington . wigan coach shaun wane says he wants flower back ' a bit more aggressive and a bit stronger and a bit fitter ' . st helens possibly needed something out of the ordinary to help end an eight-year spell without a grand final title . ben flower’s two brutal punches on lance hohaia , which led to the dismissal of the wigan prop inside two minutes , fit that description . click here to read martha kelner 's full super league grand final report . wigan coach shaun wane told a news conference at the dw stadium on tuesday that he will throw flower straight back in , almost certainly from the bench , and expects him to be just as physical . ' i hope he 's a bit more aggressive and a bit stronger and a bit fitter , ' wane said of flower , who underwent knee surgery during his enforced lay-off . ' he 's without a doubt one of the best front rowers in the comp and that 's we want . we need a ben flower in our team . he 's dynamic , just what i like , he runs the ball hard and he 's uncompromising . he 's perfect for me . flower falls on hohaia after first punching the new zealand international to the ground . referee phil bentham was given no choice but to make flower the first player sent off in a grand final . ' i 'll be telling him to go as hard as he can , run as hard as you can , hit as hard as you can and just carry on from where you left off because bear in mind in the play-off games last year he was one of the best . i want him back to that form as quickly as possible . ' flower , who was fined 50 per cent of his wages during his ban and has been coaching local juniors as part of the punishment handed out by his club , is ready to ' rip in ' , according to wane . ' he 's in a very , very good state of mind , ' the coach said . ' he 's very strong and he 's trained really well . i ca n't wait to put him in . i 'm really looking forward to it . i 've been itching for this game to come and he 'll get a chance . ' he just wants to get back to what he 's paid to do , playing rugby and being one of the best middles in the competition . ' he 's had a long pre-season and he 's dying to rip in . ' flower 's second punch ( left ) became the focal point of the all-in brawl which broke out in the first three minutes . a bloodied hohaia is helped from the field - he received a one-match ban for the forearm that sparked the fight . wane says flower is in a ' very good state of mind ' after a long enforced pre-season . wane will bring flower straight back into the warriors line-up , almost certainly from the bench . meanwhile , wane has denied that wigan are close to finalising the return of england full-back sam tomkins . the former man of steel has been granted a release from the last year of his three-year contract with new zealand warriors after becoming homesick and it is thought he is heading back to the warriors , who retained first option on his services . ' he 's one of the best players in the world and we 're always interested in the best players but i 've been told nothing , ' wane said . ' unless i get a phone call today telling me anything different , i 'm just cracking on preparing for warrington and wakefield . '