the woman who came up with a neon sign that has welcomed countless visitors to ' fabulous las vegas ' since 1959 has died . betty willis , credited with designing the ' welcome to fabulous las vegas ' sign , died in her overton , nevada , home on sunday , according to an obituary on the virgin valley & moapa valley mortuaries ' website . the 91-year-old artist 's often-copied sign sits in a median in the middle of las vegas boulevard south of the strip . betty willis in her las vegas home on december 30 , 2004 , with a replica of the sign she designed in 1959 to lure tourists . she died aged 91 . the ' welcome to fabulous las vegas ' neon sign , here outlined in pink lightbulbs in honor of breast cancer awareness month , became a major tourist attraction . ' it 's the most recognizable icon in the world , ' said danielle kelly , executive director of the neon museum in las vegas , where the signs of sin city 's past are retired and on display . the welcome sign 's design , which does n't have a copyright owner , has become a fixture on travel tchotchkes from vegas and everywhere else , kelly said . she has a t-shirt from san francisco with that city 's name swapped in for las vegas in front of the sign 's recognizable shape , she said . ' the fact that everyone loves that sign and its design after all these years is a testament to betty 's talents , ' clark county commissioner steve sisolak said . ' there is probably no bigger las vegas icon than that sign . ' in 2009 , the sign was added to the national register of historic places . kelly called willis ' designs dazzling and said her personality was akin to a strong , fast-talking female lead in movies like ' his girl friday . ' ' a little salty , a little irreverent , ' kelly said with fondness . ' i thought she was a classic broad . ' willis , born in 1923 in the small town of overton northeast of las vegas , worked as a commercial artist in los angeles before returning to las vegas , where she worked for sign companies and designed the famous diamond-shaped beacon of flashing lights . the sign has become such a popular photo backdrop that a parking lot for cars and tour buses in the middle of the street was expanded in 2012 . willis also designed neon signs for the moulin rouge casino and blue angel motel in las vegas . the iconic neon sign has welcomed tourists to las vegas since 1959 . willis also designed neon signs for the moulin rouge casino and blue angel motel . wedding photographer sergio lopez , left , take pictures of newly-weds joseph buangan and his wife joyce , with the ' welcome to fabulous las vegas ' neon sign in the background .