as efforts continue to rescue survivors from beneath the mounds of rubble across kathmandu , the grieving nepalese nation has begun the grim and daunting task of cremating the thousands of victims who were killed during saturday 's devastating earthquake . with the death toll now standing at more than 4,000 , mass cremations have been taking place next to the bagmati river , the waterway which divides the nepalese capital , as mourning families attempt to give their loved one the honourable send-off so revered in hindu tradition . today , plumes of white , acrid smoke could be seen floating across kathmandu , as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river . around these ceremonies , families gathered , wailing in grief for their loved ones . scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground , as their relatives prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation . scroll down for video . honouring the dead : volunteers are facing the daunting task of burning the bodies of earthquake victims following the tremor on saturday . flames : family members stand next to the burning pyre of a family member at a cremation ground following the devastating earthquake . despite the sheer number of victims , mourning families are desperate to give their loved one the honourable send-off so revered in the hindu tradition . mass : the cremations , which have been non-stop for three days , have been taking place next to the bagmati river which divides kathmandu . ' people are conducting the last rites wherever they can and without following the proper rituals , ' a witness told ians . today , plumes of white smoke could be seen floating across kathmandu , as hundreds of bodies were burned in the ghats beside the river . almost every available space along the bagmati river 's banks and on its sandbank islands had been taken by the pyres . running out : the wood necessary to build the thousands of pyres which are used to burn the dead has started to run out . family members carry a body as they take it for burial today in kathmandu . the search operation to find survivors is still continuing . around these ceremonies , families gathered , wailing in grief for their loved ones . scores of dead children were wrapped in orange and gold cloth on the ground , as their loved ones prayed for their souls in heartbreaking desperation . the bodies of victims from the earthquake that hit nepal and surrounding countries lie on the ground before being cremated . meanwhile , corpses continued to line the streets of the city , lying among three-day-old debris still evident from the tremor which wreaked havoc through the himalayan region . as the death toll surpassed 4,000 , there began to be a desperate shortage of the wood used to build the pyres . some 250kg of wood is needed for each individual cremation . the areas where cremation rites can take place are also in short supply . despite more being designated along the river to accommodate the earthquake victims , relatives are still jostling for space along the banks and are having to conduct the ceremonies in whatever tiny space they can find . ' people are conducting the last rites wherever they can and without following the proper rituals , ' a witness told ians . the sacred hindu pashupatinath temple is also becoming increasingly unable to cope with the overwhelming influx of bodies . a boy cries over the body of his father at a cremation ground . rescue efforts are still ongoing to track down survivors from the quake . a body is covered with a blanket close to the scene of a multi-cremation process at bhaktapur , nepal . the body of one of the victims is laid on the banks of the river , ready for cremation , covered in a blanket and bank notes . relatives of a victim who died in saturday 's earthquake mourn and say prayers before their loved one 's body is cremated along the river . a woman weeps and raises a hand to her head as she watches the cremation of a loved one at the pashupatinath temple in kathmandu . family members comfort one another during one of the services at the temple . the temple has been overwhelmed with the number of dead bodies . a young woman breaks down in tears during the cremation of an earthquake victim , near kathmandu . the tremor struck on saturday . some 500 bodies have been arriving at the temple per day , compared to the usual daily average of around 30 . monika basnet , 15 , hold her brother munal , 10 , during the cremation of their father at pashupatinath temple . he was one of the thousands of people who were killed in saturday 's earthquake . since the tremor rocked the nepali capital on saturday , 500 bodies have been arriving per day at the temple , compared to their usual daily average of around 30 . volunteers have been arriving at the temple to help decorate the bodies and comfort the mourners . the magnitude-7.8 quake was the worst to hit nepal in eight decades and caused damage and fatalities in neighbouring countries . it destroyed swathes of the oldest neighborhoods in kathmandu and was strong enough to be felt all across parts of india , bangladesh , tibet and pakistan . since saturday , rescuers , some wearing face masks to keep out the dust , have been scrambling over mounds of splintered timber and broken bricks in the hope of finding survivors . some have used their bare hands to fill small white buckets with dirt and rock . this afternoon , the death toll reached 4,000 . a woman cries as the body of her relative is prepared for cremation along the river bank in the devastated nepalese capital . volunteers have been arriving to help decorate the bodies , comfort the mourners and pray for the souls of the dead . they have also been carrying out the cremations . a man stands next to the burning pyre of a family member at an overwhelmed cremation ground in bhaktapur , near kathmandu . the magnitude-7.8 quake was the worst to hit nepal in eight decades and caused damage and fatalities in neighbouring countries . relatives of a quake victim clutch onto one another in heartbreaking silence as they watch their loved one being cremated in kathmandu . meanwhile , overwhelmed authorities are trying to cope with a shortage of drinking water and food , as well as the threat of disease . the sick and wounded were lying out in the open in kathmandu , unable to find beds in the devastated city 's hospitals . surgeons set up an operating theatre inside a tent in the grounds of kathmandu medical college . and high in the himalayas , hundreds of climbers were staying put at the mount everest base camp where a huge avalanche after the earthquake killed 17 people in the single worst disaster to hit the world 's highest mountain . a desperate helicopter rescue mission was under way today , with one british mountaineer there speaking of a ' race against time ' to pluck around 120 people to safety as food runs out .