carl hayman has admitted toulon ' have a lot of work to do ' to secure an unprecedented third consecutive european title , despite reaching the champions cup semi-finals . toulon captain hayman admitted bernard laporte 's men were distinctly underwhelmed by their performance levels in sunday 's 32-18 quarter-final victory over wasps . the cote d'azur outfit had frederic michalak 's unerring boot and ali williams ' late try to thank for a victory littered with error and inaccuracy . guy thompson is tackled by ali williams during the european rugby champions cup quarter final match . toulon will host leinster at marseille 's stade velodrome on sunday , april 19 in the last four , with hayman conceding vast improvements are required to lift the inaugural champions cup . ' if we want to be in london for the final we 've got a lot of work to do , ' said hayman . ' if we 're honest with ourselves that was nowhere near what we expect against wasps , and we 're going to have to make big improvements quickly . alex lozowski passes the ball during the european rugby champions cup quarter final match . ' it 's great to get through of course , and winning is what counts ultimately , but there were far too many mistakes . ' toulon won back-to-back european crowns to signal the end of the heineken cup era , and president mourad boudjellal 's expensively-assembled cast of stars are out to make continental history this term . no side has ever won three european titles on the trot , though leicester and munster have also previously registered back-to-back triumphs . williams celebrates a try with his toulon teammate delon armitage at the felix mayol stadium . in sunday 's unstructured and sloppy attempts at swashbuckling , toulon clearly craved the hard-nosed and direct influence of a certain jonny wilkinson . england 's world cup-winner 's summer retirement leaves a clear void at stade mayol , especially when matt giteau is missing through injury . the former australia pivot returned via the bench at the weekend , leaving michalak to lead an at times befuddled line . williams dives over to score a last minute try during the quarter final match between toulon and wasps . new zealand tighthead hayman believes giteau 's return to fitness will offer a timely extra level of focus to toulon 's approach . hayman is set to retire at the end of the season , with the 35-year-old currently completing coaching courses in france with a view to launching an off-field career in europe . the 45-cap all black admitted : ' i wo n't burn my boots ' at the end of the season however - keeping himself available in the autumn just in case new zealand suffer a front-row injury crisis at the world cup in england . drew mitchell is tackled by alapati leiua during the match between toulon and wasps at felix mayol stadium . armitage is tackled by james haskell and matt mullan during the game at the felix mayol stadium . ' we always try to look for width on the ball and balance that with our power game , so we 'll look to continue that , but we 've got to make better decisions on the field , ' said hayman . ' little mistakes , penalties at the scrum , they cost us , and that hurt us . ' take those out of the game and we 're in a far better position at half-time . ' it 's great to have matt giteau coming back : having guys of that experience to come back into the 10-12 area is going to be invaluable . matt giteau breaks with the ball but is tackled by andy goode at the felix mayol stadium . ' michalak played well but you ca n't underestimate what a difference it makes to have another guy in there to organise the team and give us another voice on the field . ' having him back especially is going to make a big difference for us . ' obviously it would be fantastic to go out on a high , jonny ( wilkinson ) was able to do that last year when we won the double and he fully deserved it . ' but like i said , there 's a fair bit of work in front of us before we start thinking too much about any of that . '