a 36-year-old father in los angeles has been arrested and charged over the abduction of a two-year-old girl from a car wash earlier this month , who was sexually abused and then dumped in a restaurant parking lot hours later . police say the key to tracking down the suspect , michael david ikeler , of torrance , was a tip from his observant neighbor , who noticed ikeler altering the appearance of his car . investigators had released cctv footage of the car - a white nissan altima - from the crime scene at the self-serve carwash in gardena on april 2 . the mother was washing her car when she heard the toddler scream ' mommy ' , only to turn around and find her daughter gone . at the time police described the driver of the vehicle as a serial predator , ktla reported . predator : michael david ikeler , 36 - seen here in previous booking photos from 2013 - was arrested april 9 and has pleaded not guilty to three felony counts of sexual assault in relation to the abduction of a little girl . wanted : this cctv footage of a white nissan altima was the way police were able to track ikeler down , after a neighbor saw it on the news and then noticed ikeler trying to alter his car , which looked the same . scene : the little was found alone and naked in this parking lot at jim 's burgers . she was crying and had obvious injuries on her body , witnesses said . the girl , who has not been identified , was found just over two hours later in the dark parking lot of jim 's burgers , 13 miles away , after being spotted by concerned customers next to a dumpster . she was naked , alone and had obvious injuries . witnesses say there were scratches on her legs and that she was screaming and putting her hands over her eyes . detectives worked around the clock to find the kidnapper responsible for the “ horrific attack , ” . a tip came in on april 5 from a man who had seen the footage on the nissan altima on tv , and said his neighbor , ikela , had been making changes to his car , which fit the description . ikela was switching the number plates , removing the tint , and doing other cosmetic alterations like adding stickers , the neighbor said . undercover officers began investigating . dna evidence was gathered that linked ikela to the horrific attack . arrest : undercover gardena police officers ikela 's house in torrance ( pictured ) and his car on regina street near 183rd street . father : ikela lives with his 18-year-old daughter and also has other children . he is being held on a $ 1 million bond . ikela was arrested at his home in torrance and charged with one count of lewd act upon a child with a kidnapping allegation , and two counts of oral copulation or sexual penetration with child 10 years old or younger , the los angeles county district attorney’s office said . he entered a not guilty plea on april 13 . police have only just released the information about ikela 's arrest , saying they are doing their best to protect the family of the victim . ' i haven’t seen a crime like this in the 20 years i’ve been in gardena , ' a police lieutenant said . ' our detectives are so thankful to the public and the person who called us , ' gardena police lt. steve prendergrast told cbs . ikeler has been arrested previously in northern california and arizona but not for crimes involving children . he also has children of his own . neighbors say his 18-year-old daughter lives with him , and his social media accounts show more kids that appear to his as well . investigators initially said the person responsible for the kidnapping was a serial predator . police said ikeler circled the car wash and as soon as the little girl wandered away , he snatched her . after the little girl was found , the frantic 911 call her mother made was released . the two-year-old girl from gardena , california , disappeared from this car wash on april 2 . on the 911 call , the mother can be heard saying : ' i heard a scream and then when i cam around to see her…i heard her say ‘mom’ and that’s when i turned around to see her washing and she was gone . ' claudia robles , who was heading into the burger joint where the child was found around 7.15pm , said that the little girl had scratches on her legs and was afraid of going toward the male police officers . the little girl , whom gardena police have asked not to be identified , repeatedly covered her eyes and screamed after she was found . police , who originally said she was ok , kept mum on the extent of the girl 's injuries and the extent that she had been abused , according toktla . the girl 's mother was too distressed to speak to media . ' she 's a pure little innocent baby , ' her aunt grecian alvarez said . police would not describe the extent of the young girl 's injuries . above , the white nissan was also seen driving in a gardena neighborhood . caesar alvarez , the girl 's uncle , said that she was doing well . she was taken to st francis medical center for examination .