wedding season is fast upon us , but with the average cost of the big day hitting £25,000 , thrifty brides are on the hunt for ways to budget . it 's easy to cut costs by snapping up invites and decorations on the high street , but would you buy your wedding dress from the likes of monsoon or debenhams ? or would you rather make like the a-list and splash the cash on a timeless vera wang or oleg cassini gown ? as millions of brides begin the hunt for their perfect dress , femail has pitted the best dresses on the high street against the more high-end gowns . so , can you tell which gowns cost hundreds and which sets you back thousands ? brides . debenhams vs white by vera wang . debenhams is one of the most popular dress vendors on the high street and the store has added a covetable bridal collection to its repertoire . describing the wedding range on its website , debenhams say the classic and modern styles are designed to make you ' look and feel fabulous ' on your big day . on debenhams.com , one £199 dress is described as a ' beautiful grecian inspired gown crafted from satin with beautiful chiffon straps and waterfall detail to the centre front and back . ' it has a fitted , boned bodice with stone , bead and sequin floral embellishment to the waist and rear straps and an elegantly flared skirt - and costs no more than a dress you might snap up for a night on the town . scroll down for video . can you tell which is which ? left : debut at debenhams ' £199 ivory embellished grecian wedding dress , right : white by vera wang £1,450 illusion neckline ball gown with lace detail style . vera wang , on the other end of the spectrum , is the wedding dress designer synonymous with luxury . in 1990 , she opened her own design salon in the carlyle hotel in new york , featuring her now trademark bridal gowns with financial backing from her father . the vera wang label quickly took off , earning praise from the fashion elite for its luxurious fabrics , exquisite detailing and modern interpretation of classic lines . from mariah carey and kim kardashian to heidi klum and jessica simpson , a number of stars have entrusted the renowned designer with their special day . other vera wang-wearing brides include khloe kardashian , who married lamar odom in 2009 in one of her designs , as well as victoria beckham , ivanka trump and chelsea clinton . her iconic designs , which often come embellished with tulle , diamantes and pearls , retail at over £1,000 within her white by vera wang line - and if you want one made bespoke , the price sky-rockets . the vera wang designs , left , which are available at david 's bridal and cost over £1,000 have earned praise from the fashion elite for their luxurious fabrics , while debenhams designs , such as this no 1 jenny packham designer ivory floral embellished mesh maxi dress , right , which costs £220 , have become a popular high-street option . monsoon vs david 's bridal jewel collection . monsoon also offer lavish dresses for brides on a budget . describing its range of vintage-inspired dresses , which cost around £300 , the brand say : ' bedecked with romantic lace , layers of tulle and lavish embellishments , our bridal collection has something to suit all brides-to-be . ' designed exclusively in london , each and every one of our beautiful dresses has been expertly-crafted with the utmost love , care and attention to detail . ' the store has a dedicated ' wedding boutique ' on its website and even has a bridal pinterest board that can be used to garner information . david 's bridal , on the other hand , is a hugely popular american bridal boutique that opened its doors in westfield last year . stocking the likes of white by vera wang and truly by zac posen , as well as its own jewel collection , the designs are lavish . monsoon also offer lavish dresses for brides on a budget , including this coralie dress , left , for £299 . david 's bridal jewel collection tulle ball gown with illusion neckline , long sleeves and lace appliqués , right , will set you back £1,195 . bhs versus david 's bridal . with dresses starting at £85 for a more casual , short dress , bhs offers what is arguably the most affordable range of wedding attire on the high street . ' be a blushing bride in one of our spectacular wedding dresses , ' reads the range 's description . ' we also have a fantastic range of bridal shoes , accessories and bridal lingerie - to ensure your day is picture perfect . ' gowns , which cost - on average - around £150 , come with floor-sweeping skirts , delicate pleating and some with internal support to ensure added comfort . david 's bridal sell more showstopping gowns at their boutique in westfield , london , and online , where dresses come adorned with intricate tulle , embellished with flowers , ruched skirts and a pricetag north of £1,000 . bhs offers what is arguably the most affordable range of wedding attire on the high street , left , a floor-length gown costing £150 , while david 's bridal offer more showstopping gowns like this oleg cassini boat neck ball gown with low back , dramatic cascade skirt and 3d flower embellished bodice , right , for £1,595 . david 's bridal jewel collection dot tulle ball gown with sweetheart neckline , corset bodice and tiered lace skirt with chapel train , left , which would set you back £ 1,195 , versus the violet gown from sir philip green 's bhs , which costs £180 . coast versus melissa sweet . coast is another high street retailer known and loved for its sophisticated fashion . the store 's bridal boutique includes lace wedding dresses and vintage style gowns through to contemporary midi-length or backless maxis . ' each style is designed to accentuate your features with stunning fabrics finished with embellishment or embroidery , ' they say . the dresses , which cost around £150 each , are available in a range of lace and tulle , some with embroidered and embellished details . melissa sweet , meanwhile , prides herself on her creations , which are inspired by her passion for the well-made things of the past . david 's bridal , who stock her gowns costing around £1,200 , say : ' her graceful designs combine a modern sensibility with exquisite vintage detailing , cascading lace , beautiful ribbon trims and intricate hand-sewn beading . ' her gowns are polished yet pretty , fluid and captivating , the perfect collection for the modern romantic . ' melissa sweet designed exclusively for david’s bridal strapless a-line gown with 3d floral appliqué embellishment , left , costs £1,295 , while coast 's maddison dress has a boned structured bodice and a statement hi low hem skirt with underneath tulle at a cost of £250 . phase eight versus oleg cassini . phase eight offer a range of thrifty dresses priced between £250 and £750 in sizes 6-20 . in a nod to 1930s hollywood , a lot of the gowns come with vintage embroidery , beading and lovely lace . everything is designed exclusively in-house and season after season , the store 's buyers travel across the globe in search of the perfect embroidery to inspire and inform the gowns . conversely , oleg cassini , the late american fashion designer born to an aristocratic russian family , dressed some of the most revered hollywood style icons . the house 's designs , which promise to be ' timeless , elegant and polished ' , can cost as much as £1,795 . josephina dress , £495 , phase eight , left , and david 's bridal cassini all over lace strapless ball gown with 3d flora at full skirt , fort £1,795 . david 's bridal jewel collection tulle over satin trumpet gown with south detailing and sweep train , left , £1,895 , versus phase eight 's hope twenties inspired wedding dress heavily embellished with shimmering beads and sequins , right , which , at £595 , is less than half the price . bridesmaids . asos and asda versus david 's bridal . better known for its fast-fashion , super successful e-tailer asos looks set to get even bigger after making its first foray into wedding attire with an exclusive bridesmaid collection . with 30 options available , comprising of multi-styles in complementary fabrics , colours and prints , the bridesmaid collection offers bridal parties designs to be mixed and matched . the range , which starts from £38 , promises to cater to different body shapes and is available in tones of lilac and lavender , sorbet shades of mint and lemon and can even be worn mismatched . girls ' bridesmaid and flowergirl dresses start at £12 and there will be 14 options in total at asda , left , whilst david 's bridal short one shoulder crinkle chiffon dress costs £110 . george at asda is also hoping to help brides on a budget - by launching a wedding collection for bridesmaids and pageboys starting from just £7 . dubbed ' the most affordable range anywhere on the high street ' , the supermarket claim that it 's half the price of rivals such as debenhams and next and is a ' saviour for cash-strapped brides-to-be ' . the new range is designed for children aged 9 months up to 14 years , with girls ' bridesmaid and flowergirl dresses start at £12 , boys ' formal shirts at £7 and suit trousers at £10 . a complete outfit for a flowergirl will cost from £28 , whilst pageboys can look sharp in a shirt , tie , waistcoat , suit and shoes for £51 . david 's bridal , meanwhile , stocks slightly more expensive options with dresses - which are available in up to 53 colourways - costing over the £100 mark . asos has just ventured into bridesmaid attire ( l-r ) wedding bandeau dress , £55 , maxi with fishtail , £65 , drape front dress , £55 . while david 's bridal offers dresses at double the price , such as this short tank lace bridesmaid dress , which is available in 25 colours for £120 . monsoon does bridal parties on a budget : ( l-r ) flowergirl : fallon dress £50 , bridesmaid : madison dress £119 , baby flowergirl : arianne dress , £49 , bride : eliza dress , £499 , bridesmaid : nancy dress , £119 , pageboy : buster 4-piece suit set , £45 .  