it took a team of firefighters , police and engineers , but a house on sydney 's northern beaches tragically damaged in the this week 's destructive storm in nsw has finally been demolished . the narrabeen property began sliding down the hill it was built on after it was battered by the wild weather on tuesday , endangering neighbouring houses and forcing locals to evacuate . ' i was thinking , god how is this thing not falling ? ' fire and rescue superintendent kel mcnamara told the brisbane times . a house in narrabeen has been demolished after it was damaged during this week 's storm in sydney . a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down , but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties . a group of highly trained firefighters , police and engineers undertook the difficult task . ' we had to get it down , ' superintendent mcnamara said . the demolition methods were slightly unusual , and sup mcnamara , a firefighter of 30 years , said they worked well , though he had never seen anything like it . a group of highly trained firefighters , police and engineers undertook the difficult task of pulling it down . a cherry picker was brought in to harness the house 's weight , and pressurised fire hoses pushed it further down the hill as a thick cable was used control the direction it fell . a tree stump on the hill prevented the house from falling further down , but authorities feared it was only a matter of time before it caused further damage to surrounding properties . a cherry picker was brought in to harness the house 's weight , and pressurised fire hoses pushed it further down the hill as a thick cable was used control the direction it fell . ' we did it in the safest possible measure and at the end of the day the best result , ' sup mcnamara said . a firetruck had been brought in to dampen the house and the surrounding area as the property contained asbestos , which needs to be wet in order to prevent the toxic material becoming airborne . locals celebrated the demolishing , clapping and cheering as their own properties were spared from the ticking time bomb . the consequences of the wild weather which battered the state 's coast is still being felt by many families . the ses has had over 11,000 calls for assistance across the state , and insurance companies have received more than 19,500 claims , with losses estimated at $ 129 million , the insurance council of australia ( ica ) said . a firetruck had been brought in to dampen the house and the surrounding area as the property contained asbestos , which needs to be wet in order to prevent the toxic material becoming airborne . locals celebrated the demolishing , clapping and cheering as their own properties were spared from the ticking time bomb . but this figure is expected to climb , with comparable weather disasters in recent years resulting in damage costing in excess of $ 1 billion . ica spokesman campbell fuller said it was impossible to estimate the level of destruction , with floods still impacting on properties across the state . ‘ there are still hundreds of thousands of people without power and i can tell you they’re not lodging insurance claims… claims will keep flowing through for weeks to months , ’ mr fuller said . parliamentary secretary to the premier , gareth ward , predicted the clean-up operation would take a long time . ' the damage has been so enormous over a large footprint of an area , it may take weeks or it may take months for some of the really severe damage , ' he said . parliamentary secretary to the premier , gareth ward , predicted the clean-up operation would take a long time . ' i was thinking , god how is this thing not falling ? ' fire and rescue superintendent kel mcnamara said . nsw premier mike baird said the hardest hit areas of new south wales - including in maitland , dungog and other areas on the central coast - will be declared natural disaster zones following three days of wild and destructive weather . approximately 2000 people are still stranded by the storm 's effects , especially in gillieston heights and hinton . the death toll of the super storm reached eight at it 's end , with police confirming an 86-year-old woman 's body has been discovered in the hull of a submerged car in maitland while searching for two elderly women feared dead . four others were killed on the state 's drenched roads on wednesday , with two drivers killed in a head-on collision on the new england highway near singleton , a man died after his ute collided with a truck at galston , and an 87-year-old pedestrian was fatally hit by a car in east gosford . this comes after three elderly people died due to floodwaters on tuesday in dungog . the woman and two men reportedly died in their homes as water surged through the small town after it received more than 300mm of rain in 24 hours . ' we had to get it down , ' superintendent mcnamara said of the house .