it seemed a somewhat unusual honeymoon destination for kim kardashian and kanye west . but the couple insist they fell in love with the ' calm ' of ireland on a previous visit and just had to return . of course , they did it in style , staying at the 18th-century ballyfin , at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains in the centre of the country . and now the five-star hotel has been given the highest accolade , declared the grandest hotel in ireland by conde nast traveller magazine . splendour ! ballyfin has been named by travel publication condé nast traveller as the grandest hotel in ireland . the five-star retreat boasts a luxurious pool , which can be enjoyed with privacy due to its small volume of rooms . grand retreat ! with only 20 rooms for the 614 acre estate , this 5 star luxury hotel is the perfect place for a break from the stresses of the modern world and provides discretion and privacy like few other destinations . set at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains , the five-star ballyfin played host to the famous couple last may . the high profile couple were seen travelled by mercedes to the hotel during their first holiday as a married couple , last year . the famous couple headed to the picturesque co laois area , following tying the knot in an opulent italian wedding ceremony last may 24 . many were baffled at them shunning popular exotic holiday destinations such as the seychelles and maldives but kim tweeted her explanation . ' we spent kanye 's bday in ireland a few years back & fell in love with it ! its such a calming relaxing place ! ' the couple enjoyed a relaxing stay at the hotel , which has only 20 rooms on its 614 acre estate . set at the foot of the slieve bloom mountains , the entirety of the elegant ballyfin can be hired out for a small €25,000 ( £18,000 ) a night . it prides itself on promoting a break from the stresses of modern life , and maintaining privacy for guests . with only 20 rooms on the 614 acre estate , it aims to be a relaxing haven for its guests . during their irish stay , the couple headed to the local cinema , to the surprise of locals , and enjoyed the outdoors with a mountain biking trek . intimate luxury ! the elegant manor house has snug rooms restored to their 18th century glory . the interior decoration of the hotel is renown for being one of the finest examples of the neoclassical and empire periods in ireland . guests can take their pick of luxurious places to relaxing , from the eighty-foot library and gold drawing room , to the grand saloon . hidden away behind a secret bookcase in the library is even a sun-filled conservatory . the rooms are bedecked with irish art and antiques from around the world , aiming to preserve the elegance from ballyfin 's 1820s beginning . the house has long been admired in ireland , and after eight years of restoration , ballyfin re-opened in may 2011 as a 5 star country house hotel . last year tourism minister paschal donohoe revealed that visitors to ireland from great britain increased by 11.3 per cent , with an extra 178,200 visitors on 2013 . visits from kim and kayne , combined with the filming of game of thrones , helped to boost these numbers dramatically . ballyfin remained discreet on the impact of the couple 's stay on its own popularity . a spokesperson for the hotel said : ' the privacy ballyfin affords is one of many compelling reasons that guests will choose to stay at the hotel . ' ballyfin respects this at all times and would never compromise this stance . ' enjoy the stunning hotel , or take advantage of the picturesque outside gardens and areas . opulent ! condé nast traveller has dubbed the five-star 18th century manor hotel as the grandest hotel in the country . unusual honeymoon ! kim and kanye were seen heading to the cinema twice during their first holiday as a couple . guests can enjoy the immaculate rooms inside the 1820s house which can be hired out for £18,000 ( €25,000 ) a night .   