two french backpackers who filmed themselves torching a native australian quokka have been released from prison . thibaud jean leon vallet , 24 , and his cousin jean mickael batrikian , 18 , pleaded guilty to animal cruelty after footage emerged of the pair lighting the quokka on fire with an aerosol can and a lighter on rottnest island on april 3 . the pair appeared before fremantle magistrate 's court last friday and were ordered to pay $ 4000 and were told that they would be held behind bars for seven days if they fail to pay the fines . scroll down for video . the two french tourists charged with setting fire to a quokka have been released from jail after spending a week behind bars . the french men opted to serve the seven days in hakea prison rather than pay the fine , as they did not have sufficient funds . a department of corrective services spokeswoman said that the week long sentence was considered the equivalent of the fine , and that it had been served in full , reported wa today . the men were released at 11.30 am on thursday morning after entering the jail , in canning vale , western australia on friday . according to corrective services , the two french men cost taxpayers $ 1810 each day they were in jail , despite the fact that the pair had saved over $ 12,000 between them in their working holiday employment as cleaners , reported the esperance express . the creature survived the incident by scampering away , but was singed by the flame . animal rights activists have claimed that the pair 's punishment was too lenient for their crime . using a deodorant can and lighter , the men torch the defenseless creature which quickly scampers away . animal rights activists have claimed that the pair 's punishment was too lenient for their crime . ' it was pretty disgusting , ' said peter murphy from quokka rescue . ' i do n't think the sentence is enough . i think they got off quite lightly . ' the video of the crime was played in court on friday , and magistrate elizabeth langdon labelled the act ' outrageous ' , reported the west australian . in the disturbing footage of their crime , both men are heard laughing uncontrollably after igniting the quokka before one said ' do n't do that , why ? ' the creature survived the incident by scampering away , but was singed by the flame . the magistrate was told that vallet and batrikian were remorseful for their actions , and that they admitted the incident was stupid and juvenile . the men can be heard uncontrollably laughing after igniting the native australian creature . the quokka is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo with thick brown fur . magistrate langdon commented on their cruelty , calling the offence ' abhorrent . ' ' one can only imagine the impact caused to the quokka , ' she said . ' obviously it would have been fearful as a result of what occurred . ' the men told fairfax media outside court on saturday , ' you think we 're monsters ? we did n't hurt the quokka . we have pets at home . ' both men were on a working holiday and were spending three months in rottnest island working as cleaners . as a result of the incident , both men lost their job . they also had their passports confiscated and are expected to be leaving australia soon . the quokka , classed by the government as ' vulnerable ' , is a small wallaby and resembles a diminutive version of the kangaroo with thick , rough , grey-brown fur . it is found only in the south-west of western australia state and on the offshore islands of rottnest and bald . 