an overweight mother-of-four has become a successful fitness model at the age of 41 after shrinking five dress sizes . maria twomey , 42 , of watford , became a bikini competitor after swapping takeaways and fatty snacks for weight-lifting and intense workouts on the exercise bike . she has now left behind her job in nursing and has joined the ranks of professional fitness models , hitting the gym for three hours a day . scroll down for video . maria with sean before she lost weight ( l ) and winning second place in the miami pro modelling comp ( r ) . she discovered she was able to lift weights and complete high-energy sprints on an exercise bike . she said : ' i 've had an incredible `` mum makeover '' . i want other women to realise that you 're never too old to completely change your life around - all it takes is some hard work . ' maria , who is married to sean twomey , 49 , a dental technician , saw her weight increase while she was raising their children jake , now 20 , conor , 17 , liam , 14 , and kaine , ten . she said : ' after having children , watching my figure was the very last thing on my mind . i put all my energy into dashing around after my kids instead . ' sean and i fell into the habit of treating ourselves with takeaways . ' it was n't that we were dramatically over-eating , but we let ourselves fall into a pattern of inactivity , and eventually i began to notice that my outfits were getting tighter and tighter . ' by the time she reached her 40th birthday in the autumn of 2013 , maria was tipping the scales at 12st 7lb and was wearing size 14 clothes . she eventually slimmed to her lowest weight of 8st 7lb , and reduced her body fat percentage from 38 per cent to 15 per cent . maria before with husband sean and children ( l-r ) jake , now 20 , conor , 17 , liam , 14 , and kaine , 10 . maria , just before her weight loss , found that fitting seatbelts was getting more and more uncomfortable . she said : ' it was still a massive shock for me - it was the heaviest i'd ever been . ' fitting seatbelts around me was getting more and more uncomfortable . before too long all i could think about what how overweight i was . ' i 'd pop down the gym every so often , but i 'd never really exerted myself . i realised that if i was serious about losing weight and getting back in shape , i would need to have someone spurring me on , so i signed up for a series of personal training sessions . at first , even jogging on the spot left me absolutely breathless . ' as the weeks wore on , maria found her fitness increasing and although the weight loss was not immediately obvious , she discovered she was able to lift weights and complete high-energy sprints on an exercise bike . after she discovered personal training her fitness increased , and although the weight loss was not immediate . eventually her personal trainer , who had willed her on from the start , said he had bigger plans and suggested she take part in a fitness modelling competition . she says her transformation has completely changed her life . she also completely changed her diet in a bid to trim down . before her weight loss she typically ate a fried egg on toast for breakfast , followed by cheese and mayonnaise sandwiches for lunch , with a large jacket potato with cheese and beans for her evening meal . she would snack on twix bars , crisps and fizzy drinks throughout the day . her new diet saw her eat poached eggs for breakfast , lean chicken with sweet potato for lunch , and lean steak with salad for her evening meal . she snacked on portions of nuts throughout the day , and was careful to drink plenty of water . she said : ' in a year i lost four stone . i was so proud of myself . ' i 'd set out to feel happy in my own body again , and i 'd definitely achieved that . i was content to continue to maintain my slimmer figure , but my personal trainer , who had willed me on from the start , said he had bigger plans and suggested i take part in a fitness modelling competition . ' competitive fitness modelling challenges participants to tone their bodies and perform in exhibitions where they are judged on their physique and stage presence . after being encouraged by her family and friends , maria took part in her first amateur competition , the miami pro in st albans , in october 2014 . the mother-of-four pictured after her weight loss , having fun in the sun with her nephew alfie . she said : ' i was 41 and stepping on to a stage to pose for the first time in my life in a size six bikini . ' as confidence boosters go , it was hard to beat , and i was amazed when i was announced as the runner-up . ' ' reaching second place qualified me to compete in a professional category . athletes train for years to reach that level , so i felt incredibly lucky . ' maria is will take part in her second competition on sunday april 19 at the miami pro world championships in st albans . she is using the exposure gained from competing to launch a career as a personal trainer . she said : ' my transformation has completely changed my life . i have hopes for a new career , and my relationship with my family has got even better . ' i 'm a calmer , more balanced person . i feel like i 'm a better mum to my kids because i have more confidence and energy . ' i think it 's important for people to realise that you can do absolutely anything if you put your mind to it - i 'm proof of that . ' breakfast : poached eggs . lunch : lean chicken with some sweet potato . dinner : lean steak with salad . snacks : nuts throughout the day , and is careful to drink plenty of water . breakfast : fried egg on toast . lunch : cheese and mayonnaise sandwiches . dinner : jacket potato with cheese and beans . snacks : twix bars , crisps and fizzy drinks throughout the day . maria with her trophy having won second place in the miami pro modelling competition in st albans in 2014 .