hard-hitting chris hala'ufia flattened a streaker and was then sent off for a brutal attack on leicester forward laurence pearce during saturday's aviva premiership clash . the tongan number eight , who has been warned in the past over his ill-discipline , halted pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge and left him prone on the ground . after studying replays on the big screen , referee tim wigglesworth showed hala'ufia a yellow card and then changed it to red after he had seen him shove pearce 's head into the ground . london welsh forward chris hala'ufia tackles a streaker during saturday 's aviva premiership match . hala'ufia halted laurence pearce with a shoulder charge and then shoved his head into the turf . leicester number eight pearce was left prone on the ground after the challenge by hala'ufia . hala'ufia then grabbed pearce 's head and rammed into the turf , earning him a red card . watch chris hala'ufia 's brutal assault on laurence pearce . the dismissal of hala'ufia helped leicester tigers boost their hopes of a top-four finish with a workmanlike bonus point 38-17 win . leicester fought back from a shock 10-7 half time deficit to score 31 points in a one sided second half against the relegated welsh . captain ben youngs scored leicester 's first try in the third minute and five more followed after the interval from laurence pearce ( two ) , sam harrison , jamie gibson , and tom youngs . london welsh 's tries came from koree britton and opeti fonua . leicester , however , left the field at half time to boos and whistles from a section of the welford road crowd who were unhappy with a lethargic , error-strewn performance from their team . it was the first time the welsh had led at half time in the premiership this season and , while they did not play well , they fought for everything and scored a well-deserved try in the 38th minute . it came moments after a male streaker had enlivened proceedings by running across the pitch . he was flattened by a flying tackle from hala'ufia before being escorted from the ground by two stewards . some were not sure where to look when the streaker ran on to the pitch during the first half . imposing number eight hala'ufia took exception to the interruption in play by the naked fan . hala'ufia decided to take matters into his own hands and help remove the streaker . whether that proved a distraction to kicker chris elder is a moot point but the winger then missed a relatively easy penalty before the welsh took the lead with a try after a surging run from hala'ufia . hala'ufia found hooker britton who dived under the posts , with replacement will robinson adding the conversion . it seemed a lot longer than 35 minutes since leicester had started the match with a bang , scrum half and captain ben youngs sauntering over for an easy try in the fourth minute from a line-out with the welsh defence having gone missing . freddie burns ' conversion made it 7-0 and the crowd sat back and probably expected an avalanche of points against a side already relegated , having gained just one bonus point all season and shipped 869 points before this match.. . the pitch invader managed to get back to his feet despite the hit from hala'ufia . the streaker was finally escorted from the ground by two stewards . but the rout never came as leicester made error after error , particularly at the breakdown , and after elder had missed a 16th minute penalty he put the visitors on the board with a beauty from a metre inside his own half . the exiles ' lead did not last long because leicester , probably after a half time rollicking , scored three minutes after the break , no8 laurence pearce getting the touchdown after a rolling maul , the decision coming from the tmo . burns missed the conversion . pearce got his second seven minutes later , finishing off a lovely outside break by mathew tait to make it 17-10 . burns hit a post with the conversion attempt . things got worse for the welsh in the 55th minute when hala'ufia was sent off after he halted pearce in his tracks with a shoulder charge and left him prone on the ground . after studying replays on the big screen , referee tim wigglesworth showed hala'ufia a yellow card and then changed it to red after he had seen him shove pearce 's head into the ground . the bonus point try came in the 65th minute after a brilliant counter from full-back niall morris . although hauled down just short of the line , replacement scrum half harrison dummied before stretching over a pile of bodies to get the touchdown which burns converted . flanker gibson got the fifth , his strength taking him over in the right corner , which replacement tommy bell converted . with seven minutes left giant replacement fonua got the exiles second try from a tap penalty near the line . robinson converted . replacement hooker tom youngs scored leicester 's sixth with two seconds left . bell converted .  