for people that like their dating chilled out , an app that’s been dubbed ‘ tinder for marijuana users’ has just gone global . called high there ! , the app is officially described as the world’s first global social network for cannabis enthusiasts . the network is designed to let users meet one another online to make friends and form relationships without being judged for their habit or views . the high there ! app is described as the world’s first global social network of cannabis enthusiasts . users share their interests ( left ) and energy levels when using cannabis ( right ) as part of their profile . when high there ! first launched two months ago , it could only be downloaded by users in the us who live in states that have legalised cannabis . but now it’s available globally via apple’s app store and google play , after getting approval to widen its reach . the app quickly became popular in new york , california and colorado , with 41,000 downloads in the first six weeks and it’s expected to a hit in the netherlands , spain , england and australia , forbes reported . users swipe to choose to connect to people - like in the popular dating app tinder . when high there ! first launched two months ago , it could only be downloaded by users in the us who live in states that have legalised cannabis ( a joint is pictured ) but a global version was rolled out yesterday . the medicinal properties of hemp are being used by pet owners to treat their cats and dogs . hemp is legal and unlike cannabis , contains little tetrahydrocannabinol ( thc ) , which is the psychoactive chemical that produces the cannabis high . there are a rising number of firms in the us that sell biscuits containing cannabidiol extracted from hemp , believed to alleviate joint pains , treat mood disorders and even help animals lose weight . research has also suggested that cbd can relieve pain and discomfort in dying pets and calm animals down . canna companion , based in sultan in washington , uses hemp from the cannabis sativa strain in its capsules and biscuits for both cats and dogs . ' due in part to their small body size , dogs and cats can take advantage of small amounts of cbd , thc and other cannabinoids found in hemp and can therefore reap the benefits of this great plant , ' the firm said . ' we are not interested in , nor are we advocating the administration of , the well-known psychotropic compound thc , in concentrations sufficient to produce the ' high ' or psychotropic effects which are normally associated with marijuana . ' we are not advocating the administration of marijuana , by any route , to animals in order to produce medical benefit or to produce any psychotropic effect . ' the firm writes on the app store : ' chat with your connections and invite your friends who also want to engage in shared experiences within a non-judgmental environment . ' you can use high there ! to date , go out with new friends , or simply connect with people who are like you . as we say , “ you 've got more friends than you think . ” ' denver-based founder and ceo of high there ! todd mitchem , said that the app doesn’t encourage the sale of marijuana but is simply a social network for people who consider it part of their lifestyle . it deletes the accounts of people who post photos of the drug in their profile picture and takes down images of marijuana in their picture section . despite the measures , mr mitchem said he was surprised that the app was allowed to go global . writing on the high there ! blog , he said : ‘ this news was a surprise , but the allowance was made because we are a responsible social network and because we focus on building connections rather than just showing off your weed . ’ he’s a former chief revenue officer of hash oil maker , o.penvape and says that 12 million people use some form of the drug , meaning that there is a real opportunity to connect users on a social network . his motivation for rolling out the app widely is personal too , because his mother used the drug to battle cancer , which mr mitchem claims saved her life . ‘ to you , that mother just like mine , fighting cancer in a state where the stigma still exists around weed , high there ! is here for you . his motivation for rolling out the app globally ( illustrated with this image ) is personal for mr mitchem , because his mother used to drug to battle cancer , which he claims saved her life . the app deletes the accounts of people who post photos of the drug in their profile picture and takes down images of marijuana ( a stock image is shown ) in their picture section . ‘ to all of you in states where cannabis is now legal , high there ! is definitely here for you too ! ‘ and to the countless women and men who simply want to meet other like-minded , amazing people in a non-judgmental way , high there ! is here for you also . ’ the app has been likened to tinder , which also lets users swipe through prospective friends and partners . at its regional launch , mashable reported that mr mitchem created the app after women didn’t find him appealing on conventional dating sites , because he smokes cannabis . ‘ we wanted to build a cool piece of technology that solved the problem of where do million and millions of cannabis consumers go to meet people , connect with people and build relationships , ’ he said . ‘ a lot of people say we’re the tinder of weed , but that’s only one facet of the whole thing . it’s so much bigger . he says the network is actually primarily designed for platonic connections . ‘ as we open the platform to the entire planet , i am certain meeting new like-minded people will take on some exciting new paths , ’ he added .