it was a cunning plot to steal more than £1.5million in gold bullion and jewellery . using a flat-pack wooden cabinet as a ‘ trojan horse’ , one of the thieves was to hide inside . the gang then planned to put real money in a briefcase and show it to a jeweller at a pre-arranged meeting , before placing it on the floor . then , while a price was being agreed at a nearby table , the man in the cabinet would switch the case for one containing counterfeit notes . the gang – posing as wealthy italians – would then walk off with their money and the stolen jewellery . scroll down for video . jail terms : luigi arcuri ( left ) , 73 , nikolic giuliano ( centre ) , 37 and antonino ballistreri ( right ) , 45 , were each sentenced to two years and eight months for conspiracy to defraud and possession of counterfeit currency . the idea : they planned to put one of the men inside the desk , show the jeweller real cash in a briefcase and then switch this with an identical case containing counterfeit notes - which he would then take away . in construction : the gang posing as rich italian businessmen built the cabinet so one of them could hide inside a large void in the middle and secretly switch a haul of euros for fake money during a deal . flat-pack desk : while a price was agreed , the money would be switched by the man hidden inside the cabinet for an identical brief case containing the worthless counterfeit notes . but the three men and one teenager were seized when police swooped on a conference room at a hotel in manchester city centre – and found them assembling the cabinet . officers suspect similar scams have been carried out across europe , costing businesses millions of pounds . at manchester crown court , luigi arcuri , 73 , nikolic giuliano , 37 , and antonino ballistreri , 45 , were each sentenced to two years and eight months in prison . a 17-year-old boy , who can not be named for legal reasons , was given 16 months . all admitted conspiracy to defraud and possession of counterfeit currency . the men had been negotiating the purchase of gold and gems worth £1.5million from rockefeller’s in manchester . they first contacted the shop by phone . this was followed by a visit by the teenager , who gave his name as benjamin berman , and ballistreri , who called himself mr ferrari . both were well-dressed and wore rolex watches and ordered 41 high-value items including gold bullion and jewellery . arrangements were made to meet at a hotel , where a ‘ swiss banker’ , who would be in possession of the cash , would be present . cash in the draw : the quartet are suspected of being part of a larger , highly organised gang responsible for defrauding businesses across europe out of jewellery and gold bullion worth millions of pounds . euros seized by police : inside a drawer , officers recovered €2.2million in counterfeit money as well as £52,000 worth of legitimate euro notes . police , who had been tipped off , placed the teenager and ballistreri under surveillance and monitored them as they returned to the shop and finalised the deal . they were observed going to the thistle hotel near the trafford centre before going to a supermarket where they bought a torch to be used by the man in the cabinet . enquiries revealed that a phone number used to contact rockefeller’s was also used to contact other jewellers in the region . detectives also discovered that in november , the 17-year-old had tried to defraud diamond watches in london , classic jewellers and camelot diamonds in brighton and had attempted to launder cash in brighton exchange . police swooped and arrested the gang and found 2.2 million in counterfeit euros ( around £1.5million ) as well as £52,000 of legitimate euro notes . detective inspector rob cousen of greater manchester police said : ‘ this was a well-run , highly sophisticated scam . to catch them red-handed is a fantastic result as we have been able to stop them in their tracks and prevent them from committing a serious crime . ’ caught on cctv : two members of the group were observed going to the thistle hotel near the trafford centre , moving the flat-pack table on a trolley ahead of assembling it in a conference room . first floor camera : the men are pictured making their way through the hotel with their kit , before setting it up in a conference room . police swooped on the room and found them busy assembling the wooden furniture . the men outside the shop : detectives discovered that men purporting to be italian businessmen had been negotiating the purchase of jewellery worth €2million from rockefeller 's jewellers ( above ) in manchester . grifters : the £1.5million gold bullion sting would have been worthy of the tv show hustle , starring ( from left ) robert glenister , matt di angelo , adrian lester , rob jarvis , kelly adams and robert vaughn .