a west australian woman has been been granted bail after spending almost three weeks behind bars for allegedly squirting her breast milk at a police officer during an altercation . erica leeder , 26 , was charged with assaulting a police officer an altercation at rockingham police station , about 50 kilometres south of perth . west australian police confirmed to daily mail australia the mother of three was arrested on march 25 when she was taken to the station on an outstanding warrant , reportedly during a strip search . erica leeder , 26 , was charged after she squirted breast milk at a female police officer during a strip search . mother of three erica leeder allegedly squirted breast milk at a police officer . she has two previous charges and could face a prison sentence . a woman has been charged with assaulting a police officer after she allegedly squirted her with her breast milk ( file image ) . ' it was while at the rockingham police station that an incident occurred where the woman was further charged with assault public officer , ' police said in a statement . perth now reported that the incident in question occurred during a body search , when the woman was naked from the waist down . the 26-year-old was rearranging her clothes when she reportedly took hold of her breast and squirted the female officer . the mother of three young boys will reappear in court in may and has been ordered to seek a mental health assessment . leeder faces up to 18 months in jail as she already received a suspended sentence in 2012 for a similar assault charge . she was also charged on february 17 this year with assaulting public health worker edward john hall in a hospital . the 26-year-old ( not pictured ) is said to have covered the female officer 's face , arms and uniform in milk during a strip search . the officer was hit with milk on her face , arms and uniform . on march 26 the calista woman appeared at fremantle magistrates court on the arrest warrant and assaulting a police officer charges . she was refused bail and remanded in custody . the woman will appear in court again next week . west australian police could not comment further due to ongoing court proceedings . 