a terminally-ill five-year-old has died just days after his devoted parents granted his final wish by getting married at his hospital bedside . corey edwards was born with a complex congenital heart defect and endured eight traumatic open heart surgeries in a bid to save his life . his greatest wish was for his parents jemma , 21 , and craig , 28 , to tie the knot , but despite getting engaged three years ago , his ill health put their plans on hold . corey edwards , five , has died five days after his final wish - to see his parents get married - was granted . corey , who was born with a complex congenital heart defect , held the rings at the ceremony at his bedside in bristol children 's hospital . corey 's condition had gradually deteriorated since january , when he was admitted to hospital with a cold , and his parents were warned he had just days to live . to grant the little boy 's final wish , staff at bristol children 's hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents to marry at his bedside , including getting the archbishop of canterbury 's permission for the ceremony to be held on the paediatric ward . the five-year-old held the rings at the wedding on saturday , with his mother saying corey looked ' very handsome ' in a suit . sadly corey died last night , five days after the ceremony . speaking shortly after the wedding , father-of-three mr edwards , from teignmouth , devon , said : ' it may not have been the day we had initially planned in our heads but it did n't matter to us . ' to have our son there meant more than anything and it will be a day we will never forget . ' we ca n't thank the staff enough for what they have done for us and corey and we would like them to know how much we appreciate their hard work and dedication . ' the terminally ill boy 's parents craig and jemma had been engaged for years but delayed tying the knot because of corey 's ill health . to grant the little boy 's final wish , staff at bristol children 's hospital pulled out all the stops to allow his parents ( pictured with sisters isabelle and caitlyn ) to marry at his bedside . mrs edwards added : ' the most important thing for us was having our son corey at our side , holding the rings and wearing his suit . ' we could n't have been more proud of him . we were also incredibly lucky to have our daughters there and the support of so many . ' after deciding to get married , the couple had barely 48 hours to organise the ceremony , which was complicated by requiring permission from the archbishop of canterbury justin welby to go ahead . the newlyweds signed the wedding register at their son 's hospital bedside . the law allows couples to marry in hospital if one of them is desperately ill and that did not apply in this case . but a law dating back to henry viii gives the archbishop of canterbury special dispensation to allow weddings in hospital for ' pastoral reasons ' . ' when we knew corey 's wishes , everyone on picu ( paediatric intensive care unit ) and ward 32 , including staff and friends , got together to help us , ' mr edwards said . ' the bishop of bristol had to write to the archbishop of canterbury to get special permission for us to marry in the hospital and we are so grateful he agreed . ' corey was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect when he was seven months old and had eight open-heart surgeries as well as other treatments . staff at bristol children 's hospital grew close to the family during numerous hospital stays. , and rallied together to help with the wedding . mr edwards , a council road sweeper , said : ' when we got the go ahead , we only had a matter of days to plan . ' we rushed into town to buy a dress and suit and made do with our engagement rings as wedding rings . ' we could n't believe the generosity of all those involved . one nurse helped to do jemma 's hair , whilst another two members of staff made the cake and iced it . ' chairs were pulled together to form an aisle and decorations were put up to make it feel like a wedding venue . ' we were married by the hospital 's chaplain , rev stephen oram , who was very excited to be sharing this occasion with us . ' corey was diagnosed with a complex congenital heart defect when he was seven months old and had eight open-heart surgeries as well as other treatments . after deciding to get married , the couple had barely 48 hours to organise the ceremony , which was complicated by requiring permission from the archbishop of canterbury justin welby to go ahead . mr edwards added : ' it turned into a really , really amazing day and corey was so proud . he looked very handsome . i think he really enjoyed it , which was the main thing . ' getting married is usually the bride and groom 's special day , which it was , but it 's more corey 's special day because he is such a special boy . ' it was nice to share our special day with the people who have helped us enjoy corey 's short life . it has got to the point where there is n't more they can do now , which is obviously very hard . ' instead of being at his bedside crying the whole time at least on that one day we had a real special day . we know he was happy that day . ' when he 's home and well you would n't know he is a cardiac patient . he 's happy , running around and loves to play . ' the newlyweds spent their wedding night at their son 's bedside and later returned to the nearby ronald mcdonald house where they are staying whilst corey is in hospital . speaking before corey passed away , william booth , matron for picu , said it was a privilege to share the special day with corey 's family . he added : ' the whole hospital was abuzz with excitement . ' one of the nurses made and iced a cake others brought in flowers and gifts for the newlyweds . ' lots of the nursing and medical teams involved in corey 's care came in over the easter break to share this special occasion with them all . ' 