a plane seat specifically targeted at making plane travel more comfortable for obese passengers and small children has won a prize for its innovation vision this week . the adapted chair by sii deutschland , beat off competition from 21 finalists to win the passenger comfort hardware award at the crystal cabin awards in hamburg , germany . sitting at one-and-a-half times the width of a standard seat , the santo seat ( special accommodation needs for toddlers and overweight passengers ) aims to improve aircrew procedure and passenger safety . passenger comfort hardware winner : the santo seat by sii deutschland is larger than usual seats , and makes use of space at the back of aircraft where the fuselage narrows . the adapted seat would make use of the usually wasted space at the back of aircraft , where the fuselage narrows . it would be a larger version of the aircraft chairs , meaning a wider passenger could comfortably and safety fit in the chair , without disrupting the neighbouring customer . as the santo seat has an extra half a seat width , a baby seat could be fitted securely into the chair , with enough space for a regular customer to sit alongside without paying for an extra seat . the designs were judged by a team of 24 experts , including panel chairwoman melissa raudebaugh , general manager of aircraft experience at delta air lines . ' selecting the crystal cabin award winners was a tough decision this year , as all finalists were of very high quality - ranging from renowned manufacturers to inspiring university concepts , which we will hopefully see flying soon ' , said raudebaugh , as reported by pr newswire . the seat won the prize as part of the aircraft interiors expo in hamburg , and addresses the issue of the safety for obese passengers . not only being space effective , the larger chair aims to address the on-going debate about whether to charge obese passengers for two seats . some american airlines have adopted this principle if customers are unable to buckle their seatbelt without the use of a seatbelt extender . in 2011 a male passenger claims he was forced to stand for seven hours in the aisle of a plane on his us airways flight , from anchorage to philadelphia , as a 400lb man took up a lot of his seat . another solution was put forward by samoa air in 2013 charging customers depending on their weight , in a bid to reduce fuel costs . visitors look at expliseat wide seats weighing four kilos at the aircraft interiors expo 2014 . it is the leading trade fair for aircraft cabin designers and presents novelties in design , entertainment and connectivity . the crystal cabin awards were awarded as part of aircraft interiors expo which aims to showcase world 's most advanced and creative ideas for the aircraft cabin . the santo was not the only seat design aiming to solve the issue of comfort when it comes to overweight passengers . expliseat also displayed wider seating designs to accommodate larger passnegers . prestigious aviation companies such as b/e aerospace and etihad airways showed their concepts at the international trade fair of aircraft interiors which took place from april 14 to 16 . other awarded ideas included b/e aerospace 's solar cell films on cabin windows , and a vacuum technology to reduce space of waste by lavatories and trash bags created by hamburg university of applied sciences . premium class & vip : a380 upper deck by etihad ( uae ) . one highlight this year was in the head-to-head a380-first class race between two airlines from the united arab emirates . etihad airways won by a nose with its 'a380 upper deck ' . etihad is the first airline in the world to install a three room apartment in a commercial airliner , the ' residence by etihad ' . behind the residence is the first class cabin with nine compartments and 70 business class seats . greener cabin , health , safety & environment : solar eclipse by b/e aerospace ( usa ) . a thin solar cell film is installed in the sun visor of the cabin window , providing passengers with electricity to charge their electronic devices during flight . although the system is still under development , the manufacturer is already working on achieving production approval soon . industrial design & visionary concepts : e2 cabin concept by embraer ( brazil ) . the cabin for embraers e2 generation of regional jets , is characterised by an innovative , easy maintenance design . the use of space is especially well thought-out . special baggage lockers , for example , and a staggered seating concept , provide more space in the aircraft . passenger comfort hardware : santo seat by sii deutschland ( germany ) . the ' santo seat ' ( special accommodation needs for toddlers and overweight passengers ) is beneficial for both passengers and airlines . the normally wasted space at the rear of the aircraft cabin , where the fuselage narrows , is used by a special seat , one-and-a-half times the width of a normal seat . the seat is ideal for overweight passengers and for passengers with small children . for these passengers , the seat is safer than a standard seat . passenger comfort systems : exede in the air by viasat ( usa ) . the satellite-powered ' exede in the air ' solution brings a 12 mbps internet connection to every seat , allowing passengers to stream films or shop online above the clouds without difficulty . material & components : lexan xhr2000 by sabic innovative plastics ( uae ) . the ' lexan xhr2000 ' film has a transparency level of 80 percent , currently the highest possible level . application possibilities range from windows to surface elements within the cabin , providing interior designers in particular with completely new possibilities . university : trash compactor by hamburg university of applied sciences ( germany ) . marc spille a student of aviation studies , in collaboration with airbus , developed a mobile trash container which uses the vacuum technology of the on-board lavatory to compress trash bags into a space-saving format within seconds .   