gone are the days of the waif model and ' heroin chic ' : a new , fitter , stronger generation of women will be walking down the runway at this year 's mercedes-benz fashion week australia . we are handsome will debut their first active swim range on tuesday night in sydney and break all the rules by featuring real-life fitness and social media stars , rather than professional models . the models will include sjana earp , kate kendall , amanda bisk , juliet burnett , and lindy klim . scroll down for video . bringing sexy back : australian designers we are handsome are among the fashion houses rejecting traditional skinnier models in favour of strong , fit girls . earp , 20 , is a social media sensation famous for sharing her yoga poses with her 679,000 instagram followers , bisk is a former commonwealth games pole vaulter , sprinter and yogi , kendall is a qualified yoga instructor and burnett is a professional australian ballet dancer . we are handsome design duo jeremy and katinka somers , are known for pushing boundaries but believe there will be only positive reaction to their unusual model choice . 'there’s a big thing about `` who should be on the runway '' so we know we’re breaking rules by having girls that have never been on a catwalk before ( and who are nervous about it ) , ' katinka told daily mail australia . strong beats skinny : we are handsome will debut fit , real girls ( including instagram sensation sjana earp , pictured ) at launch of their active swim range on tuesday night in sydney . bolt like bisk : amanda bisk , who is the ultimate fit trifecta , ( yogi , pole vaulter and sprinter ) , will also walk the runway show today . beach to backstage : bisk achieves her slim frame through healthy exercise . ' but the rules are there to be broken , times have changed and girls who are active are the new shape . strong really is the new sexy . ' casting healthy girls is crucial to the designers who believe largely represent their brand and promote the active philosophy they value . ' we will not cast skinny models or skeletal frames , we look for real , active and healthy women - and not just with the fit girls but for our catwalk models too , ' says katinka . waif goes wayward : australian designers ditch skeletal frames , following france 's law to ban skinny models . en pointe : ballet dancer juliet burnett will feature as one of the fit girls in the we are handsome show . jeremy admits personality comes into it too . ' we 're authentic , fun and outgoing so it 's about making people feel good and having girls that purvey that . ' ' a lot of the girls ( fitness models ) are very big on instagram and encourage people to follow in their active foot steps , so we have chosen experienced yogis , a ballerina , a sprinter and pole vaulter and people who embody healthy eating too , ' says jeremy . on how the industry will take their bold choice , the we are handsome couple are n't worried . klim-spiration : lindy klim , pictured wearing a we are handsome swimsuit , will also walk the runway . ' we have friends who are competitors , but we don’t design for other designers , we design for ourselves and the we are handsome woman , ' says jeremy . ' we 're also not shunning skinny women , ' adds katinka . ' there are lots of women out there that no matter what they eat , won’t be a robust shape . we 're just aiming for a different shape of women to other designers . ' this industry first in australia comes only days after france passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in paris fashion week . aspirational athlete : kate kendall , co-owner of gym flow athletic will host a yoga class and walk the runway . agents and fashion houses who hire the models could face fines under the new law , which was passed on april 3 . ' we 're also not shunning skinny women , ' adds katinka . ' there are lots of women out there that no matter what they eat , won’t be a robust shape . we 're just aiming for a different shape of women to other designers . ' this industry first in australia comes only days after france passed legislation banning excessively thin models from participating in paris fashion week . social media star : sjana earp , fitness blogger and avid yogi will star in the we are handsome show . this self-regulated approach has also been taken by new australian brand robb & lulu who cast healthy , instagram sensation renee somerfield for their debut collection . ' after the collection went live online yesterday we had great consumer and industry feedback , ' says sian vandermuelen who represents the label . ' they loved that we were using a woman that was n't a typical sample size and who is comfortable in her own skin . ' crave comfort : robb & lulu have found women like seeing models who are comfortable in their own skin . leading the way in size range too , robb & lulu have chosen to make resort wear that goes from size 0 up to 26 and swimwear that includes bigger cup sizes too , with cups sizes going up to a double f . ' lulu found there was a gap in market and she needed to design for women that are bigger and bustier and people that were able to feel empowered and comfortable in a bigger bikini or kaftan . ' and the proof is in the demand , with british vogue already catching wind of the label 's range and requesting stock from them based on their fits and ability to suit all bodies and sizes . australian designer manning cartell have also taken a stance , with all 39 women on their runway being size 8-10 models this season . bikini babe : social media star renee somerfield was chosen to launch robb & lulu 's first collection . push for plus : australian label robb and lulu have had great response to 0-26 size range and ff cup sizes . ' we always try and select healthy strong girls so it’s always been a focus for us , ' says gabrielle manning , as reported in the daily telegraph . additionally bondi bather has refused 'too-skinny models ' during castings with designer kerry cusack reporting back to modelling agencies that she is after healthy , aussie girls and believes its a responsibility designers need to guard to stop young girls body image issues . as for we are handsome , alongside the fit models , a yoga class held by kate kendall ( yoga teacher and one of the models walking ) will commence prior to the runway show to energise the models and instil the healthy message of the brand before the show . 