taxpayers are having to find £11billion a year to top up the wages of millions of people working in supermarkets and other low paid jobs . the money , which amounts to a massive public subsidy for the companies involved , is paid to some 5.2million workers in the form of tax credits and other benefits . campaigners say the figures shine a light on how companies making huge profits are relying on the taxpayer to ensure their staff have enough money to put food on the table . the total amount of benefits paid to staff at some companies exceeds what the firms pay in corporation tax , according to the study by citizens uk . critics have accused supermarkets of relying on benefits to ensure their staff earn enough to put food on the table without them having to raise wages . the charity is campaigning for the adoption of the living wage - £9.15 an hour in london and £7.85 for the rest of the uk - across both the public and private sector . it estimates this would reduce the need for in-work benefits by £6.7bn a year , which would make a massive dent in the £12billion reduction in welfare spending which the conservatives say is necessary . the current minimum wage for those over 21 is £6.50 an hour and will rise to £6.70 in october , but this is well below what the government accepts is needed by many people , particularly those with children , to make ends meet . the charity’s report complains : ‘ the public subsidy enables profitable businesses to get away with paying low wages . ’ its report says tesco , asda and sainsbury’s posted combined profits of £3.9bn last year , but between them cost the taxpayer more than £750m in benefits paid to their staff . tesco paid £519m in tax but received £364m in public subsidy for its 209,000 low-paid workers . asda spent £150m in tax but its 120,000 low-paid workers received £221m in benefits . morrisons’ tax bill was £62m while its 83,000 low-paid workers received £190m in benefits and sainsbury’s paid £180m in tax , almost exactly as much as its low-paid staff received from the public purse . of all the profitable companies examined by the charity , next had the highest average subsidy of £2,087 per head given its high proportion of young employees who are typically paid just above the minimum wage of £6.70 an hour . next is run by the conservative peer , lord wolfson , who came under fire last month for criticising the whole idea of a living wage as an ‘invention’ . next is run by the conservative peer , lord wolfson , who came under fire last month for criticising the whole idea of a living wage as an ‘invention’ . he argued that pushing up wages will block recruitment . ‘ for very many people , the retail sector provides useful income and next has 30 applications for every vacancy . raising wages too fast will simply reduce employment opportunities , ’ he said . other firms who rely on the taxpayer to top up staff wages include amazon , fast food outlets and local authorities , where cleaning and care workers , for example , are already paid by the taxpayer . paul regan , chairman of citizens uk , said : ‘ the major retailers post profits and pay tax , but the treasury has to step in and often pays out more than it gets in to help those workers for whom work does not pay . ’ he called on the next government to show leadership ‘ by implementing the living wage into all public sector commissioning’ . the rev karen rooms , area dean for nottingham south and member of the citizens uk council , said : ‘ the figures revealed by this research are shocking , as the true scale of the subsidy of big business becomes clear . ‘ the huge profits made by some of these high street names are made off the back of poverty-wages . in some instances the amount of tax they pay doesn’t even cover the wage top-ups we all have to chip-in and help with through the treasury . ‘ at a time of austerity when all sectors of society have to make savings it seems obscene that big business isn’t playing its part to help the country recover . ’ all of the main political parties support the living wage . last week , david cameron said businesses that can afford to pay it ‘ should consider doing so’ . boris johnson , the london mayor , said it was ‘madness’ that large employers paid chief executives huge salaries while their lowest-paid workers were subsidised by the taxpayer . labour has made demands for employers to pay the living wage a major plank of its election strategy . however , the former labour cabinet minister alan milburn , chairman of the social mobility and child poverty commission , said it could take 10 years to make the living wage a reality . he said : ‘ employers will have to pay more but wages can not rise without improved productivity and more skills training . we will need a 10-year transition period to become a living wage country . ’ charles cotton , of the chartered institute of personnel and development , warned wage rises will hit employment , saying : ‘ if employees weren’t getting subsidies , would firms employ as many people or would they cut back ? ’ supermarkets said they paid above the minimum wage of £6.50 an hour for those aged over 21 , regularly reviewed pay and gave employees benefits such as staff discounts . asda , which is part of the us retail goliath walmart , said pay and benefits ‘ should be considered in the round’ . in the usa , it is estimated that walmart’s low-wage workers cost u.s. taxpayers an estimated $ 6.2 billion ( £4.2bn ) in public assistance including food stamps , medicaid and subsidised housing . morrisons said discounts and profit-sharing took the pay of many over the living wage . sainsbury’s said it offered employees a discount card , annual bonus and paid breaks . tesco said it paid , on average , 4-7per cent more than major competitors and had contributed £1.5bn in tax through business rates , employer national insurance and corporation tax in 2014 . the british retail consortium said pay and benefits packages equated to an average of about £8.40 an hour and the industry had paid £19.5bn in ‘ core business taxes’ last year . asda , which is part of the us retail goliath walmart , said pay and benefits ‘ should be considered in the round’ . 