the tv channel e4 will shut down for 12 hours on the day of the general election to encourage more youngsters to vote . cult us sitcoms like the big bang theory and how i met your mother will be taken off air for 12 hours – with viewers tuning in on 7 may shown instead an advert telling people to go to the polls . the specially-produced advert will be played , featuring ' darren ' – the man fictionally in charge of keeping e4 on air , sitting in the channel 's control room . scroll down for video . a specially-produced advert will be played on e4 on may 7 featuring ' darren ' – the man fictionally in charge of keeping the programme on air . the radical move could have a significant impact on the election with the advert set to be seen by millions of potential voters . e4 is the most popular channel for younger viewers , reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds every month – ahead of bbc2 and channel 5 . its regular schedule will be suspended from 7am , when polls open , to 7pm , three hours before polling closes , when the channel will return to normal with hollyoaks . dan brooke , channel 4 's chief marketing officer said : ' less than half of under-25s voted at the last election so we 've engaged the most powerful weapon that we have at our disposal to try and boost that number - switching off their favourite tv channel for the day . ' e4 's sister station channel 4 will also run a special advertising campaign encouraging youngsters to vote . voters aged between 18-24 and 25-34 are by far the least likely to take part in elections , prompting fears that politicians have given up trying to appeal to their concerns . the adverts will ask viewers : ' how many times have you missed life-changing events because you wanted to watch your favourite show ? ' may 7 is election day and darren is going to turn e4 off so you might as well go and vote . you wo n't forget will you darren ? ' but viewers will only be able to take advantage of the tv switch-off if they have already registered to vote – with the deadline having already passed . meanwhile , channel 4 will present an ' alternative ' to the election night coverage on the bbc and itv , with a programme co-anchored by jeremy paxman and comedian david mitchell . paxman , who left bbc two 's newsnight last june , said : ' elections matter . but that does n't mean the coverage has to be dull . i hope there 'll be room for both insight and laughter . ' the election-day shut down on e4 will see programmes including ' how i met your mother ' ( pictured ) taken off air for 12 hours . fans of the us sitcom the big bang theory will also be hit by the e4 decision to switch off its coverage between 7am and 7pm . mitchell added : ' our aim is to keep people watching much later than they intended and we will be judged by the dip in the nation 's productivity on friday 8 may . ' the show will also include special election-themed episodes of gogglebox and the last leg . the bbc 's coverage of the election will be anchored by david dimbleby , while tom bradby presides over itv 's election show and adam boulton anchors sky 's coverage .