clearly baffled and obviously just the tiniest bit irked , alan stubbs simply didn’t know what to make of peter houston . or , more accurately , the falkirk manager’s sudden escalation of post-match comments into an all-out conflict . back-track or snap right back at him ? stress the good intentions and best wishes he feels towards falkirk , or defend his team against the insinuation that they’re a bunch of weak-willed tippy-tap merchants who can’t defend crosses ? in the space of 10 minutes on monday , the hibs boss did placatory – ‘ i have a lot of respect for peter and what he’s done’ – and followed it with accusatory , as in ‘ i think you need to ask peter what he said when he came into my office after we got beat 1-0 in the first game ; it certainly was not what he said in the press ( on saturday ) . ’ hibernian manager alan stubbs did not know what to make of peter houston 's recent post-match comments . however you choose to interpret everything stubbs said both on saturday *and* after reading houston’s sharp response , a lot of people will be watching their next meeting – falkirk host hibs on the last day of the championship season , inevitably enough – for signs of enmity . ‘it’s funny the way football works , ’ said the hibs manager , looking ahead to that crucial fixture on saturday week . ‘ people will make something of it and what has happened . but , for someone who is so inexperienced , i am not soft . ‘ my comments are never made to disrespect people . i honestly thought , with our performance , that we played well enough to be in the final . i don’t see anything that is wrong with that . ‘ everyone in the press conference room after felt we played well but listen , the facts of the matter are that we’re not in the final . what happened as well , everyone in that press conference witnessed me saying good luck to falkirk , i didn’t see that come out . ‘ i wished falkirk all the best and good luck in the final but peter’s made his comments . he’s a really experienced manager , one that i respect and i’ll take his comments on board about how he scores against us . i’m obviously learning , this is my first season but i’m not doing too bad . ‘ a lack of respect ? not at all , it was my honest opinion that i felt we had done enough in the game to get into the final . i don’t think anyone would deny that or say i was talking gibberish . ‘ our goals-for is the third best in the table , our goals-against is the second best in the table . we have a goal difference that is 27 better than falkirk’s . when you put that up against a real experienced manager and me being a novice , then i’m doing okay . ’ stubbs and falkirk manager peter houston shake hands before the match at hampden park . you see ? amid the attempts to play down any ill will , stubbs can’t help himself . houston’s jibe about his falkirk team scoring all of their goals against hibs from crosses clearly struck a nerve . does he have a point ? ‘ i need to be careful what i say here , ’ said stubbs , who takes his team to livingston for yet another crucial championship game tomorrow night . ‘ i think we all concede goals from crosses . i think if peter looks at his own team here , they have conceded a lot of goals from crosses as well . ‘ whether it is crosses or open play , that’s football . you score goals in different ways . we have scored more than most this season and i won’t change . but i will take his comments on board . ‘ it is up to peter if he wants to state that . i did not say anything about peter’s team . it’s up to peter . ‘ our relationship in general has been very good . i don’t see why it should change . we are emotional . you say things after games in the heat of the moment , more so now with the press and tv , when you have a microphone stuck under you straightaway . the falkirk players celebrate taking the lead against hibernian in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park . ‘ i won’t change . i still have a lot of respect for peter and what he has done . he has done a really good job at falkirk , so no complaints . i don’t think i have said anything different to what most manager say every weekend . ’ despite scoring 60 league goals in 33 games , there have been a number of days when hibs have felt profligate . forever wanting to walk the ball in , as their critics would put it , rather than simply having a dig . insisting he has no concerns despite saturday’s loss , stubbs said : ‘ when you play like that , more often than not you are going to win games of football . you don’t rely on a bit of luck because you are performing well . ‘ i will take the team playing like that every day of the week because i know they will win games of football . on saturday it just was not to be , that’s cup football . sometimes it goes in your favour , sometimes it doesn’t . saturday was one of those times when it didn’t go in our favour . ‘ on saturday , i felt momentum building . scott allan was top drawer for a period in the second half . he nearly won it by himself . that is why we are disappointed , players like that , you’d like to see them in showcase finals , to show their talents . but it was not to be . they will have another opportunity . ’