the next stage of evolution may well be upon us after a monkey unscrewed the lid of a water bottle and took a drink . filmed on a hot day in bali , indonesia the video , shot by australian tourist dirk nienaber , shows a monkey interacting with a tour guide , who squirts water at the primate from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down . as the monkey continues to approach , the man throws the bottle over to it and scarpers with a smirk – as if aware of what the monkey may do next . the monkey interactes with a tour guide , who squirts water at it from a hole in a water bottle in a bid to cool it down . with bottle in hand , the monkey takes its time before attempting to quench its thirst . shaking its head , it flicks the water from itself and , rather like a human would , lifts a finger to its face to wipe the residue from its eye . it then stands the bottle up on its side and while supporting it with its right hand , casually unscrews the cap with its left – all the while it stares nonchalantly at the camera . the monkey recieves the bottle and holds it in its hands before attempting to quench its thirst . a bystanders gasps as the monkey casually unscrews the cap with its hand and throws it to one side . a bystanders gasps and says : ‘ he knows how to open the cap , ’ as the monkey chucks it to the side and lifts the bottle to its mouth . tilting its head back , the primate then begins gulping down the liquid – remarkably spilling very little , although some water is visible dripping down its face . stopping for a break , the monkey casually holds the bottle in its right hand while posing for the camera . the monkey tilts its head back and begins gulping down the water , spilling very little of the liquid on its face . before gently wiping its mouth and having another drink of water . the video later pans out slightly to show a number of people standing around watching in awe of the monkey . and concludes with satisfied primate placing the bottle in its mouth and heading off away from the crowd . the monkey stops to take a break , wipes its face and then has another drink before running off with the bottle .