finding discounted flights tends to be hit or miss for most vacationers , but one savvy traveler has managed to plan out an entire two-month trip that will barely cost him a cent . scott keyes , a 28-year-old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights , stopping by 13 countries along the way in europe and south and north america while enjoying first class service . all this for free . scroll down for video . scott keyes ( above ) , a 28-year-old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights . along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in europe and south and north america . dayton , ohio - dallas , fort worth - 861 miles . dallas , forth worth - mexico city - 935 miles . oaxaca , mexico - mexico city - 228 miles . mexico city - managua , nicaragua - 994 miles . managua - panama city - 507 miles . panama city - port of spain , trinidad - 1234 miles . port of spain - st lucia 217 miles . st lucia - st george 's , grenada - 131 miles . st george 's - miami - 1535 miles . miami - dusseldorf , germany , 4733 miles . dusseldorf - dresden , germany , 304 miles . prague , czech rep - vienna , austria , 173 miles . vienna - kiev , ukraine , 665 miles . lvov , ukraine - vienna , 356 miles . vienna - sofia , bulgaria , 500 miles . sofia - vienna , 500 miles . vienna - vilnius , lithuania , 587 miles . vilnius - helsinki , finland , 393 miles . helsinki - berlin , germany , 697 miles . berlin - chicago , 4412 miles . chicago - dayton , 240 miles . total : 20205 miles . keyes decided to plan his trip when he realized he had some free time between his departure from oaxaca , mexico , where he has lived for the past year , to return home to the united states and get back to full time work . so he rounded up all his airline miles , and the points he had acquired on his 25 credit cards . in the end , he was able to book a vacation with stops in mexico , nicaragua , trinidad , st. lucia , grenada , germany , czech republic , ukraine , bulgaria , greece , macedonia , lithuania , and finland without having to pay more than a few dollars on any of the flights . he will also be in the united states a few times , but just to catch connection flights . in the end he spent somewhere between 10 and 15 hours putting the entire trip together , which also includes free hotels , at a cost of 136,500 frequent flyer miles . 'it’s tough when you have a job and you have to ask your boss for time off , ' keyes told business insider . ' you only have a limited time off and then you spend a lot of that traveling . i figured while i’m in a position where i don’t have a 9-to-5 , i might as well take advantage . ' in fact , keyes is such a pro at travelling on the extremely cheap that he even wrote two ebooks detailing his strategies : how to fly for free and how to find free flights . and the easiest way is a bit more obvious than many might think . ' if your ultimate goal is to be able to find as cheap a flight as possible and go somewhere cool for not much money then starting with an open , blank slate and going wherever there’s a cheap flight right now is going to be your best bet , ' said keyes . the young man posts photos from his trips on his instagram account . keyes is seen posing in front of the famed materhorn on a previous trip , which straddles the border of switzerland and italy . striking up a pose : keyes at a mexican wrestling match ( left ) and enjoying a hike ( right ) . keyes poses while rafting down sumidero canyon which is located near the city of chiapa de corzo in mexico . wading into the waters of hierve el agua in oaxaca , mexico , rock formations and the remnants of old geysers . this strategy has certainly worked for the young man as he has logged an impressive 354,000 miles in the sky while visiting 30 countries over the course of his lifetime . this next trip will increase that number to 42 countries . ' just gon na go to the market for a pig 's head ' : keyes at a mexican butcher shop ( left ) and camping on the beach ( right ) in hawaii . those credit cards meanwhile come in handy during those long layovers thanks to the access they provide to private lounges were travelers like keyes can enjoy free food and drinks , hop online and even grab a quick shower . 'i’ve got a nice work space , food , drinks , some wi-fi . this is like this whole other world , ' said keyes during a layover in dallas , texas as he sat in the american express lounge . even better , keyes explains that the more you look for discounts , the better you become a finding and anticipating airline deals . 'it’s not necessarily easy or intuitive for beginners , ' he said . ' but the good news is that because if you do a little bit of leg work — learn how to get a few miles and how to use them well — you can start to travel really , really well . '