lesean mccoy 's acrimony with chip kelly continues to rumble on , with the buffalo bills running back taking another swipe at the eagles head coach . mccoy was shipped to the bills in exchange for linebacker kiko alonso and says kelly 's team has a college feel and that he does n't like star talent . ' i don’t think he likes or respects the stars . i’m being honest . i think he likes the fact that it’s `` chip kelly and the eagles '' , ' he told the philadephia enquirer . lesean mccoy warms up as he takes part in a voluntary offseason conditioning session with the bills . mccoy clearly has a chip on his shoulder about the trade , but slated philadelphia 's ' college feel ' . ' it was `` desean jackson – a high-flying , take-off-the-top-of-the-defense receiver '' . or `` the quick , elusive lesean mccoy '' . i don’t think [ kelly ] likes that . ' since arriving at rex ryan 's bills last month , mccoy says he 's already at ease with his surroundings before launching another swipe at kelly . ' here is more of a nfl type of feel , ' mccoy told nfl 's total access . ' being with coach [ andy ] reid for so long ... you get used to that . a player 's coach . an nfl type of atmosphere in the locker room and around the facility . and for two years in philly it was n't like that as much . not in a negative way , but it was different . it was more like a college feel . ' mccoy ran for 1,000 yards in four of six seasons with the eagles and still spoke of his surprise at the move . ' now you put my numbers up . you put my [ numbers ] up and you’ll see it . it tells you it . in any system – andy [ reid ] or chip . so i’m not going to go there , back and forth with that . i just feel like the only thing i didn’t like was the respect . for so many years i gave you all what you wanted . you know ? and then for how it went down , it was like a surprise . i’m thinking , `` does everybody look at it how i look at it ? '' . ' as well as their trip to wembley this year to face the jaguars , buffalo also travel to philadelphia in what already promises to be something of a grudge match . 