paul gambaccini blamed the presenters ' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings . it has been a staple of sunday night listening for almost 50 years – but now radio 1 's chart show has been branded a ' banal failure ' by one of the most respected voices in broadcasting . veteran presenter paul gambaccini has blasted the bbc for destroying the top 40 show by employing ' ignorant ' djs who are more interested in giving vacuous opinions than playing the records . gambaccini , a respected rock historian , blamed the presenters ' obsession with discussing the sex appeal of pop stars for a slump in ratings . the 66-year-old said : ' it is no wonder the chart show is a complete failure because it has not accomplished what it was set out to be . it is the news of popular music and , if it is to have any integrity , it should be an objective show . you would n't expect huw edwards to give his opinion on the news he is reading or to suddenly say ' is n't hillary clinton fit ? ' the chart show has become an extension of its presenter 's personality rather than an objective programme . ' gambaccini , a former radio 1 dj himself , said he was particularly annoyed about last week 's show when host clara amfo appeared to dismiss superstar paul simon , who had just topped the album charts at the age of 73 . the 29-year-old made a passing reference to the star 's no 1 album , the ultimate collection , before telling listeners to ' ask your dad ' . gambaccini said : ' to me that is an ignorant attitude . you do n't disrespect the no 1 album , regardless of who it 's by . ' what is the point of saying this is the top 5 and not playing any of them ? that is really stupid . no 1 is no 1 . if you do n't wish to be authoritative any more you might as well stop . do n't pretend you are important when you are not . ' ' paul simon has just sold out the o2 with sting . we are talking about a current major figure in popular music . these are people who will be enjoyed long after our lifetimes as we know and enjoy beethoven . ' the chart show has had a presence on sunday nights in one form or another since the days of alan ' fluff ' freeman when radio 1 launched in 1967 . the current version has seen its audience dwindle from a peak of four million in the early 1980s to about 1.2 million . it will end in july , when the chart rundown will become part of greg james 's friday drivetime show , to reflect changes in the music industry . gambaccini , who recently returned to radio 2 after being cleared over historic sex abuse claims , said : ' i wish greg james well but it will never have the impact being a feature of his programme that it had on a sunday . ' the bbc said : ' the chart show is an entertainment programme and as such our djs present the countdown in a way that is engaging and relevant to our young audience . ' in february , radio 1 was at the centre of another ageism storm after the mail on sunday revealed madonna had been dropped from the playlist . gambaccini , a former radio 1 dj himself , said he was particularly annoyed about last week 's show when host clara amfo ( pictured ) appeared to dismiss superstar paul simon .