anthony trollope , a famous novelist , introduced post boxes to the uk in 1852 after seeing them in france . royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of anthony trollope – the victorian novelist who also introduced post boxes to the uk in the 1850s . the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life , including the first post box design . although famous as a novelist , trollope also made history by introducing post boxes while working for the post office , after seeing them in france . the first boxes were erected in jersey in 1852 as a trial before appearing across mainland britain . they were initially painted green , to blend in with the landscape , but that was later changed to red to make them more visible . the new colour was introduced in 1874 and it took 10 years to repaint all post boxes . red has remained the standard colour for uk boxes with only a few exceptions , one being blue post boxes for overseas mail . there are now 115,300 post boxes in the uk . sue whalley , royal mail 's chief operating officer , said : ' we are delighted to contribute to this year 's bicentenary celebrations of the birth of anthony trollope . ' he is well known as a former post office employee and we have him to thank for introducing pillar boxes to the uk . ' whether in walls , on poles or freestanding , the network of post boxes has grown from trollope 's time to reach around over 115,000 boxes which are now an iconic feature of communities across the uk . ' the stamps honour the first post box in the uk . today there are 115,300 post boxes . red has remained the standard colour for uk boxes with only a few exceptions , one being blue post boxes for overseas mail . a celebration of history : sue whalley , royal mail 's chief operating officer , said : ' we are delighted to contribute to this year 's bicentenary celebrations of the birth of anthony trollope ' . limited edition : royal mail is to issue a set of stamps marking 200 years since the birth of anthony trollope . the sheet of stamps feature images of the novelist and his life , including the first post box design . 