a timewarp home which has remained unchanged since the 1930s is up for sale complete with original features including stained-glass windows , oil-fired central heating and retro jars of popular food . the collector’s paradise in horfield , bristol , which has gone untouched for more than 80 years comes complete with the original bathroom and kitchen , wood-panelled hallway and even the vintage cupboards . with features that were once commonplace but are now considered decidedly old-fashioned , the semi-detached property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000 . the collector’s paradise in horfield , bristol , which has gone untouched for more than 80 years , comes complete with the original bathroom , kitchen , stained-glass windows and even oil-fired central heating - making it a collector 's or antique love 's paradise . it 's a nondescript semi-detached home from the outside but inside it 's a treasure trove with features including beautiful stained glass windows . the house even boasts the original bathroom which was installed when it was built - in a fetching mint green and black colour scheme . the most eye-catching room is the dated bathroom - with its mint and black colour scheme - which comes complete with original tiles , wooden floor , yellow wallpaper and green sink . hoe house 's wood-panelled hall is lit by quirky stained-glass windows , depicting ships in full sail , while the living room 's windows are patterned with coats of arms on the glass . the three-bedroom home also comes with all of the original 1930s cupboards in the kitchen , a brick open-face fire and dated kitchen sink . a high shelf in the hallway holds original tins of produce from yesteryear , including cadbury’s marvel dried milk , tate and lyle sugar and colman’s mustard . while some features have been upgraded - the house is double glazed - david beddoe , director of auction houses bristol and somerset north , believes the potential cost of renovations could put developers off . he believes the house could make a perfect family home for those with a passion for antiques . the historic house will be auctioned on april 30 at the county ground in bristol . a hallway shelf holds original tins of produce from the past including cadbury’s marvel dried milk , tate and lyle sugar and colman’s mustard . the original kitchen appears dated but still has some unusual original features including the cupboards and the glass-panelled door . the three-bedroom home also comes with all the original cupboards in the kitchen , a brick open-face fire and a rather dated kitchen sink . while the wood-panelled hall is lit by stained-glass windows depicting ships the living room comes with various coats of arms in the glass . with once commonplace features ( pictured ) now considered old-fashioned the property has a guide price of between £200,000 and £250,000 . the property is unimposing from the outside - but inside boasts a number of quirky and unusual original features like these bedroom windows . while some features have been upgraded - the house is double glazed - auctioneers worry the cost of renovations could put developers off .