nasa has spotted an exoplanet 13,000 light-years away , making it one of the most distant planets ever found . known as 'ogle-2014-blg-0124lb , ' the gas giant was detected by the spitzer space telescope and the ogle warsaw telescope in chile . the planet is half as massive as jupiter and could help astronomers gain a better understanding of the distribution of planets in the milky way . astronomers have spotted one of the most distant planets ever found . known as 'ogle-2014-blg-0124lb , ' the gas giant was detected by the spitzer space telescope and the ogle warsaw telescope in chile . most of the planets we know about are around 10-100 times closer . the planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing . this happens when one star happens to pass in front of another , and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star 's light . if that foreground star happens to have a planet in orbit around it , the planet might cause a blip in the magnification . astronomers are using these blips to find and characterise planets tens of thousands of light-years away in the central bulge of our galaxy , where star crossings are more common . most of the planets we know about are around 10-100 times closer than ogle-2014-blg-0124 , claims jennifer yee of the harvard-smithsonian center for astrophysics . ' we do n't know if planets are more common in our galaxy 's central bulge or the disk of the galaxy , which is why these observations are so important , ' she added . the discovery demonstrates that spitzer - from its unique perch in space - can be used to help solve the puzzle of how planets are spread out in our galaxy . the planet was discovered using a technique known as microlensing . this happens when one star happens to pass in front of another , and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify and brighten the more distant star 's light . if that foreground star happens to have a planet in orbit around it , the planet might cause a blip in the magnification . astronomers are using these blips to find and characterise planets tens of thousands of light-years away in the central bulge of our galaxy , where star crossings are more common . our sun is located in the suburbs of the galaxy , about two-thirds of the way out from the centre . the microlensing technique as a whole has yielded about 30 planet discoveries so far , with the farthest residing about 25,000 light-years away . ' microlensing experiments are already detecting planets from the solar neighborhood to almost the center of the milky way , ' said co-author andrew gould of the ohio state university , columbus . ' and so they can , in principle , tell us the relative efficiency of planet formation across this huge expanse of our galaxy . ' this infographic explains how the spitzer space telescope can be used in tandem with a telescope on the ground to measure the distances to planets . the planet was dicovered via microlensing which happens when one star passes in front of another , and its gravity acts as a lens to magnify the more distant star 's light . microlensing complements other planet-hunting tools , such as the kepler mission , which has found more than 1,000 planets closer to home . but it faces one key problem : this method ca n't always precisely narrow down the distance to the stars and planets being observed . while a passing star may magnify the light of a more distant star , it rarely can be seen itself , making the task of measuring how far away it is challenging . of the 30 planets discovered with microlensing so far , roughly half can not be pinned down to a precise location . the result is like a planetary treasure map lacking in x 's . that 's where spitzer can help out , thanks to its remote earth-trailing orbit . spitzer circles our sun , and is currently about 128 million miles ( 207 million km ) away from earth . that 's farther from earth than earth is from our sun . when spitzer watches a microlensing event simultaneously with a telescope on earth , it sees the star brighten at a different time , due to the large distance between the two telescopes and their unique vantage points . this technique is generally referred to as parallax . ' spitzer is the first space telescope to make a microlens parallax measurement for a planet , ' said yee . data from the microlensing event is seen here . if the foreground star is circled by a planet , the planet 's gravity can alter the magnification over a shorter period , seen in the plot in the form of spikes and a dip . ' traditional parallax techniques that employ ground-based telescopes are not as effective at such great distances . ' using space telescopes to observe microlensing events is tricky . ground telescopes send out alerts to the astronomy community when an event starts , but the activity can quickly fade , lasting on average about 40 days . in the case of the newfound planet , the duration of the microlensing event happened to be unusually long , about 150 days . both spitzer and ogle 's telescopes detected the telltale planetary blip in the magnification , with spitzer seeing it 20 days earlier . this time delay between viewing of the event by ogle and spitzer was used to calculate the distance to the star and its planet . knowing the distance allowed the scientists also to determine the mass of the planet , which is about half that of jupiter . ' we 've mainly explored our own solar neighborhood so far , ' said sebastiano calchi novati , a visiting sagan fellow at nasa 's exoplanet science institute . ' now we can use these single lenses to do statistics on planets as a whole and learn about their distribution in the galaxy . '