' you 're getting the hang of this commentary lark , ' cooed martin tyler during sky sports coverage of the manchester derby . tyler was , of course , one half of the commentary team that was once seen as being the best of the bunch . that other half back then being his old partner andy gray . nowadays , the man in the gantry alongside him is gary neville . and it was his zinger after united 's fourth goal – ' smalling has scored . it 's a mauling for city ' – that got the veteran lip mic man reaching for the platitudes . and perhaps cementing the new best partnership in the process ? i 'm not sure if neville actually carries his recently won royal television society pundit of the year award around with him ? he could probably just about squeeze the perspex trophy into his inside jacket pocket if he really fancied it , but i doubt he would because i think one thing you could never accuse neville of being is one of the extroverts among the current batch of experts . gary neville in the sky sports studio after co-commentating with martin tyler for the manchester derby . chris smalling is pictured scoring for manchester united as city goalkeeper joe hart sees it go in . united defender smalling was an unlikely goalscorer against city and neville had a zinger to match it . co-commentator neville analysed the goal by saying : ' smalling has scored . it 's a mauling for city ' . nevertheless , on his return to his old stamping ground with that new title attached , it was good to see him to turn it on even just a bit . and put in a performance that fitted both his newly anointed status and the magnitude of the occasion . neville was all over this thrilling derby right from the get go . ' we 've got a proper game of football here , ' he extolled early on , almost licking his lips at the prospect . he was also quick to point out what he saw as the ' graveyard ' of city 's right-hand side as united punished them time and time again along the hosts ' attacking left . the razor-edged corner of tongue was saved not exclusively , but certainly frequently for yaya toure 's performance . time and time again gary found himself talking about the various patches of grass in which he felt yaya should be but very rarely was . and when co-commentator tyler did observe that he could see toure finally picking up his man , neville snorted his retort . ' that 's nice of him . ' he was in equally abrupt mood after the game when he joined niall quinn and graeme souness for what was a really sharp , incisive and no-holds-barred post-match discussion . time and time again neville found himself analysing yaya toure 's poor performance for city . toure could do little for city as they suffered a 4-2 defeat by their great rivals united at old trafford . neville ( right ) and sportsmail 's jamie carragher form a dynamic monday night football duo . here toure carried on getting it from gary - who referred to the ' dereliction of duty ' in his performance before adding that yaya 's recent form was : ' not a conundrum anymore . he can not do his job . simple as that . ' what 's more , he was equally gobsmacked by yaya 's team-mates ' lack of urgency when aguero scored a late second . ' i ca n't quite work out whether to get a little bit wound up by this ? i 'm looking at their reaction . is that right ? ' he asked . however , let 's not assume this criticism is all because gary is simply red . on discussing city 's immediate financial fair play-affected future , he made it quite clear where he stands . ' i 'm a manchester united fan , ' he pointed out , pointlessly . ' but the last thing i want to see is manchester city dip back down again to the second or third division because they ca n't challenge because there 's some restrictive rule in place . ' we do n't want a real madrid-barcelona . we want competition . ' neville was damning in his analysis of city and freely admits he is a united fan after his years of service . neville was gobsmacked by the city players ' lack of urgency when sergio aguero ( above ) scored a second . this turned out to be not only the right moment , but also the right kind of game to make that point . early in the coverage , host ed chamberlain told us ' the eyes of the football world ' were watching . over shots of a touchline teeming with camera crews , he went on to inform us there were '22 broadcasters here ' and that the game was ' being beamed to over 100 . ' sky sports then went on to present those broadcasters with exemplary game coverage coupled with some lovely vignettes of the occasion . as well as a close up of the deep set , brooding eyes of manuel pellegrini that may haunt me for a fortnight . all in all , it was great coverage of a great game in a genuinely great league . as confirmed by a ton of countries , and manchester 's own gary neville .