an 800lb woman , whose weight spiraled out of control after she was kidnapped by an ex-boyfriend and held hostage , finally stood up for the first time after years of being bound to her bed and taken care of by her three daughters . when viewers first met marla mccants , from nashville , tennessee , on last night 's season finale of my 600lb life , doctors determined that she was only months - maybe even weeks - from dying . and even after a lengthy hospital stay and gastric bypass surgery , the 43-year-old still refused to let medical professionals help her stand up – and , in doing so , save her life . marla 's recovery seemed like a hopeless cause until it dawned on the mother-of-three that this was her last shot . if she did n't get up , she would spend the rest of her very short life bedridden . scroll down for video . life changing : marla mccants , who weighed 800lbs , can be seen standing for the first time in years on the season finale of my 600lb life . catching her breath : the 43-year-old took a moment to rest after getting herself out of bed . marla and her daughter sierra moved to houston , texas , so she could she could work with weight loss expert dr younan nowzaradan , but following her surgery and a lengthy stay in the hospital , she was discharged because of her lack of cooperation . the surgeon had all but given up on marla until he received an impassioned call from sierra , begging him to come to her apartment and convince her mom to get up once and for all . dr nowzaradan made the house call and requested emergency medical technicians come to the apartment to help marla stand for the first time in years . with the help of a walker , the emts and dr nowzaradan 's support , marla was able to stand for a few seconds . and , although brief , this short moment gave her enough confidence to try and stand again , essentially changing the direction of her recovery for the better . stuck : the mother-of-three relied on her daughters to take care of her . she can be seen rolling over , so her daughter adele could bathe her while she laid in bed . last stand : adele tearfully explained she feared her mother would die if she did n't get help . before she moved to houston , marla depended on her three daughters , britney , adele and sierra , for everything . ' i have no life , ' she told the cameras . ' my legs ca n't even hold my weight anymore . ' her children had no choice but to clean her and take care of her . ‘ i 'm 24 and i have to take care of my mom . i wipe her , bathe her , make sure she 's clean . and i do get tired , ' adele explained with frustration . marla noted that ' it 's embarrassing ' , but added she has no other choice because of her mother’s massive size . because of her morbid obesity , marla suffered from arthritis , gout , swelling in her joints and diabetes , in addition to being bed ridden and in constant pain . junk food addict : marla can be seen looking at the junk food adele had brought for her to eat . making dinner : marla , who was unable to get out of bed , had a table brought to her so she could fry some chicken . she explained that she never had problems with her weight when she was a child , but her eating got out of control after she tried to break up with her boyfriend who ' lost it ' and proceeded to kidnap her , hold her at gunpoint and even shot two officers who tried to rescue her before she escaped . after the ordeal , marla refused to leave her house because she was living in constant fear that he would find her and kill her . she soon turned to food for comfort , and by the time her ex-boyfriend was caught , it was too late . she already weighed 700lbs . ' the kidnapping changed my life forever , and i wish i could take that day back , ' she said . but allowing herself to indulge in endless bad eating habits for years , marla admitted that she was terrified that her daughters were going to find her dead in bed one day , so she made the decision to travel to houston to seek dr nowzaradan’s help . bad choices : she can be see frying the chicken in boiling vegetable oil at her bedside . extra calories : after making her meal , marla covered her fried chicken tenders in french dressing before eating them . emotional eating : marla explained that she turned to food for comfort after her ex-boyfriend kidnapped her and held her hostage when she was in her early 20s . because she was unable to get out of bed , she had to call an ambulance to transport her to her daughter 's car where she sat for the entire 13 hour drive . and the trip almost killed her . a blood clot that had formed in her leg after years of not moving dislodged during the trip and traveled to her lung . by the time she got to the hospital in houston , her health was rapidly declining . ' she is in the worst condition health wise that i have ever seen , ' dr nowzaradan said , noting that she should have never traveled to houston at her size . in pain : marla was filled with pain after a blood clot dislodged in her leg and traveled to her lung during her trip to houston , texas to see dr nowzaradan . heavy lifting : a group of hospital members worked together to life marla into bed . ' i am not [ as ] worried about weight loss surgery as [ i am about ] making sure she will survive the next 24 hours , ' he said . ' this is [ a ] very dangerous situation . she is at the end of her life if we ca n't do anything . ' after dr nowzaradan put a filter in her leg to prevent any more blood clots from forming , marla recovered and was put on a 1,000-calories-per-day diet while she was living in the hospital . in an attempt to make painfully clear to marla the extent of her condition , the doctor explained that when she was living in nashville she was ' months or even weeks from death ' . but despite the danger of developing another blood clot , marla refused to try and stand or move her legs . sierra , who gave up her life to move with her mom to houston , scolded her for sending her physical therapists away , but marla maintained that everyone was pushing her too hard . preventative measures : dr nowzaradan can be seen putting a filter in marla 's leg to prevent more blood clots from forming and traveling to her lungs . second chance : as a last resort , he would later perform gastric bypass surgery on marla in the hope of saving her life . ' you need to work on your attitude , ' sierra told her with frustration . dr nowzaradan explained that ' marla has convinced herself that she can not walk , but the reality is that she does n't want to walk ' . when marla was pressured to try and stand , she started screaming in pain and begged to be pushed back on the bed . ‘ if marla wo n't get up , we ca n't treat her , ' dr nowzaradan said . ' this is a life or death situation . she is going to die . ' despite her massive size , dr nowzaradan opted to perform weight loss surgery a few months later because there was no other way to help her . new foods : marla can be seen eating healthier options while she maintained a 1,000-calories-per-day diet during her hospital stay . doctors orders : marla 's daughter sierra grew frustrated with her because she refused to try and get up . not confident : marla continued to make excuses for why she was unable to attempt to get out of bed . following the gastric bypass , marla was once again at risk of developing blood clots , but she continued to rely on a physical therapist to move her legs for her . a frustrated dr nowzaradan yelled at her for giving the hospital staff and her daughter ' attitude ' when they were trying to help her . without her cooperation , he had no choice but to discharge her from the hospital . because she was still unable to fend for herself , marla decided to move in with sierra in houston , but insisted that she didn’t need the help of her doctors in order to get better . ' i can make healthy choices on my own , ' she said . ' i can do this better . ' but marla still wasn’t making any progress , especially when it came to working her muscles . ' you 've been sitting here for eight weeks ! ' sierra yelled at her mom before making a desperate call to dr nowzaradan . major victory : marla can be seen standing on the scale for the first time in five years . all smiles : marla was happy to learn that lost an estimated 266lbs since she started her journey a year ago . it was his visit and support that changed marla 's life . ' getting up and standing was one of the most encouraging things i 've done and now i do n't want to stop , ' marla told the cameras after she lifted herself out of bed for the first time in years . a year after she started her journey , marla was able to stand on a scale for the first time in five years , clocking in at 534lbs . her estimated weight loss was 266lbs , and marla noted that she was ' so proud ' of herself . ' it took me a while to get here , but now nothing is going to stop me , ' she said .