with just over a week to go until the duchess of cambridge hits her due date , preparations for the new arrival at her norfolk home , dubbed ' fortress anmer ' , have been heating up . carole middleton , the new arrival 's grandmother , has become a permanent fixture at the country home , while in the nursery , nanny maria teresa turrion borrallo is preparing to welcome a second charge . but while much of the effort has focused on prince george and making sure he does n't feel left out , more still has gone in to giving the nursery a makeover . scroll down for video . preparation : the birth of prince george 's new brother or sister is expected to happen later this week . overseen by mrs middleton , both the anmer nursery and the one at kensington palace , have been given a beatrix potter theme . fittings for both are thought have come from luxury children 's furniture emporium , dragons of knightsbridge , where moses baskets start at £75 . but in a curious twist , it is understood that kate had several pots of pink paint delivered to anmer hall from the annie sloane store a couple of weeks ago . in a move certain to invite further speculation over the sex of the baby , among colours chosen was henrietta , which is described as a ' beautiful rich complex pink with a hint of lilac . ' another was antoinette , a ' soft pale pink with a hint of brown ' that is redolent of 'old-fashioned roses and the colour of old plaster ' and the third , emile , a ' warm soft aubergine colour with pink and red undertones ' . home : the new baby will spend its first few weeks at his or her parents ' norfolk home , anmer hall . london pad : the new arrival will also have the run of a second nursery at kensington palace . each pot comes with a price tag fit for a royal , with just one litre of the paint costing £18.95 . kensington palace refused to comment on the story saying that they could neither ' confirm ' nor ' deny ' that the couple had plans to paint the nursery . echoing the palace 's line , a spokesman for annie sloan said the company could not ‘ confirm or deny’ that it had supplied paints to anmer hall . nonetheless , a pink nursery appears more likely than the african-themed one hinted at by prince william in an interview with cnn . ' i 'll have toy elephants and rhinos around the room , ' he joked . ' we 'll cover it in lots of bushes and things like that , make him grow up as if he 's in the bush . ' boy or girl ? kate 's pink coat and pink paints have fuelled speculation over the new baby 's sex . compelling : annie sloan has supplied three feminine paint samples to anmer hall . whatever the nursery 's eventual colour , more work still has gone in to turning anmer hall into a secluded property where prince george - and his new sibling - can enjoy a relatively normal childhood . the refurbishment , which has taken two years and cost £1.5 million , has seen new security features added to the ten bedroom property which also has a swimming pool , tennis court and extensive grounds . as part of the costly renovations – which also included installing a new roof , a state-of-the-art kitchen and a conservatory – william had the driveway to the property , which used to belong to his close friends the van cutsem family , rerouted so that anyone accessing the property is shielded by trees . more money has been spent on filling the royal nursery and with both william and kate known to have traditional tastes , it 's safe to say that that extends to the toy box . prince george has been cutting his teeth on old-fashioned wooden toys , while his reading material includes the curious george books - the first of which was published in the 1950s . toys for the new baby will be no exception and are likely to have a homespun wholesome feel much like this £34 anne-claire petit crochet lamb music box . prepared : the duke and duchess of cambridge also have plenty of pieces left over from prince george . traditional : the duke and duchess of cambridge have traditional tastes and prefer old-fashioned toys . one for george : the couple were presented with a dorothy and theodore box when george was born . tally ho ! both royal children are likely to start riding as soon as they are big enough , much like the queen . kate , who has made no secret of her liking for traditional fittings such as moses baskets , is also likely to follow suit when it comes to toy boxes . indeed , the couple already own one , having been gifted a £360 dorothy and theodore toy box by 10 downing street following prince george 's birth . another dorothy and theodore piece likely to feature in the royal nursery is the company 's £550 rosewood rocking horse . william is a keen horseman and both prince george and the new baby will have no shortage of steeds to choose from when they get a bit bigger . indeed , the royal baby 's great-grandmother , the queen , has been riding since the age of four when she was presented with a shetland pony named peggy . 