the owners of an oregon goldmine have called in gun-toting right-wing militiamen amid a bitter land use dispute with the u.s. government . tensions have remained high at the sugar pine mine near medford after the facility was served with a federal stop-work order . the owners summoned armed guards from the conservative oath keepers activist network ahead of a major protest outside local offices of the bureau of land management yesterday . together : three oath keepers are seen armed wednesday defending the mine . protests : a sugar pine miner supporter holds a anti-blm sign at a rally outside the bureau of land management 's offices in medford on thursday . ready to go : a member of the oath keepers is seen at the sugar pine mine on wednesday . co-owner rick barclay acted after receiving a stop-work order last month when officials said they found equipment on site indicating operations inconsistent with standard mine development requirements . the miners have since appealed the order and spokesman , kerby jackson , confirmed paperwork had been filed to keep officials from ' burning or breaking anything ' on the property - but gave no more details . the owners insist they want to avoid a high profile stand-off while blm officials say they want to resolve the dispute peacefully . owners : sugar pine mine co-owners george backes ( l ) and rick barclay talk about their mining operation outside grants pass , oregon april 21 , 2015 . guards : members of the oath keepers provide security at the sugar pine mine outside grants pass , oregon april 22 , 2015 . looking out : a close up shows the hat of a member of the oath keepers providing security at the sugar pine mine outside grants pass on wednesday . on watch : members of the oath keepers sit by a campfire as they provide security oregon april 22 , 2015 . sugar pine mine co-owners george backes ( l ) and rick barclay talk about their mining operation outside grants pass , oregon april 21 , 2015 . opening : oath keeper joseph rice stands at the entrance of the sugar pine mine tuesday . sugar pine miner supporters set up signs outside the bureau of land management 's offices thursday . but armed oath keeper activists have maintained a constant presence around the mine in recent days . according to the mail tribune , miners feared the blm would destroy some of their cabin and equipment before they could appear in court for the appeal hearing . ' we appreciate and share the mining claimants’ interest in peacefully resolving the matter through the normal regulatory and administrative processes that are in place for such matter , ' bureau of land management spokesman tom gorey said in a statement , confirming the appeal had been received . miners and supporters , some flocking from other states , gathered on thursday at oregon blm offices . gathered : a meal is prepared in a camp as the oath keepers provide security at the sugar pine mine outside grants pass , oregon april 22 , 2015 . speech : joseph rice of the oath keepers ( c ) listens as sugar pine mine owners george backes ( c ) and rick barclay ( r ) address supporters at a rally outside the bureau of land management 's offices in medford , oregon april 23 , 2015 . protest : joseph rice of the oath keepers ( r ) holds a copy of the u.s. constitution while speaking alongside sugar pine mine owners george backes ( l ) and rick barclay ( c ) . at issue is a dispute over mine ownership records , oregon blm spokesman jim whittington said . the owners argue they have exclusive surface rights and need not follow federal regulations . but whittington said while the owners have mining rights , the surface rights were ceded to the blm in 1961 by the then-owners . the miners say they want to avoid a standoff like last year 's fight between nevada rancher cliven bundy and the federal government in which the blm sought to seize cattle because bundy refused to pay grazing fees . federal agents ultimately backed down . gear : an oath keeper is seen with a vest that reads ' us patriot ' on wednesday . lookout : miners and supporters , some flocking from other states , would gather on thursday at oregon blm offices , according to the conservative oath keepers activist network . oath keepers are seen wednesay . at issue is a dispute over mine ownership records , oregon blm spokesman jim whittington said . the owners argue they have exclusive surface rights and need not follow federal regulations . the miners say they want to avoid a standoff like last year 's fight between nevada rancher cliven bundy and the federal government in which the blm sought to seize cattle because bundy refused to pay grazing fees . officials closed blm offices in medford and nearby grants pass to the public on thursday ahead of the protest . the blm said it had also told employees to avoid the mine because of the armed activists . ' the safety of our employees and the public continues to be our top priority , ' gorey said , urging demonstrators to remain peaceful . oath keepers spokeswoman mary emerick said more supporters were en route to fill jobs for a long-haul protest , from security to cooking . cliven bundy 's son , ammon , said two family representatives had traveled to oregon , and the family was monitoring the situation .