while teenagers continue to post often-horrifying photos of the unpleasant side effects they’ve experienced after using a lip suction cup to give their lips a kylie jenner-esque boost , one male beauty blogger took steps to look even more like the 17-year-old reality star in a new video tutorial . rolly robinson , from the blog beauty high , stars in theunique makeover clip , which sees him transform himself into a kylie jenner lookalike with the help of various make-up products and - of course - the infamous lip suction cup . to make himself over as ' america 's sweetheart ' , rolly first had to shave his mustache - and then he got to work using an impressive array of cosmetics to help him copy the appearance of the youngest member of the kardashian clan . scroll down for video . just like jenner : beauty high 's rolly robinson , left , transforms into kylie jenner , right , in a new makeup video tutorial . pre-pout-puffer : rolly did a remarkable job turning himself into a kylie lookalike ; before makeup , the editorial designer had normal lips , no cleavage , and a mustache . ' i decided to start the base off really light and build on top of it as i move along , ' he says while starting to apply make-up to his face , rubbing color onto his cheeks . the editorial designer advises that viewers use a cosmetic sponge like one by beauty blender for a natural , seamless look . ' when contouring your nose , you want to make sure you really refine those edges so it does n't look super duper sharp , ' he continues while layering on highlighters and bronzers to create a slimming effect favored by almost all of the kardashian sisters . ' you want to make sure nose looks as smooth and natural as possible . ' rolly also uses contouring on his chest , shading in circular motions to create the appearance of cleavage . keeping up with cosmetics : the ' makeover guru ' started off by applying a light base coat of make-up to even out his skin before contouring his face with darker and lighter pigments . tricky beauty tools : rolly used the controversial fullips plumping suction cup , which teens around the country have been trying with some disastrous results - many of which are posted on social media . moving onto the eyes , rolly says : ' when putting on your [ false lashes ] , make sure that you bend the lashes before you apply the glue . that way , it has the shape of the curve of your eye . and then when you place it , you just lightly press and hold . ' he then uses a white eye pencil on his waterline , the sliver of skin between the eye and the lower lashes , which is a trick that he says will ' widen your eyes ' . finally , for kylie 's famous pouty lips , rolly uses the controversial fullips lip suction cup on his mouth for fifteen minutes in order to make his lips swell up and give the impression of a fuller pout . and while his use of the product successfully resulted in slightly plumper lips , teens across the country have been trying similar methods to make their lips look as big as kylie 's with disastrous results ; many have experienced less favorable outcomes , with their lips swelling much more than they intended , while others , who have chosen to use other tools such as shot glasses , have cause permanent damage to their lips after accidentally shattering the glass around their mouths . practically twins : after applying makeup and using the lip suction cup for fifteen minutes , rolly , right , does a pretty good impression of 17-year-old kylie , left . social media makeover : the ultimate finish touch , rolly puckered his pout and posed for a selfie a la kylie at the end of the video . in fact , kylie herself responded to the suction cup craze , writing on twitter : ' i 'm not here to try & encourage people/young girls to look like me or to think this is the way they should look . [ sic ] ' lucky for rolly , the beauty expert seems to have mastered the fullips device . once his lips were plump , he overdrew them with a lip pencil like kylie does , as extending the lip line creates a further illusion of fullness . while rolly 's edited video in less than three minutes long , the star herself recently revealed that her own beauty routine can last hours . ' a good night out is , like , two and a half hours for full makeup , curling hair , whatever , ' kylie told teen vogue . ' i 'm never going to spend just 20 minutes , you know ? '