a female ceo from texas is under fire this week for saying that a woman can not be president because of her ' hormones . ' cheryl rios , who runs the company go ape marketing , posted her views on her facebook page on sunday after hillary clinton announced that she was going to run for president . ' with the hormones we have , there is no way [ a woman ] should be able to start a war , ' she wrote in her post . scroll down for video . women have hormones : cheyrl rios does n't think a woman can be president because she has female ' hormones ' that would get in the way of her being able to start a war . leading lady : democratic presidential hopeful and former us secretary of state , hillary clinton , pictured on april 15 , announced her plans to run for president on sunday . ' yes i run my own business and i love it and i am great at it but that is not the same as being the president , that should be left to a man , a good , strong , honorable man , ' she told cbs . rios said that she supports equal rights for men and women but thinks that , 'there’s an old biblical sound reasoning why a woman shouldn’t be president . ' rios did not reference any biblical verse . rios ' comments sparked criticism on social media with people calling rios a misogynist and a hypocrite . ' your lack of knowledge of strong women leaders in history baffles me and your position as a ceo makes it so much worse , ' wrote mdj20000 on twitter . ' you 're the dumbest person i 've ever had to read about in the news . i wish i could have those 3 minutes back of my life , ' tweeted chloe bender . her opinion : cheryl rios wrote that she is entitled to her own opinions and should n't be criticized . rios responded to the venom on twitter by posting , ' will say this and leave it at that . i believe in what i believe . in this great country we are allowed our own opinions . ' rios said that she does n't think that women should be ' abused ' and thinks they can make a ' great lawyer or doctor ' but not a president of the country . ' i did n't say that women should be abused , or that they are stupid or ca n't be lawyers , doctors or run successful businesses , i fully know and support that they can as i have done that . i mentioned one position only the head of our government , the head of state , the commander in chief , the president . with that , please stop the nastiness as it was n't meant in that light . peace , love and happiness , ' she said .