she may be a blue blood , but princess eugenie was barely recognisable as she strutted through the streets of new york in the ultimate hipster ensemble on wednesday . the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry embraced the sports luxe trend as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend . the british royal , who is currently working in new york , looked casually chic in a charcoal leather-trim coat and nike hoodie , which she pulled over her short , dark tresses . scroll down for video . princess eugenie , 25 , looked every inch the hipster as she strode through the streets of new york with a friend . she showcased her toned legs in a black mini dress , which she wore with on-trend over-the-knee boots . shielding her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses and toting a brown quilted studded leather bag by rebecca minkoff , princess eugenie laughed and joked with her female friend . at the end of last month , the young royal , who lives three and a half thousand miles away from her family in the uk , celebrated her 25th birthday . in the middle of a palace function , her father , prince andrew , whipped out his ipad and used it to video call his daughter , who currently lives in manhattan . the 25-year-old cousin of princes william and harry laughed and joked as she navigated the concrete jungle with a friend . the young royal protected her eyes from the springtime sun with tortoiseshell sunglasses and carried a brown quilted studded leather bag by rebecca minkoff . zara contrast leather collar biker coat . now sold out - click to shop a similar style . visit site . a princess she may be , but that does n't stop eugenie shopping on the high-street . here , she 's rocking zara 's contrast leather collar biker coat , which was a hit item a few seasons ago , popping up on fashion blogs everywhere . we love the cool leather collar that gives the coat an edgy streak and adds a bit of pizazz to the otherwise classic design . in fact , we have to say that eugenie is looking fairly edgy herself with those nineties-inspired round frames , studded bag and on-trend over-the-knee boots . a royally good outfit ... every pun intended . although eugenie 's exact zara coat has now sold out , click right to discover their current offering which is fit for a modern day princess , or , you know , just anyone really . alternatively , get shopping our edit below . saks fifth avenue has a dead ringer to eugenie 's zara style featuring a similar biker design and leather collar ! missguided detachable fur collar long line biker jacket ( now $ 60 ) . visit site . calvin klein jeans faux leather shearling biker coat at 6pm ( now $ 139.99 ) visit site . boohoo aimee coat . visit site . saks fifth avenue red faux leather biker coat at saks off fifth ( now $ 93.60 ) visit site . if that wasn’t enough , the prince got his 400-strong audience in the state apartments at st james’s palace to sing a cheery rendition of happy birthday , accompanied by a trumpeter from the scots guards . the royal , who was hosting the pitch @ palace event for entrepreneurs , introduced the stunned audience to the singalong at st james’s palace , saying : ‘ we are going to do something new this evening . ‘ the lady in the middle is my youngest daughter and it’s her 25th birthday today . ’ eugenie has been in new york for the past year , working for an online auction house . laughing eugenie , wearing a pair of novelty birthday candle glasses to mark the occasion , and accompanied by her sister , princess beatrice , and mother , sarah , duchess of york , smiled and waved . andrew told her : ‘ you will notice that we have somebody here to play ( gesturing to the trumpeter ) . ’ he then turned to the lance corporal and added : ‘ if you will lead us in happy birthday please ... ’ there were cheers from the crowd as the song came to an end , while plenty of others waved and tried to capture the moment on their camera phones . eugenie looked delighted and said she was ‘ very proud , pops’ of her father’s role in the awards , which celebrate innovation and technology in the creative industries . the royal cousin of princes william and harry was on trend in her black over-the-knee boots . but the singalong did not impress his ex-wife , who joked - in the style of a eurovision announcement - that the rendition scored ‘ zero points’ . sarah added : ‘ we think you all need to go for choir practice . ’ andrew , however , was content with the gesture . ‘ having been told this was a bad idea , it worked , ’ he said . the prince , who used a pitch @ palace event last year to send the first royal selfie , joked : ‘’what was it somebody said about children and dogs ? ’ the social media-savy royal is also the only senior working royal to have his own personal twitter account . eugenie has been in new york for the past year , working for an online auction house . the duke of york holds an ipad as he invites the audience at the pitch @ palace event to sing happy birthday via facetime to his daughter princess eugenie . princess eugenie of york , pictured with her sister beatrice at attend the serpentine gallery summer party last summer , proves she can cut a glamorous figure . 