shannen hussein may just have one of the largest collections of pets in australia , not that she really considers them animals . the 21-year-old lives who on a 30-acre farm in rockbank , 34 kilometres north-west of melbourne , has spent her life hand-raising animals of all shapes and sizes . but her pets are often captured behaving like humans , from her lamb winter who loves to jump on the bed to her bearded dragon who can understand the english language . thanks to this ms hussein 's collection of creatures have become somewhat of an internet sensation . the young woman said she has always taken photos and recorded videos of her 150 pets , but since a clip of winter bouncing down her hallway went viral last year she 's sharing these moments with more people than she ever imagined . ' as long as i can remember i had photographed and videoed my pets but only until i started vine , did i really start posting what i captured , ' the young woman told daily mail australia . scroll down for videos . shannen hussein , pictured with her lamb winter , lives on a hobby farm outside melbourne with over 150 pets . she shares all her animal 's wild adventures on social media . here kyah the bird sits atop ms hussein 's shoulder . her lamb winter became an internet sensation after a video of him bounding down a hallway went viral . ms hussein , 21 , cares for dogs , cats , sheep , birds , lizards , snakes , scorpions , camels and many more creatures . many of her animals have formed unlikely friendships , like this pug amani and piglet ms hussein raised . on her parents ' hobby farm ms hussein spends her days playing with , feeding , and caring for what she estimates to be at least 150 different animals . her social media accounts are filled with cute and quirky snapshots of some of the animals ' unique behaviours . some moments captured include winter bouncing up and down on the bed , him pushing leo the cat off a chair , and then curling up with his feline friend for a nap . winter also runs across the yard to ms hussein when he 's called , headbutts chairs , bleats loudly , and snuggles ducklings . liz the bearded dragon can understand english and nods when she wants something to eat , while baby ducklings follow their carer around the yard when they 're called . kyah the budgie likes to drink from water bottles , and moey the kitten tries to attack his own reflection in the mirror . on her parents ' hobby farm ms hussein spends her days playing with , feeding , and caring for what she estimates to be at least 150 different animals . pictured here as two bearded dragon juveniles keeping cool . ms hussein has a number of pet snakes , as well as many other reptiles . her bearded dragon recently laid these eggs and later gave birth to her first little of babies . this tiny water dragon juvenile takes in his surroundings . shingleback lizard 's also live on ms hussein 's farm , in rockbank about 35 kilometres from melbourne . ms hussein 's cats like to watch as she feeds the turtles , and ozzie the emu which used to live on the farm liked to chase sheep . the young woman said although she does have other interests , much of her time is spent outside watching all that unfolds . ' in the warmer weather i 'm usually out the door and outside and spending time with all the baby animals , ' she said . ' in spring it 's the craziest , we have baby animals everywhere . ' there was a time where we had baby ducks , baby geese and even baby emus and they were following me everywhere , it was so cute , ' ms hussein added . most of the animals on the farm get on well apart from the few that have to be kept separate , and some unlikely friendships have formed between many different species . ' we ca n't have the dogs with most of the animals , the cats are fine with all the animals except for the rabbits and the mice , ' the young woman revealed . this little baby duckling is just one of the small creatures which inhabit the farm . ms hussein 's ducklings and baby geese often follow her around and like to cuddle up to her . she said while it is her family farm , she is the most obsessed with caring for all the creatures great and small . this is the family 's camel alana . winter the lamb often features in vine videos , running across the yard when he is called or chasing ducklings . here an emu chick snuggles up next to a ginger cat . for ms hussein , a life surrounded by a whole lot of different creatures is the only one she knows , and she says it 's always filled with surprises . ' from a very young age i was taught how to care for baby animals and how to properly handle them . ' one of the earliest animals i got the chance of hand rearing that i can remember was a baby cockatiel which had been abandoned by her mum , and still have to this day , it 's name is squeaky , ' she said . and while much of her day is spent filled with cuddles and funny moments , life on her farm is n't always fun and games . ' i spend quite a bit of time cleaning and feeding my animals , some of which need to be fed multiple times a day , ' ms hussein revealed . ' ' my parents are a big help and often help me with the animals when needed as well as caring for the bigger animals outside and their own pets . ' ms hussein also has two akitas , kumi and rambo . many little bunnies also roam the grounds , like this little guy celebrating easter . a group of emu chicks pose for the camera , showing off their distinctive markings . fredde was around the house as a pet kangaroo while the young woman was growing up . ozzie the emu lived with ms hussein for many years before he moved to a wildlife park . this pond yard out the back is where many of the birds like to hang out , and where the turtles live . some of the 21-year-old 's favourite moments growing up include : ' a pet turkey which gave handshakes , a possum that slept in my bed , different species of animals interacting and enjoying each other 's company ' . for years she simply kept all these memories to herself , but now she has realised there is a whole audience of people who want to share these moments too . one video of ms hussein 's lamb winter has almost 40 million loops , and is still climbing more than eight months later . ' i was just so shocked at the attention my vines attracted , i was only expecting to share my clips with a small audience . ' vine is a video sharing app which allows users to post six second long clips . they can be reposted , commented on and views are counted in ' loops ' . when originally posted , the video of winter bounding down the hallway of the house was shared by taylor swift , ashton kutcher , ariana grande and picked up by ellen degeneres and mtv . winter the lamb runs across the yard to ms hussein when he is called . miniature ponies also make up some of the residents at the farm . this turkey duckling is one of many which fill the fields , especially during spring . the young woman said she ca n't imagine a ' normal ' life without all her crazy pets . ' famous people were retweeting it and stuff and i did n't know how to react… i was numb , ' the animal lover revealed . ' it amazes me how much something so simple as a lamb bouncing down the hall can mean so much to someone else . ' asked if she would live any other way , ms hussein said she does n't believe she could . ' i ca n't see myself ever living in a `` normal '' house without pets . '