an italian activist and artist has asked women to express their thoughts on gender violence by writing them down - on their underwear . in what kind of man are you ? , alexsandro palombo is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , as he asks women to share their thoughts on machismo by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media . in the # briefmessage campaign , women hold up their often hard-hitting statements to the camera , sometimes staring boldly into the lens , and sometimes hiding behind the knickers . italian activist and artist alexsandro palombo has turned his hand to photography for his latest project , ' what kind of man are you ? ' the illustrator is hoping to send out a more serious message with his latest work , as he asks women to share their thoughts on gender violence by writing them on pairs of pants and sharing via social media . and palombo says the response has been ' immediate and powerful ' . he said : ' gender violence is a serious problem that can only be overcome through cultural and social education . ' men must rebel against machismo and fight strongly gender violence . we must do it constantly and relentlessly . ' we need stronger law to fight violence against women . ' the # briefmessage campaign to fight violence against women is an opportunity for women - and men - to share their feelings about machismo and violence in 2015 . palambo says the response has been ' immediate and powerful ' . the messages , written by italian women in a combination of english and italian , range from the rather cheeky ' my balls [ sic ] bigger than yours ' to the very simple ' no rape ' . some are statements of defiance , lots focus on the perpetrator being weaker than the victim . one woman holds out her pair with the phrase , ' i 'm not an object i 'm a subject ' , another reads , ' i teach my son respect ' . another participant , making a stand against domestic violence , holds the statement : ' never let the hand you hold , hold you down . ' other stark messages include : ' weak men beat women ' , ' violence is weakness disguised as strength , and ' women are warriors , lose the abuser ' . he says : ' gender violence is a serious problem that can only be overcome through cultural and social education . ' men must rebel against machismo and fight strongly gender violence . we must do it constantly and relentlessly , ' says the artist . many men have joined the social media campaign holding up their pants with phrases such as ' i 'm a feminist ' and ' women are not objects ' emblazoned on them . alexsandro palombo is a contemporary artist known for irreverent and colourful art that often draws attention to controversial issues . previous projects have included an ' anti anorexia ' campaign featuring skeletal drawings of style icons kate moss and alexa chung , and a collection of famous female cartoon characters suffering the effects of domestic violence . to see more messages , visit humorchic.blogspot.it . the messages , written by italian women in a combination of english and italian , range from the rather cheeky to the very simple . some are statements of defiance and lots focus on the perpetrator being weaker than the victim .  