the nypd detective caught on video screaming at an uber driver has apologized in a televised interview . detective patrick cherry was stripped of his shield and gun and will be placed on administrative duty following the outburst which was viewed more than three million times on youtube . reacting to the mass outcry , cherry appears on nbc 4 new york on friday night to say : ' i apologize . i sincerely apologize . ' he adds : ' people shouldn’t be treated that way . i let my emotions get the better of me and i was angry . ' my intention was to be courteous and then we got into an argument . there was no intention to berate or hurt deeply the driver . ' scroll down for video . apology : detective patrick cherry appears on nbc tonight to ' sincerely apologize ' for shouting at an uber driver . screaming and raging : detective patrick cherry , pictured in the blue shirt , launched his tirade after the uber driver hooted at him . the new york post reported in addition to being stripped of his badge , detective patrick cherry will be placed on modified duty before being transferred out of the joint terrorism task force . ' no good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' nypd police chief bill bratton said at a press conference announcing cherry was being placed on modified duty . ' because all good cops know that officer just made their jobs a little bit harder , ' bratton added . ' in that kind of encounter , anger like that is unacceptable . in any encounter , discourtesy and obscene language like that is unacceptable . ' the new york police department 's internal affairs bureau launched an investigation into the incident , which occurred in the west village , after footage captured by a passenger was posted online . the officer was named by the new york daily news as detective patrick cherry of the nypd 's joint terrorism task force . shell shocked : the driver , named only as humayun , pictured , tried to repeatedly apologise to detective cherry . detective cherry was in plainclothes and trying to park his unmarked hyundai without signalling when the uber driver known only as humayun honked his horn . the angered detective pulled over the uber cab and launched a tirade , questioning the diver 's command of the english language as well as his driving ability . cherry 's case was transferred to the civilian complaint review board following a complaint of ' discourtesy ' . detectives ' endowment association president michael palladino said cherry was returning from a visit with his colleague detective harry hill . hill had recently had a heart attack while undergoing surgery and cherry was reportedly very stressed . ' the past five days have been emotionally draining for the members of the jttf dealing with their fellow detective 's health , ' palladino said . ' despite what some people think , cops have feelings , too . ' during the three-minute video , detective cherry shouts at the driver , screaming , ' i do n't know where you 're coming from , where you think you 're appropriate in doing that . ' ' that 's not the way it works , ' he continued . ' how long have you been in this country ? ' the two passengers in the backseat of the car can be heard assuring the driver that he has done nothing wrong , with one of them saying ; ' it 's not your fault ; this guy 's just a d*** . ' moments later the cop returns with a ticket , this after he has pounded on the car and , according to one of the passengers , thrown things in the vehicle . as the driver agrees with everything the cop says , he manages to cut off the man , which sends him into another tirade as he screams ; ' i do n't know what f****** planet you 're on right now ! ' the officer also mocks the driver 's accent throughout and his pronunciation of certain words . passengers in the cab claimed that detective cherry failed to indicate before attempting to park his hyundai . ' our uber driver , humayun , was abused by a police officer today in new york , ' sanjay seth , who took the video , wrote on his facebook page on monday . ' the unending rage , door slamming , throwing items into the car , threatening arrest without cause was bad enough - but the officer 's remarks at the end really took it to another level . ' ' the behavior in the video is wrong and unacceptable and we appreciate the nypd investigating the incident , ' uber said in a statement . ' we are in touch with our driver-partner who was subjected to this terrible experience and will continue to provide any support he needs . '