many britons have given up on their dream of owning a home amid high house prices and poor pay rises , research has found . many britons have given up on their dream of owning a home amid high house prices and poor pay rises , a study shows . it found that just four in 10 renters ( 43 per cent ) aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home , compared to almost half a year ago ( 49 per cent ) . according to research from halifax , three-quarters of uk renters also fear they will never be able to afford to buy their own house . this rises to eight in 10 for londoners , where house prices have risen by double-digits in recent years . the mortgage lender’s report , called generation rent , said the data ‘ strengthens the view’ that more people may be giving up on the idea of owning their own home and are instead accepting the idea of long-term renting . they said if people believe buying a house is completely unobtainable , ‘ a lower level of homeownership will become the new normal’ and ‘ the presumption that the uk is obsessed with homeownership may soon become a myth’ . the survey found the three most common barriers to home ownership were the size of the deposit needed , high property prices and low incomes . non-homeowners said they would be willing to save for about five years and four months to save for a deposit . but even then , owning a home remains out of reach for many . government schemes such as help to buy have enabled people to get on or move up the property ladder with a low deposit . scroll down for video . but while half of people believed this had a positive impact , 8 per cent believe this had a negative impact , amid fears it has fuelled demand , pushing up prices . three-quarters of those surveyed also thought banks were reluctant to lend to first-time buyers . figures recently released by the council of mortgage lenders showed the number of first-time buyers getting on the property ladder last year reached its highest levels since 2007 . more than 300,000 people bought their first home in 2014 . just four in 10 renters aged 20 to 45 are saving for a deposit to buy a home , according to research by halifax . but craig mckinlay , mortgages director at halifax , said : ‘ while there has been an increase in first-time buyers in the last 12 months , at the same time there is also a growing group of young people who believe they won’t be able to get a mortgage . ‘ the difference between the reality and their perception needs to be addressed urgently if we are to prevent people from giving up on getting on the housing ladder . ’ the survey questioned 40,000 people aged 20 to 45 . 