poisoned by botox ? mike and susan fortuna , of shelburne are accusing allergan of failing to warn of dangers , negligence and breach of the vermont consumer fraud act in treating their daughter , mandy . the parents of a vermont woman who died last year have sued botox maker allergan , saying off-label treatment of her spams caused by cerebral palsy with botox contributed to her death . mike and susan fortuna , of shelburne , sued last week , accusing allergan of failing to warn of dangers , negligence and breach of the vermont consumer fraud act in treating their 21-year-old daughter , mandy fortuna . in november , a vermont jury awarded a new york family $ 6.75 million in their lawsuit against allergan . their lawyer said 7-year-old joshua drake developed epilepsy after getting botox injections for his leg spasms caused by cerebral palsy . joshua and fortuna were treated by the same doctor , dr. scott benjamin of burlington , vermont . the last set of injections occurred on september 5 , 2014 , approximately three weeks prior to her death , according to a press release put out last week by the fortunas ' attorneys . the fortunas claim their daughter suffered an unexplained deterioration in her health after from dr. benjamin . ' she was continually gagging and choking , unable to clear her secretions , ' reads the complaint . ' her breathing was shallow and mandy had trouble holding her head up . she began to experience seizures or seizure-like spells . ' the cause of death was not entirely conclusive and was ruled as atypical pneumonia , a common complication associated with botox overdoses , according to their suit . the family obtained records from the burlington physician , which their attorney ray chester says they used to determine that mandy had received an overdose of botox just like joshua drake . ' it came about seven or eight weeks too late , ' mike fortuna told the burlington free press . ' nonetheless , we were perplexed by the whole thing . we did n't understand what had happened to her , and now we know . ' off-label : mandy fortuna suffered from cerebral palsy and was treated for spasms using botox off-label . their suit claims botox contacted dr. benjamin multiple times in the 2000s and urged him to use unsafe doses of botox for pediatric uses . in 2011 , chester and his team received what was reported to be the largest single plaintiff personal injury verdict ever awarded in the state of virginia . that verdict was $ 212 million and included a $ 200 million punitive damages award . the case later settled for a confidential amount . according to the release , chester 's other clients range from adults who wanted to remove a few wrinkles to young children with cerebral palsy who received high dose , off-label botox to treat spasticity . the one common thread among almost all cases is that the treatments were off-label , meaning not approved by the fda . allergan plead guilty to criminal off-label promotion in 2010 and paid $ 600 million in fines . allergan has n't commented on the lawsuit . dr. bejamin has declined to comment on the pending litigation . allergan has n't commented on the lawsuit . dr. bejamin has declined to comment on the pending litigation , which claims he was often urged in the 2000s to administer what are now known to be unsafe doses of botox to children . 