jack grealish feels ashamed about inhaling nitrous oxide through a balloon and has assured aston villa manager tim sherwood he will not repeat his mistake . sherwood told his young winger , who inspired villa to fa cup semi-final victory over liverpool on sunday , that such behaviour could not be tolerated by the club . grealish , 19 , was pictured taking so-called ‘ hippy crack’ , a legal high , after a night out nearly a year ago , with the image published in the sun on thursday . jack grealish has become the third top flight starlet caught on camera inhaling nitrous oxide . grealish starred for aston villa in their fa cup semi-final win over liverpool on sunday at wembley . raheem sterling , 20 , and saido berahino , 21 , have been pictured doing the same recently and the pfa will look to increase their education to players on the risks of nitrous oxide , also known as laughing gas . users say it creates feelings of euphoria and light-headedness but drug advice website frank warns ‘ there is a risk of death as a lack of oxygen can occur’ . sherwood said on thursday : ‘i’m not pleased . i spoke to jack first thing this morning as he came in , i explained to him his behaviour can’t be tolerated by the football club . ‘ he did not come in here with the “i’m only young , i’m allowed to get away with it” attitude . he was very ashamed and does not like the bad publicity . he’s assured me it won’t happen again . ’ grealish has not been fined over the incident and will be in villa’s squad for the trip to manchester city . he was given his first premier league start on april 7 and has been integral to his side’s success in the past three games . the pfa have noticed a growing trend in the recreational use of nitrous oxide , and will look to adapt their extensive tutoring programmes on substance abuse . john bramhall , pfa deputy chief executive , said : ‘we’re working with sporting chance , delivering the message , and it’s a continuing process . it will change as different issues come into focus . ’ the selfie , which shows grealish and a friend , was taken in a hotel room after a night out , according to the sun . sherwood hopes grealish can learn a lesson , not only about his choices but how such information can come into public knowledge . ‘he’s hurting but he needs to stop hurting , ’ said sherwood . ‘ perhaps a year ago when the photo was taken no-one wanted to know jack grealish but now he realises people have taken an awful lot of notice — and he wanted that . if you’re a professional footballer you want to be noticed . emre can of liverpool tries to tackle grealish during their fa cup tie with aston villa at wembley . ‘ but he needs to get on the other side of the paper . i want him to forget about this by saturday . i don’t want him to dwell on it . it only really affects me if i let it affect him on the pitch . ‘ as i said about raheem last week , he’s a young man . jack was even younger a year earlier when the picture was taken . but it doesn’t matter how young he is , he is now in a responsible position as a professional footballer , he’s got to make sure it won’t happen again ; he’s assured me it won’t . ‘i’m not worried . to be honest there is only one form of discipline , that’s self-discipline , that’s what really matters . jack has to take that on board now . this is an eye-opener for him , he has to realise he has to be very careful who he can trust out there . ‘ i think he’s a fantastic talent , he’s willing to work hard at it , he will be a big player for the future of aston villa football club . ’ grealish , who presented an award at his cousin’s under 12s team on tuesday , has thrived on the pitch under the responsibility handed to him by sherwood . ‘ the circumstances probably dictated that i thought , “ why not ? let’s throw the dice . let’s get him in there” . he’s not let anyone down . ’ 