dave king has moved closer to becoming rangers chairman after the court of session cleared him to return as a director of the club . and the south african-based businessman hopes yesterday’s decision will now convince the sfa to pass him as ‘ fit and proper’ in the final stage of approval . king won around 85-per-cent shareholder backing to return to the rangers boardroom at the club’s pivotal extraordinary general meeting last month , but has been holding off from taking up a post until he has cleared all regulatory barriers . dave king is back on the rangers board after being cleared by the court of session . rangers players applaud as they leave the pitch following their 2-1 defeat of hearts at the weekend . he required the consent of the court due to previously being a director in the ibrox oldco which entered liquidation in 2012 . ‘ i am delighted that at a court of session hearing this morning before lord woolman my application to become a director of rangers international football club plc was granted , ’ said king in a statement . ‘today’s decision has removed the final legal hurdle for me to take up my role on the board following the overwhelming mandate at the egm . ‘ the previous board had raised a little known legal provision stating that because i was a director of rangers oldco within 12 months of its liquidation that i must obtain court sanction before becoming a director of rifc because the word “rangers” is in both company names . ‘ a court would not grant leave to an applicant unless it is satisfied that the circumstances warrant such approval . king ( centre ) celebrates success at the club 's egm alongside john gilligan ( left ) and paul murray ( right ) . ‘ any affected party , eg the liquidator or an aggrieved creditor of the previous company , has the right to be heard at such a hearing . ‘ the liquidation of rangers oldco and the formation of rangers newco were not conducted clandestinely but in the full glare of publicity . ‘ however , being aware of the provision , i sought leave of the court to accept my board appointment . ‘ hopefully , this endorsement will also provide the sfa with additional comfort to complete its consideration of my fit and proper status . ‘ all rangers supporters have suffered from the failure of full and proper corporate governance over the last four years . ‘ i am anxious to play my part in ensuring that this is comprehensively remedied for present and future generations of rangers supporters . ‘ i have fully cooperated with the sfa over the last few weeks and thank them for the care and attention with which they have undertaken this task . ‘ i must be the most scrutinised candidate in scottish football history but accept this as being preferable to the lack of scrutiny that has been the case in rangers recent past — and possibly other clubs . ‘ i hope matters can be swiftly concluded now that , with the permission of the court , i can take up my role as a director of rifc . ’ 