the body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor phil primmer , who reportedly died after collapsing on thursday . the darwin man , aged just 42 , had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died , according to nt news . he was given cpr but it was too late by the time emergency services arrived , reportedly to the gym he owned according to friends on facebook . scroll down for video . the body-building community is in shock after the premature death of celebrated competitor phil primmer . phil ( far right ) won the 2012 and 2013 national amateur body building association’s southern hemisphere championships in the men’s class two division . phil and his wife vania own ultimate gym and fitness centre at winnellie together . the chiselled competitor sadly leaves behind his wife and two children , including son shannan and his young daughter miami . phil and his wife vania own ultimate gym and fitness centre at winnellie together . mr primmer won the 2012 and 2013 national amateur body building association’s southern hemisphere championships in the men’s class two division . his son , shannan primmer , wrote a heartfelt tribute in the wake of his father’s shock death . he sadly leaves behind his wife and two children , including son shannan and his young daughter miami , pictured with her father here . ‘ my new life goal is to be just half the man you are , i love you so much , ' his son shannan 's tribute read . phil 's facebook has been inundated with heartfelt tribute from people inspired across australia . ‘ to my love father phil , you were the best dad a son could ask for , ’ shannan posted . ‘ always did your best to provide anything your children needed or wanted you were the best man . i have ever met and will ever meet . ‘ my new life goal is to be just half the man you are , i love you so much . ’ his facebook page has been inundated with hundreds of tributes , including messages from people who never met him but were inspired by ‘ an australian body building legend who will never be forgotten’ . the darwin man , had reportedly just been to see a doctor to seek treatment for neck pain when he died . friends have remembered him for his sweet nature and always having time for everyone . jude smith described him as having ‘ a heart overflowing with love for those he loved’ . ‘ in the bodybuilding world everybody knew your name , even outside the fitness world you shared your passion and drive with whomever you met , even if they did n't agree with you , ’ wrote nyla peck . jude smith described him as having ‘ a heart overflowing with love for those he loved . ’ ‘ the roughest of diamonds . this was a true and loved family man . ’ ‘ your achievements and effect on people had earned you so much love and respect , ’ wrote jordan hoyland . ‘ by far the lasting impression i have is you with your family… your love for them is strong and fierce . ’ an autopsy will be carried out on wednesday , according to nt news . ‘ your achievements and effect on people had earned you so much love and respect , ’ another tribute read . phil 's son shannan shared a heartfelt tribute to his father in the wake of his shock passing . 