firefighters tackling a huge blaze at an oxford hotel saved a couple’s wedding when they salvaged their rings and the bride’s dress from the charred building yesterday . lauren halliday and steven smith feared they would have to get married in their jeans after they were evacuated from the randolph hotel on friday . the ceremony went ahead at st edmund hall in the city . eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in tv’s inspector morse . no one was hurt . eighty guests fled the fire at the 119-bedroom hotel , which featured in tv’s inspector morse . no one was hurt . seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds . the extent of the damage to the grade ii listed victorian building remains unclear but aerial pictures of the scene showed gaps in the roof and exposed beams . the five-star hotel , run by the macdonald chain , includes the morse bar , named after being used as a frequent setting for many scenes where morse and lewis deliberated on complex cases . cast and crew also stayed there while filming the detective drama . the morse bar has featured in episodes of the follow-on tv series , lewis , too . seventy firefighters fought the blaze and the damage was expected to run into hundreds of thousands of pounds . roads were closed around the hotel as fire crews fought to stop the flames spreading , while its staff and guests were evacuated . eyewitness anabel bacon , who was on the roof terrace of the ashmolean museum opposite the imposing , gothic hotel , said there was an initial plume of smoke , which stopped very quickly - but “ all of a sudden it resumed again with just as much force” . she said : ‘ the fire service was there very quickly after the second plume erupted , within five minutes . everyone was surprised… no one knew what was going on . ’ the fire 's cause is not known and the extent of the damage to the grade ii listed building remains unclear . an aerial view over the historic hotel shows massive plumes of smoke billowing over oxford city centre . 