freckly-faced carrot tops once mocked for their distinctive hair are flourishing into flame-haired sex symbols as the redhead takes the celebrity world by storm . from hollywood starlets and musical sex symbols to a certain member of the royal family , according to copper-locked actor damian lewis , his hair colour is having a moment on screens both big and small . whether their rouge colouring is au naturel or straight out of a packet , we 're loving the fiery-haired stars flying the flag for gingers everywhere . scroll down for video . ' this might be a unique moment in recent history : redheads everywhere are doing well , ' said damian lewis . the wolf hall star told the sunday times magazine : ' the redhead stock is very high at the moment . ' this might be a unique moment in recent history : redheads everywhere are doing well - prince harry , ed sheeran , julianne moore , me , lily cole . ' in truth , many of us have nurtured secret crushes on those with bold barnets for years , with prince harry transforming from a cute ginger kid into a bone-fide hot-haired hunk before the nation 's eyes . then there 's our admiration for the eternal glamour of julianne moore , who has been lighting up our screens with her lioness 's mane since the 1990s . the 54-year-old has embraced her natural colour and hopes to help young reds to do the same . she even penned a bestselling children 's book freckleface strawberry , about a young redhead girl finding confidence in a world full of blondes and brunettes . prince harry transformed from a cute ginger kid into a bona fide hot-haired hunk before the nation 's eyes . julianne moore has embraced her natural colour and hopes to help young reds to do the same . for others , the love of red locks stormed its way into their hearts and hair salons thanks to the fiery females in game of thrones . sansa stark and ygritte rock luminous-looking locks with porcelain skin , while auburn-haired melisandre - aka the red woman - seduces would-be kings , turning them into putty in her hands . sophie turner , who plays sansa stark , is in fact a natural blonde , which is what makes her red such a vibrant shade of copper . turner has said her dyed locks are what get her recognised , and so when she 's not filming for got , she goes back to her natural colour . perhaps the first moment you felt a weakness for a man with a mop of auburn curls was when eddie redmayne let out that adorable squeak during his oscar performance . in truth , he 's only borderline ginger , with his red hue and freckles hibernating in winter . not that eddie would know - he 's colour blind , so ca n't distinguish between red and green . eddie redmayne is actually colour blind , so is unable to see how gorgeous his red locks are . of course we ca n't talk about sexy gingers without mentioning man of the musical moment , ed sheeran . his tattoos may look as if they 've been drawn in crayola , but his carroty mop top and ginger stubble do nothing to quash our daydreams of being the woman in his ' thinking out loud ' music video . or , even better , the woman the song is about . and this singer/songwriter has revealed he does n't plan on changing his look anytime soon . although the reasoning behind this is more to do with his need to cover his 'non-existent ' eyebrows . ' they have no definition so i just end up looking like a big white blob , ' he joked to the express . ed sheeran uses his red mop to cover up his 'non-existent ' eyebrows . ' they have no definition so i just end up looking like a big white blob , ' he joked . arguably , though , when it comes to rocking the red , the irish have it , as proved by the oh-so-cute domhnall gleeson . inheriting his vibrant hair colour from his actor father harry potter star brendan gleeson , dom has exchanged his dad 's brutish bushy ginger beard for a tousled mop of strawberry-blond locks . he played the leading man opposite rachel mcadams in about time , and while he might not be ryan gosling ( who is ? ) , he captured our ginger-loving hearts . domhnall gleeson captured our ginger-loving hearts in about time , opposite rachel mcadams . christina hendricks has recently changed her crimson colour as she says goodbye to her mad men character . back to the ladies , ever since christina hendricks strutted onto our screens in mad men we 've had a serious case of the green-eyed monster over her hourglass curves and sophisticated strawberry waves . ( it 's lucky , then , that green eyes suit red hair perfectly . ) but , as she bid farewell to joan , her mad men character , she also bid goodbye to her ruby-red locks , trading them for a golden blonde . she 's said that it was to represent her fresh start , but we suspect it may also have something to do with her being the face of nice n easy hair dye ... flame-haired actress jessica chastain is another red dipping her toe into blonde waters , as she will transform her red hair to play perhaps the most iconic blonde of all time , 1950s bombshell , marilyn monroe . she 'll also be following in the footsteps of amy adams , who temporarily swapped her amber aura for a platinum ' do to play painter margaret keane in big eyes . another actress who reached for the dye for a role is emma stone , who went blonde for her role as gwen stacey in the spider-man movies . she actually claims to be a natural blonde , but we refuse to believe her as she was clearly born to be red . jessica chastain will transform her hair to play perhaps the most iconic blonde of all time , marilyn monroe . emma stone claims to be a natural blonde , but we refuse to believe her as she was clearly born to be red . isla fisher bucked the blonde beach waves trend from her home country of australia , swapping them for loose auburn curls . the actress , who is married to sacha baron cohen ( aka , ali g ) , has said that she likes the fact her hair makes her look different to most , but admitted she got more attention when she lightened her locks for her role as mary jane in 2002 's scooby-doo . back in 2002 , nicola roberts made it cool to be crimson when she was selected to be a member of girls aloud , a girl band created on popstars : the rivals . aussie isla fisher swapped the blonde beach waves trend from her home country for loose auburn curls . cheryl may have hogged the spotlight , but we 've always admired nicola 's doll-with-an-attitude look ; her pale skin setting off her vibrant hair perfectly . keeping on the doll theme , lily cole reminds us of a red-headed rag doll we had as a child - in a good way , of course . her pale cheeks and big blue eyes offset the model 's red mane perfectly , making her stand out in a world of blondes and brunettes . indeed , this glamorous lot go to show gingers should be proud of their out-of-the-ordinary locks . suddenly our shade seems rather dull ... excuse us , we 're off to call our hairdressers .