a new species of monkey has been discovered after scientists learned to distinguish it by the appearance of its penis . the white-cheeked macaque was discovered in the remote highland forests of south-east tibet after researchers set up camera traps . the monkey has a distinctive rounded penis rather than the arrow shaped genitalia found on other species in the area . scroll down for video . the white-cheeked macaque , from tibet , china , has a distinctive rounded penis compared to other macaques . officially named macaca leucogenys , it earned its common name due to the pale whiskers on its chin and the side of its face . videos have also revealed that the animal has a distinctive alarm calls compared to other macaques in tibet . human males may be preoccupied by the size of their penis , but it is one of the largest in the primate kingdom . an evolutionary biologist has compared the sizes of genitals of humans to gorillas and apes to look at why there is such a discrepancy between the species . he concluded the human penis may have grown so long to make it more conspicuous to potential partners , or even as a way of cooling the body down . the relative size of the male reproductive organs across these species was discussed by evolutionary biologist darren curnoe in his latest ' how did we get here ? ' video series for the university of new south wales , australia . gorillas have small penises and small testicles , while chimps have medium-sized penises and large testicles . by comparison , human males have the longest penis and medium-sized testicles . ' amazingly the size of the reproductive organs , especially the testicles , are a reflection of how the apes are organised socially , ' explained professor curnoe . ' why the difference ? well for the testicles it 's pretty straight forward . ' it all comes down to the amount of competition the chimps , and their sperm , have when they mate with females . ' but he said there was n't a discernible reason why there is so much variation in penis size between humans and great apes . dr pengfei fan , one of the researchers who discovered the new species and a biologist at dali university , yunnan , in china , said the new macaque had long been misidentified as another species . he said that due to the remoteness of the location in medog county of tibet , few biologists had been there . he said : ' medog county is surrounded by snow mountains and so far away from the centre of science . ' furthermore , it locates in southeastern tibet and close to mcmahon line which is a political sensitive area . very few have people studied primates there . ' this species has long been identified as assamese macaque ( macaca assamensis ) because no clear photos or good specimens are available . ' in an attempt to better study the animals living in the region , cheng li , a photographer with the imaging biodiversity expedition in beijing , set up camera traps in the area 's remote tropical and evergreen mountain forests . they captured 685 photos of macaques and mr li was also able to follow a group of macaques allowing him to obtain close up images . when the researchers , whose work is published in the american journal of primatology , examined the images they started to notice some monkeys that had different features . they the animals hd relatively short hairless tails and almost white hairs around their face . they also had long thick hairs on their neck . but the most distinctive feature was the creatures genitalia . most macaques from that area have arrow shaped penises . however , macaca leucogenys had far more rounded penis and a dark hairy scrotum . scientists noticed some of the macaques captured on by the cameras looked different with shorter tails ( like those above ) and light coloured markings around their face , leading them to identify a new species of primate . the images above show the more usual 'arrow-shaped ' genitalia that macaques in the area have . videos also revealed that macaca leucogenys produced a far higher frequency squeal when threatened compared to the low pitched bark used by macaca assamensis as an alarm call . dr fan said the species seemed to inhabit a diverse range of habitats and was found living in tropical forests at 1,395 metres , evergreen broad-leaved forests at 2,400 metres and a mixed broad leaf and conifer forest at 2,700 metres . however , the researchers , who also included choa zhao from the southwest forestry university in kunming , china , warned that the new species may be under threat . they said : ' the white-cheeked macaque is threatened by illegal hunting and the construction of hydropower stations . the white cheeked macaque was discovered in the mountain forests of medog in south east tibet , china . the researchers say the whiskers on the side of the face of macaca leucogenys become paler and more prominent with age . infants can be seen in the images a and b while a juvenile is labelled c. adult females are in the image d and adult males are seen on the far right of image e. adults have few dark hairs on their faces . ' discovery of this new primate species further highlights the high value for biodiversity conservation of southeastern tibet and calls for more intensive surveys , studies , and environmental protection in this area . ' dr fan added that it was possible there could be other species of primate still to be discovered in the area . he said : ' this area has been little studied . ' although primates have been intensively studied for decades , two new macaque species ( macaca munzala and m. leucogenys ) were discovered and described in this area in the past 10 years . ' as for other species groups that received less attention , we believe there are still some species remain undiscovered . ' it is highly possible that some primate species still remain undiscovered . ' adult macaca leucogenys ( above ) have long hair on their muzzles simiarl to another species macaca thibetana .