chelsea clinton is opening up about life in the public eye , being a new mother and whether or not she would like to see her own mother become president in a new interview . clinton , whose mother hillary is expected to formally announce her presidential campaign this sunday , said it is time the united states had a female leader . ' one of our core values in this country is that we are the land of equal opportunity , but when equal has n't yet included gender , there is a fundamental challenge there that , i believe , having our first woman president—whenever that is—will help resolve , ' said clinton . scroll down for video . chelsea clinton is opening up about motherhood , life in the public eye and why the united states needs a female president in a new interview with elle . gucci black stretch viscose dress with knot detail . get it now at neiman 's . visit site . chelsea clinton has come a long way from being the adolescent that grew up in front of our eyes while her dad was potus . yes , chelsea is now a mom , wife , and advocate for women . being the daughter of two of the most influential people on the planet does n't seem to faze chelsea . she gave a candid interview to elle magazine this month about motherhood and talks of how her own mom should be the first female president of the united states . in between the interview she was able to take a few editorial shots in all black outfits . her cover look is a fitted black dress with cut out detail by gucci . we love the fitted silhouette and cut-out that takes a basic lbd to new stylish heights . you can get chelsea 's dress now at neiman 's for $ 1500 . not all of our pockets are that deep for a black dress , but you are in luck . our team has picked our favorite lbd 's that will not break the bank , but have you smiling with style . stretch rayon piqué dress at max studio . visit site . do n't panic midi dress the fifth label at revolve . visit site . velvet by graham & spencer at saks . visit site . metaphor women 's fitted knit dress at sears . visit site . ' i now understand all of the enthusiastic , bombastically spectacular , wonderful things people say about their children , ' says clinton of her daughter ( above with her family shortly after the birth ) . in the interview with elle , clinton does not however say too much about her mother 's campaign plans , and focuses instead on the general lack of female representation in politics . ' we 've made real progress on legal protections for women , but in no way are women at parity to men in our country in the workplace , ' she explains . ' and if we look in the political sphere , it is challenging to me that women comprising 20 percent of congress is treated as a real success . since when did 20 percent become the definition of equality ? ' she then adds ; ' and so when you ask about the importance of having a woman president , absolutely it 's important , for , yes , symbolic reasons—symbols are important ; it is important who and what we choose to elevate , and to celebrate . ' clinton , who looks almost unrecognizable in the accompanying fashion spread , also talks about life with daughter charlotte . clinton says that though the us is the ' land of equal opportunity , ' that is not true about gender , and a female president would change that . hillary and chelsea clinton in a photo taken shortly after her birth in 1980 . ' i now understand—this is something else that marc and i talk about all the time—all of the enthusiastic , bombastically spectacular , wonderful things people say about their children , because we also feel and think all those things about charlotte , ' said clinton . and now , almost 25 years after she first hit the campaign trail as a child , clinton seems ready to do it all over again , as the 35-year-old may once again return to the role of first daughter . elle 's editor-in-chief robbie myers is certainly excited about this prospect , describing clinton as ' innately regal ' in her editor 's letter . 'she’s a person of substance for sure , a young woman who , while measured in her manner , has a fierceness of conviction , and a calling to make the world a better place , ' says myers . clinton meanwhile is focused on seeing that first female president . ' yes , we 've seen again and again , when women have been in positions of leadership , they have had different degrees of success versus their male counterparts , historically being able to build more consensus so that decisions have longer-term effects , whether in economic investments or in building social capital , ' says clinton . ' who sits around the table matters . and who sits at the head of the table matters , too . ' as for her mom , her big announcement is expected to come on twitter , and from there she is off to iowa to get to work .