doctors who treated brain cancer sufferer ashya king in britain yesterday accused the boy’s parents of putting his life at risk when they refused to let him have chemotherapy . consultant peter wilson told a bbc tv documentary ashya’s chances of long-term survival could have been halved by brett and naghmeh king’s decision to flee abroad with him before he had the treatment he was being offered here . dr wilson , clinical director for child health at southampton general hospital , claimed the chemotherapy was essential to reduce the chances of the five-year-old’s cancer returning . scroll down for video . clinicians in an ‘ impossible situation’ as a result of king family’s flight to spain after disagreeing with doctors . and in an interview on radio 4’s today programme he complained of the ‘vitriol’ to which he had been subjected as a result of the case , saying : ‘ i personally received a letter from a person who said they wished my children got cancer and died . ’ mr and mrs king had accused the hospital of planning treatment which would have left their son a ‘vegetable’ and took him abroad last year for proton beam therapy , an alternative form of radiotherapy . mr king , 51 , said ashya did not need subsequent chemotherapy as his cancer was in remission . last month , four months after the proton treatment ended , the family said scans showed ‘ no evidence’ of the tumour . but dr wilson , a paediatric intensive care consultant , said ashya should have undergone chemotherapy within six weeks of his original surgery to remove the tumour in southampton last july , and said it was too early to say he had been cured . he told the bbc : ‘ we are unsure as to exactly what treatment he is receiving but what we do know is… every month that goes by that he’s not getting chemotherapy , his outcome worsens . the family then went to prague for proton beam therapy , and now say there is ' no evidence ' of a tumour . ‘ there are experts in the country that have already quoted figures of halving survival – so survival going from 80 per cent to 40 or 50 per cent , which is quite dramatic . ’ dr wilson said there was an ‘ international consensus’ of medical opinion that ashya’s form of brain cancer should be treated by surgery followed by chemotherapy and radiotherapy . after he had the surgery in southampton his parents took him from the hospital without telling doctors . he was eventually given radiotherapy in the form of proton beam therapy in the czech republic , but his parents said the chemotherapy was not needed . they initially fled to spain where they were arrested then released after the high court approved their plan to take ashya to prague . the nhs eventually agreed to pay for the proton therapy there . dr wilson said there was a risk that tiny cancerous cells remained around the tumour site after the surgery , and that chemotherapy and radiotherapy were required to treat those cells to offer the best possible chance that the cancer would not return . the kings were unavailable for comment but have said they wanted ashya to receive the best possible treatment . paediatric intensive care consultant dr peter wilson said it was ' deeply unfair when the nhs is supposed to be about equal healthcare for all’ that he had to say no to parents wanting proton beam therapy for their children .