a controversial anti-vaccination organisation has come under fire for comparing compulsory vaccination to rape in a social media post . the australian vaccination skeptics network , an anti-vaccinations lobby group , posted an image to their facebook page on thursday which shows a man holding a woman with his hand over her mouth in an aggressive silencing gesture . the tag line on the image read , ' forced penetration . really- no big deal , if it 's just a vaccination needle and he 's a doctor . do you really `` need '' control over over your own choices ? ' . the australian vaccination skeptics network has come under fire for comparing vaccinations to rape . the image was posted in response to tough new laws announced by social services minister scott morrison earlier in april , which means that parents will no longer be able to access childcare benefits simply by signing a form that says they object to immunisation based on ' personal , philosophical or religious ' reasons . however , a president of the australian vaccination-skeptics network said the message had nothing to do with the group . ' i can state categorically that the australian vaccination-skeptics network inc does not support or agree with the sentiments or messages portrayed in the picture , ' she said . ' we do not own the page it was posted on . ' ' what the australian vaccination-skeptics network does support and believe in , is the right of all parents to make an informed choice in regards to vaccinating their children , whether they vaccinate , selectively vaccinate or do not vaccinate at all , ' she said . ' we are pro-choice , pro-information and pro-parental rights . the new federal law , which was in part prompted by the death of one-month-old riley hughes from complications arising from whooping cough , means that parents who refuse to immunise their children are set to lose up to $ 15,000 a year for every child when the changes come into force from january 1 , 2016 . the post , which has since been removed , caused an instant outcry from followers and opponents of the group alike , with social media users labelling the post ' tasteless ' , ' disgusting ' , and a possible trigger for those who had suffered sexual assault . ' dear rape victims , according to the rabid anti-vaxxers what you went thru is no worse than . shame , ' said one social media user . ' are you saying that your child being immunised is as bad as your child being raped ? this could also be very triggering for victims of sexual assault , ' said another . the administrator of the page defended the post , maintaining that is was n't tasteless , but honest . ' what truly is tasteless is our elected government trying to tell us that we have to vaccinate our children even if we don’t believe it is best for their health , ' the administrator wrote . ' that is tasteless . and if you find this post confronting – imagine how you would feel if you were a parent who was being told that they were going to have to vaccinate their children or starve . ' fiona mccormack , the ceo of domestic violence victoria said the comparison was ' so irresponsible and inappropriate ' . social media users labelling the post ' tasteless ' , ' disgusting ' , and a possible trigger for those who had suffered sexual assault . the image was posted in response to tough new ' no jab , no pay ' laws which was announced by social services minister scott morrison earlier in april . ' to compare a doctor injecting a child against something like the measles to rape … it 's obscene , ' ms mccormack told the age . on wednesday , a post to the page said that the controversial post was made by someone independent to the organisation . ' as written in the about section , the avn has not owned this facebook page for some time . this page is open to the public . we sincerely apologise for an earlier post that caused offense to many , including supporters . we are still investigating and have taken your comments on board , ' the post said . the australian vaccination skeptics network has previously used the metaphor of rape to oppose vaccinations , when reports of a child being given a court order to be immunised was labelled by the group as ' court ordered rape ' . ' think this is an exaggeration ? think again . this is assault without consent and with full penetration too , ' the post said . ' if you were the doctor ordered to administer this vaccine and the mother was standing there , holding her child under a court order while you prepared the shot and she was begging you to stop and crying that it would hurt and you continued to do it anyway - how different is that from rape ? ' the administrator later commented on the post . the network has previously come under fire when it was stripped of its registered charity status last year . the australian vaccination skeptics network has previously used the metaphor of rape to oppose vaccinations . ' think this is an exaggeration ? think again . this is assault without consent and with full penetration too , ' the post said . new south wales fair trading minister stuart ayres demanded that the group surrender i '' ts authority to fundraise , which it has done , under the charitable fundraising act , ' he said . ' an investigation has highlighted a number of potential concerns , ' he told the abc . mr ayres said that the nsw government had been collecting information as to the accuracy of facts provided by the group about the dangers of immunisation . ' we will continue to monitor the information that they put on their website . we will continue to ensure that they present themselves as an anti-vaccination advocacy . that 's entirely up to them to do that . we want to make sure that they do n't ever promote misleading information . ' the health care complaints commission released a statement in relation to the avn last year , which contained a warning for members of the public when considering the information the lobby group posted on their website . ' avn does not provide reliable information in relation to certain vaccines and vaccination more generally , ' the statement said . ' the commission considers that avn’s dissemination of misleading , misrepresented and incorrect information about vaccination engenders fear and alarm and is likely to detrimentally affect the clinical management or care of its readers . ' the tough new vaccination law was in part prompted by the death of one-month-old riley hughes from complications arising from whooping cough . on wednesday , a post to the page said that the controversial post was made by someone independent to the organisation . in december 2012 , the new south wales department of fair trading ordered the australian vaccination network ( avn ) - which ms dorey was then president of - to change its name or risk being shut down . the move followed ' numerous ' complaints from both the public and the australian medical association that the avn name was misleading the public and wasn’t an accurate representation of its activities . the avn claims to be pro-choice and a ' vaccine safety watchdog ' . however , t-shirts on the group 's website seemed to promote more fierce objectives which rule out vaccinating children at all . one top featured the slogan : ' love them , protect them , never inject them ' .