amazon has pulled a controversial computer game where players are encouraged to feed a cartoon character battling anorexia . the game is based on children 's favourite whack-a-mole but instead of hitting the mole with a mallet players are invited to throw food a the cartoon girl . it was marketed by smarttouch media and sold on the amazon and android platforms until it was withdrawn following a string of angry complaints . rescue the anorexia girl was available to download on amazon until they removed it following complaints . if the player misses the girl , she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies . according to the game 's instructions , which have now been withdrawn : 'it’s your time to become a real hero with this new amusing game rescue the anorexia girl ! ' you know , heroes are not just superheroes , flying in the skies , throwing rocks and fighting villains with supernatural powers . anyone can be a hero , if he is willing to help others from the bottom of his heart . start saving the day now ! ' gamers have to throw food at the girl who appears in one of nine holes before she disappears again . the game 's designers continue : ' anorexia is a serious disease and fatal if not cured in time . when you have anorexia , the desire to lose weight becomes more important than anything else . for example a girl from new rescue the anorexia girl game has started to renounce meals and even tasty cakes can not save the situation . but now you have come , brave hero and you can save her . we believe in you ! ' however , social media users reacted with horror when they first saw the game on the internet . kelly bradley said : ' you do n't throw air at someone with cystic fibrosis , so do n't throw food at someone with anorexia . ' others claimed the game further stigmatised people suffering from a mental illness . brian cuban , who suffered from eating disorders wrote on his blog : ' the science of eating disorders is firm . they are biologically based and not a choice . simply feeding “ anorexia girl” isn’t going to cure anything ; ' eating disorders have the highest mortality rate of any mental illness . ' games such as this play into stereotypes and stigma which could cause someone not to seek help . ' if the player missed the girl she starts to lose weight until she eventually dies , prompting complaints . 