the first double hundred of alex hales ' career helped nottinghamshire into a position of strength on the opening day of their lv= county championship match against yorkshire at trent bridge . the england international was unbeaten on 222 not out as the home side reached 393 for seven by stumps , having been invited to bat first . hales scored his runs from 250 balls , with 37 fours and a six and having shared in a third wicket stand of 171 with james taylor , who scored 59 . steven patterson , with two for 58 and jack brooks , two for 90 , returned the leading figures for the yorkshire bowlers on a tough day for the defending champions . alex hales , pictured in action for nottinghamshire earlier this month , completed a double century on sunday . hales ' passed three figures for the 10th time in his career , spoiling the return of andrew gale , back skippering yorkshire again after serving a four match suspension . gale rotated all seven bowlers at his disposal but all found it difficult to put the brake on hales ' scoring . in general , too much width was offered to the 26-year-old and he capitalised fully to reach his century from 131 balls and his 150 from 173 . taylor was a perfect foil for his world cup team-mate , content to play the supportive role in reaching his own 50 from 89 balls , with nine fours.yorkshire 's spirits were lifted just before the tea interval when brooks struck twice in an over , snaring taylor with an lbw decision and then providing enough temptation for samit patel to nudge one into the hands of alex lees at first slip . riki wessels made 18 before falling just before the taking of the second new ball , guiding nottingham-born will rhodes to second slip . hales , in action during an england nets session in australia in march , has n't given up on playing test cricket . hales went past his previous best of 184 , made against somerset in 2011 , and then had his only two scares of the day , against the bowling of patterson . an uppish chip to mid-on was totally missed by rhodes , who claimed he lost the flight of the ball . on 197 a huge shout for lbw was turned down by umpire russell evans , to the dismay of the entire fielding unit . a four off bresnan eased home nerves , though , and a standing ovation was duly afforded hales for reaching the 200 landmark from 234 deliveries . he will return on the second morning , after the final over of the day was cut short following the dismissal of will gidman , also caught in the slip cordon , off patterson . nottinghamshire 's openers both made 27 before the visiting attack struck twice during the morning session . steven mullaney was given out lbw to patterson , beaten by one that came back and missed the inside edge . brendan taylor , who had scored centuries in both of his first class appearances this season , became a notable first scalp for matthew fisher , who at 17 years 161 days is yorkshire 's sixth youngest debutant , but it mattered little once hales got to work . hales hopes his brilliant knock against yorkshire sends a message to the england selectors . hales said : ' it 's a very proud day for me to make that score against the county champions and against a very good attack . ' i 'm very pleased with how the day has gone , it has been one of those days where all the shots i 've tried have come off . ' they bowled pretty well at me in the morning session but i knew if i got through it , it would become easier and i 'd be all right . ' asked if his knock had sent any sort of message to the england selectors , he added : ' i hope to show that i can make scores in all three formats . ' this year i want to make as many big scores as i can in this format because it 's still my dream to play test cricket . ' yorkshire captain gale said : ' we were n't at our best today but fair play to alex hales . ' i thought he played really well - a chanceless innings really - but we only bowled to 60 or 70 per cent of our potential . ' it was a good toss to win , there was plenty in the wicket in the first session but we did n't utilise it . ' it was just nice to get back out over the white line and get 96 overs in the legs . i hope we can get it right in the morning and bowl them out quickly . '