britons spend an astonishing £100 million a year on cough syrup – when a glass of honey and lemon could work just as well , according to a new bbc television investigation . it claims that branded painkillers that say they specifically treat certain types of pain are just using ‘ clever marketing’ to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products , and that some manufacturers simply use the same pills in different packaging throughout their ranges . scroll down for video . ' clever marketing ' : dr chris van tulleken with a range of packets that , he says , may contain exactly the same pills . the uk over-the-counter medicines market , which also includes painkillers and anti-fungal creams , is worth £2.5 billion , with brands vying for attention with brightly coloured packaging and promises that are questionable under scrutiny , claims dr chris van tulleken . in the truth about medicine , to be broadcast on thursday , dr van tulleken , an infectious diseases specialist , warns we should think less about convenience and more about the effectiveness of medicines . there are three main types of over-the-counter cough remedies , those that contain suppressants to alleviate symptoms of a dry , tickly cough , syrups that reduce the urge to cough by coating the throat , and products that help to thin sticky mucus , making coughing easier . some also contain paracetamol or ibuprofen , both of which reduce a temperature , decongestants and antihistamines that can help sleep . yet an authoritative study from cardiff university’s common cold centre claimed cough medicines work mostly through a placebo effect , and that just 15 per cent of the effect can be attributed to the medicines in them . prevent : sores on the inside of the mouth or cheeks can be caused by damage to the lining of the mouth from hot foods , biting your cheek or even rubbing dentures . they can also be a sign of an iron or vitamin b12 deficiency , so a balanced diet can help prevent them . spicy foods and chocolate can be triggers , so keep a food diary if you have recurrent outbreaks to pinpoint problem foods . it’s also worth checking your toothpaste – formulas that contain a foaming agent called sodium lauryl sulphate can cause mouth ulcers by reducing the protective mucus layer in the mouth . you might consider switching brands . treat : over-the-counter antiseptic gels can bring relief from the stinging and help form a protective layer around the mouth ulcer to speed up healing . you could also try a medicated mouthwash containing chlorhexidine , which is anti-inflammatory and helps reduce bacteria . if you have had mouth ulcers for more than three weeks , go to your gp or dentist , who may prescribe steroids in the form of a tablet , mouth spray or gel . don’t bother : some people believe upping their vitamin c intake will cure their mouth ulcers , as the vitamin is known to help the wound-healing process , but too much can actually irritate the mouth . stick to the daily recommended allowance of 40mg per day ( 30mg for children aged one to ten ) through a healthy diet . a study of 60 over-the-counter medicines found that all but two contained sweeteners such as honey or sucrose , which can stimulate saliva and mucus production . in the documentary , dr van tulleken shows how an old-fashioned remedy of honey and lemon could be just the tonic to banish a troublesome cough . he inhales pepper spray into his lungs , which makes him cough , then takes a lemon-and-honey concoction . he inhales the pepper spray once more , but doesn’t cough at all . professor alyn morice of hull university , who also appears in the programme , admits there is no good scientific answer as to why the home-made cure is as effective but , with no potential side effects , the health benefits are obvious . the proprietary association of great britain ( pagb ) , a trade association representing manufacturers of over-the-counter medicines , says that although it is difficult to test the effectiveness of cough medicines , as the severity and duration of symptoms can vary , research has shown they are rated as effective by 90 per cent of consumers . the film also reveals that uk families spend £350 million on a variety of painkillers , with packaging claiming to specifically target ailments such as period pain , headaches or muscular problems . for example , nurofen and feminax both market forms of ibuprofen that are aimed specifically at those suffering from period pain , while panadol actifast , which is a branded form of paracetamol , claims on the packet to treat tension headaches , period pains and toothache . but dr van tulleken says that once the medicine is absorbed into the bloodstream , there is no way to send it to a particular part of the body . he also reveals that different branded packets all have an identical product licence number , which means they look different but contain exactly the same pills . ‘ it isn’t that the manufacturers are being untruthful , but it is clever marketing to tempt you to spend more money , ’ said dr van tulleken . the investigation claims branded painkillers that say they specifically treat certain types of pain are just using ‘ clever marketing’ to make patients spend up to ten times more than they would on unbranded products . pagb chief executive matthew speers told this newspaper : ‘ people search for products to treat their specific symptoms , so different labelling and packaging help people navigate the range more easily . ‘ there are different formulations and formats of over-the-counter medicines , which could mean a painkiller gets to work faster or provides pain relief for longer , even if it has the same active ingredient . ‘ for example , migraine products work faster while back pain products tend to be longer-lasting . ’ dr van tulleken says : ‘ some medicines are a waste of our hard-earned cash . products may be convenient but not necessarily effective . ’ excess production of the skin pigment melanin can cause blotchy uneven patches of darker skin , known as hyperpigmentation or , more commonly , liver spots . although harmless , they can be unsightly , appearing most commonly on the backs of the hands . sun damage is a common cause and pregnancy hormones can also trigger the condition . two recent pregnancies and many years as a sun-worshipper have left me with blotches of darker skin just above my upper lip , on my cheeks and under my eyes . in the winter i cover them with a foundation , but as summer approaches i’d rather not have to cover up with lots of make up . where’s the solution ? the bliss labs active 99.0 anti-ageing facial is on offer at their day spa at south kensington in london . what’s the treatment ? the 75-minute facial promises to firm , smooth and reduce the appearance of fine lines as well as helping to reduce the discoloration caused by hyperpigmentation . the therapist begins by cleansing my skin with an exfoliating powder cleanser . she then gets started with the microdermabrasion machine , which works like a mini-hoover to suck up the dead skin cells , and applies a glycolic peel which targets the hyperpigmentation by breaking apart the dead , damaged cells and peeling away the dark marks . after this she applies a serum , which contains kojic acid ( this helps to reduce the appearance of dark spots and discoloration and even out the skin tone ) and niacinamide , a form of vitamin b which can even out skin tone . she then uses a wand attached to a micro-current machine to deliver tiny electrical impulses which enhance the penetration of the active ingredients in the serum . the micro-currents also have an anti-ageing effect by increasing blood and lymph circulation and boosting the production of collagen and elastin . the therapist follows up by applying an eye cream to help diminish puffiness and dark circles . she then applies an intensive moisturiser which contains glycolic acid ( known to help fade the effects of hyperpigmentation ) , and finishes off by applying an spf 30 to the face – important as microdermabrasion can increase the skin’s photosensitivity for two weeks . does it work ? my skin felt fresher and clearer and its tone was brighter and more even . this was the perfect preparation for scaling down my make up routine as the summer approaches . the blisslabs active 99.0 facial is £195 . to book a treatment , call 020 7590 6146 or visit blissworld.co.uk .