when it comes to travel , there are a lot of things that affect the trips we book - and one of them could be the way we vote . while conservative supporters love a good trashy plane read , it seems liberal democrats prefer to opt for the window seat for flights , while ukip supporters are the most likely to want to save money on holiday . the unusual statistics were revealed as part of a travelzoo survey into voters and their holiday habits , revealing the greens love a long-haul trip and labour are the most likely to try out their dance moves on holiday . conservative party supporters are more likely to take on some light reading such as fifty shades of grey rather than some more refined reading ( file photo ) . voters for the scottish national party are more likely to bring out the speedo swimming trunks . interestingly despite their belief that pulling out of the eu is necessary , ukip supporters still have a lot of love left for warmer climates as they are the biggest sun lovers of all the parties with 90 per cent requiring this as standard . cutting down on emissions and pollution is a mainstay of the green party 's manifesto , however almost half of their supporters ( 49 per cent ) are likely to travel on long haul destinations , preferring an aisle seat on the plane . they are also most likely to rent a car on holiday , with 60 per cent voting to do so . green party supporters are also most likely to take the toiletries home with them , while ukip are the least likely to swoop for the free shampoo and shower gel in hotel rooms . the scottish national party are the most likely to pack the speedos on holiday , while they are also the most likely to watch english tv . thirty-four per cent of those who vote liberal democrat love cruise holidays , according to the statistics .  conservatives . second most likely to opt for a light reading option ( a la 50 shades of grey ) instead of something more highbrow . they are the most organized holiday makers with 71 % saying they planned well ahead instead of last minute . they’re the most likely to check work emails when away ( 17 % ) and are the most likely to have their phone on ( 49 % ) . labour . labour are most likely to get up and dance whilst on holiday rather than sit back and watch others ( 39 % ) . they also like holidaying with the kids – they’re the second most likely to take children with them ( 19 % ) . they are the least inclined to book a romantic break with their partner and most likely to choose a low floor over high floor in a hotel . liberal democrats . most likely to request a window seat on the plane and are the most likely to eat airline food rather than bring their own meal ( 45 % ) . like the high seas , and are the group most likely to opt for a cruise holiday ( 34 % ) . they are the second most likely group to try the local cuisine ( 92 % ) and also to travel to a place they’ve never been to before ( 93 % ) . labour party supporters are the least inclined to book a romantic getaway with their partners - and this is reflected in that they are the second most inclined to take the children on holiday after ukip . spokesperson for travelzoo louise hodges said : ' while some of the political party stereotypes where upheld – such as conservative supporters being the biggest fans of luxury holidays and à la carte dining – we were interested to see some less expected holiday preferences . nearly half of green party voters love long haul travel to destinations such as beautiful new zealand .  ukip . they are the keenest to save when holidaying abroad ( 59 % ) . the biggest sun lovers of the lot ( 90 % ) . the least likely to take the toiletries ( 64 % ) and the most likely to leave their phones turned off ( 58 % ) . the most likely to holiday without the kids ( 55 % ) and to stick to somewhere they know ( 13 % ) . green . despite the fuel consumption , they enjoy long haul ( 49 % ) and while they’re there , they’re the most likely to rent a car ( 60 % ) . they are the most likely to take the hotel toiletries home ( 57 % ) . they are the most likely group to take their children on holiday with them ( 20 % ) . statistics provided by travelzoo . snp . they are the least likely to check work emails on holiday ( 8 % ) . biggest romantics with 48 % saying they would choose a romantic break with their partner over holidaying with friends . the most likely to pack the speedos compared with other party supporters and also the most likely to watch english tv on holiday ( 48 % ) . ' for example , green party supporters were the biggest proponents of long-haul travel and the most likely tourists to hire a car over taking a taxi . ' we also found it interesting that ukip supporters were the in the majority when it came to saying they liked to ' mix with locals ' on foreign holidays . ' paradoxically they were the least keen on trying to speak the local language . and they also like a full english breakfast regardless of where they are . '  