a physician , 93 , who team doctor for five u.s. men 's olympic hockey squads , including the ' miracle on ice ' team that won in the 1980 's , has suffered serious injuries in an attack while visiting his wife 's grave on sunday . george nagobads was allegedly mugged by a teenager on sunday afternoon at the crystal lake cemetery in minneapolis while laying flowers on his wife velta 's grave . he was released from the hospital on tuesday with 18 stitches in his head . scroll down for video . injured : dr. george nagobads , pictured in 2010 with his hall of fame plaque , was allegedly attacked on sunday by a teenager in a cemetary . visiting his wife : nagobads was visiting his wife 's grave at the crystal lake cemetery when he was allegedly beaten with a snowbrush . after allegedly being attacked by a snowbrush on sunday , a bloodied nagobads managed to get back in his car and drive away . nagobads , who is recovering at home , said on tuesday that he sped to a nearby hospital following the beating . he told the star tribune that he suffered a slight concussion and was kept overnight for observation . video courtesy fox 9 . ' i brought new flowers and was just stooping down , ' said nagobads of honoring his wife velta nagobads who died in 2005 . nagobads said that by throwing his wallet in attempt to distract the teen he was able to get away without further harm . 'i’m so lucky . … i used that little trick and threw the wallet to get to my car ' about 40 yards away , the doctor said . as the boy picked up the wallet , nagobads continued , ' i was running … really fast . i was surprised how i could run like this . ' victory : he was the doctor fro the ' miracle on ice ' team that won the improbable gold medal in lake placid . miracle on ice : nagobads was team doctor for the famous ' miracle on ice ' team that won olympic gold in 1980 and that inspired the 2004 movie ' miracle ' . nagobads said that he bled heavily while behind the wheel of his car and risked being stopped by a cop . ' i drove way over the speed limit . if a cop catches me , that’s fine , ' he said he thought after the attack on sunday . witness justin mccarthy says he saw a young man around the age of 14 or 15 looking through a wallet near the mausoleum before fleeing by bicycle and jumping over a fence . ' i saw the kid there . i put two and two together , and i just got really mad , ' said mccarthy . mccarthy said he chased the teen but not very far . 'i’m 52 and i’m kind of fat . it wasn’t going to happen . … i was completely exhausted , ' said mccarthy . mccarthy said that nagobads told him , ' i gave him my wallet , and he still tried to kill me . ’ nagobads was the university of minnesota men 's hockey team physician for 34 years until his retirement in 1992 . he also worked for the minnesota north stars in the late 1980s and early 1990s . and he was team doctor for the famous ' miracle on ice ' team that won olympic gold in 1980 . he was played by kenneth welsh in the 2004 movie ' miracle , ' about the usa’s improbable gold medal run in lake placid . the cemetery is owned by bill mcreavy , who said , ' this is an isolated incident and we are looking at it very closely . ' unfortunately , it was n't captured on security video . spotted : witness justin mccarthy says he saw a young man around the age of 14 or 15 looking through a wallet near the mausoleum before fleeing by bicycle and jumping over a fence .  