sunderland are under pressure to suspend england star adam johnson after he was charged with grooming and three counts of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl . johnson , 27 , has been bailed to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 — the same day sunderland travel to arsenal — where it is expected the case will be sent to the crown court . if found guilty , johnson faces a lengthy prison term . sunderland chiefs held talks on thursday to decide johnson’s future , knowing that if they suspend their top scorer he would miss the club’s remaining six games . they are just a point above the barclays premier league drop zone and travel to stoke tomorrow . adam johnson leaves peterlee police station after being charged with three offences of sexual activity . johnson leaves the peterlee police station after learning of the charges against him . the 27-year-old looks on during sunderland 's 1-0 premier league win against newcastle earlier this month . johnson was suspended by the club after his arrest on march 2 but that was lifted when his bail was extended by five weeks a fortnight later . he returned to training under new boss dick advocaat and has featured as a substitute in sunderland’s last three matches , including the 1-0 derby win over newcastle . the suspension could now be reimposed . johnson is accused of three offences of sexual activity with a child , contrary to section 9 of the sexual offences act 2003 . the offences are alleged to have taken place between december 30 last year and february 26 . johnson has also been charged with meeting a child following sexual grooming under section 15 of the same act . gerry wareham , cps chief crown prosecutor for the north east , said : ‘ following an investigation by durham police , i have today authorised police to charge adam johnson , aged 27 , with four offences under the sexual offences act 2003 . johnson will now appear at peterlee magistrates court on may 20 . the england international ( right ) was wearing a black tracksuit as he attended the hearing in county durham . johnson was accompanied by his lawyer as the sunderland winger arrived at the police station on thursday . ‘ the offences are alleged to have been committed on one girl aged 15 at the time . we have reviewed the available evidence in accordance with the code for crown prosecutors and concluded that there is a realistic prospect of conviction and it is in the public interest to charge adam johnson . ‘ durham police have charged the defendant accordingly and he is due to appear before peterlee magistrates on may 20 . it is important that there should be no reporting , commentary or sharing of information online which could prejudice these proceedings . the complainant in this case is entitled to lifelong anonymity under the law . ’ sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .