a trim 120-pound mother-of-four set a new world record this weekend and earned $ 6,000 in prize money after downing three 72-ounce steak dinners in just 20 minutes . competitive eater mary schuyler accomplished the stunning feat in front of hundreds at the big texan steak ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday . schuyler is such a champ that the four teams of two that competed against her did n't even come close to winning - even though they were allowed to split their dinners . scroll down for video . winner , winner , steak dinner : molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at the big texan steack ranch restaurant in amarillo , texas on sunday . fast eater : the 120-pound mother-of-four ate three steak dinners - complete with sides - in just 20 minutes . worth it : for breaking the record for quickest steak dinner eaten and for finishing her three meals in under an hour , schuyler took home a grand total of $ 6,000 . in addition to the three massive 72-ounce steaks , competitors also had to eat three baked potatoes , three shrimp cocktails , three salads and three rolls for a whopping 15 pounds of food . while that might sound daunting to most , schuyler was confident that she would beat out the other competitors with her experience . ' they would have had to eat their half in like four minutes , ' schuyler told the amarillo globe-news . ' if you’re not used to doing this , four minutes is hard . ' filling : the dinner included three 72-ounce steaks , three shrimp cocktails , three baked potatoes , three salads and three rolls . champion : though her competitors were allowed to tackle the challenge in teams of two , none came close to winning the competition . she cleaned her plate : schuyler poses with a fan after the feat , showing off her belly bloated from the competition . however , she was a bit nervous about tackling a three steak dinners since she ate just two when she competed at the restaurant last year . ' i come in thinking i 'm going to fail , but you know if i win it 's a lovely parting gift and that 's cool , ' she told kfda-tv . ' i also get free steak so i do n't really lose . ' as the competition began , schuyler covered up with a pair of sunglasses and put up her sweatshirt hood to focus on the task at hand and finished her first steak in just four minutes and 18 seconds - beating the previous record she set last year of four minutes and 48 seconds . hundreds cheered her on below the competition table set up side the restaurant on a sunny day , as schuyler ripped her way through the steaks . competitors had an hour to finish their $ 72 dinners , in order to get them for free , but schuyler cleaned her plates in a cool 20 . and with enough time to spare , schuyler tried attacking a fourth steak but had to stop , saying she was tired of the taste . schuyler was born and raised in nebraska and currently residents in sacramento california . before her competitive food eating life , she worked as a bartender and server at applebee’s . in august 2012 , schuyler entered her first competitive eating competition , becoming the first woman to finish the stellanator at stella bar in omaha , nebraska . the stellanator includes six hamburger patties , six eggs , six pieces of cheese , six pieces of bacon topped with fried onions , jalapenos , lettuce , tomatoes , pickles , two buns and mayonnaise . another to add to the trophy cabinet : schuyler pictured above winning the z-burger contest in washington , dc last july . during the competition she ate 24 hamburgers in ten minutes . since then , schuyler has been competing regularly in food eating competitions - including one weekend in 2014 when she competed in four food competitions . on january 31 , 2014 , schuyler won wing bowl 22 in philadelphia , by eating 363 wings . the next day , she competed in and won both the ihop pancake bowl and the bacon-eating contest at the blue ribbon bacon festival in des moines . she finished out the weekend by taking on the adam emmenecker challenge at jethro’s barbecue . schuyler first took on the emmenecker challenge in december 2012 , when she became the first woman to complete the meal that includes a spicy pickle , bun , pork tenderloin , buffalo chicken tenders , white cheddar sauce , fried cheese cubes , texas brisket , applewood smoked bacon , cheeseburger and a pound of waffle fries ... in just 15 minutes . dessert : schuyler guzzles down 12 pounds of rice pudding in three minutes to set a new world record last year . hero : last year mrs schuyler smashed another record by demolishing a 12-pound sandwich , one pound of french fries and a large soda as part of the mad greek deli challenge in portland , oregon . schuyler started the competition at her normal 120 pounds , but by the time she was crowned winner , she had gained 15 pounds and her stomach noticeably filled out . her physique was quite a contrast to the larger men who decided to take her on in the eating competition including a team of two professional wrestlers and two members of the amarillo venum indoor football team . for setting the record for fastest eaten steak dinner , schuyler won $ 1,000 and another $ 5,000 for completing the challenge in less than an hour . what 's more - schuyler says she plans to come back next year and break her record , upping the ante to four steaks instead of three . bobby lee , the co-owner of the big texas , says the restaurant was floored by her performance and that they 'll be submitting her record to guinness . ' we 've been doing this contest since 1960 , and in all that time we 've never had anybody come in to actually eat that many steaks at one time- so this is a first for us and after 55 years of it , it 's a big deal , ' lee told abc 7 . schuyler started competing in eating competition in august 2012 , and has broken several records during her brief career . in january 2014 , she set ate 363 wings in just 20 minutes , earning $ 22,000 prize for that competition . 