thailand 's kiradech aphibarnrat produced a brilliant finish to claim his second european tour title and break chinese hearts in the inaugural shenzhen international on sunday . teenager li hao-tong looked to have done enough to secure a hugely popular victory on home soil , the 19-year-old emerging from a crowded leaderboard to card a closing 67 to finish 12 under par . that left overnight leader aphibarnrat two shots behind with two holes to play , only for the 25-year-old to hole from 18 feet for an eagle on the 17th and then miss from 12 feet for what would have been a winning birdie on the last . kiradech aphibarnrat poses with the trophy having won his second european tour title in shenzhen . the players returned to the 18th for the play-off and aphibarnrat completed victory in style , hitting his approach to virtually the same place as he had in regulation and this time holing the birdie putt after li had missed from long range . ' i have been struggling for a year , ' said aphibarnrat , whose previous win came in the malaysian open in 2013 . ' i lost my coach ( natpasit chokthanasart , who died in december 2013 ) , i changed my equipment and have n't been on the top of the leaderboard for a while but finally i can do it and it was great . ' i had a chance to win in 72 holes but the putt in the play-off is the best putt i have ever made in my life . ' aphibarnrat ca n't hold back his emotions , celebrating on the 18th green with his mother . aphibarnrat had been six shots clear of the field after 16 holes of the third round , but finished double-bogey , bogey to take a two-shot advantage into the final day . that was wiped out by a fast start from spain 's pablo larrazabal , who carded four birdies and one bogey in his first six holes , with aphibarnrat also dropping shots on the fifth and seventh . birdies on the ninth and 10th took aphibarnrat back into the lead as larrazabal fell away , but bogeys on the 12th and 15th opened the door for li to take over at the top thanks to birdies on the 11th , 13th and 14th . the 25-year-old was evidently emotional ( left ) , and congratulated by chinese teenager li hao-tong ( right ) . another birdie on the 17th made li odds-on favourite to become the first chinese winner of a european tour event on home soil , but the 19-year-old could only watch on television as aphibarnrat conjured up a brilliant finish . ' it 's been such a tough day today , ' aphibarnrat added . ' i did n't start well like the other days with three or four birdies , i was one over on the front nine and pablo was playing great to start . he put a lot of pressure on me . ' i tried to play more safe than the first three rounds because the wind was picking up and it was not easy to make birdies . i just tried to hit it on the greens but i was struggling with my putting , everything was too tight and i felt nervous on the front nine . ' special thanks to my caddie , he was always pushing me . when we were two behind on the last two holes he said you have not lost , we have not signed the scorecard yet and he was completely right and i just got the job done . ' england 's tommy fleetwood finished a shot outside the play-off after missing from long range for birdie on the 18th in a third consecutive 69 , with seven players tied for fourth on 10 under . aphibarnrat celebrates his second european tour title having prevailed on a play-off hole on sunday . overnight leader aphibarnrat poses with his trophy having won the inaugural shenzhen international .