a shocking video has been released showing four tourists they catching a bronzer shark in new zealand , dragging the thrashing creature in to shore and then pose for photos with the creature . andreas rasmussen , christian boyum johansen and johan berg are filmed by emil fogh , standing just centimetres away from the shark they 've captured in an activity that is terrifying but completely legal in new zealand , to the point it has become a competitive sport . one of the man stands at the water 's edge with a fishing line in his hands and the waves lapping at his feet when suddenly he launches forward , dragged by the great weight of the creature who has attached itself to his fishing line . the first fisherman is dragged deep into the water from the water 's edge within seconds when the mighty shark takes hold of the end of his line . once captured , one person brazenly opens the sharks mouth whilst the other removes the hook . the fisherman and his friends whoop with excitement , certain they have achieved their goal : to catch a shark . the line spins rapidly as their catch continues to swim around and the fisherman is pulled deeper and deeper into the water at an alarming rate . the fisherman 's friend grabs hold of his shoulders and together they pull against the shark on the end of the line , determined to bring it into shore . as one person holds onto the line , a massive shark leaps out of the water less than two metres away , thrashing violently to try release itself from the hook . the three men in the video cheer excitedly , without a hint of apprehension . the shark is then pulled into shore , its huge teeth less than a metre away from the feet of the man who brazenly jerks it in to land . as the fisherman is dragged after the shark , his friend grabs hold of his shoulder and they forcefully pull the shark closer in to shore . the video then cuts to a few moments later , as the shark , now inexplicably still and unresponsive , is pulled in to the sand by its tail . the three men on-camera comfortably stand next to the shark , centimetres away from its face and grab it by the head to release the hook . a man in shorts kneels next to the two metre shark in the water , holding it up by its fin and tail . the shark is then pushed back into water by its tail . for a moment the bronzer shark snaps its head around as if to attack , but it proceeds to swim back into deep waters . as it is legal to fish for sharks in new zealand , it has become a sport known as ' big game fishing ' in which ' shark anglers ' catch and release the creatures . one of the men stands just a metre away from the thrashing shark to pull it onto the sand . however , it crucial that the ' sport ' is only attempted by those that know the techniques which are safe for both the participant and the shark – to ensure everyone involved remains alive . for many new zealanders it has become a business to allow people , particularly tourists , to take part in the land-based shark fishing catch and release experience . companies promise that participants can expect to ' catch fish such as large tiger sharks and hammerheads ' in places such as new zealand 's tauranaga harbour . shark fisherman focus on using peep release techniques ' to send sharks happily on their way after gaining 'biggest-catch ' bragging rights . ' ' the ' catch and release ' philosophy is in keeping with new zealand 's dedication to conservation and sustainable fishing , ' according to the new zealand tourism guide website . ' even in non-release areas , many anglers adopt the catch and release principle , or simply bag only their last catch of the day to take home for eating . ' for the sea creature to survive , it is crucial that people engaging in big-game fishing handle their catch minimally . the fisherman whoop and cheer with delight as the bronzer shark desperately tries to escape . ' when using the catch and release method , anglers should realise that prolonged handling decreases the fish 's chances of survival , ' the website says . new zealanders even compete in big game finishing tournaments , including the ' ssi sharkin catch and release tournament ' , which will be held from may 1 and offers prize money for the biggest catch . there are about 113 species of shark in new zealand waters and of these more than 70 species are caught by fishers . in october 2014 new zealand finally banned the practice of shark finning , a move that was seen as finally diminishing a primitive practice and ' bringing the country in line with other developed nations ' . new zealand 's conservation minister nick smith said the move reinforced the country 's reputation for sustainability and environmental protection . a man grins widely as he holds the shark near the water 's edge with a hand on its tail and another on its fin - but the shark does not turn around to snap at its captor . the new rules made it illegal to remove fins from dead sharks and dump the carcasses at sea . it was already illegal in new zealand to remove fins from live sharks . shark fin soup is considered a delicacy by some in china . but the practice of shark finning has been condemned by many environmentalists as inhumane and wasteful . pew charitable trusts estimates at least 100 million sharks are caught commercially each year , threatening the survival of some species . new zealand officials estimate that commercial fishers catch about 20,000 tons of sharks annually and export about 121 tons of shark fins . imogen zethoven , director of pew 's global shark conservation campaign , said in an email the ban was an important first step , although was unlikely to reduce the numbers of sharks caught in new zealand . she said pew would like to see nations impose complete bans on catching shark species threatened with extinction , and sustainable catch limits placed on other species . the shark is then released back into the ocean and it quickly swims back into deep waters .