farmers and shearers across australia are ' prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry ' after peta released a confronting campaign accusing the wool industry of barbaric treatment of their sheep . the gruesome campaign , shows vegan lead guitarist of ' i killed the prom queen , ' jona weinhofen , holding a severed lamb alongside the words , ' here 's the rest of your wool coat . ' peta later admitted the lamb was a prop and made of foam even though they said the advert detailed ' the realities of the australian wool industry . ' the victorian farming federation launched an official complaint to the advertising standards bureau on monday . scroll down for video . peta 's latest campaign shows vegan guitarist jona weinhofen , holding a severed lamb actually made of foam . many have taken to social media to voice their disgust at the ' misleading ' and ' inaccurate ' advertisment . after the lamb was revealed to be fake , mr weinhofen took to social media to post an image of a real sheep . people for the ethical treatment of animals also accompanied a series of graphic videos along with the advert . the victorian farming federation launched an official complaint on monday . the disturbing clips showed australian shearers kicking , stamping and mutilating the creatures before stitching up their butchered wounds with a needle . the investigation posted on peta 's website states that this gruesome behaviour was observed in 19 shearing sheds across australia . ' shearers are often paid by volume , not by the hour , which encourages fast , violent work and can lead to severe cuts on sheep 's bodies , ' it said . ' large swaths of skin were cut or ripped off the bodies of many sheep by the shearers . ' the campaign aims to deter people from purchasing wool products and gives a number of alternatives such as cotton , linen and fleece . but many shearers , farmers and wool buyers have taken to social media to defend the industry and reject that the abuse is systematic across the country as this would cause a national scandal . the victorian farming federation also took to social media to vent their disgust at the advertisement . ' we 're prepared to fight tooth and nail for our farming industry today launching an official complaint to the advertising standards bureau on peta 's latest misleading and offensive campaign , ' they posted on their facebook page . the disturbing clips showed australian shearers kicking , stamping and mutilating the creatures . the campaign mainly aims to deter people from purchasing wool products and gives a number of alternatives . president of the victorian farming federation , peter tuohey , congratulated tv presenter gorgi coghlan after she voiced her strong support for the wool industry on the project on tuesday . the minister for agriculture , barnaby joyce has also voiced his outrage calling the campaign a ' load of rubbish . ' according to the weekly times , in their submission to the advertising standards bureau , the victorian farmers federation said the campaign ' denigrates , offends , belittles and insults every australian 's intelligence ' . ' the fact the lamb they are trying to represent is fake and made our of foam is grossly misleading and offensive , ' the submission says . ' the comments and allegations made by peta misrepresent and damage an entire industry . ' peta australia campaigns manager ashley fruno reminded the public of the content of the gruesome video . ' everyone keeps forgetting that there is a video that documents shearing leading to severe cuts on sheep 's bodies , ' she said . ' large swaths of many sheep 's skin were cut or ripped off by the shears . workers did n't give sheep any painkillers before using needles to sew up their flesh to try to close gaping , bloody wounds caused by shearing while the sheep writhed and kicked out in pain . ' but the president of the victorian farming federation , peter tuohey , congratulated tv presenter gorgi coghlan after she voiced her strong support for the wool industry on the project on tuesday . jona weinhofen has not been as grateful to the public after receiving many hateful comments since the advert . vegan lead guitarist of ' i killed the prom queen , ' has received negativity due to his involvement in the advert . ' well done gorgi coghlan for standing proud of the industry she grew up in . farmers take animal welfare seriously , ' he tweeted . the face of peta 's campaign , jona weinhofen has not been as grateful to the public after receiving many hateful comments due to his involvement in the advert . ' since my latest @ peta ad i have been constantly victimized by farmers , ' he tweeted . australia is the world 's largest wool exporter , gaining a revenue of $ 3 billion a year . the decision on whether the official complaints meets the board 's requirements for investigation will be made this week .