this is the shocking moment a bmw driver rammed a shirtless man in the street after a furious road rage row . footage shows how one of the men emerged from his black bmw with no shirt on before trying to punch the driver of a white bmw through his car window in east london . distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which culminated in the 25-year-old driver of the white bmw accelerating and hitting the other man in broad daylight . he briefly reversed before ramming into a white mercedes and white prius , appearing to trap the other man between the three cars . scroll down for video . a bmw driver rammed a shirtless man ( pictured ) in the street after a furious road rage row in east london . the driver of the white bmw briefly reversed before ramming into a white mercedes and white prius , appearing to trap the other man ( not pictured ) between three cars . the 25-year-old driver of the white bmw , from camden , was taken to hospital as a precaution and then arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm after the incident on april 9 . he was taken to a north london police station and later released on police bail . it is not clear what sparked the argument , but the footage shows the driver of the black bmw aggressively approaching the other car before preventing him from getting out . a bystander is seen trying to placate the driver of the black bmw , but he then started to punch the other motorist through the car window . distressed onlookers tried to intervene in the violent clash which saw the men swearing and shouting . the shocking footage then shows how the driver of the white bmw tried to get out of his car before ramming into the man he had been arguing with . one onlooker can be heard yelling : ' you killed him . ' once the man was freed after being trapped between the vehicles , he could be seen limping with a leg injury . a spokesman for scotland yard said : ' police were called to the scene of a fight between two men at curtain road at 5pm on april 9 . ' at some point during the altercation , it is believed that one of the men left the scene in his car and in doing so collided with two pedestrians and two other vehicles . ' the pedestrians struck by the vehicle were not seriously injured . ' the driver of the vehicle , a 25-year-old man from camden was taken to an east london hospital as a precaution . he was not seriously injured . ' he was subsequently arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm and was taken to a north london police station . he was later released on police bail to return on a date late in april . ' it is not clear what sparked the argument , but the footage shows the driver of the black bmw aggressively approaching and then trying to punch the other man through the window . once the man was freed after being trapped between the vehicles , he could be seen limping with a leg injury ( right , wearing black top ) .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .