an apartment house where only high-paying tenants can use the gym may be illegally discriminating , city human rights officials warned this week . it 's the latest salvo in an ongoing struggle between property developers to build or maintain rent-stabilized apartments alongside luxury units that go for thousands of dollars more a month . other building have installed so-called ' poor doors ' for use by rent-stabilized tenants while full-rent residents get to use the front door . dnainfo new york obtained pictures of the sign posted by property managers that warned only certain residents of the building were allowed access to the gym . the human rights commission said in a notice filed thursday that there 's enough evidence of age discrimination to merit a hearing on the stonehenge village complex 's fitness room . the rent-regulated tenants excluded from the gym are largely over 65 , while market-rate tenants are n't , according to a complaint last year from tenants ' association president jean green dorsey . scroll down for video . jean green dorsey says the refusal of landlords to let rent-stabilized tenants use the new gym facility in the building ' smacks of second-class citizenship . the gym that property managers opened in stonehenge village last year was closed off to anyone who lived in rent-stabilized apartments . the gym , pictured here in a photo obtained by dnainfo new york , was meant as a perk to lure full-price-paying tenants , who shell out $ 3,500-a-month for a one bedroom . dorsey said being barred from using the exercise room smacked of second-class citizenship for the rent-stabilized tenants who occupy about 60 percent of the more than 400 apartments in the complex on manhattan 's upper west side . she said friday she was hopeful the landlord would now let rent-stabilized tenants pay a reasonable fee to use the gym and have it continue to be free for their higher-rent neighbors . dorsey said tenants previously offered to do that but were rebuffed , spurring her complaint . ' you really should n't have to do all this to live a happy life , ' said green dorsey , 75 , who has lived in the building since 1972 . market-rate apartments go for $ 3,500 a month for one-bedroom units , which advertise granite counter tops , stainless steel appliances and close proximity to whole foods . the landlord , stonehenge partners inc. , had no immediate comment friday . stonehenge partners has said the gym was built last winter to entice market-rate tenants . ' any impact on rent-regulated tenants arises out of their length of tenancy in the building , ' not their age , ' and involves that person 's choice to remain in a rent-regulated unit at lower rent , ' the landlord 's lawyer , jerrold goldberg , wrote in a filing last year . the building advertises one-bedroom apartments for $ 3,500 a month that feature granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances . while city law prohibits discrimination based on age , it 's silent on the subject of rent-regulation status . stabilized tenants get valuable benefits of their own , like lower rent , goldberg noted . the building 's courtyard , laundry room and some other amenities are open to all residents , he added . stonehenge village is among several new york buildings that have spurred an outcry over separate entrances for lower-paying residents - dubbed ' poor doors ' - or playrooms , roof decks and other amenities reserved for market-rate renters . galled by seeing such arrangements in developments that often enjoy tax and zoning breaks for including affordable housing , some officials have sought to require more equal treatment . just this week , city councilman corey johnson proposed to require buildings to let affordable housing tenants use amenities . public advocate letitia james and several council members , including johnson , supported dorsey 's complaint . james said friday she was heartened by the rights commission 's finding . ' this will send a clear message : this is really just unacceptable , ' she said by phone . ' when you stigmatize individuals based their status as rent-regulated tenants , it was just inherently wrong and inconsistent with the general principles that we all hold dear . ' developers say the arrangements reflect business considerations , not prejudice , and ultimately contribute to more economically integrated environments . attracting higher-paying residents with amenities helps make it feasible to incorporate affordable housing in highly desirable areas , according to developers . green dorsey , meanwhile , says she 's eager to get into the gym .