brian o’driscoll believes roman abramovich style investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a european force but admits that scrapping the salary cap would be dangerous . with the french league becoming a honeypot for billionaire financiers – comic book tycoon mourad boudjellal has used his chequebook to turn toulon into double european champions – the gulf between clubs from the aviva premiership and the top 14 is bigger than ever . saracens are the only english team featuring in this weekend’s champions cup semi-finals and , with the west london side being major underdogs against clermont auvergne , ireland legend o’driscoll believes the domestic game needs to readdress the balance . brian o’driscoll believes huge investment is needed to turn english clubs back into a european force . o'driscoll says it 's a money issue for english sides and they need roman abramovich style investment . ‘ when you walk about french dominance , the teams are coming from france but the players aren’t , ’ said o’driscoll . ‘it’s a money issue – players are not just moving to france for a tan . the english utopia is that each club gets a roman abramovich , who makes it their little pet . ‘ then they are able to extend salary caps and attract better players . that married with the best of the english academy players coming through – of course they’d then be competitive again . but certain english clubs are being squeezed and the cap is there to save them . not many clubs are profitable and you have to be careful because the long-term picture could be trouble . ’ while toulon have flexed their financial muscles by recruiting international stars such as brian habana , matt giteau and leigh halfpenny , english clubs have found themselves priced out of the market for southern hemisphere superstars . the trend looks set to continue after the world cup , with all black trio dan carter , ma’a nonu and conrad smith among those already signed up by top 14 clubs . clermont , who face saracens in saint etienne on saturday , have an impressive raft of imports including jonathan davies , zac guildford and napolioni nalaga . the massif central outfit , according to o’driscoll , are the best club to never have been crowned european champions and should be the favourites for the title . new zealand 's dan carter has already signed with racing metro for after this year 's world cup . saracens ( pictured training this week ) are the only english team left in the champions cup . among those expats is full-back nick abendanon , who shone in the quarter-final victory over northampton . o’driscoll believes that , along with toulon flanker steffon armitage , the englishman should feature in this year’s world cup - calling for the rfu to activate the ‘ exceptional circumstance’ clause geared towards overseas players . ‘ from a player point of view : yes they should both be be picked , ’ said bt pundit o’driscoll . ‘ they are the players playing the best at the moment and you pick on form . but when you set out your stall early and you then have to backtrack a bit , i don’t know if you lose a bit of face . you create your own stick to be beaten with . ‘it’s better to have guys coming in during the autumn than guys coming in now for the august matches : hurry , hurry , get to know one another , get some chemistry . that’s difficult . but class is class . what is the balance you go for ? personally , i think you play the best players . ’ watch clermont auvergne v saracens exclusively live on bt sport 1 this saturday from 2.30pm . bt sport is the only place to watch top live matches from the european rugby champions cup , challenge cup and aviva premiership .