tim sherwood has insisted aston villa’s impending summer takeover is not a concern and he plans to build a squad in his image for next season provided the club stay up . randy lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer and should a new man claim ownership doubts will inevitably be raised about sherwood’s position . but the villa manager is fully focussed on steering his side to safety , before using the closed season to implement long-term plans . aston villa manager tim sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover . christian benteke celebrates scoring as aston villa thrash sunderland last month . benteke took part in aston villa 's training session on thursday ahead of their trip to manchester united . the forward was joined by midfielder fabian delph ( left ) who is fresh from international duty with england . delph ( centre ) and the villa squad were put through their paces ahead of saturday 's game vs united . ashley westwood ( left ) fends off a challenge from team-mate jack grealish ( centre ) on thursday . ‘ i haven’t heard that , ’ said sherwood . ‘ i mean there’s a buyer out there for man united probably – it’s going to have to be a rich one ! ‘ i think every club out there is for sale , i haven’t heard anything though . ‘it’s not a concern , i just have to do my job . my job is to prepare the team and keep them in the league this year . ’ villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th following late defeat by swansea in their last match before the international break . they face manchester united on saturday at old trafford before queens park rangers visit on tuesday night . sherwood added : ‘ i feel very pleased to have got the opportunity to manage this great club . it is a dream job for me if we stay in the league , it gives me a pre-season to build my own squad . ‘ i couldn’t have hand picked a better job , but we need to get over the line . it was obviously going to be a difficult task . nobody said it was going to be easy . there will be lots of ups and downs along the way but i’m confident we can do it . ’ sherwood overseas villa 's training session on thursday as they bid to avoid premier league relegation . sherwood laughs during an interview with chief sports writer martin samuel in february .