white solidarity groups in south africa are protesting over the removal of a statue of british colonialist cecil rhodes from the university of cape town . the monument of the controversial historical figure is set to removed today , after south africa’s oldest university voted to ditch it following a month of protests against the statue . members of the university council ordered that the bronze sculpture was removed , after hearing its presence made black students feel uncomfortable and was seen a symbol of historical white oppression . the defaced statue of british colonialist cecil rhodes is tied by straps to a crane before its removal at the university of cape town . it follows weeks of protests at the university over the symbolism of the statue . the monument has been vandalised in recent weeks . it has not yet been decided where it will be moved . the government has backed the move , and sandile memela , the spokesman for the arts and culture ministry , said they are working to see if the country can take an ‘ official position’ on statues and other colonial symbols . ‘ it marks a significant… shift where the country deals with its ugly past in a positive and constructive way’ , he said to press agency afp , adding the government did not encourage the violent removal of statues . but the decision to move the monument of rhodes – a 19th century imperialist who critics say helped pave the way for apartheid – has sparked protests in itself . on thursday morning , the youth wing of white afrikaner solidarity group afriforum handed a memorandum to parliament in cape town to ‘ demand protection’ for their heritage . the same statue was covered in plastic bags after protests by students and staff at the university in march . the university 's council heard that black students felt uncomfortable because of the bronze monument . politician and businessman cecil rhodes is called a ' racist ' by his opponents . born in 1853 , he made his fortune in diamond mines , and entered into politics as an outspoken supporter of colonialism . he later founded rhodesia - modern-day zimbabwe - which was named after him . he believed england was the ' master race ' , and wanted to draw a ' red line ' railway from cairo to cape town for the british empire - spanning the entire continent of africa . while his supporters say he brought political and physical infrastructure to south africa , others say his actions laid the groundwork for apartheid by restricting the rights of black africans to work . source : bbc , wikipedia . while they are not recognised as supporters of rhodes , statues of their heroes have been attacked during the university protests . a monument of former president paul kruger was splattered with paint , and afrikaner men , some of them in quasi-military outfits , demonstrated next to it on wednesday . ‘ the afrikaner is -- from a historical perspective -- increasingly being portrayed as criminals and land thieves , ’ solidary group afriforum said in a statement . ‘ if the heritage of the afrikaner is not important to government , our youth members will preserve our own heritage . ’ it has not been decided where the statue of rhodes will end up , although it will likely be held in a museum . but as tension grow on campuses about the statues of historical south african figures , jonathan jansen – the first black vice-chancellor of the university of the free state – denied that there was a race war coming . cecil rhodes , pictured on the right , in 1896 in rhodesia with an unknown companion and a black manservant . people look the defaced statue of former south african president paul kruger in church square , pretoria . he wrote in south african newspaper the times on thursday : `` the reason is simple : the overwhelming majority of south africans , black and white , believe in a middle path somewhere between reconciliation and social justice . ’ 