britain 's got talent judge amanda holden may look like the epitome of good health today , but the 44-year-old has revealed that she has fought through dark times to get here . in a new interview holden has admitted that her traumatic childbirth experiences left her needing therapy , but have also inspired her to live life to the full . in her cover interview for the june issue ofgood housekeeping , the mother-of-two talks about how it was therapy that saved her after she lost one child and nearly died after having another . scroll down for video . amanda holden , 44 , stuns on her cover shoot for the june 2015 issue of good housekeeping . holden , who married record producer chris hughes in 2008 , has two daughters , nine-year-old alexa and three-year-old hollie . although the actress now has a beautiful family , her pregnancies have been complicated , with one even ending in tragedy as amanda suffered a devastating miscarriage in 2011 , giving birth to a stillborn baby , theo , at seven months . and with the birth of now three-year-old hollie , the television star encountered serious medical complications and nearly died in the process , losing a dangerous amount of blood . following this near-death experience , holden was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder ( ptsd ) and the britain 's got talent judge initially struggled to cope with the trauma , turning to therapy to help . the blonde talks about her traumatic childbirth experiences as well as maintaining her youthful appearance . in the interview , holden says : ' my therapist told me i had no more tools or coping mechanism left . she was very good at giving me sentences to say to myself to make me stop panicking about my own mortality . ' i think you have none of these worries unless you’ve got children . if it had just been me and chris and i’d died , it would have been awful for him but nowhere near as bad as a child losing their mother . she adds : ' it makes you suddenly think , i have to live . i’ve got to live , but i’ve got to try and live a good , happy life for me too and i think that’s why i faced up to the fact that i needed to speak to somebody . it was a really good thing . i’m probably too open but i have no secrets . ' the radiant tv star also ruled out the possibility of trying for another child , but has found peace with it . holden says : 'i’m not allowed . i would be dead the next time . and i think chris would say you can have them but you’re not having them with me . 'i’ve got the two i’m supposed to have . i just had to complete my family to feel like i could be me . ' the presenter ( pictured right ) is best known as a judge of itv 's show britain 's got talent , with ( l-r ) alesha dixon , 36 , david walliams , 43 , and simon cowell , 55 . the stunning blonde always looks stylish for the shows in an array of on-trend outfits . through traumatic times , holden admits that her husband , chris hughes , has been a constant source of reassurance . she gushes : ' the minute i met him , my life changed so much for the better . he has a great perspective on life . ' he makes me stop , he’s given me my children and literally stood by my death bed and i really fancy him… ' . although they have a happy marriage , holden admits that nothing is perfect . she adds : ' how i feel about chris still feels new . we try to do date night but it fails dismally . we’re doing everything that you could possibly do wrong in a marriage ! ' 'we’re ignoring date nights and watching box sets but it’s working ! we feel stronger and it just feels new . chris is very funny , and in the face of adversity he’s so bad and verging on politically incorrect ! ' in the interview , the 44-year-old has admitted to getting collagen treatments to maintain her glowing appearance . amanda holden 's sister , deborah is currently caught in the chaos of the nepal earthquake . the tv presenter is currently consumed putting on a brave face , as recently news hit that sister deborah holden , is caught in the chaos of the mount everest avalanche disaster , which has so far killed 18 people . a couple of days ago , amanda made a desperate plea to have her sister brought home , as she is among the 70,000 survivors attempting to reach kathmandu to fly home . the full interview appears in the june issue of good housekeeping , on sale 1 may . also available in digital edition on apple newsstand . for further exclusive content , please go to goodhousekeeping.co.uk . holden will be on the cover of good housekeeping for the june 2015 issue . 