retiring 20-time jump jockey ap mccoy has fired a borrowed phrase from great olympian sir steve redgrave back at those who think he might perform a u-turn and reverse his plans to walk away from the sport . the 40-year-old rider , who has two final rides at sandown on saturday , said : ' to be fair to steve redgrave , you have to put your body through physical torture to try and win a fifth gold medal in boat . ' i can ride for pleasure and hopefully it will be less dangerous than it was when i was competing . ' no , that wo n't be happening ( riding ) . i 'm much too stubborn for that . i 'll be watching like everyone else . ' feel free to shoot me . i 'd rather you shoot me than me give in to the fact that i have to ride again , from a mental perspective . ' after winning a fourth olympic gold medal at atlanta , redgrave famously said : ‘ anyone who sees me in a boat has my permission to shoot me . ’ the front cover of the racing post ahead of ap mccoy 's retirement at sandown park racecourse on saturday . retiring jockey mccoy insists he will never return to professional racing after sunday 's sandown farewell . steve redgrave famously returned to success despite retiring and vowing never to return to action . those who doubt mccoy’s word will point out redgrave came out of retirement to claim a fifth olympic gold medal four years later in sydney . but mccoy is adamant his rides on mr mole and finally the appropriately named box office will be the last in a career which has seen him ride in over 16,500 races and record 4,357 winners . channel 4 have extended this afternoon’s broadcast so they can show how mccoy and box office perform in the 20-runner bet365 handicap hurdle at 4.25 . a sell-out crowd of 18,000 will be at sandown , the biggest attendance at the esher track since derby winner motivator won the 2005 eclipse stakes . meanwhile , arsenal fan mccoy will be allowed to keep the champion jockey trophy handed over to him by guest presenter ian wright . the trophy commissioned in 2007 has on it all the name of all the winners of the champion jockeys’ title going back to 1900 . the 20-time champion jockey will ride his last two races at sandown racecourse on saturday . arsenal fan and jockey mccoy will be handed his 20th champion jockey trophy by ex-gunner ian wright .