three teenage girls were rescued after their car careened over a 100-foot cliff in arizona and landed upside down on top of the 16-year-old driver who was thrown from the vehicle . the driver , who has not been identified , was trapped under the car for more than four hours during the incident that occurred on wednesday , but miraculously suffered only minor injuries . the girl was in stable condition and largely kept her cool during the ordeal , said fire capt . paul voakes of the pine-strawberry fire district . the two passengers , aged 16 and 17 , who have also not been identified were removed from the four-door sedan an hour after the accident . details were not immediately available on their condition , however officials indicated the injuries did not appear to be life-threatening . the driver of the car , a 16-year-old girl , was thrown from the car and trapped underneath for more than four hours after it veered off the road and dropped 100ft from a cliff landing on top of her ( above scenes from the wreckage ) . depression visible : it took emergency services around five hours to pull the teen driver , who has not been identified , from the wreckage and she only suffered minor injuries ( above the four-door sedan after it landed upside down ) . the driver of the car is believed to have only suffered minor injuries because of a depression in the roof of the car that created a space between the roof and the ground that enveloped her after the car flipped over and landed . this apparently stopped the full weight of the car from bearing down on her . ' it appeared her body occupied part of this space thus avoiding the full weight of the car , ' dwight d'evelyn , spokesman for the yavapai county sheriff 's office , said in a statement . it took dozens of emergency responders from multiple agencies about five hours to extricate the girl in a remote high desert area west of strawberry following the accident around 5.30pm . the two other passengers managed to climb up to the road when an ambulance crew responded to a 911 call from a passer-by , said voakes . rescuers used ropes to go down the cliff or hiked in via a creek bed to reach the upside-down car . the girls were returning from the popular fossil creek outdoor area when the accident occurred near the border of gila and yavapai counties . the driver apparently lost control after turning a curve too fast , according to voakes and the yavapai county sheriff 's office . the two passengers , aged 16 and 17 , who have also not been identified , managed to climb up to the road and were taken to hospital with what appears to be non-life threatening injuries . the driver was face-down and responders could see only one hand and a foot until using inflation bags and other gear to lift the car . ' when we first got there , she was pretty excited as i think anybody would be , ' said voakes . ' we calmed her down . ' ' we all met our end goals in getting her out of there . ' the driver and one of the passengers was flown to flagstaff medical center , and the other was taken by ground ambulance to the verde valley medical center in cottonwood . there was no sign of alcohol or drug use and authorities are not sure if the teens were wearing seat belts . the incident remains under investigation .