a high-flying tory mp has been ordered to remove ‘interfering’ tweets that risk derailing a murder trial amid claims he was exploiting the case to ‘ win votes’ . richard graham , who is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester , faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the high court to take down the twitter posts . at an extraordinary pre-trial hearing , the old etonian former diplomat was accused of posting the tweets to ‘ ingratiate himself’ with voters by ‘ whipping up local feeling’ about the forthcoming case concerning the killing of a teenager . richard graham , who is fighting to retain the marginal seat of gloucester , faces contempt of court proceedings if he fails to obey an order by the high court to take down twitter posts a court case . zac evans , 19 , was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in gloucester in january while apparently trying to protect a group of girls . the trial , due to take place in june , was originally set for bristol crown court , 30 miles from gloucester . but after mr graham called for it to be moved during an exchange in the house of commons and wrote to the lord chief justice , it was transferred to gloucester crown court . it was later switched back to in bristol following objections that gloucester would struggle to stage such an emotive case . zac’s family said they preferred the case to be heard in bristol . the high court heard concerns by defence lawyers that mr graham may have used his political influence to try to get the trial switched from bristol . they also argued that a number of his twitter posts could prejudice the trial if not removed from his twitter account . zac evans , 19 , was killed in a machete attack outside a pub in gloucester in january while apparently trying to protect a group of girls . barrister stephen kamlish qc , acting for the defendant in the murder trial , said in court that mr graham’s tweets were a ‘ clear attempt to win votes by ingratiating himself with his electors’ , the mp was ‘ potentially out of control on the issue’ and if he refused to remove his tweets or added to them , the defendant may not get a fair trial . mr justice hamblen ordered mr graham to remove the tweets ‘ as soon as reasonably practicable’ , and to say nothing more that could prejudice the trial . mr graham insisted he was right to speak out about the trial arrangements , but refused to discuss his tweets , which he said had been removed . on the suggestion that he had used the trial for electioneering , he said : ‘that’s rubbish . ' for an mp not to say anything about an event which filled the cathedral [ for zac’s funeral ] ... no mp is going to sit there and say nothing . ’ a spokesman for the judiciary said : ‘ the presiding judge for the area , in consultation with the resident judge , felt it was appropriate to try this case in gloucester . ' both have made it clear the letter from mr graham did not influence their decision . ’  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .