france legend serge betsen tells sportsmail where he thinks clermont 's clash with saracens at stade geoffrey-guichard will be won ... head to heads . wesley fofana v brad barritt . if there is one genius in french rugby at the moment , it’s wesley fofana . the kid is so talented and skilful that something happens every time he gets the ball so saracens will need to focus on him . he is up against brad barritt , who is not as easy on the eye but is a very solid unit for saracens — hence why they have made him captain . he reminds me of former british lions flanker richard hill — someone you don’t really notice but is so important for the team . clermont centre wesley fofana was in scintillating form during his side 's recent destruction of northampton . brad barritt is back to anchor the saracens midfield against the top 14 giants . julien bonnaire vs billy vunipola . julien bonnaire may be a flanker and billy vunipola a no 8 , but when you play flanker , you’re the first man who is going to tackle the no 8 . saracens will be looking to launch vunipola as chief ball-carrier from the back of the scrum and bonnaire will be there to stop him . fritz lee performs a similar running role for clermont , but vunipola is key to saracens’ game plan . no 8 billy vunipola is a saracens ' most devastating ball carrier and his power will be needed on saturday . brock james v charlie hodgson . how will brock james handle the occasion ? his skills and game management are second-to-none , but he has been known to succumb to the pressure on the big stage . saracens will try to get in his face early to disrupt the rhythm . charlie hodgson has been around for a long time now and is enjoying some good form . key areas . rush defence . a red and black wall of defenders stopped clermont from scoring a try in last year’s semi-final , which saracens won so ruthlessly . their defensive line was up so quickly and clermont were taken by surprise . when you play against that sort of rush defence , you need to stand deeper in attack and maybe exploit it by kicking over the top . but clermont are most effective with the ball in hand , especially with their back-three combination of noa nakaitaci , naipolioni nalaga and englishman nick abendanon . former bath full back nick abendanon is just one of several dangerous backs at clermont 's disposal . breakdown battle . in france , training is geared more towards flair and creativity so less time is spent working on the breakdown . during my time with wasps , we spent hours focusing on the post-tackle area . clermont will fear jacques burger after his performance on the flank last year and they must work hard to nullify him around the edges of the breakdown . the key for the french is to keep their discipline and not concede penalties . clermont will be wary of saracens flanker jacques burger following his tour-de-force in twickenham last year . silence the crowd . although this game is being played at a ‘neutral’ venue , it will still feel like a home game for clermont . the top 14 side have the best supporters in french rugby and it’s only a 90-mile journey to the stade geoffroy-guichard in st etienne for their fans , who follow their side everywhere . saracens must be wary of the reception they’ll get but they can keep the fans quiet by building an early lead . when clermont are behind , their heads can drop . but my gut tells me they will come away with the win today . clermont warm up in front of their fans at stade marcel michelin before their top 14 game against oyonnax .