coach leonardo jardim believes monaco 's march to the champions league quarter-finals is proof that clubs do not have to splash the cash in order to achieve european success . four years have passed since dmitry rybolovlev 's takeover prompted a slew of big-name arrivals at the stade louis ii , with the likes of radamel falcao , james rodriguez and joao moutinho signed for hefty transfer fees . but the russian billionaire has tightened the purse strings in recent seasons and , with most of monaco 's expensive signings subsequently moving on , jardim has been forced to nurture young talent after finding his options in the transfer market somewhat restricted . leonardo jardim addresses his players at training ahead of champions league match with juventus . the monaco coach insists he is proud after his side reached the quarter-finals without big investment . big money signings james rodriguez and radamel falcao ( right ) have left the stade louis ii . monaco 's new-found financial prudence is beginning to yield results , however , with les rouges et blancs third in ligue 1 and still in with a chance of qualifying for the semi-finals of european football 's premier club competition for the first time in 11 years . the principality club host juventus at the stade louis ii on wednesday looking to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the quarter-final first leg and jardim , who replaced claudio ranieri last june , is proud of what he has achieved in his 10 months at the helm . ' we went from the worst qualified team in the fourth pot , to winning the group , to knocking out a european giant in arsenal ( in the last 16 ) , ' he told bein sports ' the ligue 1 show . ' right now , you could say that monaco 's coach is very proud of his players . we 've shown that we do n't need to make big investments to go far in this competition . dimitar berbatov is convinced monaco can reach champions league semi-final at the expense of juventus . monaco are bidding to overturn a 1-0 deficit after defeat in the first leg in turin last week . monaco 's belgian midfielder yannick ferreira carrasco arrives fro training . ' the club changed its strategy and the project ( in the summer ) . they have stayed ambitious but the onus was placed more on the development of young players . ' jardim 's young guns will have to be on top form if they are to advance to the semi-finals past a juventus side 15 points clear at the top of the serie a standings and well poised after arturo vidal 's spot-kick winner in turin last tuesday . juve are bidding to reach their first champions league semi-final for 12 years and boss massimiliano allegri is taking nothing for granted ahead of wednesday 's encounter . ' the clean sheet at home gives us a slight advantage , even though it wo n't be straightforward , ' he told his club 's official website . ' we now know our opposition : they 're very well organised in defence and possess technique and physicality in forward areas . ricardo carvalho ( right ) , elderson echiejile ( left ) and alain traore arrive for training . the monaco squad warm up for training with a light jog ahead of the quarter-final against juventus . ' i 'm optimistic , even though we know we 'll have to put in a good performance and score to reach the next round . they 're a complicated side to play against . monaco do n't give you an inch out there . ' monaco will be without striker lacina traore and midfielder tiemoue bakayoko , who are both nursing leg injuries . juventus are without midfielder paul pogba ( hamstring ) and defender martin caceres ( ankle ) . 