a cat has laid a claim to having the loudest purr in the world because she makes noises as loud as a tube train . 12-year-old bluey has a growl which is louder than most cats can miaow , and has reached a maximum of 93 decibels - more than the official world record holder . despite her fearsome sound , bluey is said to be gentle and loving , and is currently in a rehoming centre in cambridge looking for a new owner . scroll down for video . noisy : bluey the cat could have the loudest purr in the world , according to staff at a rehoming centre . claire thomas , from the blue cross charity , said : ' we 've never had a cat in our care with a purr as loud as bluey 's . ' we thought it would be fun to see just how loud it is so we recorded it and it reached 93 decibels at its loudest , which is very impressive . ' though she 's surprisingly loud she 's a lovely cat and we 'd hate for it to stop her being rehomed . ' bluey went to the centre after her elderly owner had to go into care , and staff were shocked when they stroked her and she started growling like a dog . measurement : the loud cat has been clocked at more than 90 decibels using a sound meter app . homeless : bluey is looking for a new owner and is currently living at a centre in cambridge . her purr , which is almost four time louder than the average cat , has been keeping other animals awake at night . mis thomas added : ' bluey purrs all the time . she just has to see someone and she starts purring . she purrs when she 's playing and she purrs when she 's eating . ' we think bluey is a little deaf but that does n't stop her enjoying life . she 's such a happy , friendly cat and she will make such a loving companion . ' the noisy cat is well above the official world record holder smokey , who was recorded at 67.7 decibels in march 2011 , but her purr has not yet been officially certified . contender : bluey must now register with guinness if she is to win the official world record . a spokesman for guinness world records said : ' we 're intrigued by bluey 's talent and we would welcome an application from his owners so we can look into their claim . ' we would love to hear from them and strongly suggest they make an application for this record via our website . ' however , bluey 's new owner may have to take precautions , as scientists say noise levels over 90 decibels can cause hearing loss over a prolonged period .