ashley young has revealed the secret of his team-mates ' changing room playlist - and it 's not what you expected . young is known for being the resident dj at the red devils , but he admitted to being under strict orders from manager louis van gaal to play only house and funky house music . in an interview with mutv , the english winger is joined on the sofa by singer-songwriter olly murs , who asks whether or not his mainstream tunes are played in the old trafford changing room . video scroll down for ' dj ashley young ' revealing to olly murs he only plays funky house . ashley young meets olly murs outside manchester united 's aon training complex ahead of mutv filming . young met the popular singer-songwriter after training to star as a guest on mutv show thursday focus . former reds striker andy ritchie and helen evans hosted the light-hearted mutv programme . ' i would love to , ' responds young . ' but i 've been told by the manager i can only play funky house or house . seriously , he 's liking the playlist . ' it came as a big surprise to murs that the dutch master of ceremonies loves nothing better than to listen to undercover tunes with a funk-inspired bass line after guiding his side to victory . ' funky house ? ' responds murs . ' van gaal wants funky house ? ? can you imagine watching him coming out the shower [ shouting ] come on lads ! we just won ! ' united have been slowly resurgent since the turn of the year , with the 20-time english champions third in the barclays premier league and odds-on to secure a champions league return despite last weekend 's 1-0 defeat by chelsea . a mocked up image of how united manager louis van gaal might look in the old trafford dressing room . helen - the wife of united defender jonny evans - presented the programme on thursday alongside ritchie . young explains the changing room music protocol at old trafford to murs on the thursday focus programme . young has benefited from louis van gaal 's change in system and has made 24 appearances this season . whether or not funky house has been behind the club 's upturn in fortunes is open to debate , but young has been in fine form during united 's rise , playing a pivotal role in recent wins over newcastle and bitter rivals manchester city . red devils fan murs was invited on to the show , co-hosted by jonny evans ' wife helen , in between completing a run of three nights at the manchester arena as part of his ongoing uk tour . in the show , which is repeated this saturday on mutv at 9am , the former x factor contestant picks his all-time united xi , whilst young reveals what he can remember about a rather unfortunate incident on the opening day of the season at home to swansea . but the stand-out line of this week 's episode was the confirmation of van gaal 's penchant for funky house , which was on show at the amsterdam gay pride festival in 2013 . 