world no 1 novak djokovic has apologised to the startled ball boy caught in the crossfire of a tirade at his support team during his win over andy murray in sunday 's miami open final . djokovic lost his cool at the end of the second set as murray came back to take the match to a decider but has since expressed his regret at the incident in a video posted on facebook . during the rant , djokovic snatched a towel from the shocked youngster before umpire damien dumusois gave him a code violation for the outburst , saying it ' did n't look good ' as he sat down between the change of ends . novak djokovic issued an apology via facebook to a ball boy he frightened during the miami open . djokovic shouted at his backroom team after he lost the second set of the final to andy murray . the world no 1 grabbed a towel from the ball boy ( right ) who seemed startled by the loud confrontation . he said : ' it 's probably been the best start to a season aside from 2011 that i had in my career , and i ca n't be more grateful for all the support i 'm getting from you guys and i 'm enjoying my time playing and competing and hopefully i brought a smile to your faces . ' also i want to reflect on a bad moment that happened in the final against andy when i lost the second set . i yelled to my camp and my box in frustration . ' i saw the replay . unfortunately a ball boy was in the middle of it and i really , really feel sorry and regret that he was there . there was absolutely no intention whatsoever to hurt him or scare him in any kind of way . i sincerely hope he forgives me . i really apologise . ' djokovic then extended his apology to the boy 's parents . ' i do care about children a lot right now and i look at it in a much different way , ' he added . ' so i want to apologise to his parents for this situation as well . as a father i would n't wish that something like this happens to my son . the youngster was standing between djokovic and his backroom team during the heated exchange . ' again i sincerely hope you can forgive me and that we can move on . unfortunately sometimes the emotions get the better of you . ' also times as a professional athlete you learn how to control them and how to stay composed and mentally strong . but on a hot day like this when andy was playing well and pushing all my buttons it was n't easy . ' djokovic was feeling the pressure after murray fought back from a first set tie-break loss to win the second set in the blazing heat of key biscayne , florida . but the outburst seemed to take djokovic to another level as he rolled murray 6-0 in the third to claim his fifth miami open title . djokovic raises his arms after claiming victory over murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in the miami open final on sunday . djokovic hams it up with the butch buchholz trophy on the beach at key biscayne after his win in florida . djokovic kisses the tophy for the title he 's now won five times after beating murray , who is now world no 3 . djokovic relaxes on a pebble beach with his dogs pierre and tesla following his win in miami . 