swansea manager garry monk says he will listen to michu before deciding whether the spaniard has a future at the liberty stadium . the once-capped spain striker has spent a frustrating season on loan at napoli where injury has seen him make just five appearances for rafa bentitez 's serie a giants . michu scored 22 goals in his first season at swansea after signing from rayo vallecano for £2.2million in july 2012 and broke into the spain squad , but two injury-riddled campaigns since have raised doubts about his future in south wales . garry monk will hold talks with michu , pictured in 2013 , before making decision on spaniard 's future . michu recently said he did not know whether he would be returning to swansea after his spell at napoli . the 29-year-old told spanish newspaper marca last week he did not know whether he would be returning to swansea this summer to see out the final year of his contract - and monk was also giving few clues when the subject was raised ahead of everton 's barclays premier league visit on saturday . ' i 'm sure we will make contact with michu before the end of season , ' monk said . ' but we 'll let his season finish and our season finish before we sit down at some point to discuss the future . ' i know he 's had a difficult time with injury and his concentration right now is on getting back to fitness . ' he 'll want to finish the season off strong there and i 'll speak to him in the summer . ' i 'll get his side of things and where he wants to take his future and i 'll assess it from my side as well . ' monk has been keeping a close eye on michu during the spaniard 's loan spell at italian outfit napoli . michu scored only twice in the premier league last season before joining napoli and monk made it clear that the player was determined to head to italy . ' i had a good discussion with him last summer and this was the way he wanted to go with napoli , ' monk said . ' but he 's coming back to full fitness now and hopefully he will have a good end to the season there . ' i 've got a good relationship with michu , we were team-mates before i became manager , and i was fine with how he wanted to go . ' i 've kept an eye on him and it 's our duty as a club to understand what 's exactly going on with michu on a game to game basis . ' he has n't had a sustained period where he 's been fit and it 's always hard as a player when that happens . ' he 's been unfortunate , but if he get can a sustained period of fitness i 'm sure you 'll see the quality we 've seen here . ' monk has heaped praise on bafetimbi gomis following the striker 's recent fine goalscoring form . one player who has been fit and firing , however , is french striker bafetimbi gomis who has scored three goals in his last two appearances as swansea have recorded back-to-back wins over aston villa and hull to move within a single point of their best premier league haul with seven games still remaining . gomis had a difficult first half to the season playing second fiddle to wilfried bony but the ivorian 's initial £25million sale to manchester city has seen him become the club 's first-choice striker and he has grasped the opportunity in recent weeks . ' when wilfried left and he was starting games bafe was probably too eager to do well , ' monk said . ' his effort and commitment have always been great but he was trying too hard to score goals . ' he 's kept that effort and commitment but he 's probably more relaxed now , he 's showing his composure in games now and that is vitally important . ' 