if you’re fed up with repeatedly typing passwords , hovering your finger on a sensor or staring at your phone waiting for it to scan your face to unlock it , a new device could cure your woes . the salt card is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet by automatically making it come to life whenever the user is nearby . the credit card-sized gadget also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range at a distance of 10 feet ( three metres ) . scroll down for video . convenient : the salt card ( pictured ) is designed to end the tiresome task of manually unlocking a smartphone or tablet , by automatically unlocking it whenever the user is nearby . salt connects to an app on a user’s android handset or iphone via bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet , where the firm suggests the salt card is stored . the card was created by joel paglione and niko zistakis.. . they claim it will save people around 53 hours over a year , based on the belief that the average phone user unlocks their phone 150 times a day . the duo , based in chicago , illinois , came up with the idea as an increased method of security and a time-saving device and recently raised more than $ 82,000 ( £53,512 ) on kickstarter to put it into production . the salt card is made of durable plastic with a matte finish and is the same height and length as an ordinary credit card . however , it 's three times as thick because it has to be big enough to store the battery , which lasts for 18 months . the credit card-sized gadget ( illustrated ) also locks devices again as soon as a user moves out of range . it connects to an app on a user’s android handset or iphone via bluetooth and also tells them if they have strayed too far from their wallet , where it is suggested the salt card is stored . the start-up claims that its salt card is more secure than fingerprint scanners , such as the one in apple 's iphone 6 handset ( pictured ) and it can be used with gloves in the winter . chip maker qualcomm has unveiled its sense id 3d fingerprint scanner - the first biometric sensor using ultrasonic technology . it uses ultrasonic sound waves to capture the ridges , sweat pores and more on the tip of a finger in greater detail than capacitive touch id sensors seen on the likes of apple and samsung devices . this not only makes it more accurate than other sensors , but it will also work even if the user’s hands are wet or have dirt or lotions on it , for example . phones running sense id are expected to launch later this year , but qualcomm did not reveal to mailonline which devices or manufacturers it is working with . setting up the card is said to be simple , as users only have to enter the unique 12-digit code printed on the front of the card in the ios or android app to register it as their own . from then on , their phone automatically unlocks when they move within 10ft ( three metres ) of it . it does this thanks to a bluetooth chip that emits a low-frequency signal that can be read by the phone , but does n't consume the battery , according to the start-up . ‘ you do n't have to connect it your phone like you normally do with bluetooth - it basically acts as a beacon and finds your phone , unlocking it , ’ mr paglione said . the card sends notifications to a user’s phone if they leave their wallet containing the card behind , as well as telling them the last location they had it . in the future it will be possible to change the proximity needed for the card to unlock the phone . ‘ so you could set it for 30 feet ( 9 metres ) when you 're in your house so you do n't have to put in your pin at home , but when you 're out you might want it so it only unlocks when the card is in your hand , so you could set it to one foot proximity , ’ he explained . it is claimed that the card will save people around 53 hours over a year , based on the time it takes to type a password into their phone 150 times a day . the card costs $ 20 ( £13 ) and can be ordered from the company’s website . mr paglione , 30 , said that as well as being tedious , constantly entering a password can be a security issue because criminals can spot a pattern and there are cameras everywhere . ‘ many people are looking for additional ways to secure their phone and people are always looking for ways to save time , ’ he said . however , it may appear that if a user 's handbag is stolen with their wallet including the card and their phone inside , salt may prove less secure than a stanard password . mailonline has asked the firm is this is the case . mr zistakis , an architect by profession , developed a prototype using a bluetooth headset and then mr paglione added his manufacturing expertise to create the product . he conceded : ‘ there are other people doing similar things , but the difference is we have put it into a device that can be hidden away and at $ 20 it 's very affordable . ‘ the card is waterproof , so you could go swimming with it . ’ there are already key fobs that can unlock handsets and many people no longer input a pin , instead using biometric technology , such as fingerprint scanners and face scanners , to unlock their smartphones . the iphone 6 , for example , has touch id , which enables users to unlock their handset by placing their finger on a button for a couple of seconds , while fujitsu recently unveiled an iris scanner at mobile world congress that uses infrared light to unlock a handset . but the pair of salt card inventors say that phone unlocking is just the beginning for them and in the future , they hope to develop the idea as a platform for communicating with all sorts of electronic devices . ' one day we 'd like the card to communicate with doors , unlocking as you approach them , lights turning on and off or you walk into a restaurant and you wo n't need to let them know you 've arrived , it 'll just book you in , mr paglione said . there are already key fobs that can unlock handsets and many people no longer input a pin , instead using biometric technology such as fingerprint scanners and iris scanners ( illustrated ) to unlock their smartphones . fujitsu has developed a ‘ custom compact and high-output infrared led’ , and a custom infrared camera . these were combined with fujitsu’s camera controller technology and biometric-authentication technology . it identifies a person by scanning the pattern of their iris . the pattern doesn’t change significantly after the age of two , and it is difficult to injure its surface and difficult to forge . movements of the smooth muscle of the iris make the eye’s openings larger or smaller , which in turn adjusts the amount of light that enters the retina . for its prototype , fujitsu has built a miniature scanner so it fits on the front of a smartphone . it recognises the pattern by shining an infrared led light on the sensor into the eyes and taking a picture of the pattern with the infrared camera . this pattern is registered and linked to the user . each time they look at their phone , the sensor scans their eye , matches it with the stored image and unlocks the device . ‘ the system can reliably authenticate the detailed patterns of the iris and that can be used in most everyday situations , ’ a spokesman for fujitsu told maionline . ‘ this can be used at a normal smartphone viewing distance , rather than within the 10cm range most existing iris recognition systems require . ‘ and in safety testing , the infrared led light was verified to be safe for the eyes . ’