a skywest airlines pilot plunged a plane carrying 75 passengers into a terrifying dive on wednesday after a reported , potentially catastrophic loss of cabin pressure in mid-air . frightened passengers held their heads and prayed as flight 5622 , operating as a united express , dropped nearly 30,000 feet in eight minutes and made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york . the situation arose about an hour after take-off , when three passengers on the embraer 175 twin-jet from chicago to connecticut lost consciousness and others began feeling dizzy and sick . when the plane landed , skywest initially claimed that the aircraft landed ' out of an abundance of caution ' because of one sick passenger and denied there was any mechanical malfunction - which conflicted with reports from people on the plane . late on wednesday , the airline said new information from medical personnel confirmed that ' a total of three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight ' . scroll down for video . emergency responders came onboard skywest flight 5622 after it made an emergency landing in buffalo , new york , on wednesday following a reported loss of cabin pressure . mary cunningham , a nurse , who was on board the flight assisted one passenger who passed out , getting her oxygen . she said that the plane did not land because of just one person 's medical emergency as a lot of people on board began to feel dizzy and unwell . passenger frank angelo said he immediately feared for the safety of his wife and kids as the plane ' nosedived ' 30,000 feet in just eight minutes . ' you could feel something in the air , something just was n't right , ' recalled one passenger before the plane plunged miles in mere minutes . passenger larry johnson , right , said : ' a lot of people with their heads down praying . it just felt like a re-enactment ' emergency nurse , mary cunningham , said she helped treat an unconscious passenger when another passed out beside her and others nearby started feeling faint . ' the flight attendant and myself started not feeling very well while we were in the middle of the flight helping out . i had to sit down . i was short-of-breath , light-headed [ and ] did n't feel great , ' said cunningham to nbc connecticut . initially , reports came in that a cabin door had opened during the flight , leading to dramatic loss in cabin pressure . when the plane landed at 11.40am , the faa issued a statement saying the crew ' reported a pressurization problem and declared an emergency ' , shortly before landing in buffalo . however , in a second statement the faa put out on wednesday afternoon , there was no mention of a ' pressurization ' issue . when contacted by the la times to explain this , a spokesperson for the faa would not say why the change was made . however , an official with knowledge of the incident told the la times that crew members did report that a door had come open at 38,000 feet and was causing ' rapid depressurization . ' on landing this was declared untrue and skywest airlines said they were examining what happened on the aircraft midflight . skywest spokeswoman marissa snow said : ' there were no reports before the unconscious passenger prior to the initiated descent , but i ca n't speak to what may have been the specific cause of their feeling ill . ' skywest added that there was no indication of any problems with the doors and that its mechanics were inspecting the aircraft . nose dive : emergency vehicles surround a skywest airlines plane , operating as united express , that made an emergency landing at buffalo niagara international airport on wednesday . flight 5622 , from chicago to hartford , made an emergency landing in buffalo . passenger , dave barkley , 46 , told the la times that he was sat near the front of the aircraft and he saw a flight attendant race to the cockpit and tell the pilot passengers were falling unconscious . suddenly , the pilot announced the plane was going to begin an emergency landing over detroit . ' they said there was a pressure problem with the plane , ' he said . ' there was no door flying open or anything like that . it was something very gradual . ' barkley said that while the passengers were calm , he was annoyed about with public statements the airline has made . ' the way skywest is reporting it is that someone got sick , and they had to land , ' he told the la times . ' but the way we understand it , they got sick because of the lack of oxygen or lack of pressure in the plane . ' a nurse flying on the embraer 175 twin-jet described a growing sense of panic and hysteria as she herself began to feel ill while treating two women who had passed out . it was at that moment the pilot took decisive action and put the plane into a steep dive rather than take any risks . ' the passenger was lethargic . she was responding but her color was off . she did n't look good . we got her some oxygen . she was much more alert after getting the oxygen , ' the nurse , mary cunningham , tells nbc connecticut . cunningham says she returned to her seat once the woman felt better . it was then when she says the woman sitting behind the first passed out , as well . then cunningham , herself , took a turn . passengers arriving at buffalo niagara international airport react to the group of media gathered to report on a skywest airlines plane that made an emergency landing after one passenger aboard flight 5622 lost consciousness and the pilots rapidly descended ' out of an abundance of caution . ' courtesy wkbw . ' the flight attendant and myself started not feeling very well while we were in the middle of the flight helping out . i had to sit down . i was short-of-breath , light-headed [ and ] did n't feel great . ' passenger larry johnson said , ' a lot of people with their heads down praying . it just felt like a re-enactment . ' while another passenger said , ' you could just feel something in the air , something just was n't quite right . ' for nearly eight minutes , the plane descended at a very steep incline , dropping as fast as 7,000 feet per minute , while flying over lake erie , flight tracking service flightaware said . the flight originated in chicago and had been bound for bradley international airport in windsor locks , connecticut . it landed at buffalo niagara international airport in buffalo at about 11:40 a.m . skywest inc. , which is based in st. george , utah , said the jet landed safely and a passenger received medical attention before being released . an additional 15 adults and two children were evaluated upon landing , but none required treatment outside the airport , airport spokesman c. douglas hartmayer said . ' anyone who said they did n't feel well was treated at the gate , ' he said . ' we want to understand the circumstances and what skywest knows before we decide what , if any , action we would take , ' said kelly nantel , spokeswoman for the national transportation safety board . snow said the plane 's oxygen masks did not release . according to wkbw , one passenger said the plane ' nosedived ' and crew told fliers that there was a loss of cabin pressure , but that turned out not to be true . skywest has 29 embraer 175s in its fleet . the aircraft seats 76 passengers with two flight attendants . in a statement , the faa said : ' skywest airlines flight 5622 , an embraer e170 aircraft , landed safely at buffalo international airport at 11.40am after the crew declared an emergency . ' the faa will investigate . ' the skywest flight made an emergency landing at buffalo airport ( pictured ) on its journey from chicago o'hare to bradley international airport in connecticut .