radio dj neil fox forced himself on a girl of 13 at a theme park after she asked him to pose for a photo , it was alleged yesterday . fox – known to his millions of listeners as dr fox – also indecently assaulted two star-struck girls under the age of 16 at a motor show , a court heard . the 53-year-old is accused of a total of nine offences against three girls and three women over 23 years . one alleged victim says fox repeatedly assaulted her at capital radio’s studios in leicester square . scroll down for video . support : dj ' dr ' neil fox leaves court with his wife vicky where he denied nine sex attacks on six victims - including three children . two others say they were sexually touched against their will by him at magic fm’s studios in central london . fox denies seven counts of indecent assault and two counts of sexual touching without consent against six females between 1991 and 2014 . as the charges were put at westminster magistrates court , his barrister jonathan caplan qc asked for reporting restrictions to be lifted because there had been false statements about the charges on social media . fox , who wore a dark pinstripe suit and was accompanied to court by his wife vicky , asked for his case to be heard by a district judge at the court , rather than facing a jury trial . prosecutor darren watts told the court : ‘ the crown argue that the complaints show a consistent and determined pattern of sexual predatory behaviour . ’ he said fox , a former pop idol judge , allegedly assaulted two girls at a motor show in bromley , south east london , in the summer of 1991 while appearing there as a dj . mr watts said : ‘ in relation to the first allegation the complainant was approximately 13 or 14 years of age . she ... asked for a photograph with him and he is said to have kissed her and forced his tongue down into her mouth . ’ fox , who denies sex attacks on women and children , smiles after he left today 's hearing . a second teenager alleged fox kissed her and put his hand up her skirt . the attack on the 13-year-old girl at chessington world of adventures in surrey took place in 1996 and allegedly involved fox forcing his tongue into her mouth after she asked for a photo . he faces four charges of indecent assault against a former female colleague at capital radio , where he worked from 1993 to 2005 . the woman claims he squeezed her breasts and would regularly grope her bottom . fox , of chelsea , was granted bail and is next due in court on april 30 . fox was first arrested in september last year and the dj , who categorically denies the allegations , was then questioned for more than seven hours over four alleged offences . at the same time , officers swooped on his £3million home . darren watts , prosecuting said : ' in relation to the second allegation the victim was approximately 15 , at the same motor show . ' the defendant was present and has again been asked for a photograph , and it is alleged he kissed her - forcing his tongue into her mouth while putting his hand up her skirt and touching her bottom . mr watts explained that the next four allegations related to the same victim , a woman over 16 years old , at capital radio between 31 january 2003 and 31 december 2003 . ' in four separate incidents he has shown unacceptable behaviour , ' mr watts said . ' the first time he has put his arms around her , squeezing her breasts tightly . ' he would regularly touch her bottom , be that a caress or a squeeze . ' the third incident happened while he was in the recording studio - he bent her over from behind and stimulated sex . ' mr watts said on the fourth occasion fox had touched the woman between her legs , albeit over clothing .  defence : lawyers for the 53-year-old , from fulham , south west london , said he ' categorically denies ' the allegations . the final two allegations of inappropriate touching are said to have taken place at magic fm between january and november 2007 , and march and august 2014 . ' the next incident ( eighth allegation ) happened in the work place , ' mr watts said . ' it is said the defendant started touching her and putting his hand up her top , exposing her bra and breast . ' suspended : dr fox is one of britain 's most famous djs but has been unable to work since his arrest . fox then allegedly pushed her onto a sofa and simulated having sex , the court heard . the final incident also took place at magic , where fox is said to have approached a woman from behind and said ' oh , i have just got to , ' before kissing her on the shoulder . he allegedly said to her : ' you look as if you taste so good . ' charge one : indecent assault on a girl under the age of 14 years in bromley in 1991 . charge two : indecent assault on a girl under the age of 16 years in bromley in 1991 . charge three : indecent assault on a girl under the age of 16 years at chessington world of adventures in 1996 . charge four : indecent assault on woman over 16 years of age in 2003 at capital radio . charge five : indecent assault on woman over 16 years of age in 2003 at capital radio . charge six : indecent assault on woman over 16 years of age in 2003 at capital radio . charge seven : indecent assault on woman over 16 years of age in 2003 at capital radio . charge eight : sexual assault on a female in 2007 in central london . charge nine : sexual assault on a female in 2014 in central london . mr caplan said it was ' regrettable ' that he had to apply for reporting restrictions to be lifted , but qualified he was doing this to ensure a ' fair trial ' for his client . mr caplan added that misreporting in the press and on social media as to what the allegations and charges amount to had ' courted inferences ' about the allegations which were ' wholly wrong . ' he said the alleged offences amounted to ' inappropriate kissing and touching over clothing . ' mr fox , started his career in local radio before moving the radio luxembourg and later capital fm . there he presented in a number of slots , rising to fame as a dj in the early 1990s . in 1993 he was given the job of hosting the pepsi network chart on sunday afternoon . the top 40 show soared in popularity and at one time had a bigger audience than its radio 1 rival . he was later rumoured to have been offered the coveted breakfast slot on radio 1 , following the departure of chris evans . fox went on to present a channel 5 tv show based around the pepsi top 40 chart and has won numerous awards throughout his career . but he is perhaps best known as one of the judges on pop idol , a forerunner of x factor , alongside simon cowell , pete waterman and nicki chapman . the series ran on itv from 2001 to 2003 and set the format of tv talent shows based on audience voting for the next decade . two years later fox took the breakfast show chair on 105.4 magic fm and has remained there ever since . the presenter ( left ) is perhaps best known as one of the judges on pop idol , a forerunner of x factor , alongside simon cowell ( second from right ) pete waterman ( right ) and nicki chapman ( second from left ) .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .