they 're national sweethearts and two of television 's golden girls . and now , presenters holly willoughby and davina mccall have joined forces in their first campaign together . the presenters star in the campaign , which celebrates finding their perfect hair shade with garnier nutrisse - and , of course , they show off their glossy locks in the shoot . holly , 34 , and 47-year-old davina can be seen cuddling up to each other and larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache . holly willoughby and davina mccall have joined forces in their first campaign together for garnier nutrisse . speaking about the new campaign , this morning presenter holly said : ‘ i absolutely loved shooting with davina , she is such an iconic brunette . ' davina and i have found our perfect colour matches . now we’re joining forces together to help uk women find their prefect shade too . my chosen shade is 10.01 it is the perfect multi- tonal blonde that is just me . ' davina added : ‘i’ve worked with garnier nutrisse for over 10 years and it was brilliant to star alongside the beautiful blonde holly in this campaign . my perfect match is garnier nutrisse 4.3 . i’m 60 per cent grey and have to dye my hair every three to four weeks otherwise my roots grey . ' it 's been a busy month for holly , who wakes up the nation on this morning , has added another string to her bow by designing a range of vintage-inspired clothes for babies . holly , 34 , and 47-year-old davina can be seen larking around with their hair pulled over their mouths to resemble a moustache . speaking to femail about her latest project with bhs , holly said : 'it’s something i have been passionate about for quite some time ; this project has been about 18 months in the making . ' i have a style that i have tried to bring into this range , which i hope feels fresh and blends the modern with vintage . ' the range has a strong vintage feel running throughout and each piece has an element that is reminiscent of a bygone era , from delicate frills to smart pinstripes . holly , who is mother to harry , belle and chester , certainly has experience when it comes to dressing little ones - and said she designed her new range with her own offspring in mind . ' i love the vintage florals , the soft tones and the fresh cotton dresses , ' she said . speaking about the new campaign , this morning presenter holly , left , said : ' i absolutely loved shooting with davina , she is such an iconic brunette ' . if that was n't keeping her busy enough , the presenter managed to find time to extend her home range with sir philip green 's high street store , too . davina , meanwhile , reaffirmed her commitment to matthew robertson , her handsome spouse of 15 years , as the couple renewed their wedding vows in the desert gambling haven on las vegas last weekend . after the ceremony at the little white wedding chapel , the mother-of-three took to instagram to share a shot of herself dressed in a white sleeveless top and shorts as she posed beside her man . davina also revealed that the couple 's three children - holly willow , 13 ; tilly pippy , 11 , and eight-year-old chester micky - had a big hand in the ceremony . in another instagram post , she revealed : ' the kids wrote our vows ... it was funny and more moving than i thought it would be . ' the family have since embarked on a road trip around california , visiting the picturesque coastal town town of carmel , where clint eastwood served as mayor for two years from 1986 . davina reaffirmed her commitment to matthew robertson , her handsome spouse of 15 years , as the couple renewed their wedding vows in the desert gambling haven on las vegas last weekend .      