would you like a side of pot with your main course ? food pairing menus are all the rage these days , with beers , wines and even coffees all getting the matching makeover from experts . but one us restaurant has taken things a step further by matching their mains to marijuana . bright spark : the amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc , us , is the first restaurant in the country with a menu that matches cannabis to food . canny move : the restaurant 's menu pairs five falafels to five strains of marijuana . amsterdam falafel shop in washington dc , us , has launched its pot-pairing menu which matches five falafels to different strains of weed . this is strictly a take-away operation though , as those who like to indulge wo n't be able to smoke on the premises . owners arianne and scott bennett devised the rather sophisticated falafel toppings best eaten when smoking different strains of marijuana . for those who like to imbibe in some og kush , the restaurant recommends a falafel sandwich of baba ganoush , beetroot , pickled turnips , coleslaw , garlic parsley and tahini . if it 's an afghani strain that 's got you excited , then opt for sliced cucumber , onion and dill salad , fried aubergines , and thinly layered garlic cream . according to the menu , this is the best combo for that particular strain as the 'pot/sandwich pairing has been known to induce intense relaxation . ' the falafel topping counter at the restaurant includes julienne vegetables , salads and various dips . if you 're looking for more of an energetic experience , the menu advises to pair a baba ganoush and chickpea , pickle , tomato , cucumber , tahini and red pepper sauce salad with a cactus joint . ' this pairing has been known to induce an uplifting , energizing and euphoric effect , ' the menu states . sparking up lemon haze ? go for a hummus , yoghurt sauce , garlic parsley , crunchy onion , pickled cauliflower and turkish salad combo ; a pairing which will give you ' energy and creativity . ' it 's pairing different weed with different types of food , ' mr bennett said to fox news . ' you 're tasting different things . i mean , different weed taste differently . ' a law was passed in february this year which made it legal for washington dc residents over the age of 21 to possess , grow and smoke recreational marijuana . there is a limit to the quantity users can possess and usage in public as well as sales within the dc limits is prohibited .