ronnie o'sullivan will tackle a crucible debutant in the first round of the betfred world championship which starts in sheffield on saturday . five-time winner o’sullivan will face manchester’s craig steadman , who at 32 is set for his bow at the sport’s most prestigious tournament . steadman visited the theatre to watch his friend nick dyson play ken doherty in 2001 , but said : ‘ i told myself i’d never go again unless i was playing . ronnie o'sullivan will play 32-year-old debutant craig steadman in the first round of the world championship . defending champion mark selby will play norwegian kurt maflin at the crucible on saturday . mark selby v kurt maflin . stephen maguire v anthony mcgill . joe perry v zhang anda . shaun murphy v robin hull . barry hawkins v matthew selt . mark allen v ryan day . ali carter v alan mcmanus . neil robertson v jamie jones . ding junhui v mark davis . john higgins v robert milkins . marco fu v jimmy robertson . judd trump v stuart carrington . ricky walden v graeme dott . stuart bingham v robbie williams . mark williams v matthew stevens . ronnie o'sullivan v craig steadman . the tournament runs from april 18 to may 4 . ‘ as a snooker player it’s not nice to sit there watching when you could be playing . 'you’ve got to earn a right to be there and i’ve done that now and it’s brilliant . ‘ when you get to the crucible , i’ve heard horror stories about walking down the stairs and your legs start crumbling . ' i wouldn’t have minded getting there when i was 18 , when i had a full head of hair and i was better looking . ’ defending champion mark selby will also tackle a debutant in norway’s kurt maflin . maflin came through 10-9 in the final qualifying round against irish veteran fergal o’brien . judd trump faces another tournament newcomer . grimsby’s stuart carrington , a player he faced frequently in the junior ranks , will provide his first opponent . the fourth crucible novice this year is scotland’s anthony mcgill , who plays fellow glaswegian stephen maguire . the tournament runs from april 18 until may 4 .  