stuart broad came through an injury scare and jonny bairstow fell just short of a century against his own team-mates as england 's test warm-ups descended into a glorified training drill . events at lord 's , where the decision was made to cull england and wales cricket board managing director paul downton , seemed rather more relevant to the future of english cricket than the mix-and-match day at warner park , where four members of the touring party were parachuted in to bolster the local team . jonathan trott ( nought ) and gary ballance ( 17 ) largely failed to do so , but bairstow made 98 and joe root ended the day 87 not out in a score of 303 for nine . england paceman stuart broad ( left ) bowls at jonny bairstow on wednesday . it seemed entirely in keeping with the unsatisfactory nature of england 's test preparation week that bairstow , the only member of the seconded quarter not likely to feature in the series , had the most productive day . at least broad averted serious injury when he collapsed clutching his left ankle in the second over . broad initially looked in trouble when his boot slid through the crease and he tumbled to the ground , and coach peter moores was concerned enough to stride out to the middle to assess the damage . but he spent just short of an hour off the field with an ice pack and later returned to the attack . broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle following his fall . broad was concerned enough about the run-ups to summon the groundstaff the ball before coming to grief . he initially suggested bowling round the wicket in search of firmer footing but decided to go back to his original angle of attack after sawdust was applied . when he went down the game was just 10 balls old - the same number of deliveries that were possible in the infamous abandoned test in antigua six years ago . by that stage , the first of england 's honorary kittitians had already come and gone . england captain alastair cook ( right ) watches on as ground staff make running repairs to the crease . trott opened the batting but lasted just three balls , guiding james anderson straight to james tredwell at third slip . that was hardly the added steel england were looking for . the same was largely true of ballance , who seems short of his best after a troubled world cup , and managed only 17 before an ill-judged cut against tredwell ended up in jos buttler 's gloves . ben stokes had earlier ripped out shane jeffers ' middle stump and tredwell had sherwin peters lbw offering no stroke . bairstow , whose likely test role is as buttler 's back-up , reached lunch on 33 not out in a score of 55 for four . bairstow fell just short of a century against england on wednesday . he continued to score briskly in the afternoon and was just two short of a ton when stokes found his outside edge to have him caught behind . the game lacked all semblance of competitive edge , even as root compiled a trouble-free half-century of his own , but there were some possible pointers ahead the first test in antigua . james tredwell clearly outbowled adil rashid in the race for the spinner 's role and chris jordan failed to take a wicket despite seeing plenty of the ball . he came into this game in pole position but could fall behind liam plunkett or mark wood , who will open the bowling for st kitts & nevis on thursday morning . jonathan trott opened the batting st kitts & nevis but lasted just three balls . bairstow gave little away about dressing room reaction to downton 's departure , partly because he was ready to go out and bat as the news was delivered in the lunch interval . ' we just found out at lunch , . no-one said anything , it was straight back out and get on with our job out here in st kitts , ' he said . ' i do n't know what the role entails or anything like that , it 's a decision that 's taken above us ... i do n't know what the job description is . ' it 's our job out here to get on with the task at hand and win a series for england . '