a marathon runner stopped one and a half miles before reaching the finishing line - to propose to his girlfriend . romantic ben parsons , 34 , of brighton , east sussex , stunned girlfriend anna jefferson , 36 , by getting down on one knee after running 24 and a half miles . she was watching her boyfriend run in the brighton marathon with their children nancy , three , and thomas , 11 months . ben parson , 34 , paused in the middle of the brighton marathon and proposed to his surprised girlfriend , anna jefferson , 36 . anna feared her boyfriend was struggling when he started to slow down on hove seafront , because she was unaware of his proposal plan . ben then got down on one knee and popped the question and anna said yes , before ben ran onward towards the finishing line , still managing to get a personal best timing and completing his sixth brighton marathon in 3hrs 36min . ben , a media law lecturer at the university of brighton , carried the ring in his bum bag and waited to spot anna in the crowd on sunday . he said : ' i wanted to do something romantic to surprise anna and the marathon has such a feelgood , loved-up atmosphere anyway so i knew it would be the perfect time . ben parson had already run 24.5 miles of the 26.2-mile brighton marathon when he stopped to propose to girlfriend and mother of his two children , anna parsons . at the time , anna had been stood in the crowds with children nancy , three , and thomas , 11 months . ' judging by the look on her face , she was certainly surprised . ' once anna had said ' yes ' and we 'd had a big sweaty hug i had to get on the move again so my legs would n't seize up . ' as i ran off i got a big cheer from the crowd . it felt like the climax of a minor british rom-com . ' i had an extra spring in my step for the last mile and a half . ' ' as i ran off i got a big cheer from the crowd . it felt like the climax of a minor british rom-com ' : after anna said yes , ben carried on with the marathon . he said that the pressure of the proposal spurred him on and brought the finishing line a bit closer . but he joked : ' if i had n't seen her in the crowd maybe i would have just carried on to the end and taken the ring back to argos . ' anna , who works for arts council england , and has been dating ben since they met at city college brighton in 2002 , said she never expected the proposal . she said : ' there had been a guy just before him who had got a cramp and had to stop for his friends to massage his leg . newly-engaged : the happy couple are stood after the surprise proposal with their two children . ' then ben started slowing down and i thought ' oh god he 's going to collapse or something ' . ' i had no idea what he was planning . ' in hindsight he had suggested before that i wear something nice so we could go out for something to eat afterwards . i should really have twigged when he asked me to take his brogues in the bottom of the pram . ' who wears brogues after running a marathon ? '