a young mother has described her hotel nightmare that included seeing her and her partner invited to a late-night party with escorts in the room next door . following a hospital stay , lindsey walker booked in for an overnight stay at rex hotel , a once highly-regarded coastal getaway , in whitley bay , north tyneside . ms walker , her partner and two-year-old son from darlington set out for their only holiday of the year – only to have it ruined . lindsey walker , from darlington , spent a holiday from hell at the rex hotel in whitley bay , north tyneside . tiles were broken and loose in the bathroom , which could have easily caused injury , while right , the wallpaper had come loose as well . at 4am , to the sounds of pounding bass from the nightclub below , the family , upset with the standard of their £82-per-night room , decided they would rather sit in the reception of the hotel than attempt sleep . ms walker 's room included wallpaper hanging in shreds , holes in the walls , broken tiles and lingering filth from previous occupants . ms walker , 23 , said : ' the hotel looked lovely online but when we got there we found it was over the biggest nightclub in town and we were in the room above it . ' we went downstairs at 4am and stayed in reception because next door were trying to drag us into their room for a party – they had escorts and were asking if we wanted to join in . the wall in ms walker 's room had a deep hole in one of the panels . ' i was in my pyjamas with a two-year-old and was shaking and scared – we did n't feel safe . ' this holiday meant everything to me . i 've been in and out of hospital with anxiety issues and it was a get well present from my mother . ' she added : ' we only realised what the room was like when we came back after a day out and it was too late to change it . ' we just want to warn others – this is a reveller place , not for families and that should be advertised . ' criticising staff 's handling of complaints , ms walker said the family had been refused a full refund and accused of making up their story . rex hotel 's manager , karen carmedy , said the issues were being investigated and that refurbishments were underway . ms carmedy also said the hole in the wall was not big enough to see into the next room , the damaged wallpaper was only visible because furniture had been pulled away from the wall and that the nightclub was mentioned on their website . the hotel was taken over by malhotra plc in january this year , who bought it after it went into administration . a spokesperson for the newcastle-based company told mailonline travel : ' the hotel had become rundown under its previous ownership but will be the subject of a massive refurbishment and is about to enjoy substantial investment . ' the malhotra group plc is renowned for its ability to take run down operations and turn them round into successful and stylish venues , as it has done many times over the years . ' the rex hotel has remained open to protect the jobs of the employees and work will begin in the near future on its upgrade . ' we 're sorry ms walker has a bad experience and although our website does say that there is a nightclub on site which operates at weekends , clearly this has been upsetting for her . ' the rex hotel was taken over by malhotra group in january , who have plans for major refurbishment . the darlington family are not the only ones to have lodged complaints against the rex , according to popular review website , tripadvisor.com . one former guest said the bathrooms at the hotel were like a scene from gory horror film hostel while another claimed a ' tsunami from the sea would be the best option for this hole . ' one visitor renamed the hotel guesthouse pardiso , whitley bay edition while yet another disgruntled traveller rated the hotel as terrible and said : ' if you have the choice of chlamydia or a stay at the rex , choose the sti . ' the hotel 's 70 ' terrible ' reviews are peppered with comments from management , showing staff taking a hard line on criticism , calling one guest obnoxious , commenting on another 's vivid and peculiar hair and accusing another of covering their room in pizza and hanging a condom from the door . rex hotel also enjoys ten excellent reviews , with happier visitors complimenting the friendly staff , location and breakfast . one guest described it as quirky and fun while another said : ' i visited rex hotel in october in an erasmus+ project and i find it very nice and welcoming . the atmosphere is like in old english movies , it is very traditional and nice decorated ... makes you feel exactly like in a movie . ' another said : ' i was so impressed with this grand old lady of a hotel . the staff were so helpful and i had a wonderful stay . its an old fashioned hotel , full of beautiful paintings and reminding you of the grandeur of an era long gone . '   