ed miliband 's proposed change in the rules on 'non-doms ' would cost britain billions , experts warned last night . the labour leader announced plans to overhaul britain 's non-domicile regime , which allows 116,000 foreigners and people with foreign links to pay tax only on money that they bring into britain . mr miliband initially suggested he would ' abolish ' non-dom status – but it later emerged that labour is effectively proposing a time limit on it of between two and five years . scroll down for video . crowd-pleaser ? ed miliband joins crowds in warwick yesterday , where he announced his non-dom plans . the tories pointed out that a five-year grace period would exempt up to six in every ten non-doms from the crackdown anyway , because many non-doms do not stay longer than five years . announcing the policy , labour aides suggested the change in the rules , which date back to the 18th century , would raise as much as £1billion . but tax advisers immediately disputed this , saying driving non-doms away would in fact cost the treasury significant sums . with non-doms paying around £8billion in tax and national insurance a year , it is claimed that labour 's proposal could in fact create a huge hole in treasury coffers . within hours of announcing the policy , shadow chancellor ed balls was forced to admit he did not actually know how much extra cash the measure would raise . in a further embarrassment , it later emerged that just three months ago he himself had said such a move would be counter-productive – saying it would result in the country losing money . in a video that emerged yesterday , mr balls can be seen telling a local bbc radio station that abolishing the status altogether ' will probably end up costing britain money because some people will leave the country ' . despite this , the surprise move by labour wrongfooted the conservatives , who took several hours to craft a coherent response . the issue of non-doms is a sensitive one for the tories , because mr miliband has claimed david cameron is close to ' dodgy donors ' , including non-doms , who support the party . labour has repeatedly attempted to characterise the tories as friends of the rich – despite official figures showing the best-off are paying more tax than they did under the last labour government . last night , sources close to chancellor george osborne indicated he would consider scrapping the right to pass on non-dom status to heirs . last year , mr osborne announced a new £90,000 annual charge for people who are non-domiciled in the uk for tax purposes but have lived here for 17 of the past 20 years . tory officials said it was more effective to hit non-doms with an annual levy than to ' tinker ' with the status . the chancellor said : ' labour 's policy is a total shambles . you have ed balls admitting it will cost britain money and then when you look at the small print it turns out the majority of non-doms wo n't be affected . ' in a speech at the university of warwick , mr miliband insisted non-dom status was an ' arcane ' rule dating back to the time of william pitt the younger , allowing a ' few people at the top ' to ' operate under different rules ' . ' there are people who live here in britain like you and me , work here in britain like you and me , are permanently settled here in britain , like you and me , were brought up here , but just are n't required to pay taxes like you and me , ' he said . graham aaronson qc , who chaired an independent committee which drew up new rules against tax avoidance , said the non-dom regime did need reform . he said he had advised the treasury two years ago the right to pass it on to heirs should be scrapped , and suggested he also favoured removing the right for british citizens to claim it . but he was scathing about labour 's proposals , which he said would cost the country dear . ' it 's either unbelievable deception or the man is completely pig ignorant , ' he told the daily mail . ' i could n't believe what i was listening to . this is why politicians have such a bad name . mr miliband was describing non-doms born here , brought up here , who go to school here , use our hospitals . the audience would have thought that 's what a non-dom is . but it 's a very small number . there are those that live abroad , their main family life , home and base but they choose to live in the uk for a month and a half a year . they pay taxes when they 're here , they may employ people . it 's ridiculous to treat them the same way . ' jolyon maugham , the qc who advised labour on its plans for reform , conceded the policy could lead to a flight of wealthy taxpayers from britain . yet the labour supporter was cited by both mr miliband and mr balls as an independent expert who supports the policy . the qc , who admitted the tories have a ' terrific record ' on squeezing tax dodging , said his own calculations suggested the measure was likely to raise about £1billion , but there was a risk of a ' negative tax yield ' . lib dem leader nick clegg defended the non-dom rule , saying it allowed people to come to britain , some of whom were not ' massively rich ' . simon walker , of the institute of directors , said : ' it 's very unclear what additional revenue would be raised , but the uk 's international reputation would be put at risk . ' nicholas leeming , of estate agents jackson-stops , said : ' the labour party is out to target the wealth creators in this country and will effectively close down london to international businesses and investors . ' 