alastair campbell famously said the blair government ‘ did n't do god’ . but david cameron and wife samantha have made a colourful visit to a sikh temple as part of a general election tour . the prime minister , wearing a traditional orange patka , and mrs cameron , in a blue headscarf , chatted and posed for selfies at the gravesend gurdwara in kent earlier today . scroll down for video . the prime minister and his wife joined worshippers at the gravesend gurdwara in kent today in traditional sikh dress . mrs cameron chatted with a young boy and his mother at the temple . the visit was designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks until the election . they briefly joined thousands of people in a parade carrying the sikh holy book to the temple before mr cameron gave a speech . it comes just a day after the conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of christians in the uk . his speeches are designed to reach out to a wider community with just three weeks to go before voting . but as he was about to arrive at the temple today a senior priest apparently objected to prayers being interrupted . there were some heated scenes before the address was moved to a side room . the tory leader told the audience the vaisakhi festival , which is one of the most important events in the sikh calendar , was a ' big , bold ' sign of their devotion . he said : ' i wanted to make sure downing street was part of this too and i 'm proud to be the first prime minister to host a vaisakhi reception at number 10 . sporting a patka headscarf and with wife samantha in a traditional dupatta on her 44th birthday . the couple joined a colourful parade which carried the sikh holy book to the temple before mr cameron offered a speech . happy to be here : mrs cameron donned a blue and green head scarf and dress for the occasion while her husband sported a traditional orange patka . the prime minister clutched his ankles while sitting on the floor with worshippers at the temple this afternoon . in a rousing speech the prime minister told the crowd he ' believed in aspiration ' and that the ' only ' limit to one 's potential is their own talent . mr cameron poses with a young boy as onlookers capture his visit to temple in kent on their smartphones . it comes just a day after the conservative leader attended one of the largest gatherings of christians in the uk - the festival of life in london . the couple ( circled ) make their way through a huge crowd during the vaisakhi festival . the tory leader , pictured praying , told the audience the festival , which is one of the most important events in the sikh calendar , was a ' big , bold ' sign of their devotion . mrs cameron also got involved dressed in a beautiful green , gold and blue outfit and taking her shoes off inside the temple . ' and i 'll tell you what - if i 'm back there as prime minister , i 'll keep bringing the community , the colour and the celebrations there , again and again . ‘ i 'm sure my children will carry on stealing the jalebi [ sweets ] too ! ' it was mr cameron 's first visit to kent during the general election campaign . he wrote on twitter after the outing : ' wishing a happy vaisakhi to everyone celebrating . thank you to the guru nanak darbar gurdwara for their warm welcome . ' mr cameron ( left ) wrote on twitter after the outing : ' wishing a happy vaisakhi to everyone celebrating . thank you to the guru nanak darbar gurdwara for their warm welcome ' . cameron ( second left ) poses for a selfie with two worshippers as mrs cameron ( left ) looks on . women including mrs cameron ( centre ) and children sit on the floor alongside parliamentary candidate priti patel ( second left ) during the outing . he also delivered a campaign speech during the festival of life in london yesterday . he told the 45,000-strong audience : ' it is an honour to be here and i 'm proud of this festival which started as a camp just off the lagos expressway and set the world alight . ' i believe in aspiration . i believe the only limit to someone 's potential is their own ambition and talent . ' i look out to this crowd and i see someone who will take my role and become prime minister for this great country . ' i hope you can hold off for a while just yet . ' he added on twitter later that night : ' it was an honour to address the festival of life - now a great british tradition - at midnight last night . ' claim : jesse norman and the chocolate cake he allegedly gave out while campaigning for re-election . police are investigating a tory mp over claims he attempted to bribe voters with chocolate cake . jesse norman allegedly gave out cake while campaigning for re-election at an asda supermarket in his hereford constituency . west mercia police last night said it was investigating reports of a breach of the representation of the people act 1983 , which bans election candidates from providing food , drink or entertainment in a bid to win votes . the probe follows would-be ukip mp kim rose , who is standing in southampton itchen , being grilled by police for giving out sausage rolls at a party event earlier this year . detectives are expected to speak to mr norman after he was photographed with trays of baked goods on april 2 . he described the allegations as ‘nonsense’ , saying : ‘ we had a couple of small boxes of chocolate muffins ... we may have given out one or two to children , who are not even voters . ’ country life : a ' beater ' at work and below , a bottle of sipsmith dry gin . the prime minister indulged his love of country sports by taking part in a secret country shoot near his oxfordshire constituency home . and he celebrated with a nip of a specially prepared ‘ chipping norton’ cocktail . but witnesses say that david cameron did not himself use a gun – despite his reputation as a skilled marksman . instead , he acted as a ‘beater’ to flush out the game . the event took place on new year’s eve but until now has been kept a closely guarded secret . it took place near chipping norton , the oxfordshire town which has given its name to the ‘ chipping norton set’ of high-profile local residents from the world of politics , media and showbusiness such as mr cameron and jeremy clarkson . last night , the man who served mr cameron the cocktail said other people on what he described as a ‘ country walk’ had no idea there would be a vip guest . jared brown , master distiller at the west london ‘artisanal’ gin company sipsmith , said : ‘ no one but the landowner knew the prime minister would be joining us . ’ he fought shy of describing the event as a shoot , but added : ‘ i can say with utter certainty that mr cameron did not handle a gun . ’ mr brown confirmed , though , that the pm did sample the cocktail , based on sipsmith london dry gin . last night , the drink , also containing manuka honey , raspberry tea and extract of echinacea , was being dubbed the ‘ chipping norton cocktail’ .