john carver says he would walk away from newcastle united if the club’s hierarchy had not given him assurances of serious summer investment . supporters are threatening to boycott the next home match against spurs in protest at mike ashley’s running of the club and a perceived lack of ambition . newcastle have lost the last five tyne-wear derbies and , in the wake of sunday’ s 1-0 defeat at sunderland , the owner , head coach and players have come in for strong criticism . john carver would walk away from newcastle if the club’s hierarchy had not given him reassurances . fans are threatening to boycott the next home game in protest at mike ashley’s running of the club . but carver said : ‘ i can understand that their ( fans ) concern , but we’re already addressing it behind the scenes . ‘ mike and lee charnley ( managing director ) know what they have to do . and i’m telling you now , if i was sitting here and i thought they were giving me lip service i would say “ thanks very much , i’m off - i’m walking away from this” . ‘ if i didn’t have enough belief in what they were trying to do and the promises that they’ve said about the summer , then i would . but i’m not because i know what they’re saying to me is right . they’ve said that we need to bring players into this football club , first of all to boost the size of the squad , but also to improve the quality , to take us on . ‘ we can’t stand still because other clubs are not standing still and they know that . we have to go with them . and if we don’t , you get left behind . ' he added : ‘we’ve had different managers but the same group of players ( keep getting beat in derbies ) . there is something in the dna . newcastle players train at the club 's training complex on thursday ahead of monday 's clash with liverpool . newcastle trio moussa sissoko , vurnon anita and massaido haidara take a breather during training . ryan taylor attemps to bend the ball around some dummies and hit the target during thursday 's session . ‘it’s something we need to look at . we struggle when we have to compete . we have talked about addressing that in the summer . ’ carver concedes that his side – on the back of four straight defeats – still need more than the 35 points they currently sit on to be assured of safety . they travel to liverpool on monday before entertaining spurs a week on sunday . and carver has urged fans to get behind the team . ‘ supporters go to work , pay their money and they’re entitled to do whatever they want to , ’ he said in response to news of a proposed boycott . ‘ but we’re at the business end of the season now and i’m pleading , “ get behind the team , give us your support , because it makes a difference” . ‘ especially the situation we’re in at the moment , we need as much help and support as we can get . ’ jermain defoe ( centre ) connects beautifully with a left-footed volley to score the winner for sunderland . newcastle players look dejected following sunday 's 1-0 defeat to rivals sunderland at the stadium of light .