frances bean cobain has admitted she 's not a big fan of her dad 's music in a candid new interview . speaking to rolling stone magazine about her documentary kurt cobain : montage of heck , the frontman 's daughter revealed she 's not really into nirvana . ' i do n't really like nirvana that much , ' she said . ' sorry , promotional people , universal . ' scroll down for video . nevermind : frances bean cobain , pictured here in september , has revealed she is n't a huge fan of her late father kurt 's music . saint laurent babies 40 suede boots . buy at net a porter . visit site . she’s the daughter of the once ultimate rock power couple , courtney love and kurt cobain , so it’s no surprise that frances bean cobain has evolved into a rock chick with very expensive taste . instead of wearing converse like many young girls of her age might do , frances turned to the grungiest high fashion designer of them all , saint laurent , when it came to choosing a pair of boots to invest in . rocking a pussy bow black blouse with black embellished leggings , frances made her knee-high suede booties the key piece of her outfit and they certainly make a grand statement with their luxe finish and eye-catching tan hue . brown suede boots have been a key trend through autumn/winter 2014 and will continue to reign supremacy until next fall , so steal frances ' style now and buy these saint laurent booties for yourself at net a porter . but hurry , they 're selling out fast ! if you 're not willing to splash the cash , take a peek at our top alternatives in the style edit below , where warehouse 's versions with a slightly higher heel have shot to the top of our wish lists . warehouse suede knee high boots . visit site . isabel marant étoile ruth suede knee boots at net-a-porter . visit site . dv by dolce vita myste at 6pm . visit site . topshop dasher knee high boots ( now reduced to £60 ) . visit site . ' i 'm more into mercury rev , oasis , brian jonestown massacre , ' she revealed to the music mag . ' the grunge scene is not what i 'm interested in . ' however she does recognise her late father 's genius , and admitted some of his songs still bring her to tears . ' territorial p*ssings is a f**king great song . and dumb , i cry every time i hear that song . it 's a stripped-down version of kurt 's perception of himself ; of himself on drugs , off drugs , feeling inadequate to be titled the voice of a generation . ' the 22-year-old , who lost her dad to suicide when she was just 20 months old , said it was n't awkward for her as a child not being a huge fan of his music . abandoned : the 22-year-old was just 20 months old when the nirvana frontman committed suicide , which she describes as being ' abandoned in the most awful way possible ' . ' i would have felt more awkward if i 'd been a fan , ' she said . ' i was around 15 when i realized he was inescapable . even if i was in a car and had the radio on , there 's my dad . he 's larger than life , and our culture is obsessed with dead musicians . we love to put them on a pedestal . ' if kurt had just been another guy who abandoned his family in the most awful way possible . . . but he was n't . he inspired people to put him on a pedestal , to become st. kurt . he became even bigger after he died than he was when he was alive . you do n't think it could have gotten any bigger . but it did . ' in the revealing interview , frances also divulges why she thought her father shot himself exactly 21 years ago today , aged just 27 . ' kurt got to the point where he eventually had to sacrifice every bit of who he was to his art , because the world demanded it of him . ' i think that was one of the main triggers as to why he felt he did n't want to be here and everyone would be happier without him . left behind : frances and her mother courtney love at the january premiere of documentary film kurt cobain : montage of heck at the sundance film festival . ' there is , with any great artist , a little manic-ness and insanity . so many people are content to settle . ' my dad was exceptionally ambitious . but he had a lot thrown on him , exceeding his ambition . he wanted his band to be successful . but he did n't want to be the f**king voice of a generation . ' in reality , if he had lived , i would have had a dad . and that would have been an incredible experience . ' while serving as an executive producer on the acclaimed documentary , which premiered at the sundance film festival this year , frances said she told writer director brett morgen she did n't want to focus on the romanticism or mythology of her father . ' even though kurt died in the most horrific way possible , there is this mythology and romanticism that surrounds him , because he 's 27 forever , ' she said . ' the shelf life of an artist or musician is n't particularly long . kurt has gotten to icon status because he will never age . he will always be that relevant in that time and always be beautiful . too soon : cobain was found shot dead in his home in seattle exactly 21 years ago on wednesday , aged just 27 . the visual artist also revealed that her fathers ex bandmates dave grohl , krist novoselic and pat smear get the 'k.c . jeebies ' when they see her , partially because she sounds just like kurt . ' his speaking voice is sort of similar to mine . it 's sort of a monotone , ' she said . ' the depth to it is similar to the way i speak . i do n't know what the f**k that is . i was n't even talking when he was around . ' it 's very weird how genes are . dave , krist and pat came over to a house where i was living . it was the first time they had been together in a long time . and they had what i call the `` k. c. jeebies , '' which is when they see me , they see kurt . they look at me , and you can see they 're looking at a ghost . they were all getting the k. c. jeebies hardcore . ' dave said , `` she is so much like kurt . '' they were all talking amongst themselves , rehashing old stories i 'd heard a million times . i was sitting in a chair , chain-smoking , looking down like this , ' she said , pretending to look bored . ' and they went , `` you are doing exactly what your father would have done . '' ' but i was glad they came over , ' she smiled . ' it was a cool experience , like having a nirvana reunion minus one . except for his spawn . ' frances also said of her dad 's relationship with her mother courtney love : ' i always knew that their relationship was toxic . and i don’t promote having a fix-it baby , which is what i was - to fix their problems . ' but i know from the video footage and letters that i have that kurt wrote me ... my dad did love me . ' spooky : the visual artist said she gave kurt 's ex nirvana bandmates the ' kc jeebies ' when they see her , because they are ' looking at a ghost ' .  