they say there’s no such thing as a free lunch , but that will not be the case on virgin australia domestic flights as it will now serve complimentary food on all its flights . on wednesday virgin australia launched complimentary food on all flights across the australian domestic network . the latest introduction of free food will be part of a package that will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights , which will complement the free in-flight entertainment on offer already . scroll down for video . virgin australia domestic flights it will now serve complimentary food on all its flights . virgin australia hailed the move as further proof as another step in its transformation into a premium , contemporary , full service airline . virgin australia chief customer officer , mark hassell confirmed this saying virgin australia was committed to maintaining an excellent service and to continue to put customers first . ‘we’re delighted to announce that the virgin australia product offering now includes complimentary food and drink , checked baggage on all flights as well as entertainment across our domestic network , ’ mark hassell said . the virgin australia package will also include free checked baggage on all domestic flights . ‘ the roll out of free food and checked baggage , to complement our wireless in-flight entertainment , is an important part of our ability to deliver a consistent , premium service across our network , ’ mr hassell said . the food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey -virgin australia hopes this approach will underpin all of the initiatives that have shaped the airline in to what it is today . these selections of foods will now be available for free on all virgin australia flights . ‘today’s announcement , coupled with our exceptional service and leadership in on-time performance , puts us in a strong position to continue to grow our loyal customer base , ’ mr hassell said . virgin australia continues to offer complimentary tea , coffee , juice and water on all flights , complimentary wine , beer and soft drink served in ‘ happy hour’ between 5 and 7pm monday to friday as well as alternative food and beverage options through the popular on-board retail menu . virgin 's food and beverage service has been tailored to the time of day and the duration of the journey . 