raheem sterling first came to the attention of the wider world in a tv documentary charting brendan rodgers’ early days in charge of liverpool in the summer of 2012 . in footage from a pre-season training session , the liverpool manager is seen rebuking sterling — then a talented but largely untried teenager — for answering him back . a little more than two-and-a-half years on and much has changed . now sterling is a 20-year-old england international and a cornerstone of liverpool’s first team . on wednesday he was back on tv again but this time he was attempting to call the shots . raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . sterling has come a long way since being lectured by brendan rodgers during being liverpool . the winger was just 17 years old in 2012 when he was told off by rodgers for answering him back at training . sterling , pictured celebrating a goal for england , says he does not want to be seen as a money-grabber . sterling has attracted interest from clubs including real madrid , bayern munich , manchester city and arsenal . sterling arrives for training at liverpool 's melwood training ground . sterling arrives at training ahead of liverpool 's game with arsenal . sterling’s message to liverpool , and indeed rodgers , would appear to be clear . he does not want to stay at anfield unless he can win trophies . he wants to play in his favourite midfield position . the interest from other clubs at home and abroad has made him feel good . as such , regardless of a £100,000-a-week contract offer , he may choose to leave . as a piece of pr , wednesday 's bbc interview was of questionable value . an apparent attempt to clarify his stance regarding an unsigned liverpool contract has only served to muddle things . in trying to bring an end to media and terrace chatter about his future , it has only given it fresh legs . at one point during his chat , sterling admitted supposed interest from arsenal is ‘ quite flattering’ . just one problem . ‘ my next game is against arsenal , ’ he said , suggesting he can at least understand a fixture list , if not the delicacy of his situation or the impact of his words . ‘ i want to do my best . i won’t be hiding . ’ it’s just as well because the chances are that he won’t be able to . liverpool’s fans , who value loyalty more than most , may have the young londoner in their sights now . ‘ i don’t want to be perceived as a money-grabbing 20-year-old , ’ said sterling , but the denizens of the kop may perceive precisely that . sterling 's current £35,000-a-week deal at liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season . sterling has confirmed that he rejected an offer of £100,000-a-week to stay at liverpool . sterling says that he would have signed a less lucrative deal if he had been offered one at this stage last year . sterling takes on lithuania 's georgas freidgeimas during england 's euro 2016 qualifier at wembley . neil ashton broke the sterling contract story on monday - click here to read full article . at liverpool on wednesday the club’s hierarchy were aghast . not only did they know nothing of sterling’s chat with the bbc until other journalists rang to ask them about it , they are understandably suspicious about the timing and motives . rodgers and his players are coming off a sobering home loss to manchester united , in which sterling played poorly , and now face arsenal in the league and blackburn in the fa cup — games that will go a long way to determining whether this current season is marked success or failure . now , rather than draw a line under talk about his contract , the subject of sterling and his future will dominate the next few days . liverpool and rodgers , who tends to be unemotional about these things , view this as unhelpful and unsettling . was this the whole point of the arrangement made by sterling’s management with the bbc ? liverpool are asking themselves this question , and , regardless of the answer , sterling’s standing at the club has inevitably changed . at training at melwood on thursday , sterling will be treated no differently by rodgers , just as luis suarez was dealt with evenly in the wake of interviews in the summer of 2013 in which he criticised his manager . there are other similarities with suarez , though , that are less palatable for the latest liverpool player to wonder if he would be better off elsewhere . luis suarez said in summer 2013 that he wanted to leave liverpool but was eventually convinced to stay . rodgers will deal with sterling in training at melwood on thursday in the same way he did with suarez . there will be no shortage of suitors for sterling should he leave liverpool - in the premier league and europe . sterling insists that he is focused on winning trophies and becoming the best player he can be . liverpool’s owners will view this episode dimly . they would not sell suarez to arsenal in 2013 . selling good players to domestic rivals is not in john henry’s playbook . equally , the americans will not sell sterling this summer just because it would appear he may wish to leave . suarez had to wait a year and so may sterling . he remains under contract for another two years , after all . and so a rather unpleasant game begins and it is tempting to wonder whether sterling will emerge from it as he would wish . suarez was a worldly-wise , well-travelled football gun for hire when he decided to take liverpool on . he left home at 14 . he could cope . sterling , on the other hand , still looks like the boy on that video and in some ways he still is . he spoke on wednesday of his closeness to his mum and three-year old daughter . will they move to spain with him ? luis suarez was a well-travelled football gun for hire when he took liverpool on - but can sterling cope ? liverpool boss rodgers must convince sterling to sign a new deal and remain at anfield . sterling should not be blamed for his ambition . equally , he should not be criticised for putting a number on his own value . he lives in an age when football salaries are soaring and in a couple of years the premier league will be £5billion richer . he has come a long way very quickly , however . since that rollicking on the green grass of america in 2012 , his trajectory has followed a steady upward course . this would be a bad time indeed to make his first really bad decision . 