the head of an elite victorian private school has resigned after a photograph of him looking at pornography on his work commuter circulated on social media . andrew barr , principal of the geelong college , south-west of melbourne , was allegedly photographed through a window as he watched pornography in his school office . the school council launched an investigation , which included a search of mr barr 's computer , after the photograph appeared on the social media site snapchat . andrew barr , who was principal of melbourne 's the geelong college , has resigned after a photo taken of him watching pornography in his office went viral on the internet after being published on snapchat . chairman of the geelong college council , dr hugh seward , told the geelong advertiser yesterday the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards , even if the investigation found mr barr not to have broken any law . ' the matter was taken very seriously , ' dr seward said . ' just before easter , the geelong college council became aware of a matter of concern that might constitute a breach of our standards . ' ' the council immediately looked into the matter and when our concerns were confirmed , andrew barr tendered his resignation . ' in a statement , dr seward thanked mr barr for his contribution to the school since he joined the college in 2013 . ‘ in the two years since his appointment , mr barr has made an enduring contribution to the college’s educational vision and future planning . the council is grateful for mr barr’s commitment and achievement , ' he said . chairman of the geelong college council , dr hugh seward , said the matter was a serious breach of the school 's standards . mr barr is a former chairman of the association of heads of independent schools of australia and previously served 10 years as principal of scotch oakburn college in melbourne . dr seward told the geelong advertiser the investigation confirmed mr barr had not broken any law and ' at no point ' did his actions affect the care provided to students . the geelong college council has since announced it has begun searching for a new principal .   