beer is booming at discount supermarket chain aldi which increased its share of the premium ale market by a third stealing customers away from troubled giant tesco . tesco does still have the biggest share of the lucrative market , which research by kantar shows has grown by more than 10 per cent over the last year and is now worth £490million . the leader has improved its market share in the increasingly fashionable premium ale market , but it 's believed aldi is luring customers away from tesco , offering a smaller range but cheaper prices . another chapter : fluctuations in the premium ale market are just a small part of the shopping revolution which has seen shoppers flock away from giants like tesco and towards the growing discounters . to use an example of the difference in price , aldi sells bottles of newcastle brown ale for £1.24 . they costs £1.64 at tesco and waitrose and £1.65 at morrisons . the discounter has also increased wine sales by 24 per cent over the last years which shows drinkers with all tastes are now flocking to aldi to buy their booze . it 's another chapter in the rise of discounters who are slowly stealing market share from the big three , tesco , sainsbury 's and asda . other research , also by kantar , showed that aldi overtook waitrose as britain 's sixth biggest supermarket with its performance in the first three months of 2015 , increasing share of the whole supermarket industry from 4.6 top 5.3 per cent in a year . the top four supermarkets , tesco , asda , sainsbury 's and morrisons have all lost market share in the first three months of 2015 . aldi , waitrose and lidl managed to increase thiers , with aldi showing the biggest rise . tesco has had a troublesome year , with its year-on-year share price down 18 per cent . last year , they discovered a £263million gap in their accounts which involved rebates to suppliers and is being investigated by the serious fraud office . shortly afterwards they sacked boss phil clarke who was replaced by unilever executive dave lewis , who announced a series of money-saving measures to try and turn the tide.. . the research into the premium ale market does n't tell a very consistent story , with all but two of the big supermarkets managing to increase their market share . sainsbury 's currently has the second largest share in the beer market which it has improved by 7 per cent while asda , third , increased by 1.5 per cent . upmarket waitrose , which also saw a double-digit increase in the premium ale market , now has a 5.1 per cent share of the entire supermaket industry . but while aldi made great gains , lidl , the other rising discounter to have improved its share in the supermarket industry , saw a 7.9 per cent fall in its proportion of the premium beer market . morrisons’ share dipped 1.4 per cent . in january tesco published the location of 43 loss-making stores that will close , and shelved plans to open a further 49 stores . city bosses expect them to announce huge losses in profit next week . it 's been a totally different story for aldi , which offers cheap prices and a smaller range that have helped them compete with the big boys . aldi – motto spend a little . live a lot – stocks virtually all own-branded goods and and they 're market share has grown by 0.7 per cent this year . it plans to open 60 new stores in 2015 , more than than sainsbury’s and tesco put together . between january and the end of march , aldi sales grew by 17 per cent from the same time a year earlier . the total market share of the ‘ big four’ fell below 73 per cent , the lowest for a decade . kantar worldpanel said aldi had recorded double-digit growth for the past four years . more than half a million new shoppers visited the store in the three months to march 29 , compared to a year before . lidl also saw sales jump by almost 12 per cent over the period to secure a 3.7 per cent market share . this is some way off tesco’s dominant 28.4 per cent share , followed by asda at 17.1 per cent .       