detectives investigating the disappearance of three-year-old william tyrrell believe he may have been abducted by a paedophile ring when he disappeared from his grandmother 's house last september . detective superintendent mick willing , nsw homicide squad commander , said on friday : ' one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring . ' he said detectives from the homicide squad and the sex crime squad are ' vigorously perusing that line of inquiry and this investigation is moving at a very fast pace . ' ' we are perusing every lead that we get , ' detective willing said . the news comes as the parents of the missing toddler have begged for his return in a heart-wrenching video made seven months after he vanished from his home on the nsw mid-north coast . ' just give him back ... take him to a church , take him to a police station , take him to school . give him to someone , give him back , ' his mother says in a video released by police . the distraught couple has also released new pictures and home videos of the boy in the hope that new clues will emerge as to his whereabouts . scroll down for video . new video : the parents of missing william tyrrell , who police now say may have been kidnapped by a paedophile ring , released home videos of the missing son showing the lively young boy playing guitar ( above ) and playing around his home . heartfelt plea : william tyrrell 's distraught parents released a video pleading for their missing son 's return as well as home movies showing the lively boy riding his bike ( pictured ) and playing at the family home . full of life : the new videos of william tyrrell ( pictured , above at a slightly younger age ) show a smiling boy full of energy and his mother has begged kidnappers to show her son care and love if the little boy is still alive , seven months after police believe he was abducted from his grandmother 's nsw mid north coast home . the parents of missing three-year-old william tyrrell have released new pictures of their son and a video pleading for his return by abductors who are believed to have snatched him in daylight last september . ' just give him back ' : the parents ( pictured ) issued the plea in an emotional video released by nsw police to encourage people to come with forward with new leads as to the missing toddler 's whereabouts . in the videos , william can be seen riding his bike down a path and flashing a cheeky grin , as well as playing a guitar and swivelling his hips in times to the music . william was last seen dressed in a spider-man suit and playing in his grandmother 's yard in broad daylight in a quiet street in kendall last september . investigators believe he was snatched during a very short window of time when he was out of sight of his family as he played outside . legal restrictions have prevented william 's parents from speaking publicly throughout the ordeal , and their identities are not revealed in the video . the home videos of william were released on friday . william 's father choked back tears as he remembered his son , who was infatuated with the spider-man superhero . ' ( he loved ) anything that related to spider-man and superheroes , ' william 's father said in the video . ' he 's a cheeky , vibrant little boy ... full of energy . i mean he 's my little boy . ' but he said william was a cautious boy who would n't go with a stranger . vigorous pursuit : nsw homicide squad boss detective superintendent mick willing ( pictured ) revealed on friday that police are investigating william tyrrell 's disappearance at a very fast pace and that ' one of our lines of inquiry relates to people we expect to be involved in a paedophile ring ' . one of the new photos released by police of william tyrrell show the three-year-old smiling and drawing , while other images and photos show an energetic and happy youngster full of life . a new home video of cheeky william tyrrell ( pictured , eating cake ) has been provided by the family in their desperate wait for the return of the three-year-old , seven months after his probable kidnap . william 's father ( pictured in a videoed plea filmed by nsw police ) choked back tears as he remembered his son , describing the toddler 's love of superheroes . homicide squad commander , detective superintendent mick willing talks to the media in relation to the investigation of missing toddler , william tyrrell . his mother said she had a vision that somebody ' reached over ... has gone `clump ' on his shoulders , picked him up and moved him on ... because ... that 's the only way ... to explain for him not to be there . ' she said the family was struggling with not knowing where william is or what happened to him . ' we need to know what happened to him ... `cause we ca n't live forever ... like this . ' she said she hoped whoever had him was looking after him . ' i want him to be safe , i want him to be feeling loved and i want someone to be looking after him because to imagine that something else is going on ... we ca n't live like that . ' william was playing in his grandmother 's yard dressed in a spider-man suit in kendall , on the nsw mid north coast last september when he disappeared in broad daylight . william tyrrell 's parents released this new photo ( above ) of their missing son , with an impassioned plea in which his mother said she had a vision that somebody ' reached over ... and has gone `` clump '' on his shoulders ' . william 's mother said in a tearful plea that she hoped whoever had her son ( pictured ) was looking after him and making him feel loved . the parents are calling for any who has any information to contact crime stoppers immediately on 1800 333 000 . the release of the video comes more than a month since police scoured bushland in bonny hills , south of port macquarie , for evidence relating to william 's whereabouts . police divers were brought in from sydney to search a murky dam in a bush reserve and a nearby swamp , after more than 30 officers and the dog squad had spent spent two days searching through dense bushland - including along a track that can only be accessed by four-wheel drive . the release of the video of william ( pictured ) comes more than a month since police scoured bushland in bonny hills on the nsw mid north coast in a renewed effort to find the boy who vanished last september . nsw police divers search a dam for evidence of missing boy william tyrrell near bonny hills , nsw . police divers were brought in from sydney to search the murky dam in a bush reserve , and a nearby swamp . the three-day search was carried out near local washing machine repairman william ' bill ' spedding 's home . mr spedding was identified as a person of interest in the case after he was due to fix william 's grandmother 's washing machine around the time the toddler vanished . however , mr spedding says he did n't go to the house on september 12 because he could n't get in contact with william 's grandmother . police searched the 63-year-old 's home and business in nearby laurieton in january , seizing various items , including cars , a mattress and computer , for forensic examination . mr spedding has strongly denied any involvement and police have previously stressed he is n't their only line of inquiry . 