andy hornby is non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u , which was found to be selling nhs patients ' details on without their knowledge . the chairman of the online pharmacy site found to be selling nhs patients’ data without their knowledge is the shamed former chief executive of hbos . a mail investigation yesterday told how the personal details of thousands of users of pharmacy 2u are being sold to companies that target the sick . now we can reveal that at its helm is the disgraced banker andy hornby , who was in charge of hbos when it collapsed in 2008 . mr hornby last night faced calls to step down from his role as non-executive chairman of pharmacy 2u and was condemned for profiting from the sale of his customers’ personal data . many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society – either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled . others who use the nhs-approved pharmacy website used its online doctor consultations . their details – which included email addresses and dates of birth – were passed on without proper consent . when mr hornby joined the company , the uk’s leading online pharmacy , in 2012 , it said in a statement : ‘ the imminent transition to electronic prescriptions across the nhs represents an exciting opportunity for pharmacy 2u , and andy’s insights and leadership will be of significant value . ’ it is not known how much mr hornby – who works two to three days a week – is earning from the leeds-based company , but it is thought he received a significant salary increase last year . he is also a principle shareholder . dr sarah wollaston , the outgoing tory chairman of the commons health select committee , last night called for mr hornby to step down and for a criminal investigation into pharmacy 2u . she said : ‘ he should be called to account for what his company is doing and issue a public statement . he needs to be made to sit down and explain why patient information is being sold on . ’ she added that the health select committee should launch an inquiry into the issue after the election . pharmacy 2u , an online prescription service , sold details including the patients’ email addresses , dates of birth and date of their last prescriptions to marketing firms . many of those whose details he is selling on are some of the most vulnerable in society – either too ill to travel to their nearest surgery or the disabled . following the financial crash in the autumn of 2008 , a devastating report by the parliamentary commission on banking standards accused mr hornby and fellow former bosses of ‘ catastrophic failures’ as they presided over years of reckless lending . his current role is his third job since then . in 2011 he unexpectedly quit as £1million-a-year chief executive of healthcare group alliance boots , a move blamed on stress . dr sarah wollaston , the outgoing tory chairman of the commons health select committee , called for mr hornby to step down . four months later he became boss of coral , a position he still holds . in 2013 , he faced calls to quit amid reports the bookmaker was set for a £2billion flotation . pharmacy 2u admitted that it had sold the names and addresses of ‘ up to 5,000’ patients to data company alchemy direct but refused to say how much it had charged . it said it had decided to stop selling the information to alchemy and stressed no medical data had been passed on . last night pharmacy 2u said that mr hornby is ‘ not involved in day-to-day decisions about the running of the business’ . a spokesman added : ‘ we have asked the information commissioner’s office to work with us to review our privacy policy and have also contacted the general pharmaceutical council , our industry regulator , and the nhs , to discuss this matter . ’ nhs england said : ‘ any breach of confidentiality is totally unacceptable . this case will be reported to the information commissioner and general pharmaceutical council and there will be an immediate investigation . ’ 