parents of a u.s. army sergeant were left stunned with excitement after their son , who had just returned from being stationed in afghanistan , decided to surprise them on ice before a hockey game . sergeant dan urman 's father eitan urman was so happy that as he embraced his son and lifted him off the ground , he slipped on the ice , causing both to tumble over while still hugging . as part of the planned surprise , eitan and his wife ronit , of scottsdale , arizona , had been invited to drop the puck before the arizona coyotes game against the anaheim ducks on saturday . scroll down for video . u.s. army sergeant dan urman embraces his father eitan urman after surprising him at the arizona coyotes game on saturday . eitan urman sits in disbelief in seeing his son dan , who has been stationed in afghanistan since november of 2014 . the national hockey league organization said they had won the puck drop because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years . but when it was announced there 'd be a special guest bringing them a ceremonial puck , the couple turned around to see their son dan walking down the red carpet on the ice . eitan immediately starts running toward his son , who had been in afghanistan since november , as dan jogs toward his father . when they embrace , eitan lifts dan off the ground and the pair fall to the ice and the carpet slides on the slippery surface . once dan stands up , his father sits on the ground for another moment with his hand on his head , still in disbelief . eitan ( left ) and his wife ronit urman ( right ) were told they would drop a ceremonious first puck at the game on saturday because they have been season ticket holders for nearly 20 years . and when they were told a special guest would bring out the puck for them , their son dan ran out on to the ice . eitan was so excited to see his son that he ran to meet him halfway down the red carpet as ronit stood in shock with her hands to her face . dan then hugs and kisses his mother and eitan watches , smiling and embracing his wife and son . the trio make their way to the end of the carpet , pose for a photo then do the ceremonious puck drop for team captains , ducks center ryan getzlaf and coyotes forward shane doan . dan told daily mail online that he has been planning to surprise his family since he left in november . he was supposed to return to the states in mid-may or june , but contacted a rep from the coyotes when he found out he’d be returning early , before the hockey season was over . ‘ about two or three weeks ago they came up with the idea to tell my parents they won a random thing on fan appreciation night , ’ dan said . eitan embraced his son and lifted him off the ground as they reunited for the first time since dan left for afghanistan . the father-and-son pair had a long embrace as a crowd of arizona coyotes and anaheim ducks fans cheered throughout the stadium . eventually the pair lost their footing as the carpet moved on the slippery ice , and the fell to the ground , still hugging . he said he had help from the entire staff and team of the coyotes , his sister , his girlfriend and other close friends who were all able to keep his surprise a secret from his parents . he said the whole event was ‘ really cool’ and ‘surreal’ , and it helped that his dad is an animated guy . ‘ as he walked out , my father figured out there was no puck and he turned around , ’ dan said . ‘ he recognized me immediately and so he dropped to a knee and i just sort of started jogging out to meet him . ’ the crowd can be heard cheering as the family is reunited in front of thousands of people . dan said his family had a chance to meet the coyotes’ general manager after the reunion . once dan and eitan stood up the son went to greet his mother , who he gave a hug and kiss to as his father hugged him fro behind . eitan still looked shocked with excitement as they walked to center ice for the puck drop after the touching reunion . though the coyotes lost the game 2-1 , it was still a celebratory night for the urman family . this was dan’s second tour of afghanistan . he was there from march 2013 to november 2013 . with no surprise planned , his parents planned to meet him on the east coast upon his arrival back to the states . his return was delayed , however , and he was stuck in germany for a few days on his way back . ‘ they had a nice vacation in carolina , ’ dan said . ‘ i thought it would be cool to surprise them this time . ’ this was the coyote 's final game of the season . they finished seventh in the pacific division and will not be playing in the playoffs . the crowd cheered as dan and his parents made their way to center ice . he waved at the crowd as ronit and eitan showed their sheer happiness of their son 's return . once in position at center ice , dan , surrounded by his parents , dropped a ceremonious first puck for team captains , ducks center ryan getzlaf and coyotes forward shane doan to start the game . 