in the united states , women earn an average of 78 cents for every dollar that men make — and a new pop-up shop in pennsylvania is using this blatant gender-biased wage gap in order to charge its female customers lower prices than its male visitors . pittsburgh-based pop-up store , less than 100 , has priced its entire stock to reflect the local gender pay gap , meaning that female customers are only charged 76 per cent of the retail price while men pay in full . more active protest than business venture , less than 100 is not-for-profit and aims to highlight the disparity in salaries between the sexes . scroll down for video . woman 's worth : elana schlenker has opened a pop-up shop in pittsburgh , pennsylvania where women are charged only 76 per cent as much as men in order to highlight the problem of wage inequality . 'it’s incredible how deeply unconscious biases still permeate the ways in which we perceive ( and value ) women versus men , ' owner elana schlenker told refinery29 . ' i hope the shop’s pricing helps to underscore this inherent unfairness and to create space for people to consider why the wage gap still exists . ’ ms. schlenker can afford the gender-conscious pricing because her shop is n't aiming to make money ; all sales from the ceramics , textiles , publications , art prints , and stationery sole will go back to the female artists who made them . ' this is a small way that i can do something about [ the pay gap ] , and i think many of the artists involved are coming from a similar place , ' ms. schlenker added . price adjustment : less than 100 sells ceramics , art , and textiles by female artists as a discount to female customers . in addition to adjusting its prices , less than 100 is also holding events promoting wage equality at the pop-up space , including one for april 14 's equal pay day , which represents how far into the year a woman must work to earn as much as her male counterpart did the previous year . ms. schlenker said she is concerned that women are undervalued in the workplace and underrepresented in executive positions and wants to draw attention to the problem through this venture , and added that she 's been excited about how much support her shop has received . ' everyone that 's walked in , from women to men , has said `` i love this idea '' , ' she told wpix . ' women are worth what men are worth , of course , and just that community that 's sprung up around this has been amazing . ' she has also reached out to local organizations for grants to help maintain the pop-up shop , which will be open in pittsburgh for the entire month of april . ladies pay less : at the original location , women pay 76 per cent ; in new orleans this fall , women will pay 66 per cent , since women in louisiana make even less compared to men than women in pennsylvania . fans of the idea who want to get in on the action but do n't live in pennsylvania can continue to check in on the organization 's website , as ms. schlenker intends to travel with the shop , changing prices everywhere she goes to reflect the local pay gap . she will be re-opening the the store in new orleans this fall , where prices for female shoppers will drop even more to 66 per cent of the original retail value , corresponding with louisiana 's pay cap . male customers will continue to pay 100 per cent of the price for items like a $ 224 pitcher , which costs $ 195 for female customers in pittsburgh , and a $ 120 gamma folk necklace , for which women this month are charged $ 92 .