pouting and playing with her mother 's pearl necklace , sweden 's princess leonore looked distinctly out of sorts during a visit to the vatican . but at just 14-months-old and on the verge of the terrible twos , the infant duchess of gotland would probably have preferred to be doing something else . cradled in the arms of her pregnant mother , princess madeleine , 32 , the little girl was instead whisked off to meet pope francis . displeased : princess leonore looked less than impressed with her trip to the vatican . madeleine , who wore a traditional lace mantilla for the occasion , is thought to be around six months pregnant with her second child and will give birth this summer . but before that happens , she has a busy schedule of events in and outside of sweden to complete - many with her british businessman husband christopher o'neill , 40 , by her side . mr o'neill was also at the vatican today and shared the childcare with his wife , at one point giving his little daughter a hug . the couple have recently returned to sweden after years spent living in new york , where princess leonore was born just over a year ago . unlike his or her big sister , the new baby will be born in stockholm following her parents ' move to the city last summer . the birth is likely to coincide with another big royal event , the wedding of madeleine 's older brother , prince carl philip , 35 , on the 13th june . hug from daddy : not even the ministrations of father christopher o'neill could raise a smile . playing with pearls : leonore did find at least one distraction though - her mother 's pearls . his bride-to-be , 30-year-old sofia hellqvist , is a former glamour model - a career that was the source of controversy when the couple 's relationship was made public in january 2010 . ms hellqvist is expected to become princess sofia of sweden following the wedding , although her title will not be officially decided until the ceremony . having posed topless in swedish men 's magazines , ms hellqvist hit tabloid headlines in 2005 after reaching the final of the scandalous sex and alcohol-fuelled tv show paradise hotel . the shows sees five men and five women stay in a hotel together and included a scene in which sofia was shown kissing pornstar jenna jameson . however , in 2009 , after she met carl philip , who is third in line to the throne , in a club , she has softened her image . cheerful : princess madeleine was all smiles as she made her way into the vatican . still cross : the baby was carried in for the audience by her father . next in line : prince carl philip will marry fiancee sofia hellqvist in stockholm on the 13th june . the relationship was controversial for a time , as queen silvia apparently did not entirely approve of the match . but it is the prince himself who has the most colourful past , with his ' wild summer ' of 2012 still referenced by sweden 's tabloid press which delightedly documented his antics . as well as going on a drunken rampage in central stockholm while wearing an alien mask , the summer also saw him become the victim of a happy slapping incident during a holiday to cannes . he also , following a wild night out , managed to lose his wallet and was forced to hitch-hike to the motor race he was due to compete in , before spectacularly crashing his car on the first lap . as the only son of king carl xvi gustaf and queen silvia , the prince was the heir to the throne for a seven months after he was born in may 1979 . but in january 1980 the rules were changed and the principle of primogeniture was introduced , meaning the throne will be inherited by the monarch 's eldest child , crown princess victoria . she will be succeeded by her daughter estelle , who was born in february 2012 .  