mesut ozil is playing the best football since he joined arsenal in the summer of 2013 , after leading the gunners to second in the premier league table . ozil was off the pace at the beginning of this season , but says he is now back to his best since returning to fitness in january . and the german star says his injury has actually helped him , claiming that it ' worked in my favour ' after a busy schedule . mesut ozil trains ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi final against reading on saturday . the german star says he is now playing his best football since joining the gunners in the summer of 2013 . ozil said 10 years of playing football had taken their toll , but he has come to terms with the premier league . mesut ozil is interviewed in this week 's sport . ' at the moment i am pleased with the consistency of my game , ' ozil told sport magazine . ' i feel i am now playing my best football since joining arsenal . ' the playmaker was a big part of germany 's world cup win over the summer , playing every game as joachim low 's side lifted the trophy in brazil , and the process took a lot out of him . ' i was exhausted at the start of the season , ' he confesses . ' i started playing professional football at the age of 16 and had never really suffered many serious injuries . ' i guess 10 years of consistently playing football took its toll . i was also struggling with the physicality of this league . ' however , ozil has bounced back in the second half of this season , his excellent form coinciding with a winning run that has seen the gunners climb the table . and the 26-year-old midfielder has attributed his success , in part , to the injury that kept him out for three months this winter . ozil celebrates scoring a goal in the convincing win against liverpool , when he was in excellent form . ozil has put his improved performances down to the strength training he went through after being injured . ' the injury worked in my favour in a way , as it gave me time to recover , to assess and to work on what was required to compete in this league , ' he added . ' the football here is far more physical , it is played at a faster tempo and you have to adapt to the sheer number of games . ' i have had to work a lot harder and adjust my game accordingly . i used my time out with injury to work on my strength . i 'm continuing to do extra sessions after training now . ' the world cup winning midfielder is continuing to do extra strength sessions after arsenal training . ozil was a key player in germany 's world cup win , and admits it took a lot out of him last summer . 