a restaurant customer in the mexican border town of tijuana was left horrified after witnessing staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish on the menu . the authorities have closed a total of six chinese restaurants in the local area since police raided the lo yen city restaurant in southern tijuana following a tip-off from the disgusted client . the customer called in the cops after witnessing kitchen staff killing the dog , later intended to be served up masquerading as pork in the next chow mein . scroll down for video . disgusted : a restaurant customer in tijuana was left horrified after witnessing staff butchering a dog to be served up as a pork dish on the menu . pictured is a dead dog police recovered at the establishment . the authorities have closed a total of six chinese restaurants in the local area since local police raided the lo yen city restaurant ( pictured ) in southern tijuana . officers conducting a raid of the restaurant on wednesday morning discovered caged dogs in the kitchen , a decapitated puppy in the trash and the owner himself in the process of decapitating and butchering a canine carcass , putting the meat in a cooking pot . owner yu yu chou told local newspaper reporters : ' i admit to killing the dog , but the meat is for my own personal use , not for my customers . ' police received a tip-off from a restaurant client who heard the sounds of a howling dog at the back of the establishment . after peeking over the back fence to investigate , the horrified client witnessed two cooks in the act of killing the defenceless animal . in total five arrests were made at mr yu yu chou 's restaurant , including three workers of chinese nationality . an official was filmed pulling a beheaded dog from a storage barrel during the raid . boast : the restaurant advertises the quality of its 'home-style food ' but has had complaints from customers before about flies and cockroaches in their food . rescued : some dogs were found alive at the restaurant and were taken away by a local vet . lucky : this dog was saved from the owner 's knives by the police . the picture is a grab from a local news agency video of the property . upon arrival at the scene , police officers said they witnessed the cooks hurriedly throw a decapitated dog carcass in a kitchen waste bin . officers later saw the owner decapitating and butchering a dog in the back alley . the restaurant , which advertises the quality of its 'home-style food ' claims never to have received complaints of using dog meat before . the owner , while handcuffed in the back of a police vehicle , said : ' we 've had complaints from customers who have found hair , flies or cockroaches in their food , but never anything this serious . ' the afn news agency took video evidence of the police bust . it contains footage of a hair-strewn alley where the dogs were seen being butchered , a terrified dog chained to the wall and a forensics officer pulling a decapitated canine carcass – stiffened by rigor mortis – out of a kitchen waste bin . the animals , some of which survived , were removed from the scene in a veterinarian 's van . samples of meat were also taken from the kitchen fridges in order to determine the origin of the meat . following local authorities ' demands to investigate kitchens in other local oriental eating establishments , five other chinese restaurants in the area did not open their doors to customers on wednesday , leading many to question whether the cooking of dog meat has long been practiced in tijuana . in total five arrests were made at mr yu yu chou 's restaurant , including three workers of chinese nationality . a spokesman for the mexican ministry of health told local reporters following the incident that the city would be pursuing conviction of the mr yu yu chou , and that ' you ca n't play with the health of tijuana ' . the infamous frontier town in baja california state sits directly on the united states border , just three miles from downtown san diego . the town has long had a dangerous reputation , not least for the criminal cartel activity which sees drugs and humans trafficked across the border into the united states . 