david crossley developed large kidney stones . like many busy people , david crossley often used to find himself so wrapped up in his working day that he would go without lunch , and often barely stopped for a cup of tea . in fact , david , 63 , a musculoskeletal therapist from birmingham , admits : ' i would often be so busy at the clinic that i 'd forget to drink any liquid at all , other than the odd cup of tea or coffee . it had been the same way for years - although i would drink more water at weekends . ' last year , this habit caught up with him . he noticed a vague ache in his abdomen , stretching around to his back . ' it was n't agonising but it just did n't feel quite right , so i went to the gp , ' he says . ' as i had some bloating , he sent me for an ultrasound . ' this revealed two large stones in his right kidney - a direct result , his doctors believe , of his low fluid intake . a ct scan showed that the stones were so large ( 6 mm across ) they could not be passed naturally , and he needed surgery . one in ten of us will develop a kidney stone , and the numbers are rising dramatically . they are the result of waste products in the blood forming crystals inside the kidneys , which eventually build up into a solid lump . they can be excruciatingly painful - on a level , say experts , with childbirth . the stones often remain symptomless while they 're in the kidney . they start causing pain - known as renal colic - once they travel down the ureter , the narrow tube that carries urine from the kidney to the bladder . ' renal colic is caused by the stone suddenly blocking the ureter , ' says mr leye ajayi , consultant urological surgeon at the hospital of st john & st elizabeth , london . the pain often comes on suddenly and can cause the patient to ' writhe around in agony ' , he adds . the pain can be intense enough to cause nausea and vomiting . once on the move , a stone can take days or weeks to travel out of the body . in that time , it may cause persistent or intermittent pain in the back , groin or side , a need to urinate more than usual , and pain when urinating . sometimes , if a stone blocks the exit of urine from the kidney , it can lead to a build-up of bacteria and trigger a kidney infection . signs of this include a fever , shivering , extreme weakness , diarrhoea , or cloudy and bad-smelling urine . the bad news is that the number of people developing troublesome stones is rocketing . emergency admissions to hospital for kidney stones have shot up during the past decade by 136 per cent , according to official figures , rising from just above 5,000 to almost 12,000 per year . meanwhile , the number of people going in for planned non-emergency treatment for stones has almost doubled in the same period , rising from 26,666 in 2004 to 51,340 . the cause for his condition , doctors believe , was low fluid intake . and bizarrely , it may be that healthier lifestyles - doing tough workouts at the gym , and then not drinking enough , or shunning carbohydrates - are partly to blame , and may be why cases are going up , especially among women . ' more men than women used to suffer from kidney stones , with a ratio of about three to one , ' says mr ajayi . ' but an increasing number of women now get them , and the ratio is evening up . ' the main cause of kidney stones is dehydration . ' your kidneys are your waste-disposal system , ' explains dr kathryn griffith , the royal college of gps ' clinical champion for kidney care . ' they discard all the waste chemicals produced by your body , and they can do this efficiently if enough liquid is drunk to help flush them through . ' but if you become dehydrated , you overload the kidneys with urine that has a high concentration of stone-forming chemicals , and these begin to bind together to build stones . ' to avoid this , you need to drink enough to ensure your urine is ' the colour of white wine ' , says dr griffith - around 1.2 litres a day . you need more during hot weather or after exercise . changing diet trends are also pushing the figures up . ' there has been a trend , especially in people either wanting to lose weight or bulk up muscle , to eat low-carb , high-protein diets , ' says dr griffith . ' the animal proteins found in meat and fish break down into a waste chemical called uric acid ( a known stone-former ) in your urine . they also reduce the amount of citrate ( a stone-inhibitor ) . ' this can lead to uric acid stones forming , especially if you also do n't drink enough fluid to assist the kidneys in their disposal job . ' there are other causes , too . your kidneys remove sodium , which is the main component of salt , from your body . when they do this , they excrete calcium , too . but low-carb diets could also put you at risk . so the more salt you eat , the more calcium you will have in your urine , which can build into stones . obesity is another risk factor . ' obese people are more likely to have insulin resistance ( where the body ca n't use insulin effectively ) , ' says mr ajayi . this causes a change to the nature of urine , making it more acidic , which increases the risk of uric acid stones forming in the kidney . eating excessive amounts of oxalate is another culprit , as it can lead to the formation of calcium oxalate stones - the most common kind . oxalate-rich foods include tea , spinach , rhubarb , nuts , strawberries , beetroot and chocolate . they are all fine in moderation , but avoid large daily quantities . if you have more than two urinary tract infections within a short space of time , you should ask your gp for an ultrasound to rule out a less common kind of kidney stone called struvite stones , which are caused by a build-up of bacteria from repeated urinary tract infections , adds dr griffith . virtually all stones under 5 mm in diameter can be passed naturally , with only prescription-strength pain relief and medication that relaxes the ureter needed while this happens , says mr ajayi . but if a stone is bigger , you may need to have treatment . the most common is extracorporeal shock-wave lithotripsy ( eswl ) . this involves sending shock-waves of energy through the skin that break down the stone . ' this works for stones up to about 10 mm in diameter , but not for bigger ones , or for stones that are very hard , ' says mr ajayi . ' it 's also ineffective in most cases for people with obesity , as the shock-waves have further to go to reach the stone . ' for bigger or harder stones , a ureteroscopy is performed . under general anaesthetic , a thin scope is passed up your urethra and a laser is used to break up the stone . for very large stones ( those over 15 mm ) , percutaneous nephrolithotomy ( pcnl ) is used . a nephroscope - a telescope-like device - is inserted through a small incision in your back . the stone is broken up using a combination of high-frequency ultrasound and pneumatic energy ( a bit like a pneumatic drill digging up a road ) . david crossley had a ureteroscopy at the bmi priory hospital , birmingham , in september . ' i was out the day after my surgery , and although there was some discomfort around my kidneys for a few days , thankfully i 'm now stone-free . ' he knows that a person who has had a stone has a 50 per cent chance of developing them again within five years unless they make changes to their lifestyle . ' the lifestyle changes that can be made to stop stones recurring are the same as those for avoiding them in the first place : proper hydration , low-salt , staying a healthy weight and reducing animal protein , ' says mr ajayi . the british association of urological surgeons advises that we should be aiming for no more than four of the following protein portions a day , two of which should be dairy to ensure you have enough calcium : 50-75 g of red meat , chicken or fish ; two eggs ; ½ pint of milk ; 50g cheese ; a small pot of yogurt . mr ajayi also recommends drinking water with lemon juice in it daily , as the citrate ( a form of acetic acid ) in lemons is a natural stone inhibitor that can prevent calcium from binding with other substances , such as oxalates , that lead to stones . today , david ensures that he gets enough fluid . ' i did n't know that being too busy to drink enough could lead to kidney stones , ' he says . ' i now drink water religiously ! ' 