restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life . an australian festival organiser has slammed tasmania as a state full ' dregs , bogans and third-generation morons ' . in a scathing article , long time restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield , 79 , claimed living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life and the decade he spent there left him feeling bitter and depressed . ' i think i came very close to either a nervous breakdown or suicide . i just started to fall apart , ' he told fairfax . mr schofield moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival in what he claims was an attempt to help tasmanians take advantage of its grand heritage . he decided to relocate back to new south wales after the tasmanian government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent . mr schofield said he was offered $ 300,000 for the 2014 festival which was a reduction from the $ 400,000 the government offered in the previous year . ' we were deeply wounded and shocked , ' he said . ' [ the festival ] was supported by a lot of wonderful people down there , who shared the vision that the government would n't . anyhow , we threw up our hands and said , ' we 're not going to do it anymore . f**k you . ' mr schofield moved to hobart to set up a baroque music festival , but decided to relocate back to new south wales after the tasmanian government cut the festivals funding by 25 per cent . after receiving an offer from queensland arts organisations he decided to move the festival to brisbane . mr schofield said his daughters recognised that the battle he was waging with the tasmanian government took a toll on him and decided to stage an ' intervention ' . ' the whole process knocked me about terribly and i honestly started going to pieces , ' he said . ' i was drinking , i was taking a lot of tablets , and stupidly driving when i was in no condition to drive . i was suffering from acute depression . ' while mr schofield admits he was ' absolutely obsessed , tremendously intrigued ' by tasmania , he continued to blast tasmanian 's for wanting to ' dig it up , chop it down , sell it to the chinese . ' luke martin from the tourism industry council of tasmania tweeted the above after mr schofield said of tasmania : ' all the young people leave , and the only ones left are the dregs , the bogans , the third-generation morons ' . he added the above despite mr schofield saying he suffered from acute depression after the mishap . he continued : ' all the young people leave , and the only ones left are the dregs , the bogans , the third-generation morons ' . he said he plans to reserve a chapter in his memoirs dedicated to his time in tasmania called ' revenge of the bogans ' . luke martin from the tourism industry council of tasmania responded to mr schofield 's comments labelling them as ' blatant mistruths ' . he tweeted : ' no one cut his funding , he asked for more and spat the dummy when it was n't given ' .