almost 50 people a year die of skin cancer after being exposed to the sun at work in the uk , research shows . it found nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction , agriculture and leisure . a separate study , also commissioned by the institution of occupational safety and health , found there was a ' macho culture ' in some parts of the construction industry , with two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoors thinking they were not at risk from the sun and sunburn or were unsure if they were . the study found there was a ' macho culture ' in some parts of the construction industry , with two thirds of workers who spent an average of nearly seven hours a day outdoorst hinking they were not at risk . the institution urged businesses to improve ' sun safety ' , for example by minimising workers ' exposure in the middle of the day . more than half ( 59 % ) of those questioned reported having had sunburn - a major contributor to skin cancer - at least once in the last year . researchers also found a ' macho culture ' in some parts of the industry and misconceptions about the threat of ultraviolet radiation in climates like the uk 's as cloud cover does not give total protection from the sun . the studies ' findings are being published as part of an institution of occupational safety and health no time to lose campaign to beat work-related cancers , with businesses urged to develop ' sun safety strategies ' . it found nearly 250 cases of malignant melanoma are registered each year by those working outside in industries such as construction , agriculture and leisure . the strategies should include regular updates on the uv index from weather forecasts , minimising sun exposure in the middle of the day and asking employees to wear long-sleeved , loose-fitting tops and trousers . while using high-factor sunscreen is helpful it should not be relied on as the only barrier to the harmful rays , employers are advised . iosh executive director of policy shelley frost said : ' we 've a clear picture for the uk now of the number of people diagnosed with or dying from skin cancer because of sun exposure at work . ' it 's a terrible disease but with some simple measures we can ensure people who work outside are not exposed to the solar radiation that causes it . 'work-related skin cancer is avoidable but businesses and their employees hold the key to beating it and today we are showing them how it can be done . ' 