robin van persie has declared himself fit for sunday 's manchester derby . van persie has missed manchester united 's last six games following an ankle injury he suffered in the 2-1 defeat at swansea on february 21 . manager louis van gaal said last week he did not expect the striker to be fit enough to return for sunday 's game against manchester city at old trafford , but van persie reported good news for united fans on wednesday . robin van persie has declared himself fit for the manchester derby after missing united 's last six games . louis van gaal will be pleased to have van persie back but he is unlikely to start the game . the 31-year-old tweeted : ' back to training with the group today . was a great session . happy to be fit and able to play again . looking forward to my next game ! ' even if van gaal considers van persie to be fit to take part in the derby , it is hard to see how the former arsenal front man would fit into the starting xi . united have hardly missed the dutchman , who has scored just 10 goals this term . during his absence , the red devils have only lost once - against his former employers arsenal in the fa cup . united have recorded creditable victories over tottenham and liverpool and last saturday they moved above city into third with a 3-1 win over aston villa . wayne rooney scored a stunning volley during the win . the united skipper has performed well up front in a 4-3-3 formation alongside ashley young and juan mata , who scored both goals in the 2-1 win at anfield two-and-a-half weeks ago . marouane fellaini has also provided able and robust support from midfield . wayne rooney celebrates with radamel falcao after scoring against aston villa at the weekend . victory for united this weekend would pile more misery on out-of-form city and improve van gaal 's chances of achieving his target of champions league qualification . once he returns from his summer break , he is likely to take united on a shortened pre-season tour , with the most likely destination the united states , it has emerged . van gaal made no secret of his annoyance at united 's pre-season schedule last summer . united had already committed themselves to a three-week long tour that took in five matches across five american cities by the time van gaal took over as manager . united travelled almost 13,500 miles on the trip , which included games in los angeles , denver , detroit , washington dc and miami - all against high-profile opposition . this summer 's tour is expected to see united take on fewer opponents and undertake less travel . the trip will have to be over a shorter period of time too as the premier league season begins on august 8 - just eight weeks after the end of the international break . it is understood that van gaal will sign off plans for the tour in the coming weeks .