zarina diyas and heather watson were the seeded casualties on the first day of main-draw action at the family circle cup in charleston . diyas , the 11th seed from kazakhstan , won the first set against czech qualifier lucie hradecka but was beaten 4-6 6-1 6-3 . british number one watson , seeded 16th , gave up 14 break points and lost her serve seven times en route to a 6-3 4-6 7-5 defeat to croatian teen donna vekic in a hard-fought match lasting more than two and a half hours . heather watson crashed out in charleston after a narrow victory to donna vekic . the other seeds in action , irina-camelia begu and mona barthel , progressed in straight sets . begu , seeded 13th , required two hours and a second-set tie-break to win 6-2 7-6 ( 7/5 ) against german qualifier laura siegemund , who had hammered japanese veteran kimiko date-krumm 6-0 6-1 to reach the tournament proper . barthel , two places lower than begu in the seedings , broke serve four times in a 6-3 6-3 win over hungary 's timea babos . chanelle scheepers of south africa won 6-2 2-6 6-4 against new zealand 's marina erakovic while croatian ajla tomljanovic beat romania 's alexandra dulgheru 7-6 ( 7/5 ) 4-6 6-4 . there was an easier time for diyas ' kazakh compatriot yaroslava shvedova , who beat switzerland 's stefanie voegele 7-5 6-2 . the two all-american ties ended with lauren davis beating grace min and wild-card sachia vickery victorious against qualifier jessica pegula , both in three sets . shelby rogers brushed aside spain 's silvia soler-espinosa 6-3 6-1 but irina falconi was dismissed just as comfortably by tatjana maria of germany and nicole gibbs and christina mchale lost in straight sets to shuai zhang and danka kovinic respectively . kristina kucova beat mirjana lucic-baroni while evgeniya rodina saw off yulia putintseva . the last match of the evening went the distance with ukrainian qualifier kateryna bondarenko eventually beating alison riske of america 6-4 4-6 6-1 after two hours on court .