a miami university of ohio student killed by her boyfriend in february was shot in her own bed in a locked bedroom as she slept fully clothed , according to a grisly coroner 's report revealed tuesday . rebecca eldemire , 21 , was shot repeatedly in the face with a .357 magnum by her boyfriend , 27-year-old larry tipton . after shooting eldemire twice , tipton laid down face up beside her and fatally shot himself . ' on a desk within ( eldemire 's bedroom ) is a two-page ( suicide ) note written by him , ' reads the report obtained by the cincinnati enquirer . scroll down for video . killed : larry tipton , left , fatally shot his ex-girlfriend , 21-year-old rebecca eldemire , right , before taking his own life in her off-campus apartment in oxford , ohio on sunday morning . when rebecca eldemire called 911 the night before her murder for help getting away from her boyfriend , one painful excerpt reveals how naive the 21-year-old was to what her older boyfriend was capable of . eldemire : i 'm having a bit of an issue with my boyfriend ... he 's coming in from out of town and wants to talk to me . he obviously knows where i live and i 'm just a little nervous about the situation . i broke up with him today . 911 operator : ok , do you know , does he have any weapons or anything ? eldemire : he does own guns , yes , but i do n't think he would bring any with him . police officers left after eldemire told them she was okay to handle larry tipton on her own . he murdered her the next morning before turning the gun on himself . source : wcpo . eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol , according to the report . she was shot at ' intermediate ' range , the report says -- meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank . investigators noted that they found no signs of struggle , the enquirer reports . tipton left a suicide note . another note was found at his columbus home . according to their facebook pages , the couple had been dating for a few years and were pictured smiling together as recently as last month . the day before she was murdered , eldemire contacted oxford police to say that she wanted protection from her ex-boyfriend , sergeant jon varley of oxford police said at a press conference on monday . officers arrived and stopped tipton in the parking lot of the apartment where eldemire lived and on her request , they took him up to the home , varley said . ' after a brief conversation , eldemire told officers they could leave as they were no longer needed , ' he added , and the officers left . but at 8.45am on sunday , her roommates called police , who arrived and found the bodies and one gun inside the room , they said . tipton , who was from columbus , was not a student at the university . eldemire , a double major of geography and geographical information systems , had one parent living in maineville and another in columbus , as well as a brother . together : eldemire , who started dating lipton in 2012 , had called police to her apartment the day before her murder to protect her when he arrived . but after speaking with him , she sent the officers away , police said . she worked as a student supervisor at the library , and had spent a previous summer teaching students english in a remote village in tanzania , the college said . eldemire 's uncle , stephen wright , released a statement on behalf of her family . ' we are deeply saddened by the loss of our beautiful daughter rebecca , ' it read . ' we appreciate all of the thoughts and prayers , but ask that you respect the family 's privacy at this time . ' the rebecca c. eldemire beeps ( betterment for environmental and earth protection ) foundation will be created in her honor , striving toward rebecca 's lifelong goal of creating a more sustainable planet . ' tipton 's parents , who are often pictured with eldemire on their facebook pages , also released a statement following the deaths , wcpo reported . ' as you can imagine , this horrible tragedy has left our family in shock and absolutely heartbroken , ' larry and marybeth tipton said in a statement . ' to lose our son , and also becca , whom we loved like a member of our family , is unthinkable . scene : the next morning , her roommates heard loud bangs inside her bedroom and called police . probe : eldemire was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol , according to the report . she was shot at ' intermediate ' range , the report says -- meaning close enough to cause powder burns but not point blank . ' we ask that our privacy be respected as we cope with this as a family and appreciate the prayers and understanding of our friends and community . ' eldemire 's death is the first homicide of a miami university student in three decades , the enquirer reported . ' this is a terrible tragedy , ' said miami president david hodge . ' our hearts go out to the families and friends . it is an incredibly painful and sad time for miami . ' her family has set up a foundation in her memory called the rebecca c. eldemire beeps foundation - betterment for environmental and earth protection . see below for video . 