ask manny pacquiao why he believes boxing to be the greatest sport of all and there is no mention of the $ 120 million or more he will be paid for going toe-to-toe with floyd mayweather in the most lucrative fist fight in history . rather , his mind goes back to when the pacman was the packid , a 12-year-old urchin in the mud of the philippines whose mother was eking out the food for the family . ‘ somebody told me and my friends some fights were being put on in the town , ’ he recalls . ‘ i did not know what boxing was but they said they you got a prize whatever the result . two hundred pesos ( two dollars ) to win , a hundred to lose . ’ manny pacquiao was the star attraction as he held an open workout in los angeles on wednesday . pacquiao was in good spirits as he showed off his skills for the gathered crowd at the wild card gym . pacquiao addressed gathered media and talked about his upcoming may 2 fight with floyd mayweather . pacquaio opened up about his motivation , his belief in god and journey to the top in boxing . pacquaio works out in the ring in front of the world 's media . pacquiao does some pad work with trainer freddie roach . pacquiao held an open training session at the wild card gym in hollywood . the filipino star works on his body shots with roach . ' so we went and i won . i took the two dollars home and gave them to my mother so she could put more food on the table . but when she asked where i got the money i didn’t tell her it was for fighting . ‘ we went back every sunday and i kept winning the two dollars . then my uncle came with a stack of videos and i watched ali and foreman and holyfield and so many others . ’ and so it began . ‘ boxing is the best sport because it teaches you about life , ’ he says . ‘ it taught me you will receive if you give back . ’ it is a lesson he wants to pass on to mayweather . ‘ when this fight is finished i would like us to sit down quietly together to talk , ’ says pacquiao . ‘ i want to speak to him about the gospel of the lord and how everything we get is a gift from god . how we are the stewards of this blessing and should use it for good . ’ pacquiao and his trainer freddie roach ( right ) do some padwork as the media gather to watch . pacquiao showed off his impressive speed - which he will hope will trouble mayweather . pacquiao looked calm and content as he went through his stretching and warm-up routine . pacquiao and roach take a break from the workout as they prepare for the biggest fight of their lives . twenty-four hours earlier the equivalent story told by mayweather was of how he told those close to him that he would become the first boxer to earn more than a hundred million bucks in a night . and since he is reputed to spend his fortunes on fast cars , fast living and fast women , this may seem an unlikely post-fight reunion . but the pacman smooths the way to the money man by saying : ‘ floyd deserves his money because he’s earned it . he has the right to use it his way . but i would like to tell him how good it feels to help people who need it , like giving them plots of land and the houses they build on them . ’ pacquiao’s generosity to his impoverished countrymen is as legendary as mayweather’s excesses , although it should be stressed that floyd jnr is a charitable benefactor himself . but there is a difference , also , in their view of their craft . mayweather admits that he has fallen out of love with boxing and regards it now as a business . pacquiao says : ‘ boxing is still my passion . i do it to please the fans , to give them excitement in return for their support . not for the money . i am not a materialist . pacquiao started to warm-up in front of the gathered crowd after first speaking to the media ( right ) . pacquiao opened up about his journey from fighting in the philippines to the richest boxing bout in history . pacquiao says he wants to entertain the fans and has warned mayweather that his killer instinct is back . ‘ now we have one of the biggest fights in history . but it’s not about how much we will be paid . whether it’s two dollars or a hundred million dollars - it’s what you do with it . ’ mayweather suspects that pacquiao’sl determination to give the fans their money’s worth – especially when they will be forking out huge amounts in las vegas on may to watch their fight of the century – may be his downfall . he describes pacquiao as a reckless fighter , citing his shocking ko by juan manuel marquez as proof . the pacman responds : ‘ we would be nothing without the fans and this fight would not be so big . so we should entertain them . yes , sometimes there is a price to pay , but it is worth it . ’ there is method to what mayweather regards as madness . floyd jnr morphed into mr money by virtue of one of the most clever defences ever erected in the prize-ring . pacman says : ‘ boxing is about punching . ’ pacquiao 's trainer roach was also much sought after at the wild card gym in los angeles . roach had concerns that pacquiao led too busy a lifestyle and it was previously affecting his performances . he would like to draw his rival as the best pound-for-pound boxer into an open fight : ‘ if he comes to try to knock me out it would be good for me . we’ll see . ‘ but whatever happens it should be a better fight than five years ago , when everyone says it should have happened . we are fully developed as fighters and the world is watching now . ’ mayweather keeps insisting it is ‘ just another fight . ’ pacquiao says : ‘i’m excited . i love it . no , this fight will not define my career . that is done by all my accomplishments in becoming the only eight-division world champion . but winning this will be a big additional achievement for my legacy , ’ . he did bridle when mayweather’s money team insinuated that he had risen through the weights with the help of chemical substances , which was why he challenged his opponent that if one of them tested positive for drugs that man should pay the other $ 5 million . it was an offer mayweather refused . pacquiao 's promoter bob arum talks to the media ahead of the fight with mayweather in may . but perhaps , naturally charming though he is and endlessly obliging to all and sundry , a little of that resentment is driving him on . his trainer freddie roach had been concerned that in rediscovering god and purifying his life-style he may have lost some of his bite – and hence the drop in knock-out ratio . pacquiao says ; ‘ my determination to win has never been higher than for this fight . my killer instinct is back . ’ at this very moment his pet jack russell terrier , also called pacman and who accompanies him everywhere including the gym , barks . loudly enough to be heard above the frenzied clamour of his master’s media day at roach’s iconic wild card gym in west hollywood . pacquiao grins : ‘it’s nothing personal with mayweather . we are just fighting for many things . ’ floyd mayweather hit the pads with uncle roger during a media workout at his las vegas gym on tuesday . mayweather revealed he is no longer enjoying his boxing and sees the sport more as a business now . mayweather works to the body with co-trainer nate jones in front of a huge crowd at his gym . there is no re-match clause in the contract and mayweather has expressed no appetite for there to be a second fight . but for pacquiao one good reason would be for him to even up split of the gigantic purse . ‘ i am not happy to have conceded 60-40 per cent to floyd , ’ he says . ‘ negotiating would be easier for the re-match . to make this happen we had to give him everything he wanted . if there is a next time it would be a different deal . ‘ not for me . for my people . i can not see anyone going hungry and not help them . ’ once again , his mind is taking him back 24 years to the philippines and those two-dollar fights .