an adaptor that allows colour blind people to enjoy tv without a loss of detail is seeking funding on kickstarter . called eye2tv , it adjusts colours in the image so that shows look ' normal ' , even if features colours such as red and green that would otherwise not be visible . and the subtle effect is such that someone with normal vision will barely notice any change in the picture , so people can easily watch tv together . scroll down for video . norwich scientists have developed an adaptor for colour blindness . eye2tv can be plugged into any hdmi port on a tv or a computer monitor ( shown in illustration ) . a remote control or app then adjusts the colour adjustment . it allows colour blind people to watch shows they otherwise could n't . the team from the university of east anglia in norwich is seeking £100,000 ( $ 150,000 ) of funding to get their project of the ground . at the moment you can buy a single adaptor with a bluetooth remote control for £50 ( $ 75 ) , with shipping expected in may 2016 . the device uses a patented eyeteq algorithm to automatically adjust the picture , with a variety of settings available until optimal picture quality is found . the video is enhanced on a frame-by-frame basis through spectral edge 's patented eyeteq image enhancement technology , offering a dramatically improved viewing experience . the picture quality can be adjusted via remote control to suit the unique colour-vision of the individual viewer . to make the effect work , they created a small gadget that plugs into the hdmi port of a tv or monitor . you then plug another device into the adaptor and , using an app or remote , adjust the colour settings on whatever you are watching . it works with any hd-ready screen , such as a tv or a computer monitor . it charges using a usb cable , which can be plugged into a spare usb port or into a plug . and the goal is to enable people of all sight levels to enjoy shows . at the moment , more than 90 per cent of forms of colour blindness are supported . around four per cent of the world 's population suffers from colour blindness . their viewing experience is particularly affected when watching particular content types . for example , it can be difficult to tell sports teams apart , particularly if one is playing in red and the other in green , while programmes about wildlife , cookery and art are severely impacted . ' a 2014 champions league football match between an all red and an all green football team [ liverpool and ludogrets ] was unwatchable for colour blind fans , ' explained christopher cytera , managing director of spectral edge , the spin-off company of the university developing the product . but with eye2tv , the same match could have been watched by people who were colour blind and not alike . the team also says nature shows are difficult to watch , as they often mix colours that are indistinguishable to people who are colour blind . a champions league football match between liverpool and ludogrets on 16 september 2014 ( pictured ) was criticised because the teams played in red and green , making it difficult from people who suffered from colour blindness to watch the match . with eye2tv , the same match could have been watched by people who were colour blind and not alike . on the left is the regular version , while on the right is the subtle changes made by the eyeteq algorithm . another example is shown here , with the regular spider on the left and an enhanced version right . playing video games which feature predominantly red or green characters and those with subtle colour differences between good guys and monsters is also difficult . ' the inability to enjoy watching tv or to play video games alongside friends and family is a major frustration to those suffering from colour blindness , significantly impacting their quality of life , ' added mr cytera . ' our image enhancement technology is proven to solve this major accessibility issue , and the eye2tv adapter is poised to transform how colour blind people , and their families , watch tv and video content . ' by launching the project on kickstarter we can accelerate bringing our technology to the consumer electronics market , giving those with colour blindness the chance to become early adopters and improve their viewing experience . ' the company also has an app that is available , enabling people to view content on their smartphone or tablet that they would otherwise not be able to see .