a mother whose boyfriend is accused of repeatedly raping her 10-year-old daughter abandoned the girl at her grandparents ' home before moving back in with the man , it has emerged . the child , corinne gump , and her grandparents were killed in a massive house fire in the early hours of monday , just hours before robert seman , jr. , 46 , was to go on trial for allegedly sexually abusing the girl over several years . after the three bodies were found in the home in youngstown , ohio , police went to seman 's home and found corinne 's mother , lynn schmidt , wkbn reported . she was taken to the police station to be interviewed but she has not been arrested . loss : corinne gump , 10 , and her grandparents were killed in a house fire on monday - the day her mother 's boyfriend was set to go on trial for raping her . her mother is pictured heading to the police station , right . left behind : her mother , lynn schmidt , reportedly left the girl with her grandparents and went back to her boyfriend 's home , even after she knew he was accused of sexually assaulting her daughter . it has emerged that , following the rape allegations against seman , schmidt and her daughter moved in with her parents , judy and bill schmidt , but she eventually headed back to her boyfriend 's home . seman was under electronically-monitored house arrest at the time of the deadly fire but he was taken back into custody on monday , accused of trying to bribe a witness in the rape case . investigators said they have found no evidence that the origin of the blaze was suspicious but that they continue to investigate and his trial has been postponed . corinne gump and her grandparents , 61-year-old judy and 63-year-old bill , who were both deaf , lost their lives in the early-morning blaze after neighbors reported hearing loud explosions . ' it was fully involved , ' fire chief john o'neill told the youngstown vindicator . ' we had quite a bit of fire in the basement , so that 's the likely origin . they had fire all through the house , top to bottom . the floors were giving way almost immediately upon entry . ' accused : robert seman , jr. , 46 , was back in custody on monday ( pictured ) after it emerged he allegedly tried to bribe a witness in the case . he was under house arrest and electronic monitoring at the time of the fire . taken away : seman , who allegedly raped the young girl over several years , remains in custody . the three bodies were found on the second floor ; all were out of their beds and the way their bodies were positioned looked as if they were trying to get out , fire chief john o'neill told the vindicator . it is not yet clear if they had smoke detectors in the home . smoke detectors for the hearing-impaired can send vibrations , sound or light to alert residents . steve leland , director of easter seals youngstown hearing and speech center community center , told the vindicator that the local deaf community is mourning the loss of the couple . ' bill and judy were always willing to talk to parents who 'd just found out they had a deaf child , ' he said . ' they would often discuss options for raising a deaf child , talking about their own personal life experiences , being deaf themselves , and raising deaf children . ' the couple had three children , two of whom are deaf . william schmidt was a retired at & t lineman , while his wife taught deaf people sign language , the publication reported . ' they were very outgoing , very sweet people , always ready to help , ' leland added . battle : firefighters pulled the three bodies from the second floor of the home on monday morning . destruction : fire officers said the blaze quickly ripped through the home from bottom to top . but they said there was no evidence that the cause of the fire was suspicious . questions : fire captain kurt wright and a state fire marshall look into the back of the house on monday as an investigation continues into the cause of the fire . neighbors reported hearing explosions . corinne was a 4th grade student at south range school , where officials have assembled a crisis team to counsel students and staff affected by the tragedy . seman , himself a father of a two-year-old , had been accused of abusing corinne from when she was just four years old until she was eight , wfmj reported , citing an indictment from a year ago . his trial has been delayed in light of the deaths but no new date has yet been set . prosecutors are hoping to convince the judge to allow statements the girl made to a social worker and a nurse before her death . he has been charged with four counts of rape and four counts of gross sexual imposition and could face life in prison if convicted . see below for video . 