russian president vladimir putin said russia has key interests in common with the united states and needs to work with it on a common agenda . russia has key interests in common with the united states and needs to work with it on a common agenda , russian president vladimir putin said on saturday in a television interview . in his comments to the state-run rossiya channel , putin appeared to soften his anti-american rhetoric after being highly critical . relations between moscow and washington , and other western powers , have soured over the conflict in russia 's neighbor ukraine , sinking to an all-time low . ' we have disagreements on several issues on the international agenda . ' but at the same time there is something that unites us , that forces us to work together , ' putin said . ' i mean general efforts directed at making the world economy more democratic , measured and balanced , so that the world order is more democratic . ' we have a common agenda . ' putin has in the past fiercely attacked the united states and the west in general , blaming them for the ukraine crisis , which russia says was the result of a western-backed ' coup ' against ukraine 's former leader viktor yanukovich . russia has repeatedly denied accusations from kiev and the west that it is supporting pro-russian rebels with troops and weapons in eastern ukraine , where more than 6,000 people have been killed since last april . his latest remark comes two days after an annual tv phone-in show in which putin accused the united states of trying to dominate world affairs , saying it wanted ' not allies , but vassals ' . on saturday , putin ( pictured above with u.s. president obama in november 2014 at the asia pacific economic cooperation summit ) said the u.s. and russia have a common agenda of general efforts directed at making the world economy more democratic , measured and balanced . during the thursday interview , he also made it clear that russia wants an end to fighting in eastern ukraine and is interested in rebuilding damaged ties with the united states and other western nations . the u.s. and the european union imposed sanctions on russia over moscow 's annexation of the crimean peninsula and accusations of supporting separatists in ukraine . at the same time , he reaffirmed his long-held criticism of what he sees as u.s. aspirations of global domination , saying washington must learn to treat russia as an equal partner . ' the main condition for restoring normal relations is to have respect for russia and its interests , ' putin said on thursday , adding that the united states ' does n't need allies ; they need vassals . ' however , his criticisms of the west on saturday were more moderate than in some previous appearances . but , both russia and the west say they back a peace deal agreed in minsk in february , as a result of which a ceasefire in the donbass region is largely holding .