lucky : selena dicker , 38 , outran the avalanche on mount everest in the wake of the nepal quake . a british climber has cheated death on everest for the second time in a year , it emerged last night . as rescuers faced a desperate race against time to airlift stranded climbers off the world 's highest peak after the devastating earthquake on saturday night , selina dicker described how she ran for her life as a wall of snow and ice tore through base camp . miss dicker , 38 , from london , was at the same camp on april 18 last year when an avalanche killed 16 sherpas who were climbing ahead of her group . the tragedy forced miss dicker , head of lending for finance company europa capital mezzanine , to abandon her first attempt on the summit . miss dicker – who was in the same climbing party as google executive dan fredinburg , who died in saturday 's avalanche – described the ordeal in a satellite phone call to her mother gail dicker at her home in ranworth , norfolk . mrs dicker , 61 , said : ' she 's a very lucky girl . i just want to see her home . others in her group tried to out-run it and one of them was killed and two were seriously hurt . ' miss dicker , who was born with a cleft palate , had been trying to raise £45,000 for operation smile , which provides surgery for children with the condition . her mother said : ' she wanted to go back and have another go . i tried to talk her out of it as any mother would , but she is a determined and independent woman of 38 and you can not tell them what to do . ' i am hoping her father will talk her out of it if she wants to go back again . she listens to him more than me . ' six helicopters have been flying perilous rescue missions since the earthquake triggered a ' tsunami ' of ice and rock which crushed base camp , killing at least 18 people and injuring dozens more . bad weather , continued aftershocks , and poor communication have scuppered subsequent trips , leaving hundreds stranded . climber alex staniforth , 19 , from chester , said on twitter that he was ' very lucky to be alive ' after being evacuated to base camp . but while some climbers were able to tweet and update their facebook pages , others were cut off from communications , leaving worried families in britain desperate for news . up to 70 britons are unaccounted for . traveller samuel beckett , 23 , from leicester , is missing and his father martin said : ' we have not heard anything . we just keep watching the news and keep looking through the social media sites . ' among the other stories emerging from the disaster zone were : miss dicker , from fulham , southwest london , escaped the wall of snow and rocks as it tore through the everest base camp on saturday morning , by running for her life and seeking shelter from a ridge . tragedy : miss dicker , front left , was part of the same climbing party as google executive dan fredinburg , far top right , who died in the avalanche on saturday . cut off and praying for a helicopter . awaiting rescue yesterday , newlyweds sam and alex chappatte were in good spirits as they tweeted from the mountain : ' all alex keeps talking about is her need for a glass of wine . some of us are more chilled out than others . ' as the adventurous couple , both 28 , spent a third night halfway up everest , alex 's sister liz schneider , 23 , said : ' the ordeal is n't over . they have not been able to get off yet . ' we are just keeping our fingers crossed and hoping they can get to safety soon . ' awaiting rescue yesterday , newlyweds sam and alex chappatte were in good spirits as they tweeted from the mountain . video has emerged of the moment the earthquake hit mount everest and triggered a massive avalanche . the chappattes , who married two weeks ago in chelsea , london , tweeted earlier yesterday : ' trying to get a chopper . ' they then wrote ' fog creeping up the valley ' . the newlyweds have described how they saw an ' avalanche coming straight at us ' and were blown over by a blast of wind . they scrambled to shelter behind other tents and had to keep making air holes in the snow to breathe as the avalanche engulfed them . desperate sos from missing trekker . the family of a missing british woman has received an sos message saying her group is trapped without food and water and in desperate need of medical assistance . yoga student susannah ross , 20 , has not been in contact since she left for a trek in the remote valleys in the langtang national park on friday . one of her fellow walkers – from south africa – managed to send a message to his mother saying the group needed help . yoga student susannah ross , 20 , has not been in contact since she left for a trek in the remote valleys in the langtang national park on frida . susannah 's sister nina , 25 , from bath , somerset , said : ' someone has managed to text or something saying they are stuck in an area with 15 other trekkers . they have sent the co-ordinates but said in the message that some are injured and that they do n't have any food or water and that they really need to be rescued . they have said they need a helicopter to get out . ' all the roads around them are ruined and they ca n't get out . we are frantically trying to work out a way of reaching her and getting her help . ' the phone calls ... and the grim silence . gap-year volunteer anna buchanan , 18 , from new malden , was missing for more than 24 hours until she contacted her distraught mother pauline , who said : ' as i spoke to her there was another tremor . everyone started screaming , it was just awful . ' saad hikmet , from mill hill , whose son jonathan , 25 , has not been heard of since the disaster , said : ' he was on a trek of northern nepal with yoga instructors and they 've been going around for a month . now we just want to know that he 's safe . ' philip green , 30 , originally from st john 's wood , london , was still missing yesterday . his brother rob said : ' obviously we are extremely worried at the moment . it 's a nightmare for us . ' barbara and ian nightingale , who are from nottingham and in their 60s , were believed to be trekking in nepal at the time of the quake . a couple from carshalton in south london – chloe pincho and brennan white – were trekking up everest at the time of the disaster , but last night made contact . pensioner ann mcneil , from new milton , hampshire , was on an adventure holiday with her two brothers . daughter karen korvin , 40 , had set up an urgent appeal for information and announced last night that they had been found . she wrote online : ' i love you , mum , please come home safely . ' leicester university has paid tribute to post-graduate medical student marisa eve girawong , from new jersey in the united states , who was killed in the tragedy . holby city actress catherine russell tweeted a picture of a relative , mike russell , who was missing . the 42-year-old has since been found . climbers could be seen sprinting away from the wall of snow and taking refuge in their tents at base camp . altitude sickness saves amanda holden 's sister . amanda holden said her sister was trapped on the mountain and may have been saved because she had altitude sickness . the britain 's got talent judge said debbie holden had sent a text message to let her family know she had survived the avalanche . miss holden said of her sister , a scuba-diving instructor : ' it 's awful , i can barely speak . i 'm still quite numb . it 's hard to take in what an awful situation it is in nepal . ' she said debbie had not yet reached base camp , where the avalanche struck , because she had been ill and had stopped to recover . amanda holden said her sister debbie was trapped on the mountain and may have been saved because she had altitude sickness .