a thug who shook a baby girl so violently she was left permanently disabled and died more than a decade later was today jailed for three years for manslaughter . kealeigh-anne woolley was just seven months old when she was left blind , unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by colin heath in january 2000 . she spent most of her life in a wheelchair and could only eat through a tube until her death in 2011 . violently shaken : kealeigh-anne woolley , pictured above before the incident , was just seven months old when she was left blind , unable to talk and severely brain damaged after being shaken by colin heath . tragic : the child , pictured with her mother amanda woolley in 2001 , spent most of her life in a wheelchair . police arrested heath , now 43 , last september and yesterday he was jailed for three years and two months at birmingham crown court after he admitted manslaughter . the judge , mr justice sir charles haddon-cave , said : ' it is clear that caring for kealeigh had a profound effect for those who loved and cared for her , particularly her mother who also suffered . ' kealeigh 's mother describes movingly a lifetime of pain and anguish kealeigh suffered in her [ victim impact ] statement . ' her life was turned upside-down in january 2000 . her happy and healthy baby was suddenly disabled . ' the fact that kealeigh lived as long as she did is a testament to the care and love by those around her . ' her cause of death is directly attributable to the injury suffered in the care of mr heath in january 2000 . ' her whole life ahead of her : kealeigh-anne , pictured looking healthy before the incident , was subjected to the violent treatment by her mother 's 28-year-old boyfriend at the time , colin heath . worst nightmare : kealeigh-anne 's mother had been out with her sister when the devastating incident took place . when she returned home later that night she found her daughter unresponsive and floppy . in her victim impact statement , miss woolley said : ' keels would have been 16-years old this year . she should be getting excited for her school prom . she should be here for here for her family . ' you [ heath ] took it all away from her . i thank keels for giving me 11 years , 11 amazing years . i would do anything to have her back here . ' i can not have her back though as she is gone forever . ' miss woolley was 20 when she left her daughter with heath , who she had been in a relationship with for two months , while she went out with her sister angela on january 16 , 2000 . when she returned home later that night she found kealeigh-anne unresponsive and floppy on the floor of her home in newcastle-under-lyme , staffs . prosecutor rachel brand qc said : ' in january 2000 , he [ heath ] caused severe brain injuries to kealeigh-anne , who had been born on june 22 , 1999 , and therefore was aged seven months at the time . ' her death on february 6 , 2011 , was a direct but delayed consequence of the injuries she suffered in january 2000 . there is no dispute about any medical evidence . ' when amanda woolley came home late that evening , it was obvious to her that the baby was not well . ' she seemed to have one eye closed and had red marks on her forehead . ' her neighbour , a mother herself , suggested she did not need to go to hospital . ' when kealeigh-anne was still pale and floppy the next morning miss woolley rushed her to north staffordshire hospital where it was discovered that the child had fallen into a coma . following the incident , she spent months in hospital but was left in a wheelchair , developed epilepsy , cerebral palsy and needed to wear a body cast because her limbs were completely rigid . damning evidence : experts compared pictures of kealeigh-anne taken on the night miss woolley went out and concluded she suffered the injuries while in the care of heath . miss brand added : ' it was clear to the doctors she was in a bad state . she had very severe brain injuries . ' we heard the brain injuries were indicative of non-accidental shaking to which excessive force was used . ' there were excessive bruises on her arms , abdomen and back . ' doctors were clear that kealeigh-anne could not have appeared normal after that severe brain injury was sustained . ' these injuries were life-threatening . ' experts compared pictures of kealeigh-anne taken on the night miss woolley went out and concluded she suffered the injuries while in the care of heath . she spent months in hospital but she was left in a wheelchair , developed epilepsy , cerebral palsy and needed to wear a body cast because her limbs were completely rigid . heath , then aged 28 , was jailed for 18 months on december 4 , 2000 after admitting child cruelty and causing grievous bodily harm at stafford crown court . but he was re-arrested and charged with manslaughter after kealeigh-anne died on february 6 , 2011 - almost exactly 11 years after the brutal shaking . nursing assistant miss woolley , now 35 , also mother to six-year-old daughter ellie-rose , found kealeigh-anne lying dead in bed at 9.40pm . medical experts ruled her death was a direct result of her serious brain injuries sustained in the 2000 attack . waste of a life : kealeigh-anne died in her sleep on sunday february 6 2011 at the age of 11 . stuart muldoon , defending , said : ' this is a tragic case with tragic consequences . ' it was a short-lived shake of the child causing catastrophic injuries and ultimately death . ' mr heath had been living quite an active social life . he was a young man . he was 28 years of age at the time of the offence . ' he spent time , as most young men do , going out , frequenting nightclubs and bars . he has isolated himself since . he has been wracked with guilt . ' nothing that he says and nothing that he does can take us back to that day in january 2000 . ' it was an isolated incident and was not to cause violence or to cause cruelty against a small child . there was no intention to kill or cause serious injury . ' he has placed himself in almost complete isolation . his last relationship of any intimacy was back in 2003 . he struggles to deal with the enormity of his actions . ' he is remorseful and he is sorry . he will still feel disgust and guilt and shame of what he did to kealeigh and what impact that it had on her mother and the rest of her family . ' miss woolley , who attended court yesterday and burst into tears when the sentence was handed down , refused to comment afterwards . 