a war hero pilot who survived almost 70 skirmishes with the luftwaffe has died after being knocked down by a hit-and-run driver near his home . doug gregory , 92 , had popped out for his daily newspaper when he was struck by a car outside a petrol station . the ex-spitfire pilot suffered a serious head injury and was flown to hospital by air ambulance , but died two weeks later . a hero : doug gregory . 92 , only retired from his job as a stunt pilot two years ago . he was awarded the distinguished flying cross after surviving almost 70 missions over nazi-occupied europe . fighter pilot : the 92-year-old had survived 70 missions against the luftwaffe during the second world war . he flew beaufighters and mosquitoes before testing aircraft , including models of spitfires and hurricanes . mr gregory began flying during the second world war and was awarded the distinguished flying cross for his gallantry in 69 combat missions over nazi-occupied europe . having volunteered for the royal air force as early as he could , straight after his 18th birthday in 1941 , mr gregory flew beaufighters and mosquitoes . he also tested a wide range of aircraft , including spitfires and hurricanes . a veteran of d-day , the raf’s battle of berlin bombing campaign and night sorties all over europe , he recalled years later : ‘ i wasn’t shot down but i was shot at . luckily they missed – most of the time . ’ mr gregory also survived a brain haemorrhage in 1947 . he only retired from his role as a stunt pilot at the age of 90 . mr gregory was performing loop-the-loops throughout his 80s – earning the nickname the flying zimmer – as a founder member of the great war display team , a band of pilots determined to preserve the spirit and skills of britain’s first world war dogfighter heroes . knocked down : the war hero was making his daily trip to the shops and had just purchased a newspaper when he was struck . officers are still investigating the collision but say no-one has been arrested or charged . hit-and-run : police at the scene where mr gregory was knocked down by a car . officers say a female motorist driving a silver-coloured nissan involved in the collision came forward and was interviewed under caution . the accident happened on march 30 just after he had bought a paper at his local newsagent’s in blackfield , hampshire . his wife and son accompanied him to southampton general hospital , where he died on sunday . police said a woman who was driving a silver-coloured nissan involved in the accident later came forward and was interviewed under caution . a police spokesman said officers were still investigating the accident . he added that no one had been arrested or charged in connection with the collision . last night tributes poured in . military historian paul beaver tweeted : ‘ deep regret at passing of doug gregory , night intruder veteran & honorary member of army flying association . our thoughts with liz & family . ’ another fan tweeted : ‘ rip doug gregory dfc a great former mosquito and display pilot . blue skies , sir . very sad news . ’ mr gregory 's love of flying continued after the war . he built a 1917-style bi-plane and joined the great war display team , eventually becoming britain 's oldest stunt pilot until he decided to give up his role in 2013 . teacher : after leaving the raf in 1946 mr gregory ( left ) became an art teacher at two hampshire schools . police said no-one had been arrested or charged in connection with the collision in blackfield ( right ) . when he gave up his role as a stunt pilot in 2013 mr gregory insisted he would still continue to fly planes . mr gregory left the raf in 1946 and spent the rest of his working life teaching art in a hampshire comprehensive . but on his retirement , aged 60 , he wanted to do something more than garden and play golf , so he used his £5,000 savings to spend four years building himself the 1917-style se5a biplane that he flew in airshows . he joined the great war display team , saying : ‘ flying has been my favourite thing all my life , especially aerobatics . i don’t do any other kind of sport . flying is quite enough to keep me going . ’ determined to teach younger generations of the bravery of the first world war pilots , he said in 2007 : ‘ i am afraid that the public’s grasp of history today is pathetic . ' if we can help people understand a bit more about what happened in the great war , then it has to be worthwhile . ’ in 2010 , mr gregory and some of his fellow pilots took part in a mock dogfight over the new forest to celebrate the centenary of the former royal fying corps airfield at east boldre . he finally quit flying in 2013 , saying of his beloved biplane : ‘ i will miss it terribly , but it is difficult to get in and out of and very hard to start . ’ 