he made the headlines for his plan to travel 20,000 miles on 21 flights in first class ... without paying a penny . now american 28-year-old scott keyes has revealed his savvy secrets so you too can explore the world without falling into the ticket traps . the think progress reporter reveals his travel hacks in his ebooks how to fly for free and how to find cheap flights , and spoke to mailonline travel about his top tips . scroll down for video . scott keyes ( above ) , a 28-year-old writer for think progress , is about to travel 20,000miles on 21 flights . globe-trotter : along the way he will be stopping by 13 countries in europe and south and north america . stock up flyer miles through credit cards . keyes recommends credit cards are the best way to go if you want to quickly and easily rack up frequent flyer miles , which you can then use to take free flights . he only sign up for cards with high sign-up bonuses and relatively low spending thresholds necessary to get those . for example , a card he just got gave 50,000 bonus points for spending $ 1,000 in three months . the writer makes a point of putting all everyday spending on credit cards in order to hit these spending thresholds . ( unfortunately , this is mostly true for american travellers ; european credit cards and elsewhere tend to offer fairly meagre perks . ) as long as you can handle credit responsibly and treat your credit card like a debit card , you can work towards a surprising amount of free travel . my favourite credit card is almost always whichever one offers the best sign-up bonus at the time . so right now , the best three are american airlines ' citi platinum card , the united mileageplus explorer card , and british airways visa signature card , each of which offers a sign-up bonus of 50,000 miles . ( for complicated reasons , i probably like the ba card the best , because if you 're flying less than 650 miles , 50,000 miles will get you as many as 11 free flights . ) i basically ignore the ' get one mile for every dollar you spend ' incentive , since i do n't have much money to spend . in order to get as many miles as the sign-up bonus , i would have to spend $ 50,000 ! i focus almost exclusively on the sign-up bonus when deciding what card to get next . keyes uses a number of techniques to travel first class around the world for free , which he has revealed in his two ebooks . here pictured in mexico . fly on the cheapest days of the week . be flexible with your dates when you want to take a trip of a set number of days . often times a friday-monday flight will be cheaper than a thursday-sunday , for instance , even though it 's the same number of days . usually the cheapest days to fly are tuesday , wednesday , and saturday . keyes poses while rafting down sumidero canyon which is located near the city of chiapa de corzo in mexico . check the day before and after for cheaper fares . always search one day before or after just out of curiosity , because sometime red-eye flights can technically leave on the next day . these flights leave late at night , arriving in early morning and inside the us these flights are almost exclusively for travel from the west to the east . ' i once helped my friend george cut the price of a round trip flight to vegas nearly in half by finding a redeye flight that left just after midnight , making it technically a monday flight and not a sunday flight , ' keyes tells mailonline travel . wading into the waters of hierve el agua in oaxaca , mexico , rock formations and the remnants of old geysers . work backwards with your trip . if you want the cheapest flights , chase the fare , not the destination . in other words , rather than picking a destination and then looking for the cheapest way to get there , start out by looking where there are cheap flights , and then decide among those where you 'd like to go . keyes explains : ' i never had my heart set on going to milan , but when a $ 65 flight from nyc-milan popped up , i jumped on it . ' that 's too great a deal to pass up , after all . ' the 28-year-old having fun wearing a tortoise shell in the galapagos islands on holiday . search for the whole month for flights . refer to websites such as kayak and ita matrix which give you an month 's overview of flights a prices . make your itinerary as flexible as possible so you are able to opt for going a few weeks after you intended to get the lower fares . enjoying the view ! the writer recommends flying on a tuesday , wednesday , and saturday as these are usually cheaper . try flying to gateway airports . if you 're flying to a different continent and want the cheapest price , you should search for a number of different gateway airports in that region . for example , if you want to fly to bali , start by searching for flights to bali , but do n't stop there . also look at the cost of flights to jakarta , bangkok , hong kong , singapore , and kuala lumpur . if any of those flights is significantly cheaper , you can usually find a cheap budget flight from there to continue on to bali . searching leg-by-leg like this can save hundreds on your overall flight cost because flight search engines usually ca n't combine a long haul flight on one airline with a short flight on a separate budget airline . ocean views in the dominican republic . the flyer picks the flight before choosing a destination to visit , to save money . dayton , ohio - dallas , fort worth - 861 miles . dallas , forth worth - mexico city - 935 miles . oaxaca , mexico - mexico city - 228 miles . mexico city - managua , nicaragua - 994 miles . managua - panama city - 507 miles . panama city - port of spain , trinidad - 1234 miles . port of spain - st lucia 217 miles . st lucia - st george 's , grenada - 131 miles . st george 's - miami - 1535 miles . miami - dusseldorf , germany , 4733 miles . dusseldorf - dresden , germany , 304 miles . prague , czech rep - vienna , austria , 173 miles . vienna - kiev , ukraine , 665 miles . lvov , ukraine - vienna , 356 miles . vienna - sofia , bulgaria , 500 miles . sofia - vienna , 500 miles . vienna - vilnius , lithuania , 587 miles . vilnius - helsinki , finland , 393 miles . helsinki - berlin , germany , 697 miles . berlin - chicago , 4412 miles . chicago - dayton , 240 miles . total : 20205 miles . do n't book in advance . do n't buy domestic flights more than one-three months in advance . fares rarely go on sale further than three months in advance , so you 'll miss out on some upcoming deals if you book too early . on the other side , do n't wait until the last minute to book . unlike 20 years ago , standby fares are mostly a thing of the past and fares tend to shoot up in the final days before a flight actually takes place . for popular flight times during the holiday season or for long haul , look six months in advance . being bumped is not the end of the world . being delayed or bumped from a flight is a situation many travellers fear . however it could prove to be in your favour with some airports if you ask for money or frequent flyer miles instead of flight vouchers . ' i was once given a $ 500 voucher and a confirmed seat on the next flight — an hour and a half later , ' keyes wrote in how to fly for free . ' in other words , i earned $ 333/hour . ' like me , if your goal is to fly for free , you probably don’t make $ 333/hour . ' plus , unlike flights you book using miles , you actually earn miles when you pay using a voucher . ' keyes is seen posing in front of the famed materhorn on a previous trip , which straddles the border of switzerland and italy . take advantage of tweet deck and email alerts . do n't make flight hunting something you only do when looking to plan your trip . constantly be updated with alerts and tweets promoting the cheapest tickets . keyes recommends the best newsletter alerts are from airfarewatchdog and the flight deal . you can also sign up to receive emails from the savvy traveller himself for deals he comes across . the writer recommends being open to stop off at a gateway airport in a cheaper destination , before continuing with the second leg of your journey to where you want to go .    