it was on new year 's day last year that juan mata finally cracked after being substituted by chelsea manager jose mourinho at southampton . he had done his utmost not to react and , placid by nature , there was no kicking water bottles , but he was visibly distraught despite the consolatory efforts of michael essien behind him . fast forward 16 months and there was an altogether different kind of substitution in the 81st minute of last sunday 's manchester derby . after scoring and inspiring united to 4-2 win , he received a standing ovation and a pat on the back from ryan giggs . manchester united midfielder juan mata turns away to celebrate after scoring against manchester city . mata had scored united 's third goal during the 4-2 victory over their bitter rivals at old trafford last week . mata looks dejected after being substituted by chelsea boss jose mourinho last year at stamford bridge . although he had been a popular figure at chelsea , mata could not convince mourinho to keep hold of him . louis van gaal is finally getting the best out of juan mata . in his last five games , the spaniard has performed better than he ever has in the premier league : mata is performing at the peak of his powers . he is not surprised by the turnaround in his own , and the team 's , fortunes — he began the season believing united could win the league this year with no european commitments . he told sportsmail last may : ' if we take liverpool as the example there you have a team who have fought all the way to the finish without the champions league . ' he was mocked for the optimism but if united beat chelsea at stamford bridge they will be only five points behind the leaders . when david moyes was manager , he and assistant phil neville had scouted europe for the 'mata-type player ' they believed the team needed before it became clear united could get the real thing . when louis van gaal arrived , mata took one step forward and two back . the early tinkering often meant he played in his favoured position behind the front two , but the three-man defence experiment undermined everything else the team did and results were poor . he ended up back where he had been at chelsea under mourinho — on the bench . mata missed the football he had played earlier in his career at valencia and under andre villas-boas at chelsea . the free spirit was being shackled and the only consolation was that others felt the same , none more so than ander herrera , the player he is closest to at the club . the two had won an under 21 european championship together with spain where they had enjoyed a freedom of expression now denied them . herrera , like mata , was out of the side . mata also missed london . when i interviewed him in 2012 before the champions league final he insisted on meeting in a kings road cafe because it was where he felt most at home . now he was in a mansion in alderley edge , south manchester . isolated and not playing . as united 's fortunes changed on the pitch , however , so mata 's season has been saved . with michael carrick now planted in front of a back four , the side has the balance to allow its creative players to thrive . mata is not in his favoured no 10 position but he is also comfortable on the right . ' i can come inside on my left foot and see the whole of the pitch in front of me , ' he says . mata enjoys a close friendship with fellow untied midfielder and spain international ander herrera ( right ) . mata scores the second of his two goals against liverpool at anfield this season , a stunning overhead kick . it is the same left foot giggs joked about with him when he joined , saying he was glad to see him arrive but unhappy that he no longer possessed the best left peg at old trafford . the relationship with giggs is healthy , as is the one struck up with wayne rooney . both were players mata admired before moving to england . as well as the bond with herrera he is close to david de gea — all three of them live on the same street . de gea is another with whom mata played in that under 21 european championship success in denmark in 2011 . having been part of the 2010 world cup-winning squad , mata 's willingness to step back down to the under 21s says a lot about his character . the open letter he wrote to chelsea fans when he left the club — against advice that it was not the best way to ingratiate himself with his new supporters — also spoke volumes . a chelsea fan holds a sign to pay tribute to mata , who earned himself a hero 's reputation in west london . mata never wanted to leave london but now he loves the countryside surrounding manchester . it reminds him of his home in asturias , and that more than makes up for not being in the capital . life there was good under villas-boas . ' he trusted me to play and he wants to play attractive , fun and winning football , ' he said , revealing a fondness for someone whom mourinho held in far lower esteem . mata never banged on the manager 's door when he fell out of favour at chelsea . mourinho never struck him as a man whose mind could be changed . he has always preferred to do his talking on the pitch . it has not always been easy but he is back at chelsea on saturday and there has never been a better time to make a lasting statement . mata gets ready to play a pass during a club training session at the aon training complex on friday . 