they are a stunning visualisation of the art - and how it is orange . a programmer has created these stunning graphs to reveal the dominant colour of artworks through history . they show orange has always been the most popular colour - although in recent years blue has begun to catch up . the software extracts the relevant colour information from images or artworks found online . the plot above is based on 94,526 images for the years 1800-2000 . the graph shows a clear trend toward more blue paintings toward the end of the 20th century , with all colours increasing except for orange . ' i made a visualization of the change in colors of paintings over time , ' said martin bellander , a phd student in psychology at the karolinska institute who created the graph . to do this , he wrote software first to scrape the images of the paintings from sites where they were available for free download - bbc , google art project , wikiart , wikimedia commons , and various museums . then , the software extract the relevant colour information from them , and plots it in a nice way . he found the paintings change over time - from orange to blue . ' the changes in color might be a results of a combination of factor , ' he wrote . ' one of these could of course be trends in the use of colour . ' if we assume a smooth linear deterioration of certain colours in oil paintings , it would be possible to subtract that change and study the short term fluctuation in colour use . ' for example the marked increase of blue at the time of the first world war , might actually reflect a true trend in colour use . ' two versions of van gogh 's sunflowers painting on show at the national gallery in in london , england : yellow and orange are the most popular colours in artworks from 1800 , it has been found . bellander used freely available images for the project . ' there are a bunch of different sites where you can access ( photos of ) paintings , for instance the bbc , google art project , wikiart , wikimedia commons , and various museums . . ' one of my favorites is the bbc 's site where you can browse through over 200k of well organized paintings - an amazing resource . ' for many of these there is also information on the year they were painted , the artist , etc . ' he believes that some experts who have claimed perhaps the change is due top the price of paint are wrong . ' i haven’t found any data on the prices of blue , so that explanation is hard to elaborate on . ' however , it is not only blue that increases but all colors except orange , which might speak against the pigment prices explanation . ' the same graph , but with only oil paintings . ' untrou sur l'orange ' by jesus rafael soto : researcher have found orange is by far the most common colour in art . 