alan pardew will target a marquee signing this summer so his crystal palace side are taken seriously next season . pardew has transformed palace into relegation candidates to a club pushing for a top-half finish since taking charge in january . he will be active in the transfer market come the end of the season in an attempt to take the club to the next level and is keen to bring in a big name to declare the club’s intentions . crystal palace manager alan pardew is keen on bringing in a star name to boost the club 's profile . eagles boss pardew slapped a '40 to 60 million pounds ' price-tag on crystal palace winger yannick bolasie . ‘ that is a solution to not just give us a better media standing than we have , but to also give everybody else here the recognition in terms of their value that we could attract a player of that type , ’ pardew said . ‘ that is something i have thought about . ’ pardew is prepared to let star winger yannick bolasie leave for ‘ between 40 and 60 million pounds’ and would use the money to build a formidable squad . but even if that does not happen , pardew , whose side host relegation strugglers hull city on saturday , is adamant that he will be backed by chairman steve parish . the former newcastle boss was able to make five permanent signings in january and will look to add several more when the transfer window re-opens . pardew added : ’to be honest , the chairman is as much banging on my door as i am his . the most important thing is we get good value . ’ while palace may seek to break the £7million club transfer record set with the september 2014 arrival of james mcarthur from wigan , pardew is loath to do so lightly . palace broke their club transfer record in september 2014 when they splashed out £7m on james mcarthur . ' it is n't just about the money and is n't just about the figure that you pay , ' said pardew . ' it really is about are they better than what you have . ' therefore what is their value ? and that is what you have to gauge . ' i have to say this club has done very well in the transfer market prior to me coming in . i think in that window just passed we bought really well , but really we have n't seen them . ' i have n't had to lean on shola ameobi , jordon mutch , chungy ( lee chung-yong ) too much really . ' and i really did think , particularly in shola , that he was going to be a massive player for us if it got close . ' in a way the team have taken that equation away . ' pardew has guided palace out of the relegation mire since his january arrival , with the eagles fifth in the premier league standings on 2015 's fixtures alone . victory over hull in saturday 's selhurst park clash would rubber-stamp palace 's top-flight safety , and pardew admitted he is eager to make what experiments he can with next term in mind . ' there could be an opportunity to look for next year and that is what i am going to do between now and the end of the year , ' he said . ' i will try and keep our professionalism together , but also look at chungy and jordon mutch and how they are going to impact on what is a good team at the moment . ' we still have some big games though , so i have to look at that and ca n't be experimenting in some . ' it is about making sure whatever team goes out there is every bit as good as the team that has played in the last few weeks . ' pardew has not had to ' lean on ' shola ameobi , jordon mutch and lee chung-yong since their arrival .