the man accused of killing a gay community college worker said the motorcycle he used to get away broke down along interstate 95 and he walked 30 miles before a woman headed to florida gave him a ride , according to a police report released on wednesday . the woman picked up the 20-year-old kenneth morgan stancil iii , whose face and neck are covered in dark , self-administered tattoos , some with neo-nazi symbolism . the woman did n't know he was armed with a knife and had almost $ 500 , the report by volusia county beach safety officers said . scroll down for video . would you slow down for this man ? kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , managed to hitch a ride from a woman to florida after his motorbike broke down , police said on wednesday . among his self-administered tattoos are the word ' brotherhood ' on his neck and the number '88 ' on his left cheek which is linked to neo-nazis . stancil pictured with his mother debbie at his graduation . she said he is ' rattled and confused and needs mental help ' . the mother also claimed that the victim had made sexually laced comments to her son . the driver was headed to key west , florida , but dropped stancil off in daytona beach , where he was found sleeping on the beach on tuesday morning . when officers approached him , he pulled the knife but dropped it when an officer drew his gun . he was arrested without incident , the police report said . stancil is awaiting extradition back to north carolina , where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old ron lane , a print shop director at wayne community college . on tuesday , he appeared relaxed in the courtroom and , despite the judge advising him he had the right to remain silent , he admitted to the killing , wral reported . he confessed to the shooting in an obscenity-laced statement , saying he ' ridded one last child molester from the earth ' , according to the station . he said lane , who had been his supervisor at the college 's print shop until stancil was fired last month , had been ' messing with ' one of stancil 's family members . lane was gay , and authorities said they are investigating a possible hate crime . they have n't released a motive for the shooting , but stancil was dismissed from a work study program at the print shop last month . an extradition hearing was scheduled for wednesday to send him back to north carolina to face a charge of open murder . the police report said stancil voluntarily gave police a statement , which authorities did not release . during his first court appearance on tuesday in daytona beach , florida , stancil indicated he killed lane because his former supervisor molested a relative . nothing in police records substantiated the allegations . the suspect 's mother , debbie stancil , said she knows the relative was not sexually abused by lane , as kenneth stancil claimed in court , because the relative and lane had never met . she believes kenneth stancil is making the accusations because he is ' rattled and confused ' . stancil , left , shot dead his former work-study supervisor ron lane ( pictured ) . ' he just snapped . that is not my son , ' debbie stancil , said . ' he 's probably out of his mind . i think he needs mental help . ' debbie stancil said her son was angry over being dismissed from his work-study job for excessive absenteeism . she also said lane made sexually laced comments to her son . ' he was verbally inappropriate with morgan at school . very much verbally inappropriate , ' she said . ' he would tell him to stop and he kept on . ' lane 's brother and sister declined to comment . college spokeswoman tara humphries said she did not know whether any complaints had been lodged against lane . lane and stancil started working together in august . stancil was dismissed in early march . he had been enrolled in a three-semester welding course . lane and stancil were linked - whether they knew it or not - by the suicides of people very close to them . lane 's partner of 12 years killed himself last year . stancil 's mother says her son never recovered after finding his father in the backyard after he had killed himself in 2009 . stancil gave himself a facial tattoo last weekend that included the number '88 ' on his left cheek . experts who track hate groups said the number is a neo-nazi code for praising adolf hitler . neo-nazis have often been accused of attacking gays , said mark potok of the southern poverty law center . police have not said whether stancil held white supremacist beliefs or what hate crime they are investigating . stancil 's mother said the tattoo marked a wannabe rather than someone with neo-nazi beliefs . stancil , pictured in court on tuesday , is awaiting extradition back to north carolina , where he is accused of fatally shooting 44-year-old ron lane , a print shop director at wayne community college .