pep guardiola has denied claims of a dispute with former bayern munich club doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt , who quit the club on thursday after ' being blamed ' for the defeat by porto . the 72-year-old , who had worked at bayern for almost 40 years , sensationally quit the bundesliga club , claiming ' the bond of trust is damaged ' , but guardiola has played down claims of a feud . ' the reaction is on me , i was disappointed , ' he told reporters in the wake of a shock champions league quarter-final defeat by porto . ' it was nothing to do with the doctor . pep guardiola has denied a rift with the former bayern munich doctor who quit the club this week . hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt ( right ) quit the club , claiming the medical staff had been blamed for defeat . ' after the champions league match of bayern munich against porto the medical department was for some inexplicable reason made primarily responsible . the bond of trust is damaged . ' ' i 've been informed of the doctor 's decision and i fully respect it . nothing happened between us , it was his decision . injuries are part and parcel of football , they 're not the medical staff 's fault . ' muller-wohlfahrt 's decision came after bayern boss guardiola appeared to imply that wednesday 's defeat was down to a lack of available players , commenting post-match : ' we have players who were out a long time with injuries . their legs do n't last very long . it 's a tough result to take into the second leg , but we 'll give it a go . ' bayern had just 14 fit players to choose from at the estadio do drago , with mehdi benatia , franck ribery , arjen robben , javi martinez and david alaba among the first-team regulars missing . bayern lost 3-1 against porto in the first leg of their champions league quarter final on wednesday . bayern boss guardiola looks perplexed as his side fall two goals behind during the early stages of the game . guardiola also appeared to publicly humiliate muller-wohlfahrt eight days before his exit from the club , sarcastically clapping him when benatia left the pitch injured . continuing at his press conference on thursday , guardiola said : ' the responsibility for the defeat in porto lies with me . put together , my players have had 30 operations over the last two years , but we 've still won the league and cup . ' we ca n't win every match 3-0 or 4-0 in this situation . it 's impossible . ' muller-wohlfahrt is renowned as a world leader in his field and has been at bayern for almost 40 years . the 72-year-old ( right ) has worked with the german national team as well as athletes including usain bolt .