when fiorentina 's season ends next month , micah richards wo n't be jetting off on his summer holidays . for the moment , summer is cancelled for the defender - at least until he knows where he 'll be playing next season . his contract at manchester city expires at the end of the season , when he becomes a free agent . the next few months will be vital in determining whether richards can resurrect his once burgeoning career . micah richards has found playing time hard to come by during his loan move to italian side fiorentina . richards joined the serie a side after being frozen out at city - and will be on the move again this summer . he knows it , too , choosing to delay any holidays until his next destination is finalised . likewise , he 's taken the decision to change representation , striking an agreement with wasserman media group - the firm that look after steven gerrard . his season-long loan in florence has n't been a disaster , but you can hardly call it an overwhelming success . unable to hold down a regular place in vincenzo montella 's starting xi this season , richards has had ample time to reflect on his career so far . tipped as the future of england 's defence , richards ' career has been on steady decline . but at the age of 26-year-old , there 's time for richards to buck that recent trend . richards celebrates with yaya toure and gael clichy at his boyhood club , where his contract ends this year . ricahrds is set on a return to the premier league , shown here in 2011 skipping past arsenal 's gervinho . he 's enjoyed his time in italy ; he likes the lifestyle . but the defender is almost certain that he wants to return to the premier league ahead of next season . inter milan manager roberto mancini would sign richards in a heartbeat . he tried , and failed , to sign him on loan in january . the possibility of a permanent reunion with mancini , who nurtured richards ' career at manchester city , this summer is a real one for the defender . but the drive to prove he can still be a force in england is strong . richards has unfinished business on these shores . richards will not be short of suitors . aston villa , southampton , everton and west ham are showing an interest . on paper , a move for richards this summer is a no brainer . a premier league winner , close to 200 top-flight appearances under his belt , still only 26 and available on a free transfer . the birmingham-born 26 year old was england 's first choice right-back as a youngster . you do n't get many of those to the pound . the pound , though , is n't something richards will be too concerned with this summer . talk to those close to the defender , they 'll tell you he simply wants to get back to playing regular football - not once every two or three weeks . richards , who is currently nursing a slight ankle injury , wants to be a mainstay at his next club - and that will be the determining factor when he makes his decision . his versatility is also likely to be a major selling point . we know richards as a right-back - but he 's developed a penchant for playing as a central defender in recent seasons . aston villa boss tim sherwood is willing to offer the former england man a place at the heart of his defence . and it is at centre-back where richards sees his long-term career . sportsmail understands tim sherwood would be willing to offer richards a slot in the heart of his defence next season in an attempt to lure him to villa park . but , more than anything else , richards knows he has to play . prestige will have nothing to do with his next move . if offered the chance of playing a peripheral role for a high-profile club or a regular position elsewhere , he 'll choose the latter . the sooner he makes his decision , the sooner he can get on with booking his summer holidays . 