when a man arrived at a hospital in india complaining of a stomach ache , doctors suspected it might be a run-of-the-mill case of food poisoning or an ulcer . however they were amazed to find the man had actually swallowed hundreds of coins and nails . over a three year period rajpal singh , 34 , had swallowed 140 coins , 150 nails and a handful of nuts , bolts and batteries . he had also gulped down screws , nails and magnets . rajpal singh , 34 , had hundreds of coins and other objects removed from his stomach after complaining of an ache . the image shows an x-ray with the mass of metal objects shown in white in his stomach . doctors were amazed when an endoscopy ( a long thin tube with a camera attached ) revealed hundreds of foreign objects inside mr singh 's stomach . the endoscopy is pictured . over a three year period , mr singh had swallowed , 140 coins , 150 nails and nuts and bolts , batteries and magnets . some of the objects removed are pictured . when doctors carried out an endoscopy – inserting a long , thin , tube with a camera attached to the end – it revealed the hundreds of foreign objects in his stomach . mr singh , a farmer from bathinda in india 's western state of punjab , said his bizarre habit began after he fell into a depression , and eating metal objects brought him comfort . he said : ' i used to gulp down coins and metals with fruit juice or milk . ' due to family problems i had slipped into depression and got hooked onto this weird habit . ' doctors have told me those sharp objects would have punctured my intestine and i would have eventually died . ' i feel much more relaxed now . i am never going to do this again . ' mr singh claims he did n't realise his stomach pain was due to his habit of eating metal objects . doctors have carried out 240 endoscopy procedures to remove the objects , as well as a nine-hour operation . but mr singh will still need another procedure to remove the rest of the metal . pictured are x-rays of mr singh 's stomach , revealing the mass of foreign objects . mr singh said : ' doctors have told me those sharp objects would have punctured my intestine and i would have eventually died ' . dr gagendeep goyal ( pictured centre in blue ) led a team of five doctors who carried out the operation to remove the objects from mr singh 's abdomen . he went to many medical centres in punjab complaining of a painful ache in his abdomen , but no doctors could diagnose the problem . finally , dr gagandeep goyal , a gastroentologist at a local hospital , carried out an x-ray and revealed the mass of metal deep in mr singh 's stomach . he has since carried out more than 240 endoscopy procedures to remove the objects - yet some still remain . leading a team of five doctors , he also carried out a nine hour operation to remove more of the metal , yet mr singh will still need another operation to remove the rest . dr goyal said : ' the patient came to us with severe stomach pain . when we did the endoscopy we were shocked to see so many foreign bodies , including coins and sharp objects in his stomach . ' though we have managed to remove most of them , there are still sharp injects and coins in his stomach . ' his body is too fragile to sustain another operation now so we plan to operate again in about seven days and remove the remaining objects . ' mr singh says he feels calmer now and will not swallow metal objects again . pictured are some coins removed from his stomach . 