the sru have clinched the biggest shirt sponsorship deal in their history after agreeing a £3.6million contract over three years with bt . sportsmail exclusively revealed last year that bt had agreed to pay £20m over four years for the naming rights of murrayfield — and that the telecommunications giant would follow that up with a deal to have their trademarks on the famous dark blue jersey . now that has come to fruition and , come the summer , they will take over from ousted backers rbs . the sru insisted the combination of the initial bt investment coupled with the new cash injection from the strip deal had already started to transform scottish rugby . the scotland shirt , worn here by david denton , will have bt on it rather than rbs from the summer . ‘ i am delighted bt will be the new strip partner of the scotland teams and although i can not confirm how much the deal is worth as it is commercially sensitive , i can confirm it is the largest ever shirt sponsorship deal we have done , ’ said dominic mckay , the sru’s director of commercial operations , communications and public affairs . ‘ bt is now very much under the skin of scottish rugby and their cash has allowed us to invest in a way we have not been able to ever before . their brand will now be seen by millions of fans around the world on the iconic dark blue jersey of the scotland team , which shows their further commitment and desire to help us develop all elements of our game . ’ all form of jersey advertising is banned during the forthcoming rugby world cup in england later this year but scotland will have bt branding on their training tops . the sru say that the scotland under-20 side will be the first team to run out with bt on their jerseys when they compete in the world rugby under-20 championship in june and the senior side will first wear the logo on their jerseys during their world cup warm-up fixture against italy in august . the scotland women’s team will also wear the national jersey with the bt logo on it as will all age-grade sides . mckay said the cash was being spent from pro level down to the grassroots , with clubs all over scotland set to benefit under the long-term sponsorship deals . a general view of murrayfield stadium in edinburgh ahead of an rbs six nations match in february . ‘bt’s initial investment was around glasgow and edinburgh when they became their principal shirt partners , ’ he continued . ‘ since then , that investment has gone into scottish rugby to enhance and develop both those brands and help pay to bring in new players and bring on younger ones . ‘ you can see the success of glasgow who are sitting top of the pro12 table and part of that is a result of their investment . edinburgh are going for a place in the european challenge cup final and that will be live on bt sport on friday night . there is a demonstration at the partnership in action . ‘ at club level you have seen clubs participate in the bt scottish cup and bt premiership . they are also dipping in to the funds for clubs we have set up to enhance their premises and pitches that has around £400,000 a year available and we are going through the new applications for money just now . ’ mckay added that bringing on the next generation of scottish rugby players was vital , which was why much of the cash would be spent setting up and running regional rugby academies over the duration of the bt deal . one has already been created in aberdeen with others to follow to cover edinburgh and glasgow as well as the borders . brendan dick , director of bt scotland , added : ‘ this will showcase our partnership on a global stage and demonstrates our support of scottish rugby . our partnership with scottish rugby touches all levels of rugby within scotland and it is fantastic to see the investment become a reality for communities and families across scotland and to start to make a difference . ’ 