west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when they move to the olympic stadium in stratford . the hammers will have the cheapest pricing strategy in the barclays premier league in a bid to fill the 54,000 capacity stadium when they make the switch for the 2016-17 season . co-chairmen david gold and david sullivan are using the boost of the enhanced television revenue , which coincides with their move away from upton park , to pass on savings to fans . the new tv deal starts in 2016 after sky and bt agreed to pay more than £5billion for domestic rights and there will be another auction over the summer with overseas broadcasters . a view of the olympic stadium on tuesday ahead of west ham 's switch to the 54,000 capacity arena . west ham 's vice-chairman karren brady visited the club 's future home in stratford on tuesday . west ham 's season tickets will cost as little as £289 when the club move to the olympic stadium next year . an artist 's impression of what the olympic stadium will look like during a west ham match . co-chairmen david gold ( right ) and david sullivan ( left ) will use enhanced tv revenue to pass savings to fans . according to a document that will be issued to west ham fans on wednesday , every season-ticket band will be reduced when the club move . the lowest priced basic adult season ticket will cost £289 , the price for under 16s will be cut to just £99 , and a family of four will be able to watch all 19 home games in the top flight for £776 . disabled season-ticket holders will also see a huge reduction , with prices dropping by up to £205 . the news comes just one day after sportsmail revealed massive price hikes at manchester city . supporters in city’s east stand have been been told they will have to fork out £1,750 to watch their team , almost double the £885 they currently pay . west ham 's vice-chairman karren brady said : ' we have always said that the move to our magnificent new stadium would be a game changer for west ham ; a chance to increase revenue , invest in the team and improve our performances on the pitch , but crucially without putting an extra financial burden on the supporters who already come to watch every home match . ' today 's announcement proves that we have kept our promise . ' football supporters federation backed the club 's drive and chair malcolm clarke said : ' the fsf strongly believes that top-flight clubs should use their newly-signed media deal to cut ticket prices for both home and away supporters . ' we hope that other clubs follow suit and reduce ticket prices across the board , as west ham united have done . ' the club also announced a new vip area in homage of the club 's most famous sons . with 2016 marking 50 years since since bobby moore , sir geoff hurst and martin peters lifted the world cup for england , the '1966 seats ' will offer fans impressive views from the halfway line . in addition , west ham will donate a seat each to the families of moore , hurst and peters for them to use for a charity of their choice . the hammers will be under pressure to fill their new stadium after taking the huge decision to leave upton park , where they have played since 1904 . gold and sullivan have taken a 99-year lease on the olympic stadium . the club also have a decision to make over manager sam allardyce’s future — but insist they will not make a final call until after the end of the season . west ham trio diafra sakho , winston reid and mark noble smile for the camera at the olympic stadium . west ham insist they will not make a final decision on the future of sam allardyce until the end of the season . west ham vice-chairman karren brady hit out at suggestions that jurgen klopp is set to replace allardyce . allardyce won promotion with west ham two seasons ago and took them to a mid-table finish in their first year back in the premier league . his contract expires at the end of the season and they have yet to open talks over a new deal . real sociedad boss david moyes , besiktas manager slaven bilic , a former west ham player , and borussia dortmund’s jurgen klopp have been linked with the job . but on tuesday vice-chairman brady hit out at suggestions that klopp — who will leave dortmund this summer — is set to replace allardyce . ‘ it is just nonsense , ’ brady told sky sports news . ‘ sam is the manager , we have talked to him about sitting down at the end of the season , which we will do . we have to see what he wants to do . that’s how these things work . we’ve done that since he joined and we’ve done that when his contract has run out before . ’ ( lowest adult season-ticket price on website , excluding family zone ) . *current price ; next season not available .