adrian heath is holding court at his weekly pre-match press conference , and one of the local reporters wants to talk crossbars . might it be a good idea to raise it a bit so more goals could be scored for the benefit of goal-hungry american fans ? the well-travelled former everton and manchester city midfielder – now manager of the newest mls team orlando city – responds with good humour . ' well , soccer 's being doing quite well for about 150 years now and if you look at the amount of people who play and watch it 's still doing quite well , so i do n't really see a need , ' he replies with a patient smile . scroll down for video . adrian heath is manager of the newest mls team orlando city . such inquiries are actually becoming fewer and further between , as the world game and the huge us market get better acquainted with each other . heath has been here for eight years now and witnessed the process at first hand , going from the backwoods of the usl to the major leagues that orlando have been elevated to this season . the years have not dimmed heath 's impish enthusiasm and , now 53 , he speaks of the game 's expansion with an almost missionary zeal . perched in the morning sunshine on a bench at city 's pristine training facility he talks about the upside of salary caps , what frank lampard and steven gerrard can expect , the humility of his star signing kaka and his hopes of an eventual rivalry with david beckham 's troubled miami project . steven gerrard will join la galaxy in the summer after spending 17 seasons at liverpool . midfielder frank lampard has signed a two-year contract with new york city . the aforementioned names ' imminent arrival is just one reason why the mls is achieving a greater resonance on the other side of the atlantic . ' i think english people are fascinated with america , ' says heath . ' you see the baseball , american football and basketball and wonder whether football can take off here . i 'm glad to say i think the only question is how big it becomes . ' perhaps we have slowly had to educate some of the media . one of the things that has kept football down a bit is that some of the high profile media have n't known the sport , and maybe some people are scared of it . they guard their own sports quite carefully . ' heath 's stateside adventure began in the unlikely setting of a pub in his native newcastle under lyme , where he bumped into stoke city director phil rawlins . kaka is playing out the final days of a distinguished career on the doorstep of disney world . ' he was looking to invest in soccer over here and i had just lost my job at coventry . i 'd been with coventry to portland that year for a pre-season friendly and there were 15,000 people there . i thought the game was taking off and so i thought i 'd try and get in early . ' i started off at the bottom in the usl in austin , texas . sometimes there were less than 1,000 people in the ground , not great facilities , lot of college kids , but you could see the game growing . ' now you look at seattle sounders and they would be not that far from man united and arsenal in average gates , getting 45,000 per game . ' his belief that in ten years the mls will be world 's ' third or fourth biggest league ' is fuelled by his daily influx of emails : ' i only have to open my inbox every day to see how many people want to come out here . all the time agents are offering me players who are going to be out of contract in two years ' time , big international players who will may be be 29 then . ' orlando midfielder kaka has the highest salary in mls history . while beckham is still looking for a ground in miami – last month he made an unusually low profile visit in further efforts to resolve the issue – orlando sold out their opening game last month at the temporary home of the citrus bowl . ' we got 62,000 our first game . that will not be sustained but we are building a 21,000 seater stadium with the capability of going up to 28,000 and we will fill that . ' it helps having kaka as the club 's marquee signing , a superstar in name but evidently not in behaviour , as heath quickly discovered : ' we went on pre-season to charleston and we hired a few vans to transport everyone around . he volunteered to drive one of them and then would wait around for the kids who are straggling and the last to leave , to make sure they 're not left behind . he 's a remarkable person . ' he knows what an impact the involvement of beckham could also have if he can sort problems out 250 miles south , and admits a vested interest : ' i think he has faced an uphill battle on the back of what happened with the baseball there . the city invested millions into the marlins and they were n't happy with how it worked out with the owner . midfielder heath scored 71 goals in 226 games for everton . ' there 's nobody at this club that does n't want to see david get it off the ground in miami . rivalry makes sports , and we could get that going with miami and maybe atlanta , which is also a few hours up the road . ' i think david will do it there , it 's very difficult for a city to turn down a major league sport over here with all that it brings . one of things that has helped in orlando is that it 's a young city and they want to show it has a lot more to offer than disney . the city has united behind this . ' gerrard and lampard will be coming sooner and , he says , there will be a few culture shocks . ' they will have to get used to the travel for an away game . six hour flights leaving on thursday and not arriving back until sunday night . the time difference , sleep patterns . ' i think they 'll be impressed with the athleticism in the league . six years ago coming here in your mid thirties you could get away with coasting but those days are gone . frank will be fine and so will steven because they 've got great football brains . ' heath helped everton lift eight trophies during his six years at goodison park . and they will find a much more level playing field . ' the great thing about the mls is because of the salary cap there is parity and you do n't know who is going to win the league . the premier league is exciting in many ways but you know only three or four teams can win it . ' nobody is more patriotic than me and i 'm very proud to have played for the likes of everton and man city . but the thought that everton might never win another trophy does n't sit well with me . they were level five years ago with man city . it 's unthinkable that everton might not win anything again . ' heath is that rare bird in english football , the traveller , having also spent a season at espanyol as a player . it has made him a better coach , although he admits his spanish excursion was not about self-improvement . ' i earned more money going to spain , one of the reasons we do n't export any more from england is that we are the gravy train . if you want to earn a lot of money you stay in england . if you go back to the likes of me , mark hateley , glenn hoddle , michael robinson , the truth is we all went for more money . but it does help you learn . ' now he is doing something very unusual , having to effectively build a team from scratch after orlando 's ' promotion ' , working all the time within the salary cap . they currently lie third in the eastern conference after six games . ' the bottom line is we have got just under 4 million pounds to work with for 28 players ( one of them is his son harrison ) . you get three of them outside the wage cap but they count as 400 each against it so there is a lot of juggling . ' heath never gets homesick , and there is a constant flow of football people passing through from england , usually taking their children to disneyland . ' the funny thing is that is brought my kids over quite a few times when i was a player and they were younger , but now i 'm working here i 've never set foot in the place . '