my introduction to ferme de montagne did not take place at this boutique hotel’s enviable ski-in , ski-out location in the french resort of les gets – it happened at the bar at the dorchester in london . ferme de montagne proprietors suzanne dixon-hudson and her architect husband henry suggested we meet there for cocktails as they were in the capital , pre-winter season , ‘ on business’ . i was impressed to discover that what suzanne and henry were really in town for was to check up on their 15 hotel staff – who spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the mayfair hotel before the start of each new season . a waiter mixes things up at the cocktail bar at ferme de montagne in france . suzanne explained : ‘ it exposes them to a five-star environment where exacting standards of service and composure are required at front of house while also learning to cope with the rigours of a slick and intensive behind-the-scenes regime . ’ suzanne , whose cv glitters with top posts in luxury hotels and catering , added : ‘ at the same time as training my staff to a high level , i insist they all ski or snowboard in their free time . ’ and , of course , a fit and happy team that spends a generous amount of time on the mountain will only benefit the clients of her boutique , chalet-style hotel where interaction with guests is integral to the ferme de montagne experience . i finally got to meet the team on site after an easy , 75-minute transfer by car to les gets from geneva airport . and they did indeed make a polished unit – enthusiastic , energetic , genuinely cheerful , pleasingly informal and disarmingly friendly . les gets is well placed in the giant portes du soleil area , which has 400 miles of groomed pistes , linked by 14 ski stations across the french/swiss border . ferme de montagne proprietors ensure their staff spend a mandatory week working and gaining experience at the dorchester in mayfair ( pictured ) before the start of each new season . it takes a long time to get to know your way around vast ski areas like this so i was delighted to join ferme de montagne’s ski host , rory , who has no need of a piste map . due to a long-running relationship with the local ecole de ski francais , ferme de montagne guests always have high-quality , english-speaking ski instructors for their lessons . hosts such as rory are also trusted to ski with guests , make sure they don’t get lost , point out the rich variety of peaks – such as the magnificent dents du midi cluster from the top of fornet above avoriaz – and crucially , as far as this epicurean skier is concerned , recommend great on-mountain restaurants . suzanne enjoys skiing with guests when time permits . on one occasion rory treated us all to a great morning’s sport at the avoriaz sector before lunch at lindarets – known as ‘ the goatvillage’ after the population that takes over in summer . after the guests’ day on the ski slopes , they usually convene at the ferme de montagne bar to swap ski stories and to try the cocktail of the day or complimentary flute of champagne . the hotel offers the best of all ski holidays . all of the bedrooms are spacious , luxurious and en suite . suzanne’s choice of frette bedding , sumptuous mattresses , heavy , warming fabrics for the drapes and bespoke furniture and design choices throughout makes this the type of exclusive property one normally has to hire whole , and very expensively , for a week . but here guests can book one room for three or four nights . breakfast , tea and dinner are included in the price for each night booked . food is central to a ski holiday at ferme de montagne as andrew , a repeat guest , summed up at dinner . it came to ordering dessert and he said : ‘ well i like the sound of the apple crumble but i have to have the chocolate fondant with chocolate sauce and port ice cream again… it’s become one of my five a day ! ’ british airways flies to geneva from gatwick and london city , with return fares from £84 . three nights at ferme de montagne , located in les gets , costs £995 per person , excluding flights , based on two sharing . four nights costs from £1,295 per person .  