melbourne radio broadcaster john burns has been revealed as the media personality alleged to have vilified richmond 's bachar houli . burns , who hosts 3aw morning show ross and john with ross stevenson , is alleged to have referred to houli as a ' terrorist ' at a club function at the mcg on friday night during the tigers ' match against melbourne . the radio station confirmed a complaint has been made against mr burns and said he does n't recall making the comment , and is ' mortified ' by the allegation . 3aw host john burns ( pictured ) has been named as the media personality who allegedly called bachar houli a ' terrorist ' . john burns said a friend sitting with him at the time also did n't recall the comment being made . mr burns spoke to 3aw 's tom elliott on monday afternoon and said that while he did n't recall making such a comment , he apologised unreservedly if any offence had been caused . ' the game was underway and the person in front of me turned around and said ' what did you say ' ? ' mr burns said on the radio show . ' i was n't aware of having said anything really and i do n't recall what i said but he alleged that i made a comment that was offensive . ' i do n't recall that comment . ' mr burns went on to claim that the person he was sitting with did not hear his comment . when quizzed by tom elliot on how much liquor he had consumed during the game , mr burns said he had enjoyed himself but alcohol did not contribute to the events . he said he could n't even begin to imagine what words of his might have been misconstrued but went on to tell tom elliot that he ' did n't say anything like accidental tourists , i would n't think ' . ' i ca n't recall saying anything that i intended to be offensive to anybody on the other side of the game . ' mr elliot told mr burns that he has heard the term ' terrorist ' and ' jihadist ' being used to describe bachar houli on numerous occasions at matches , however mr burns said he has never witnessed this . bachar houli ( pictured ) became the first muslim man to play at top level afl in 2006 . he said mr houli is a ' delightful man ' . mr houli became the first muslim to play afl the game at the top level in 2006 , when he was employed by essendon . the 27-year-old moved to richmond in 2011 and has since taken on the role of multicultural ambassador . in a statement , mr burns again apologised ' unreservedly ' , in particular to the people at the match and members of the richmond football club . ' i had the pleasure of attending the richmond football club function on friday night , ' mr burns said . ' during the match , i sat with a friend and we were catching up and talking about the game . it has been suggested to me that during a conversation with my friend , i was overheard saying something which that person found offensive . ' i have no recollection of making an offensive remark . ' however , i acknowledge that a complaint has been made and the idea that something i 've said has offended someone is mortifying to me . houli is a multicultural ambassador for the afl . ' if i have said anything that has offended anybody , i unreservedly apologise . in particular , to the people at the match and the richmond football club . ' richmond football club also released a statement and said they ' now consider the matter closed ' . ' richmond football club acknowledges the statement released by 3aw 's john burns this afternoon in relation to an incident that took place at the mcg on friday night . ' the club fully supports the staff member who brought this issue to its attention and accepts his version of events . we also accept the apology and now consider the matter closed . ' speaking to the herald , tigers captain trent cotchin said there is ' no place for it in our game , ' when he was asked about the comments allegedly made against houli . ' it 's disappointing to see and hear and as a collective we need to make a stronger stand on it , ' he said .