jailed : john coyne , 56 , who ran a central london pub attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year . a pub landlord has been jailed for nine years for raping a man who fell asleep in his bar . john coyne , 56 , who ran the prince of wales pub in harrow road , central london , attacked his 25-year-old victim who had fallen unconscious after a night of drinking in october last year . coyne was convicted of rape and engaging in sexual activity without consent and jailed at blackfriars crown court yesterday . the jury heard the victim , who is heterosexual , had been on a night out with friends after finishing work and ended the night at coyne 's pub where he fell asleep on a sofa . the victim then woke at around 3am to find coyne raping him . coyne fled and the victim called the police , who seized cctv footage from the venue that captured the landlord committing his offences . he still denied the crimes but was found guilty by a jury . police have today urged people to contact them if they believe they have also been attacked by the rapist pub landlord . detective constable neil hume , the officer in the case , said following the sentencing : ' coyne abused his position as a landlord of a pub to take advantage of an unconscious customer and showed no remorse . ' i would applaud the victim 's bravery attending court and hope that the sentence sends out a clear message . ' detective inspector neil smithson , the senior investigating officer , added : ' the metropolitan police are committed to prosecuting sexual offenders . attack : the victim had been on a night out with friends after finishing work and ended the night at coyne 's pub in harrow road , pictured , where he woke to find coyne raping him . ' coyne preyed on an unconscious customer whilst in his own pub and i would encourage anyone who believes they may have been a victim at the hands of coyne to come forward . ' the landlord was sentenced to nine years in prison for rape and five years for causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent , to be served concurrently .