jose mourinho claims eden hazard has joined lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo as one of the best three players in world football . hazard scored chelsea 's 38th minute winner against manchester united and is widely expected to be named pfa player of the year on sunday . mourinho said : ' he 's a kid , but he knows that he is one of the three best players in the world - he is coping with that responsibility . eden hazard has been named ' one of the three best players in the world ' by his manager jose mourinho . hazard has been in superb form for chelsea this season and scored the winner against manchester united . hazard 's goal in the 1-0 victory over united extends chelsea 's lead at the top of the premier league table . mourinho has praised the belgian 's exceptional talent and also his unwavering humility amid his success . ' i had lots of stars . hopefully in every club i worked i had stars . but he is the humble star , yes . he is the humble star . ' he 's getting strong . physically , mentally he 's getting very , very strong . he understands his role . ' the day before the game i told him : ' this game we will never lose . never . ' ' but we needed to win . he understands clearly that especially in a moment where the team does n't have all its power , he understands when the game becomes strategically . ' he understands that his talent is fundamental for the team . he was there for us and almost a second goal when he hit the post . ' hazard also believes he is having the best season of his career as chelsea close in on the barclays premier league title . the chelsea winger said : ' i 'm playing my best season ever . with my experience , i succeed to manage the strong and weak moments in a game better . ' last year i played a good season , but i disappeared in some games . ' this season i ca n't really remind a game where i really was n't into . it 's impossible to be top in 40 or 50 games in a season , but i 've been the best player of the team for several times . ' my stats ? people are talking more about me , but what pleases me the most , is that i 'm doing better than last season . ' hazard , still only 24-years-old , is being hotly tipped to claim the pfa player of the year award this season .