nick clegg tonight vowed to block the tories imposing deep welfare cuts as the price of any future coalition deal . the deputy prime minister said he would not allow the lib dems to prop david cameron up in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £12billion from the benefits bill . in an interview on the bbc , mr clegg also suggested he would veto a new deal unless the tories agreed new taxes on the rich . but the deputy prime minister defended his record in government with mr cameron . asked if he was proud of his record in power , mr clegg said : ' hell yes . ' scroll down for video . the deputy prime minister said he would not allow the lib dems to prop up david cameron in power if he insisted on pushing ahead with his plan to slash £12billion from the benefits bill . the lib dem leader , meanwhile , accused the tories of ‘ lashing out’ at labour because they knew they could not win the election . mr clegg 's remarks come after the defence secretary michael fallon launched an extraordinary attack on ed miliband last week . mr fallon said the labour leader had stabbed his brother in the back to win the leadership and was now ' willing to stab the united kingdom in the back to become prime minister ' by giving up the trident missile system to secure the support of the snp . mr clegg’s insistence that he will not go into coalition with the tories if they insist on such deep welfare cuts increases the possibility that the lib dems could strike a deal with labour after the election . however , the deputy prime minister said he would also veto a deal with mr miliband if labour did not set out in more detail how they would slash the deficit . he said : ‘ i wouldn’t accept £12billion of welfare cuts . in exactly the same way that i could never countenance recommending to the liberal democrats entering into a coalition with the labour party that isn’t serious about balancing the books rather than the specious stuff they’ve come up with today . ' equally i would not recommend to the lib dems that we go into coalition with the conservatives if they insist on a plan which is a marked departure from what we’ve done in this coalition . ‘they’re asking for £12billion over two years . we’ve made £20billion over five . they want to ask the poorest to make additional sacrifices whilst not asking the richest to pay an additional penny through the tax system to balance the books . ’ in an interview on the bbc tonight , mr clegg said the price of another coalition would be new taxes on the rich and a scaling back of the prime minister’s planned welfare cuts . asked by host evan davis if he felt ‘betrayed’ by the prime minister at any stage since 2010 , he pointed to the av referendum . he said : ‘ it was shoddy it was unnecessary i didn’t think they needed to win the argument by being quite so personal . i wish the referendum had been fought on its merits . ‘ what i have learnt about the conservatives – and you can see it in this election campaign – when they think they’re about to lose their grip on something that they like , usually power , they can lash out , they’re doing it in this election campaign because they realise they’re not going to win it . ’ but mr clegg said the coalition had been ‘worth’ all the pain . he said : ‘ yes , of course it has and any liberal democrat will tell you that… we took the decision as a democratic party . and we decided that notwithstanding the impact on our short term political popularity it was the right thing for the country . ‘ and a time when people are so cynical about politics , and so fed up with politicians isn’t it a good thing that a party , a plucky brave party put country before party and i have an old fashioned belief that if you do the right thing , that there are plenty of fair minded folk out there who will recognise that…was every decision a decision i would relish ? ' of course not . but is the country better now than it was when we found it on an economic precipice in 2010 , you bet . '