sitting in a restaurant with friends , teresa james pushed food longingly around her plate , desperate to eat but unable to stand the pain it would cause . her mouth felt as if it were on fire , her gums were beginning to blister and her teeth had grown so sensitive that she knew that if so much as a sip of water came into contact with them she would wince . but teresa’s agony was tempered with pride , because when she did manage to summon a smile , it was the most dazzling at her table . teresa james , 40 ( pictured ) , believes the discomfort involved with teeth whitening is worth it for the end result of a bright smile . she had spent four hours earlier that afternoon bleaching her teeth and , as far as she was concerned , the considerable discomfort was worth it . ‘ whitening has been unbearably painful at times , ’ says teresa , 40 . ‘ but i am obsessive about having a bright smile . ’ teresa’s regimen may sound somewhat masochistic , but she is one of an increasing number of women for whom whitening their teeth has become an integral part of their beauty routine — as normal as colouring their hair or waxing their legs . in america , sales of tooth whitening products have risen 300 per cent since 1996 , and the trend for excessive bleaching has grown so commonplace there that dentists have coined a new word for it — ‘bleachorexia’ . symptoms include burning gums , tooth infection and the conviction that , no matter how much a tooth has been whitened , it could be paler still . perhaps predictably , it has caught on in britain . almost a third of britons are now preoccupied with whitening their teeth , and research this week revealed the highest-earning cosmetic dentists made a collective turnover of £1 billion last year — a 22 per cent increase from 2010 . ‘ when it is done properly , tooth whitening is a simple and safe way of improving your appearance , ’ says cosmetic dentist dr mervyn druian . ‘ but if it is performed in an unregulated fashion , with the wrong product , it can cause enamel erosion , receding gums and infection . ’ tessa ( pictured ) is part of a growing group of women for whom teeth whitening has become an integral part of their beauty regime . teresa , a banking finance officer from london , started whitening her teeth five years ago , influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired . ‘ my own teeth looked grey in comparison after years of caffeinated drinks and they were affecting my confidence , ’ she says . the active ingredient in most professional whitening products is hydrogen peroxide , in gel form . in october 2012 , an eu council directive made it illegal in britain to use hydrogen peroxide — which can cause sensitivity and burning when applied too often or at too high a dose — in concentrations above 6 per cent , and decreed any concentration over 0.1 per cent could be administered only by a dental professional . when carrying out the procedure , a dentist makes a mould of the patient’s teeth from which a special tray is constructed . hydrogen peroxide gel is then squirted on to the tray via a syringe , and the tray fitted over the teeth and left for 45 minutes . teresa ( pictured ) started whitening her teeth five years ago having been influenced by the brilliant smiles of celebrities she admired . usually , the first treatment is carried out at the surgery , then the patient is given syringes and the tray to use at home — 45 minutes a day , for a fortnight , being the norm . the treatment normally costs up to £500 , so when teresa spotted a diy whitening kit online for £17.99 , she was tempted . it looked authentic enough : a silicone tray and five syringes of bleach . teresa isn’t sure how strong this hydrogen peroxide was , or indeed even if it was hydrogen peroxide . but the tray had to be moulded to her teeth — by softening in boiling water first — then worn overnight . that’s when the warning bells should have sounded , says dr druian : ‘ trays should always be properly fitted by a dentist otherwise they will never fit well and can cause leakage , which irritates gums . ’ lisa arbiter ( pictured ) has been bulk-buying high-strength bleach from america to whiten her teeth every month for the past 13 years . sure enough , the minute teresa put the tray on , her gums started to tingle . ‘ i just assumed it meant it was working , ’ she says . keen to go whiter than white , she kept the bleach on for an hour — another mistake , says dr druian . ‘ after 45 minutes out of the syringe , hydrogen peroxide loses effectiveness . more time won’t make your teeth whiter , it will just lead to irritation and sensitivity . and if you have decay in your teeth , it can enter and lead to infection . ’ but teresa was so delighted with the initial results that she used her whitening kit once a week , leaving it on for longer each time . by the time she had reached her last syringe , she was bleaching for up to four hours at a time . lisa ( pictured ) was just 19 when she first tried bleaching her teeth , she now says it 's addictive and she 'll carry on doing it for ever . ‘ my teeth were so weak and sensitive i worried they were going to fall out . i was in agony . i knew i was being irrational , but having white teeth had become a part of my identity . it was only after an evening of not being able to eat and waiting for days for my swollen gums to go down that i realised i’d gone too far . ’ so teresa invested in whitening toothpastes , a whitening powder and a whitening pen instead . ironically , the changes made to the law in 2012 , which were supposed to protect patients’ dental health , have seen a flood of illegal diy whitening products on to the market , alongside unqualified practitioners who cater for those — like teresa — who can’t afford a dentist’s whitening service . ‘ there has been an upsurge in beauticians whitening teeth with unregulated materials , ’ says dr druian . ‘ many use chlorine dioxide — a strong antibacterial chemical sometimes found in swimming pools — which is easier to get hold of , given the government’s restrictions on hydrogen peroxide . lisa ( pictured ) buys £50 boxes of syringes of a 25 per cent solution from the u.s and insists she has no pain or side effects from the treatment . ‘ at a high concentration , this can burn gums , leading to receding , and make tooth enamel rough and porous , which leaves it prone to further staining — trapping users into a vicious cycle of whitening . ’ natasha crane , from norwich , is suffering from suspected enamel erosion after having her teeth whitened , for £30 , by a beautician operating illegally . she had seen an advert on facebook . unknown to natasha , aged 17 , she is a year under the legal age limit for teeth whitening , but the beautician didn’t check . ‘ she painted the whitening gel on with cotton wool , ’ remembers natasha . ‘ it didn’t feel professional or hygienic , but this was my first experience of tooth whitening . ’ as soon as the beautician removed the gel an hour later , and natasha rinsed her mouth , her teeth felt agonisingly sensitive . newlywed donna bilson ( pictured ) is a recent convert to tooth bleaching but is already very taken with it . ‘ the beautician said this was normal , ’ she recalls . ‘ when the pain didn’t go away over the next few days i called her back , but she still said there was nothing to worry about . ’ after later discovering that her beautician had been operating illegally , she reported her to the general dental council — the regulatory body for british dentists . since then , natasha’s teeth have grown more painful . ‘they’re so sensitive that it hurts when they come into contact with fresh air , ’ she says . ‘ i have to wear a scarf over my mouth outdoors . eating is agony and i drink through a straw . ’ meanwhile , her teeth are starting to turn yellow because the dentine that is underneath the enamel is becoming exposed . ‘ not only am i in pain , but , ironically , my teeth have never looked worse , ’ says natasha . beauticians practising illegally are not the only problem , however . increasing numbers of women are ordering industrial-strength hydrogen-peroxide whitening products online from the u.s. , where there are no legal limits on levels . donna ( pictured ) and her husband , andy , both started bleaching their teeth before they got married last october . lisa arbiter , 33 , has been bulk-buying high-strength bleach from america to whiten her teeth every month for the past 13 years . she was 19 and working as a beauty therapist when she first tried it . she buys £50 boxes of syringes of a 25 per cent solution from the u.s. , yet insists she has no side-effects other than sensitive teeth . ‘ at work , having white teeth makes me look more professional , ’ she says . ‘ and having so many pictures of ourselves plastered on social media makes it obvious who has whitened their teeth and who hasn’t . un-whitened teeth look dirty . ‘ tooth whitening is addictive , and i’ll carry on bleaching mine for ever . ’ according to the british dental health foundation the effects of professional whitening can last for up to three years . although her husband stopped after their wedding , donna ( pictured ) has carried on and says its part of her beauty routine now . but newlywed donna billson — a recent convert to tooth bleaching — is already hooked on doing it far more frequently than that . donna and her husband andy , 34 , started whitening their teeth last january in the run-up to their wedding last october . ‘ we wanted to look our best in the pictures , ’ says donna , 36 , a hr manager from birmingham . they ordered £55 boxes of 20 whitening strips — fabrics impregnated with 6 per cent hydrogen peroxide gel that users stick to their teeth for 45 minutes — from the states . ‘ andy stopped after our wedding and says i don’t need to whiten my teeth any more either , ’ says donna . ‘ but i’ll carry on . it’s as much a part of my beauty routine as having my hair coloured and legs waxed . ’ 