homeowners could face an early rise in interest rates if ed miliband is propped up in downing street by the snp , a major bank warned last night . us giant morgan stanley said the prospect of a labour government reliant on the scottish nationalists would create the ‘ greatest uncertainty’ of any election result . its inevitable ‘anti-austerity’ agenda could lead to an ‘ earlier bank rate hike than was previously the case’ , the bank argued . us giant morgan stanley said the prospect of a labour government reliant on the scottish nationalists would create the ‘ greatest uncertainty’ of any election result . last night , a second major bank , goldman sachs , also raised concerns about the same outcome on may 7 . goldman said labour would be ‘ dragged to the left’ by the snp , which would result in even more money going north of the border ‘ at the expense of the uk as a whole’ . it warned that labour would be then expected to abandon its pledge to manage the public finances carefully . the reports are a double blow to labour’s attempts to convince voters that the economy would be in safe hands with a mr miliband-led government . in an election research note , morgan stanley said that a labour-led government reliant on the ‘anti-austerity and separatist snp’ would lead investors to predict a ‘ substantially looser fiscal policy’ . goldman also warned in a note to investors that a ‘ leftward shift’ could cause share prices to fall in uk firms – particularly those hit by tougher regulation and higher taxes such as banks and energy companies . nicola sturgeon 's ( left ) scottish national party would drag ed miliband ( right ) and the labour party into its anti-austerity agenda , goldman sachs warned last night . by contrast , it said the conservative-led coalition ‘ has established some credibility in markets as a consequence of its contribution to the stabilisation of the economy and revival of growth that has been achieved since 2010 . ’ as a result ‘ it is likely that business sentiment would be supported by the emergence of a conservative government’ . goldman also pointed out that whoever wins the election will inevitably be hit by ‘ financial shocks’ in the coming years . ‘ given the mixed record of labour administrations at dealing with such challenges in the past , the business community may be sceptical that a labour-led government would deliver market-friendly policies . ’ the comments mark another vote of confidence for chancellor george osborne , who was praised last week by international monetary fund chief christine lagarde for his handling of the economy . a tory spokesman said : ‘ this confirms that working people will pay the price for an snp-ed miliband government . ‘ mortgage rate rises will hit homeowners . higher borrowing will mean higher taxes and more debt for our children to repay . ’ chris leslie , labour’s shadow chief secretary to the treasury , said : ‘ labour is pro-business , but not business as usual . we want more competition in banking , a british investment bank to boost lending and action to tackle tax avoidance . ‘ the big threat to the city and our economy is a re-elected tory government taking britain out of the eu . ’ the comments mark another vote of confidence for chancellor george osborne , who was praised last week the head of the international monetary fund christine lagarde for his handling of the british economy .