departing england cricket board chairman giles clarke chose one of the most prestigious cricket occasions of the year , the wisden almanack launch , to make a complete fool of himself . clarke , despite his standing as one of world cricket’s big powerbrokers who will continue with his deputy chairmanship of the icc , embarrassed vip guests with his astonishing behaviour at the lord’s pavilion long room dinner . clarke arrived upset that the new ecb regime had just sacked his england managing director appointment , paul downton , whom he had rashly called a ‘ man of great judgment’ . departing ecb chairman giles clarke made a fool of himself during the wisden almanack launch . clarke confronted guest speaker ehsan mani and sportsmail 's lawrence booth during the dinner . he was further annoyed that lawrence booth’s wisden editor notes had been scathing of the way the ecb on clarke’s watch had botched the axing of kevin pietersen while operating a ‘ nexus of self-preservation’ . and clarke finally lost the plot when eloquent guest speaker ehsan mani of pakistan , the former president of icc , outlined his understandable concern for the future of world cricket as a result of the financial and power carve-up by clarke’s england , australia and india . after mani had finished speaking clarke loudly harangued wisden editor booth across the table — in front of england all-rounder moeen ali , former fast bowler devon malcolm and ecb chief executive tom harrison . england cricketer moeen ali witnessed the incident at the lord’s pavilion long room dinner . clarke was furious mani’s ‘disgraceful’ address had made no mention of icc’s test match contingency fund and also had strong objections to wisden’s opinions . yet clarke had been granted a two-page platform in last year’s almanack to explain his icc strategy . clarke then confronted mani about his speech and had another go at booth before storming out of the long room in high dudgeon . mani said : ‘i’m very used to giles being utterly irrational . he always thinks it’s just about him when there’s a far bigger picture of three countries sharing 52 per cent of income between them . ’ to complete the farce , clarke’s nomination was supported by the ecb board on thursday for him to become the first ecb president . sky ban henry for ap . sky sports have refused to allow their pundit thierry henry to present ap mccoy with his record 20th champion jump jockey title at sandown on april 25 , where the great ap could ride for the last time . racing officials had asked henry , who immediately agreed due to the esteem mccoy is held in by fellow sportsmen and because he is a big arsenal fan to boot . but sky have withdrawn henry because the race meeting is being broadcast on channel 4 . a sky spokesman said the henry approach had not been made through the right channels . sky sports pundit thierry henry ( centre ) will not be allowed to appear on channel 4 's racing coverage . henry had agreed to present arsenal supporter jockey ap mccoy with his 20th champion jump jockey title . clare balding is snubbing the grand national to present the women’s boat race on bbc . and after a royal ascot farewell , c4 racing don’t expect to work with balding again . they believe she is now more focused on writing books , with a children’s fiction story her next commission . presenter clare balding will present the women 's boat race on bbc rather than the grand national . with even former england batting coach graham gooch saying the kevin pietersen camp had wiped the floor with the ecb in the pr battle over kp’s banishment , it was depressing that new ceo tom harrison shows no sign of being more helpful with the media . when asked for a word as he left the wisden dinner about his earlier axing of paul downton , he refused to break stride , merely stating : ‘we’ve said all we want to say . ’ the harrison regime have promised to stop leaks coming out of lord’s , yet sky sports had a satellite truck and reporter in position at lord’s for the unexpected downton announcement and a correspondent ready to report live from st kitts . paul downton has left his role as managing director of england and wales cricket board . former ashes-winning england captains michael vaughan and andrew strauss are the obvious choices for the newly created job of director of england after the sacking of paul downton . but the ecb work in mysterious ways , such as paying for david parsons , the ecb performance director , to go on the part-time masters course in sporting directorship at manchester’s metropolitan university which lancashire coach ashley giles is also on . michael vaughan ( right ) and andrew strauss ( left ) are among the contenders to replace downton .