a young man who has been stuck in the foster system since the day his mother gave birth to him behind bars has finally found a home . davion navar henry only , 16 , became the face of adoption and an example of all the struggles faced by many teenagers in the system when in 2013 he stood up in a suit and told worshipers at florida 's st mark missionary baptist church ; ' my name is davion and i 've been in foster care since i was born . i know god has n't given up on me , so i 'm not giving up either . ' he then said ; ' i 'll take anyone . old or young , dad or mom , black , white , purple . i do n't care . and i would be really appreciative . the best i could be . ' most of all , davion said he just wanted a family that would ' love him forever . ' millions of people around the country soon head about davion 's story , and the young boy was even interviewed by barbara walters on the view , which all eventually led to him being adopted by a minister in ohio and his family . that is until davion got into a fight with one of the other children , and the minister sent him back to florida , and back to live in the foster care system . scroll down for video . davion only has been adopted by his old case worker , connie bell going ( above ) . davion ( above ) captured hearts around the nation in 2013 when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to ' love him forever ' . this after davion ( abobe with going ) was adopted by a minister in ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister 's children . throughout davion 's search for a family , and his years in the system , connie bell going , had been by his side . in an interview with the tampa bay times she revealed that after davion returned , people kept asking her what it was that went wrong and caused him to be sent back after just three months . she said wanted to tell these people ; ' that boy spent his whole life in the system , that 's what went wrong . ' making matters worse , davion and miss connie , as he calls her , did not speak when he came back to florida . davion had cut himself off from other people , playing video games as he quickly went through four different homes and four schools in less than year . going says she had begun to call him numerous times , but always hung up the phone . then , one night last july , davion called up miss connie and asked her the question he had been asking since they first met when he was only a little boy . ' do you remember what i asked you before ? ' he said . ' well , how do you feel about adopting me now ? ' for the first time since he had asked , going was finally able to give him the answer he wanted to hear . the 52-year-old had three children of her own , one adopted and two biological daughters , and was a single mother , but she was no longer davion 's case worker , which made the process easier . from august through december he started spending more and more time with the family , a perfect fit as he was already close to going 's adopted son tyler . then , in december , going got a lawyer and began the process of adopting davion . davion ( above ) called and asked miss connie if she would adopt him last july . ' i guess i always thought of you as my mom , ' davion ( above in 2013 ) said to going last december . davion got his first bedroom , his first set of siblings , and , most importantly , the one thing he had been hoping for all along . ' i guess i always thought of you as my mom , ' davion said to going last december . ' only now i get to call you that for real , right ? ' going is set to officially become davion 's mother on april 22 , and she will admit it has not been an easy task . there is fighting and tables get flipped , but in the end everyone loves one another , and she is prepared for the challenges . davion officially became part of the family in february however , when after he and going celebrated their birthdays , which fall on the same date , they went home and sat around the table for cake with his three siblings and signed the court papers . after 16 years davion was finally home . what 's more , because of that day in september 2013 when davion stepped up on the pulpit , hundreds of others have been adopted as well .