diesel model winnie harlow , who suffers from vitiligo , the same rare skin condition that singer michael jackson was diagnosed with , has been pictured enjoying a cozy night on the town with albino fashion star shaun ross . the pair attended a launch event for popular magazine at siren studios in hollywood , california , on tuesday night , and were snapped holding hands while making their way into the venue . winnie , 19 , who was unveiled as one of the newest faces of fashion label diesel earlier this year , was wearing a short and simple black and gold mini dress , which she accessorized with a pair of gold strappy heels . scroll down for video . looking cozy : winnie harlow , 19 , who suffers from the same rare skin condition as michael jackson , was pictured hand-in-hand with albino model shaun ross on tuesday night . out on the town : the duo were attending the launch for popular magazine at hollywood venue siren studios . skingraft black and gold dress . get it from pasar here . visit site . this look is all types of yes . winnie harlow looks incredible in her leather tunic dress which features striking gold trims on the sleeves and hemline . the loose fit creates a flattering silhouette too . winnie 's dress is from la-based fashion house skingraft , and you can still buy it by clicking right to paser 's website now . it 'll be your go-to party piece ! it is however , slightly pricey coming in at $ 750 , so if you want to add a golden standard to your style for less , why not check out these various finds below ? we are particularly dazzled by this mynt 1792 number at nordstrom . a pair of strappy metallic heels will finish off your look to perfection ! choice 's black and gold stamping dress . visit site . mynt 1792 color block dress at nordstrom . visit site . maykool black and gold dress . visit site . dailylook fit and flare dress . visit site . meanwhile shaun , 23 , opted for a more low-key look , wearing an all-black ensemble , which he topped off with a unique tall baseball hat and a pair of leather sneaker-style boots . and while it appears to be the first time that the duo have been spotted enjoying an evening out together , it is likely not the first occasion that they have met . both stars have made regular appearances on the catwalks at various fashion weeks , while shaun has also starred in campaigns for the likes of alexander mcqueen and givenchy . coincidentally , the models also each had a helping hand from fellow fashion star tyra banks . fashion stars : while evan opted for an all-black ensemble , topped off with a bizarre baseball cap , winnie wore a black and gold mini dress and strappy sandals . rising stars : both shaun and winnie have each achieved global recognition in the fashion indsutry , appearing in numerous high-profile fashion campaigns . strut your stuff : both winnie ( l ) , pictured at the desigual fall/winter 2015 show , and shaun ( r ) , pictured on the catwalk in february , boast impressive runway credentials . winnie , whose real name is chantelle brown-young , was one of the contestants on tyra 's hit reality series america 's next top model , while shaun made an appearance on the former model 's eponymous talk show in 2009 . despite their cozy appearance , it 's not thought that the two are dating - however shaun did take the time to post a heartwarming message to the model on his instagram account , just hours after the pair attended the popular magazine event . alongside an image of the two of them , shaun wrote : ' so much fun last night @ winnieharlow keep up the good work . from an original believer in you . ' and it seems his sweet sentiments were reciprocated by winnie , who posted a similar image on her own account , saying : ' sweet nothings with my fly friend @ shaundross ' .