raheem sterling is earning less than mario balotelli . in fact he 's earning less than half of what balotelli is on at liverpool . puts a few things into perspective does n't it ? liverpool football club have made some poor decisions in terms of signings and contracts since luis suarez departed , and those mistakes look set to cost them their place in the top four . for brendan rodgers ' sake whoever is in charge of sorting out sterling 's new contract this summer needs to get it right . if they think they can afford to lose suarez , gerrard and sterling in the space of 12 months they are very much mistaken . raheem sterling 's contract negotiations have dominated the headlines in the past fortnight . sterling shares a laugh in training ahead of liverpool 's fa cup replay with blackburn on wednesday . mario balotelli earns more than double sterling at present despite failing to perform in a liverpool shirt . sterling 's agent has been accused of giving him bad advice . apparently what people want his agent to tell him is that he 's not particularly good , he 's too young to earn big money , and he should sign whatever contract liverpool offer him because he should be grateful just to even be there . the advice the agent gave was to turn down the contract offer and focus on football until the summer . sounds reasonable to me . the big problem here is not the tired old narrative of a young greedy footballer . it 's that liverpool , through rodgers , have repeatedly told the press and the fans that there would be no problem and sterling would sign the new deal . in the middle of december , rodgers described sterling as ' a talisman ' and told us he was confident he would stay . at the end of january , rodgers told us the contract would be ' concluded imminently ' . last month he described the new offer to sterling as ' incredible ' . liverpool boss brendan rodgers has always insisted that the sterling talks would be concluded soon . sterling has been linked with a move to arsenal , admitting he was ' flattered ' by their interest . rodgers has repeatedly insisted that sterling will not be moving anywhere this summer . liverpool find themselves seven points adrift in the race for the champions league places . rodgers has said things there he had no right to say , but those assurances he gave have now served to make sterling and his agent out to be the bad guys . the astonished response of hypocritical ex-pros and pundits stuck in an era where the maximum wage still exists was blown up beyond proportion . ' how dare this greedy young man who 's won nothing , scored less goals than jon walters ( who thought that one up ? ) turn down this incredible offer from this great club . he should be grateful to be at such a club . ' this was the standard response from people out of touch with the modern game . the ' incredible ' deal was actually an offer which put sterling on a par with balotelli . liverpool football club should be embarrassed by that offer to raheem sterling , a player who kept quiet last summer when he watched adam lallana , dejan lovren and balotelli all walk through the door and sign deals worth more than double what he was on . he then stayed quiet while his performances were being scrutinised more than most in the absence of suarez and sturridge , with lallana injured at the start of the campaign and with gerrard fading fast . adam lallana has been hindered by injuries since he arrived at anfield from southampton last summer . dejan lovren also arrived at liverpool from southampton in the summer and earns more than sterling . the departure of steven gerrard to the mls this summer will free up space on liverpool 's wage bill . meantime rodgers said there would be no issue with sterling signing again , so when it turned out there was a problem , sterling was instantly the bad guy , along with his agent . now the message from those who want to bring sterling down is that he 's not very good . ' he 's not good enough to move to a bigger club ' ( since when were liverpool a small club by the way ? ) ' he would be stuck on the bench if he moved . ' ' coutinho is better . ' ' let him go , jordan ibe is coming through . ' if people want to believe all that it 's up to them , but it wo n't alter these facts : steven gerrard and glen johnson are set to leave this summer which will free up a huge amount of the wages budget at anfield . philippe coutinho would provide an alternative should sterling depart anfield in the summer . the emergence of teenage winger jordon ibe also suggests there could be life beyond sterling at liverpool . sterling should be playing champions league football - something liverpool may not offer next season . gerrard knows all about contract situations not being addressed , and that 's why he said two months ago that the club need to sort out the futures of sterling and henderson ' before it 's too late ' . it was an important message from the captain that got lost in all the negative spin aimed at bringing sterling and his agent 's credibility down . the last two defeats have brought the debate back to where it should be : the mistakes made by rodgers and liverpool . ramping up the hate towards a young english player who wants to play in the champions league and wants to earn significantly more than a total waste of space like mario balotelli will hopefully now be seen for what it is – a way of deflecting from the real issues at anfield . what 's really disappointing is that a young talented player has had to put up with all this criticism . it 's classically english i 'm afraid . those critics should be ashamed of themselves . seriously - imagine if real madrid do want sterling this summer , as liverpool prepare for a europa league campaign . would it be good advice to turn down that move ? 