avid users of msn messenger and other instant messaging services that were popular before facebook and twitter will remember the ‘away’ message . and years after it was popular , facebook is bringing back short updates in a new form – the ‘ sidebar status’ . the feature lets users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app , complete with an illustrative picture , but it 's currently only available to selected people for testing . facebook 's sidebar status feature ( pictured ) will let users post a short message about what they are doing in a sidebar added to the social network’s mobile app , complete with an illustrative picture . the sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen and brings up a user’s most messaged friends . a facebook spokesman told mailonline : ‘ millions of people already use the sidebar to quickly find and contact their friends . ‘ we 're testing new features in this space that let you and your friends stay up to date on all the things that make up your day . ’ the sidebar can be accessed by swiping right on the screen ( news feed pictured left ) and brings up a user’s most messaged friends . here , they can see short updates such as ' making blueberry scones at home ' and ' watching the game at home ' ( right ) . facebook has started collecting information about the other websites users visit , the links they click on and their searches . the social media site already harvests details people share on their profiles , including where they went to school , their interests and where they live . but under a new privacy policy – to which anyone who has signed into facebook since february has been opted in automatically – it can track activity outside the website , including online searches and some of the details users share with retailers . a facebook spokesman said : ‘ it takes into account pages and places visited on facebook , alongside browsing on the internet . ’ she added that the changes help facebook ' to better serve more relevant advertising to you . ' the site uses cookies – small files which it places on your web browser or device – to collect information which can then be transmitted back to facebook . the new terms were introduced as part of a wider update to facebook 's privacy policy , which - the social network claimed - was designed to make the rules easier to understand . facebook is testing the service in taiwan and australia , where from today , users of the app will see short status messages under their friends’ names , the verge reported . users can choose from an array of small pictures , such as a bicycle or coffee cup , for example , to go with their status . as well as the addition of the images , the sidebar updates differ from a regular status updates because they don’t show up in the main news feed . they can just be seen in the sidebar and expire after 12 hours – allowing only the person who posted them to access them again . while the updates are visible to friends , users can change the privacy settings to determine who sees an update . the comparison of the old ‘away’ messages has been drawn because of the small square images and the fact they will be sent to only close friends , despite the fact that we are rarely away from phones and computers now-a-days . for many people , facebook’s main news feed hosts information from a large number of contacts and brands as well as friends , and the social network has heard from its users that people want a place to see and share smaller updates too . the idea is that the sidebar is a quick way to keep friends in the loop of what a user is doing and vice versa . users can choose from an array of small pictures , such as a bicycle or coffee cup , for example , to go with their status ( pictured left ) and add a location tag ( pictured right ) .