a 17 stone mother who was left red faced after becoming trapped in a fairground ride has shed almost half her body weight after taking to the treadmill . shauna mcglasson , 25 , from workington , was so overweight she got trapped in the turnstiles at the alice and wonderland ride at blackpool pleasure beach in august last year . shauna , who was a takeaway addict , was carrying her three-year-old daughter lacey in her arms at the time and the toddler started screaming after her mother tried to free herself . shauna mcglasson was left red faced after becoming trapped in the turnstiles of the alice and wonderland ride when she took her daughter lacey ( pictured ) to blackpool pleasure beach after ballooning to 17st . it was this embarrassing incident that inspired the mother-of-one to make a dramatic change to her diet and exercise routine losing 7st in as many months . this was the final straw for the full-time mum who had been left battling depression and anxiety after gorging on fast-food and ballooning to 17 stone . determined shauna has since dropped seven stone and now weighs in at just over 10 stone . shauna made fast progress as she began to eat healthily , she lost four stone in as many months reaching 13st by december , 2014 . she then hit the gym and shifted another three stone and has started a new relationship with boyfriend curtis grayson , 21 . before shedding the weight shauna battled with depression because of her size . and 5ft 2in shauna insists she 's never been happier . she says if she had not got stuck in that ride her life would never have changed for the better . ' i was addicted to takeaways and i 've never felt so low , ' she said . ' when we got to go through to the ride i got stuck in the turnstile and lacey started crying . ' everyone was looking at me and i felt so humiliated so i had to do something about it . ' you can see in the photo taken when i finally got out just how upset lacey is . ' shauna swapped her daily treats of chips and pizza for a high protein diet of chicken and fish . shauna is now a regular at the gym going up to five times a week with running being her workout of choice . before her weight loss shauna would feast on fish and chips on the daily as well as donner meat pizzas but has now traded them in for a 1,500 calorie-a-day diet of chicken and fish . as well as her change in diet shauna heads to the energize ladies gym in workington for an hour a day , up to five times a week , tackling the treadmill and the cross-trainer in her bid to keep fit . shauna says that it was taking to the treadmill that really helped her to shift her extra pounds . ' i look at the pants i used to wear and they are like a tent - and they used to be tight , i could barely get into them , ' she said . shauna is now more confident than ever and is even prepared to take lacey swimming . ' i ca n't believe i used to wear stuff that big . but i started walking on the treadmill at first and i 've gradually got faster until the point that i was running and it 's made a big difference . ' and the change has boosted her confidence so much that she is prepared to even take lacey swimming for the first time . shauna said : ' i 've never been able to take lacey swimming before because i 've been too conscious of my body to wear a swimsuit . ' i 'm excited to finally take her to the pool . ' i do n't think she 's noticed the difference in me as she sees me everyday but i 'm so much happier and much more active now . i feel great . ' 