dzhokhar tsarnaev has been convicted of the 2013 bombing of the boston marathon . a federal jury found tsarnaev guilty on wednesday over the terror attack that killed three people and wounded more than 260 . he kept his hands folded in front of him and looked down at the defence table in the boston courtroom as the guilty verdicts were read . a sketch shows dzhokhar tsarnaev ( second left ) and his defence team as the guilty verdicts on all charges against him were read on wednesday . the jury will now decide if he gets the death penalty . boston police patrol the outside the john j moakley federal courthouse after the jury verdict . the jury will now decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be sentenced to death or receive life in prison . tsarnaev 's conviction was widely expected , given his lawyer 's startling admission during opening statements that he took part in the bombing . but the lawyer also argued that tsarnaev 's older brother , tamerlan , masterminded the attack and enlisted his then-19-year-old brother to help . on april 19 , 2013 , tsarnaev was found hiding in a boat and had written notes inside suggesting the bombing was an act of retribution for u.s. military campaigns in muslim-dominated countries . prosecutors portrayed the brothers as full partners in a plan to retaliate against the us for its wars in muslim countries . the court will likely meet early next week to resume the penalty phase . families of the victims were also present to hear the verdict but there was no celebration after each ' guilty ' was read and jury members were similarly somber . count 1 : guilty . conspiracy to use a weapon of mass destruction , resulting in death ( death penalty charge ) . count 2 : guilty . use of a weapon of mass destruction ( pressure cooker bomb # 1 ) , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting ( death penalty charge ) . count 3 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( pressure cooker bomb # 1 ) during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting ( death penalty charge ) . count 4 : guilty . use of a weapon of mass destruction ( pressure cooker bomb # 2 ) , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting ( death penalty charge ) . count 5 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( pressure cooker bomb # 2 ) during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; and aiding and abetting ( death penalty charge ) . count 6 : guilty . conspiracy to bomb a place of public use , resulting in death ( death penalty charge ) . count 7 : guilty . bombing of a place of public use ( pressure cooker bomb # 1 ) , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting ( death penalty charge ) . count 8 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( pressure cooker bomb # 1 ) during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting ( death penalty charge ) . count 9 : guilty . bombing of a place of public use ( pressure cooker bomb # 2 ) , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting ( death penalty charge ) . count 10 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( pressure cooker bomb # 2 ) during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting ( death penalty charge ) . count 11 : guilty . conspiracy to maliciously destroy property , resulting in death . count 12 : guilty . malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive ( pressure cooker bomb # 1 ) , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . *death penalty charge . count 13 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( pressure cooker bomb # 1 ) during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . *death penalty charge . count 14 : guilty . malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive ( pressure cooker bomb # 2 ) , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . *death penalty charge . count 15 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( pressure cooker bomb # 2 ) during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . *death penalty charge . count 16 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( ruger p95 9mm semiautomatic handgun ) during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . *death penalty charge . count 17 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( ruger p95 9mm semiautomatic handgun ) during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . *death penalty charge . count 18 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( ruger p95 9mm semiautomatic handgun ) during and in relation to a crime of violence , resulting in death ; aiding and abetting . *death penalty charge . count 19 : guilty . carjacking , resulting in serious bodily injury ; aiding and abetting . count 20 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( ruger p95 9mm semiautomatic handgun ) during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . count 21 : guilty . interference with commerce by threats and violence ; aiding and abetting . count 22 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( ruger p95 9mm semiautomatic handgun ) during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . count 23 : guilty . use of a weapon of mass destruction ( pressure cooker bomb # 3 on or about april 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of laurel street and dexter avenue in watertown ) ; aiding and abetting . count 24 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( a ruger p95 9mm semiautomatic handgun and pressure cooker bomb # 3 ) during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . count 25 : guilty . use of a weapon of mass destruction ( pipe bomb # 1 on or about april 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of laurel street and dexter avenue in watertown ) ; aiding and abetting . count 26 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( a ruger p95 9mm semiautomatic handgun and pipe bomb # 1 ) during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . count 27 : guilty . use of a weapon of mass destruction ( pipe bomb # 2 on or about april 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of laurel street and dexter avenue in watertown ) ; aiding and abetting . count 28 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( a ruger p95 9mm semiautomatic handgun and pipe bomb # 2 ) during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . count 29 : guilty . use of a weapon of mass destruction ( pipe bomb # 3 on or about april 19 , 2013 , in the vicinity of laurel street and dexter avenue in watertown ) ; aiding and abetting . count 30 : guilty . possession and use of a firearm ( a ruger p95 9mm semiautomatic handgun and pipe bomb # 3 ) during and in relation to a crime of violence ; aiding and abetting . source : wbur . 