sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates reality match-making show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the programme . the 22-year-old 's crime was to ask his date kathleen to split the bill with him rather than pick up the tab himself - an action which sparked a slew of furious responses on twitter . ' i couldn’t believe some of the reactions from people on twitter , ' he told the mirror . ' i had death threats , one person said that the next time i come out in manchester i’m dead . ' sam reese , a male model who recently appeared on channel 4 's first dates show , has received death threats over his behaviour on the program . pictured , sam with hollyoaks star stephanie davis . ' do n't split the bill on your first date for crying out loud , chivalry is still a thing ! ' wrote one man on twitter . ' i bet he would n't leave a tip either , ' another speculated . sam , who was reportedly seen ' cosying up ' with hollyoaks star stephanie davis over the weekend , unsurprisingly admits his televised date was not a resounding success . ' it was a really expensive meal , like £350 , and i knew i wasn’t going to see her again , so what’s wrong with asking her to split the bill ? ' he said . sam said , ' i couldn’t believe some of the reaction from people on twitter . i had death threats , one person said that the next time i come out in manchester i’m dead ' . he argued , ' it was a really expensive meal , like £350 , and i knew i wasn’t going to see her again , so what’s wrong with asking her to split the bill ? ' sam also insisted that the show was ' edited ' to make him look ' bad ' , and said producers tried to paint him as a ' typical model . ' first dates bills itself as ' an interactive documentary series on modern dating ' and follows singles as they meet for the first time over dinner . the next episode airs tomorrow night .    after sam asked his date to split the bill on the channel 4 programme , twitter users reacted with disgust .