three new women have accused bill cosby of sexual assault , bringing his total number of alleged victims to 38 . janice baker kinney , marcella tate , and autumn burns held a press conference on thursday morning in los angeles , california , to announce their claims . their attorney gloria allred , who represents most of cosby 's accusers , said the event was timed deliberately to damage sales for the comedian 's upcoming shows on his nationwide tour . scroll down for video . latest accusers : janice baker kinney ( far left ) , marcella tate , ( second right ) and autumn burns ( far right ) reveal they also claim to have been abused by bill cosby . they appeared with their attorney gloria allred . bill cosby has yet to comment on the new allegations , which have prompted him to cancel a number of upcoming stops on his comedy tour . allred said the meeting was scheduled to damage cosby 's ticket sales . kinney said she was 24 in may 1982 when she and a friend met cosby at the casino where she worked in reno , nevada . she said the three of them went back to cosby 's apartment , where he gave her some pills . hours later , she claims , she woke up naked in bed with the comedian - and he told her to keep their encounter to themselves . ' i was mortified at what had happened , ' kinney said . ' all this time , and for many , many years , i felt that this was my fault . ' burns said she was a 20-year-old las vegas casino worker in 1970 when she met cosby . autumn burns ( left ) said she was 20 in 1970 when she met cosby at the casino where she worked in las vegas . she says he gave her alcohol then forced her into sex acts . janice kinney ( right ) said she met cosby at the age of 24 working in a reno casino . she says he fed her drugs and she woke up naked in bed with him . marcella tate ( center ) said she met cosby in chicago in 1975 , when she was a 27-year-old model . she said he asked her to take him to the playboy mansion , where he offered her a drink that left her feeling drugged . speaking out : burns ( foreground ) said she felt ' out of control ' after drinking the alcohol cosby gave her . she said she was invited to his suite where he made her a drink , leaving her feeling ' woozy and not in control . ' she said the comedian then forced her into sex acts . tate said she met cosby in chicago in 1975 , when she was a 27-year-old model . she said he asked her to take him to the playboy mansion , where he offered her a drink that left her feeling drugged . the allegations have led to cancellations of a number of stops on his live far from finished comedy tour . emotional : kinney wept alongside her attorney allred as she gave a detailed account of her allegations . embrace : allred , who represents many of cosby 's 38 accusers , hugged the women after they spoke . growing case : the three women , who have not spoken out before , are the latest in almost 40 women to do so . allred said her thursday conference was held purposely held before cosby 's may 2 atlanta show . ' i hope that the public will not buy tickets to his performance and that there will be many empty seats by the end of his performance , ' allred said . cosby , best known for his america 's dad character dr. cliff huxtable on the top-rated cosby show , has never been charged over any of the allegations . he settled a 2005 civil lawsuit alleging sexual misconduct . representatives for cosby did not respond to requests for comment on thursday . cosby 's attorney marty singer has previously dismissed similar allegations made by other women as ' discredited ' and ' defamatory . ' 