a map that reveals every official sighting of a ufo over the past 76 years suggests that we are experiencing more cosmic traffic than ever before . many of the sightings can be put down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies , but some enthusiasts believe it is because of rise in alien activity . the interactive map was created by writer levi pearson , who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre and open source software from cartodb . click on the map below to find out if aliens have been spotted in your neighbourhood . a map shows sightings of extra-terrestrials around the world in the last 76 years – and seems to suggest we have more cosmic visitors than ever . it was created by writer levi pearson , who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre and open source software from cartodb . published in the quantbait website , it begins in 1933 with the first ufo sightings being spotted over california and nebraska in the us , the uk and france in europe , and locations in japan and australia . the number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s across the world , according to the map . in the us , sightings documented during the 1940s include the famous battle of los angeles and roswell ufo incident . on february 25 1942 , radar operators spotted a ufo within 120 miles ( 193km ) of los angeles that moved at incredible speed before vanishing . the ufo map ( pictured ) was created by writer levi pearson , who used a ufo sighting dataset from the national ufo reporting centre and open source software from cartodb . its shows that the number of sightings increases dramatically between the 1940s and the 1960s . explanations for ufo sightings are just as vague as for aliens themselves , and could be down to the development of drones and new aircraft technologies – or a genuine rise in alien activity . an illustration of a flying saucer is pictured . the map shows a dramatic rise in the number of ufo sightings during the 1950s and 1960s . while this could indicate ore alien activity , the cia recently claimed that half of ufo sightings in the us were linked to them testing u2 spy planes ( pictured ) at altitudes of 60,000 ft . an artillery officer said he saw 25 craft flying at 25,000ft ( 7,620 metres ) and other eye witnesses reported seeing swarms of balloon-shaped objects flying at around 200mph ( 320km/h ) . fearing the city was under attack , officials fired at the aircraft but no evidence of damage was ever found , prompting people to speculate the ufos were from another world . and in 1947 the roswell incident occurred , which is still the source of speculation today . the us military claimed they recovered a secret research balloon that had crashed , but conspiracy theorists say the wreckage of an alien craft was discovered and hidden . while it’s possible that there were more ufo visitations during the decade , officials at the time put it down to people being nervous about world war ii , and seeing objects in the sky . nigel watson , author of the ufo investigations manual , told mailonline : ‘ sightings of strange things in the sky have been reported for centuries , though it was only with them being labelled as flying saucers or ufos that people began to realise that this is a worldwide phenomenon . ‘ ufo sightings often come in sudden and short-lived periods , which ufologists call flaps or waves . ' often specific locations seem to be highly attractive to ufos , and these locations are known as ufo window areas or ufo portals . the british version of roswell reportedly took place over christmas in 1980 . it occurred in rendlesham forest , suffolk , next to raf military bases . soldiers reported unusual lights and when they investigated , found a metal object with coloured lights ( ufo map of uk shown ) . thanks to the rise in popularity of sci-fi films and an increase in ufo sightings , aliens were very much in the public consciousness in the 1960s . here , dr h allen hyneck , an astrophysicist at northwestern university says at a press conference in 1966 , that a photo claiming to show a ufo is a time exposure of the crescent moon and the planet venus . the british version of roswell reportedly took place over christmas in 1980 . it occurred in rendlesham forest , which is next to raf military bases . soldiers reportedly saw unusual lights and when they investigated , found a metal object with coloured lights . but as they approached the ' craft ' , it moved away , frightening farm animals . the incident is unexplained , but some people say the lights were reflections from a nearby lighthouse and the craft may have been a secret weapon . on march 31 , 1992 , high speed white objects were spotted in the skies and an officer at raf cosford and shawbury spotted a large triangular craft hovering at 200ft , which was humming and shining a spotlight . the incident was reported to the ministry of defence and sceptics say it could be explained by a nearby police tracking helicopter or a russian rocket re-entering the atmosphere . ‘ in the uk , warminster , cannock chase and bonnybridge are the most famous ufo window areas . ' bonnybridge is known as the ufo capital of scotland and there are said to be some 300 sightings every year , although not all of these are shown on the map . cannock chase in the midlands has been a ufo hotbed since the1960s when there were first reports of a crashed craft , and earlier this year , residents reported seeing slow-moving aircraft making a loud buzzing noise moving across the sky . there appear to be repeated ufo sightings in the midlands shown on the map during the 1960s , with clusters of activity also seen in the netherlands , germany and other parts of central europe . there is a marked increase in sightings on the map during the 1950s and 1960s , all across the us shown on the map . it is worth noting , however , that some famous sightings are missing , such as reports of flying saucers over washington dc in 1952 . last year , the cia took credit for half of the ufo reports in the 1950s and 1960s and as sci-fi films gained popularity such as invaders from mars , 2001 : a space odyssey and invasion of the body snatchers , it’s possible aliens were higher in the public conscious than ever before . the cia said that ufo sightings were directly correlated to them testing u2 spy planes at altitudes of 60,000 ft ( 18,288 metres ) - a feat of engineering that was not possible before . reports suggest that the cia soon realised that ufo sightings lined up with the place and time the u-2 planes were flying , but that they purposefully chose not to let people know that what they were seeing were not aliens to keep the tests firmly under wraps . however , this does not explain the 1966 westall encounter in australia , when some 200 students and teachers in melbourne claim to have seen a ufo land in a suburban field , before taking off again . but once again , sceptics say the ufo was an experimental military aircraft . the map also shows a famous ufo sighting in sao paulo , brazil , in 1986 , when military aircraft were sent to intercept 20 ufos , which showed up on radar . the mysterious flying objects disappeared when fighter jets gave chase , leading some people to say the ufos were technically-superior alien craft . however , a british space researcher called geoffrey perry claimed that the ufos were actually pieces of debris thrown out of the soviet space station , salyut-7 , which burned up in the atmosphere , stylist reported . in europe , the map shows many sightings over belgium , between 1989 and 1990 , which is known as the belgium wave . at that time , some 13,500 people claimed to have seen huge black triangles flying silently through the skies . while the incident was tracked by nato radar and investigated by the country 's military , nothing unusual was found and sceptics believe the sightings may have been of ordinary helicopters . from the mid-1990s onwards , the explosion of sightings intensify on the map , with large concentrations over the west coast and the whole eastern half of the us , from texas . the map shows the whole of europe ablaze with circles indicating ufo sightings , as well as areas of western africa , india , south east asia and south america . some believe that the increase in sightings over the past 20 years could be down to the widespread uptake of the internet , which allowed people to share sightings more easily than before ( ufo map focused on australia pictured ) . the map shows a famous ufo sighting in sao paulo , brazil , in 1986 , when military aircraft were sent to intercept 20 ufos , as well as numerous sightings in south africa and other parts of the continent , which have been reported in recent years . ufo maps of south america ( left ) and africa ( right ) are shown . the global nature of the sightings suggests this could be down to the widespread uptake of the internet , which allowed people to share sightings more easily than before . mr watson said : ‘ with the coming of the internet it is easier for people to report ufo sightings and this is probably one reason for a rise in sightings . ‘ we should also acknowledge that chinese lanterns and the increased deployment of drones are responsible for greater amounts of sightings . ’ in 2008 , a guard at yeni kent compound in turkey claimed to have filmed ufos and the footage is said by some to be among the most important ufo images . there is no explanation for the encounter , in a similar way to a sighting in warden in south africa , where a police officer said he saw an enormous oval-shaped , orange light in 2000 . in 2007 , eyewitnesses in kolkata , india said they saw a fast-moving , glowing object which was a cross between a sphere and a triangle . and in 2013 , in bracknell , berkshire , two glowing ' flying saucers ' were photographed hovering in the skies above a pub and new of ' visitors ' quickly spread online . john wickman , chairman of the british ufo association ( bufora ) said : ' technology is vastly progressing and a very large number of sightings no matter where they are in the world can be attributed to modern military craft that have been misidentified . ' ‘ just because a ufo report is made does not mean that the object originates from anywhere other than the earth , ’ he cautioned . mr watson said : ‘ on the other hand , the internet allows access to greater amounts of information and enables us to discuss reports from lots of different angles , from the extreme sceptical viewpoints to the most outlandish conspiracy rumours . ‘ with or without the internet , ufologists tend to think that only five to 10 per cent of sightings are of anything exotic and worthy of further investigation . ’