a couple who spent a lifetime paying off their mortgage have said it was a waste of time after a council scheme to sell neighbouring homes for just £1 has turned the street into a ' ghetto ' . linda and george hunter , who raised their four children in their home in garrick street , wavertree , liverpool , became mortgage free around 15 years ago . but eight years ago , the street became part of a regeneration scheme and the council bought properties and boarded them up ready for demolition . estate agents say the couple would now struggle to sell their home for much more than £1 as other houses in the street are being sold off at that price by the council . scroll down for video . linda hunter ( pictured ) who lives on garrick street , wavertree , liverpool , says she is stuck in a ' ghetto ' after liverpool city council offered to sell homes in her street for £1 . despite their neighbours moving out , the couple stayed put as they had elderly parents living close by who relied on them . they thought that what the council was offering for their home at the time - around £85,000 - was too low and believed it was worth closer to £120,000 . mrs hunter , 62 , a retired careworker , told the liverpool echo : ' as the street has become a horrible place to live and my parents died last year we thought `` enough is enough '' and decided to take the council 's offer and move to a home that was similar in price to ours . ' she picked out houses worth around £120,000 and the council said they would look into it for her in october , but months later the couple were told the offer had fallen through as their street was now part of liverpool 's ' home for a pound ' scheme . now the hunters feel trapped as property prices have dramatically fallen in the area . an estate agent from abode in nearby allerton said : ' i would estimate a three-bedroomed house like one in garrick street would be worth around £60,000 at the moment but they would struggle to get even close to that . ' it would be very hard for them to sell their home when other properties in the road are being sold for £1 . ' linda hunter , 62 , feels trapped in the area as property prices in neighbouring houses have dramatically fallen . as the couple are unlikely to sell their home , they want the council to put its original offer back on the table . mrs hunter told the paper : ' we 've spent our lives paying off a property that is now worth virtually nothing . ' who 's going to buy our house for thousands when they can get the house next door for £1 ? ' she added : ' the council created this ghetto that we are now trapped in and they feel they owe us nothing at all . ' we watched our lively and friendly road turn into a ghost town . ' there 's junk everywhere and we 're plagued with rats and fly tipping . we also have security cameras at the back and front of our house because of anti-social behaviour . ' i 'm so frustrated as there 's nothing we can do about it and the lack of communication from the authorities makes it feel like we keep hitting a brick wall . ' even if things do regenerate , it could take years , which means we are still stuck for a long time . ' liverpool city council said the fact some vacant properties in the area are being offered for £1 so that they can be renovated does not mean that other houses which are occupied are only worth £1 . a spokesman said : ' homes for a pound will see properties in this area which have long lain empty , derelict and rundown completely transformed , helping make this part of the city a thriving and sustainable community again . ' this is really good news for existing property owners as it will mean the area is a far more desirable place to live . ' the houses that are part of the homes for a pound scheme require significant work and financial investment so ca n't be compared with other properties . we are in discussions with existing local residents to explain our exciting plans for this area . ' 