hillary clinton’s now-famous scooby doo van made an appearance in council bluffs , iowa on thursday for a closed-door meeting with state democratic party officials – and it idled in a handicapped parking space from beginning to end . footage broadcast by ketv-7 in the nearby city of omaha , nebraska , showed the presidential nominee emerging from a cafe , greeting onlookers and walking past the blue handicapped-parking sign to climb into the vehicle . secret service agents are technically federal law enforcement officers , so there was no chance of a parking ticket , even if scooby had been left unattended . scroll down for videos . secret service agents parked hillary clinton 's campaign van in a handicapped spot on thursday while she was in a top-secret meeting with democratic party officials . clinton emerged from the meeting and greeted a handful of onlookers in council bluffs , iowa . scooby-two : clinton 's now-iconic souped-up van has a mechanically identical clone , which the secret service rolled out as a decoy on wednesday . ketv trailed clinton to the main street cafe in council bluffs , and spoke to pottawattamie county democratic chairwoman linda nelson . the cafe meeting was so secret , nelson told the station , that everyone in the room was told to hand over their cell phones and cameras before it began . the secret service typically does not comment on security arrangements for dignitaries . mrs. clinton has round-the-clock protection , including a van chauffeur , because she is the wife of a former u.s. president , bill clinton . on wednesday near des moines , iowa , daily mail online trailed clinton 's motorcade . the phalanx of 7 cars included a second 'scooby'-mobile outfitted to look identical to the one clinton was riding in . at one point that van 's driver forced an interloping driver out of the way and drove through a red light to keep up with the group . flashers : 'scooby-two ' forced an iowa motorist to leave the roadway on wednesday so it could go through a red light and rejoin the clinton motorcade .    