dundee manager paul hartley is not reading too much into dundee united 's recent slide ahead of wednesday night 's scottish premiership derby at dens park . united have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions , drawing the other two , while their last league victory was way back on january 24 against motherwell . however , hartley is refusing to believe that will make his side 's job any easier as they attempt to register their first win in a derby this season at the fourth attempt . paul hartley is not reading too much into dundee united 's recent slide ahead of wednesday 's derby game . hartley said : ' they 've still got good players . ' we 're under no illusion about the talent they have throughout the squad . ' we 've seen it throughout the season - and in games against us , in particular . we know they 've got players who can hurt you anywhere . we need to be focused on what we can do . ' dundee are without a win in three matches themselves , following up their defeat to ross county with 1-1 draws against aberdeen and inverness . dundee utd 's nadir ciftci scores his side 's equalising goal from the penalty spot against ross county . callum morris celebrates his goal during the scottish league cup match against aberdeen . that has left them in seventh place in the table on 41 points , five behind fourth-placed united and two adrift of hamilton in sixth . hartley said : ' we 're trying to look at getting as many points before the split , try to get into that top six . ' we 're not far off but we know we need to win some games . ' if we get a result in the derby , it takes us a couple of points behind united , yes . but the main thing for us is trying to catch our nearest opponent . ' dundee utd 's john souttar battles for the ball with liam boyce during their game at tannadice . despite not having won since february , hartley believes his players can still take confidence into wednesday 's match after taking points off top-three sides aberdeen and inverness . he said : ' we 're on a pretty good run . ' our results recently have been decent against some good teams in the league . so all credit to the lads for that . we want to keep that going and derby games are always special . if you win , it can give everyone a great lift . dundee united 's cifti in action with aberdeen 's peter pawlett during the scottish communities league cup . ' we know what 's at stake and we want to finish the season as strongly as possible . ' our punters will be really looking forward to it and we would love to give them the three points . ' dundee defender james mcpake will be given until the last minute to prove his fitness ahead of the derby after being sent for a scan on his knee . hartley said : ' he caught his knee in training on thursday , did very little on friday and felt ok throughout the inverness game . he just landed awkwardly from a corner . '