the son of the apprentice host mark bouris has appeared in court charged with the alleged assault of his model girlfriend . dane bouris , who was a contender for 2013 's cleo bachelor of the year , appeared in waverley court on tuesday and pleaded not guilty , 9news reported . he was arrested at his watsons bay home - in sydney 's east - on the weekend for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend , alexandra dankwa . scroll down for video . dane bouris appeared at waverley court on tuesday charged with the alleged assault of his girlfriend . bouris , 33 , is best known as the son of wizard home loans founder mark bouris and has appeared as an advisor on the apprentice . he is the hotelier of morgans boutique hotel in darlinghurst - in sydney 's inner-city - after beginning his career at the company his father started . his girlfriend , alexandra dankwa , is of european and african background , according to her modelling profile . the 22-year-old started her career as child model for grace brothers , samsung and hasbro . in instagram pictures , he and his model girlfriend , alexandra dankwa , appear playful and happy . dankwa says she is part of the fitness industry and has just started modelling again in the past three years . she works as a fitness instructor but has ' become active again ' as a model in the past three years . on her profile , dankwa said her ' niche ' was modelling for swimwear , lingerie , sports wear , fitness and high-end beauty products . this latest incident is not bouris ' first brush with the law . bouris is the son of australian businessman and the apprentice host mark bouris who is the founder of wizard home loans . here bouris ( far left ) is pictured with his dad and his grandfather in an instagram post . in 2013 , he was fined $ 7,500 after his staffordshire terrier attacked another canine while walking in byron bay , the daily telegraph reported . three years earlier , offensive behaviour and resisting arrest charges were dropped against him . bouris will return to court again in august . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .