with rigorous grooming regimes and instagram filters , it seems that some celebrities are on a constant mission to stay forever young - and succeeding . but whether it 's through botched surgeries , poor lifestyles , stressful career lows or shattered relationships , certain stars have taken a quicker turn for the worst than their contemporaries . from child actors that swiftly deteriorated in the lime light or golden hollywood stars that have greyed with time , femail rounds up the celebrities that have aged terribly . lindsay lohan . lindsay lohan at the age of 18 in 2005 ( left ) and now at the age of 28 ( right ) . the child actress shot to fame as a freckle-faced darling in classics such as the parent trap , freaky friday and mean girls , but despite showing much promise , the now 28-year-old began to experience regular run-ins with the law and started appearing on headlines for the wrong reasons . a few rehab stints , dui charges and parole violations later and it seems like lohan 's fast-paced lifestyle is finally catching up to her . the star has recently began showing rapid signs of ageing , including lines and over-plumped lips . johnny depp . johnny depp at the age of 39 in 2003 ( left ) and now at 51 ( right ) . johnny depp shot to stardom as a teen idol due to his dark and mysterious looks and acting versatility , which scored him roles in films such as edward scissorhands and a nightmare on elm street . having dated a slew of beautiful it-girls such as winona ryder and kate moss , before having two children with long-term partner vanessa paradis , the 51-year-old actor is now married to 29-year-old actress amber heard . it seems the series of high-profile relationships and a long-term smoking habit has taken its toll on the actor , as he now exhibits duller skin and lacklustre hair . kate moss . supermodel kate moss at the age of 30 in 2004 ( left ) , now at the age of 41 ( right ) . kate moss was , and still remains , one of the most famous supermodels in the world , rising to fame in the nineties after she was discovered at the tender age of 14 . the now 41-year-old ushered in the supermodel movement ' heroin chic ' , and popularised waif models at the time . however , 20 years of drinks and partying have seemingly aged the supermodel , who only celebrated her 41st birthday in january - but exhibits fine lines and dull skin . brad pitt . brad pitt at the age of 42 in 2006 ( left ) and now at 51 ( right ) . brad pitt made his breakout role as a denim-sporting , cowboy hat-toting , golden-skinned bandit in thelma & louise in 1991 , and quickly gained celebrity for his dashing looks . the actor has since been regularly cited as one of the world 's most attractive men , and the now 51-year-old has been with wife angelina jolie since 2005 , with whom he has six children with . but it seems like the strain of a hectic life has taken its toll on pitt 's looks , and the actor looks more haggard and greyed by the day . britney spears . britney spears at the age of 21 in 2003 ( left ) and now at the age of 33 ( right ) . at one point , britney spears was the apple of the eye of every noughties guy and gal , sporting the widely-popular all-american aesthetic and busting out hit tunes such as baby one more time and oops ! i did it again . but it seems the fame and attention came too early , and the star suffered an apparent breakdown in 2007 , shaving her head completely bald and beating a paparazzi 's car with an umbrella . since then , the 33-year-old pop star has slowly tried to bring back her career , but her weighty personal issues have inevitably taken their toll on her appearance . macaulay culkin . macaulay culkin at the age of 24 in 2005 ( left ) and now at the age of 34 ( right ) . one of the most prominent child stars of our time , a baby-faced macaulay culkin soared to fame in 1990 christmas favourite , home alone , when he was just ten years old . after completing a sequel a couple of years later , the star seemingly dropped off the public radar , struggling to secure acting work . the next time the now 34-year-old made headlines were for drug misdemeanors , and the star has since been seen chain-smoking and sporting an unrecognisably gaunt physique . renée zellweger . renée zellweger at the age of 36 in 2006 ( left ) and now at the age of 45 ( right ) . the american actress rocketed to fame as our favourite ' verbally incontinent spinster who drinks like a fish , smokes like a chimney , and dresses like her mother ' : bridget jones . the 45-year-old 's protrayal of the lovable and relatable character saw zellweger 's popularity spike and she landed additional hit roles in films such as chicago and cold mountain . however , it seems the pressure to maintain a youthful complexion took its toll and zellweger was subject to some controversy late last year , when she stepped out sporting a distinctively tauter but unrecognisable face . leonardo dicaprio . leonardo dicaprio at the age of 31 in 2006 ( left ) , and now at 40 ( right ) . with more than 30 years in the acting industry , leonardo dicaprio swiftly sealed his position as hollywood hearthrob after roles in films such as titanic and romeo + juliet . having for the duration of his career remained a bachelor and enjoyed a regularly publicised party-boy lifestyle , it 's no wonder that the actor 's once-revered looks have begun to fade . the star is regularly seen out chain-smoking , sporting a hefty beard and a pot belly . mischa barton . mischa barton at the age of 21 in 2007 ( left ) and then now at the age of 29 ( right ) . rocketing to stardom as troubled all-american girl marissa cooper in the o.c. , barton was the envy of every teen due to her flawless looks . after the o.c. , the actress struggled with securing film roles , and battled with yo-yo dieting , displaying dramatically fluctuating weight losses and gains . the 29-year-old star also had run-ins with the law and was charged with a dui and possession of drugs in 2007 . it seems as if barton 's hectic lifestyle and stress has started to catch up with her , with her face displaying signs of accelerated ageing . russell crowe . russell crowe at the age of 41 in 2005 ( left ) , the actor now at 51 ( right ) . australian actor russell crowe has enjoyed a successful career , scooping an oscar in 2000 for his role in ridley scott-directed gladiator . although crowe was always known for his messy unshaven looks , it seems as if the now 51-year-old has completely let go of his grooming regime all together . the star sports an unruly greyed beard and has put on a considerable amount of weight . here femail rounds up the other celebrities who have aged badly ... world-renowned singer and performer , madonna , at 42 years of age in 2001 ( left ) , now at 56 ( right ) . baywatch star pamela anderson at the age of 35 in 2003 ( left ) , now at the age of 47 ( right ) . singer michelle williams , formerly of destiny 's child , at 25 years of age in 2006 ( left ) and now at 34 ( right ) . actress meg ryan , at the age of 39 in 2000 ( left ) and age 53 now ( right ) .