no need to tell padraig harrington what a difference a year makes . twelve months ago he stood on the same spot on the same practice ground at the same tournament , the houston open , looking as crestfallen as i have ever seen him . now look at him . there’s an obvious contentment as he hits a few shots and breaks off to chat with his long-time caddie , ronan flood . he’s taking in the surroundings with the grateful bearing of a man handed an unlikely lifeline . in short , here’s a three-time major champion who’s got his mojo back . three time major winner padraig harrington has rediscovered his form ahead of the masters . the irishman practices during the pro-am before the start of the houston open in texas . the small miracles that occur in this game . a month ago harrington had fallen outside the world’s top 300 when he accepted an invitation to play in the honda classic in florida . he ended up winning his first tournament in america since the 2008 uspga championship . how on earth does that happen ? first , let’s return to the depths of despair . ‘ last year ? yeah i was devastated , there’s no other word for it , ’ he admits . ‘ i thought all along i’d do something that would get me to the masters . a year earlier i’d been in contention to win and now i wasn’t good enough even to start . it was a huge shock . ’ it was the first major championship this century for which he’d failed to qualify and he ended up watching it sulking on the sofa at home . ‘ it was very tough , ’ he says . ‘ i watched it all and it wasn’t nice . even though i was out of form , you always think you have a chance at any major , so i was gutted to miss out . ’ harrington had falled out of the world 's top 300 before accepting an invitation to the honda classic . the 43-year-old ended up winning the tournament after a play-off victory against daniel berger . he looked for all the world like he would miss out this year as well until that dramatic play-off victory in the sunshine state . the spoils of success included an invitation to augusta . ask him about next week and he sounds like a kid who’s just discovered chocolate . ‘ i feel like i’m going to play in the masters for the first time , i’m that excited , ’ he said . ‘it’s funny , all my family are going this year , while in other years it was , like : “ ah , not to worry , we’ll wait and go another year . ” now that i’ve missed one they’re fearing this will be the last time they will have the chance . ‘ as a player , a bit of that creeps in as well . when you’re playing great you think you’re never going to miss these events . but hopefully i shall play well for a while now . that’s been my thing over the years . it’s always been about peaks and troughs and keeping the peaks for as long as you can . my wins tend to come together so hopefully i’ll win a few more now . ’ harrington was ' devastated ' after failing to qualify for last year 's masters following poor results . the dunliner kisses the famous claret jug after winning the 2008 open at royal birkdale . harrington 's recent upturn in form began after winning the indonesia open at the end of last year . two of his wins together were the open and uspga in 2008 . so , as the last player to go to augusta looking for a third straight major victory , how does he rate rory mcilroy’s chances ? ‘ the good thing is that expectation is already at saturation point , so i don’ t think that will be an issue , ’ he said . ‘ every week he’s the main man so he’s used to it . i think the main issue for rory is that so many other players are playing so well . take dustin johnson . rory’s big thing was that he’d hit a driver everywhere while most players would hit three wood . and he’d hit it straight so that made him not just long but doubly long . but dustin does the same thing – and he’s 20 yards longer than rory . ‘ having said that , rory has shown when he has his a game he wins . i’d go there with the attitude that if i win the masters next year it’ll still be the career grand slam . he’s just got to try and stay out of his own way as much as he possibly can . ’ harrington , of course , knows all about this mental side of the game , having read every volume on the subject . rory mcilroy heads to augusta looking to complete a grand slam of winning all four majors . the world no 1 faces competition from dustin johnson and his mammoth drives . last summer he started working with steve peters , the renowned psychologist who helped britain’s cycling team to glory and is now working with liverpool football club and england . harrington was one of the 200,000 people who bought peters’s book ‘ the chimp paradox . ’ basically , it’s about how to manage your inner chimp - the part of the brain that runs on emotions and gut instincts . ‘ he has really helped me out , ’ said harrington . ‘he’s helped me rediscover some essential truths about my game . i’d lost my confidence in my ability to read greens , for example , whereas before i thought there was no-one i’d rather read a 10ft putt to win a major . so that huge change in belief led to a lot of tentative strokes . ‘ as for my inner chimp , well he’s not angry . i don’t throw clubs or lose my temper . he’s an introvert , but he’s very devious . he needs a lot of reassuring and he was definitely doing a lot of damage . but rediscovering those essential truths have helped me put my chimp back in his box . ’ and long may he keep him there . harrington has been working with steve peters ( left ) who has also worked with roy hodgson 's england team . 