spring is in the air which means the football season has reached the business end of the campaign across the country . so whether your side is competing to win the barclays premier league or scrapping to stay in the vanarama conference , sportsmail has produced a guide to let you know all the key positions in the top five leagues as they are confirmed . barclays premier league . champions : chelsea . champions league qualification : chelsea . europa league qualification : tbd . relegated : tbd . chelsea captain john terry ( right ) celebrates with cesar azpilicueta after the blues defeated crystal palace 1-0 at stamford bridge to clinch the barclays premier league title . manchester city , the gunners and manchester united are likely to join league champions chelsea in the champions league , with only liverpool , tottenham and southampton still within a mathematical chance of breaking the top four . the outside trio are set to secure the europa league places but only if arsenal win the fa cup . should villa claim victory at wembley then only two europa league places will be available to fifth and sixth place . burnley and qpr are losing pace down at the bottom in a scrap against relegation which still involves the entire bottom half of the table . sky bet championship . champions : bournemouth . automatic promotion : bournemouth , watford . play-off qualification : norwich city , middlesbrough , brentford , ipswich town . relegated : millwall , wigan athletic , blackpool . bournemouth players celebrate winning the championship on the final day of the season at charltom . sky bet league one . champions : bristol city . automatic promotion : bristol city , mk dons . play-off qualification : preston north end , swindon town , sheffield united and chesterfield . relegated : notts county , crawley town , leyton orient and yeovil town . bristol city celebrate being crowned league one champions after goalless draw against coventry . sky bet league two . champions : burton albion . automatic promotion : burton albion , shrewsbury town , bury . play-off qualification : wycombe wanderers , southend united , stevenage borough , plymouth argyle . relegated : cheltenham town and tranmere rovers . shrewsbury players celebrate promotion at cheltenham on a day which also saw the home side relegated . vanarama conference . champions : barnet . play-off qualification : bristol rovers , grimsby town , eastleigh and forest green rovers . relegated : alfreton , telford united , dartford , nuneaton . mauro vilhete of barnet ( right ) celebrates with curtis weston after scoring against gateshead in a 2-0 win which saw the bees crowned conference champions and secure a return to league football .  