celtic are considering a second double raid on dundee united for teenager john souttar and striker nadir ciftci . the tannadice club sparked a row with supporters when they sold star duo stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven to the parkhead club on deadline day in january . jackie mcnamara’s side have won just three of their 14 games since , and lost 3-0 at home to ronny deila’s side on sunday . dundee united midfielder john souttar ( right ) challenges for possession with celtic 's kris commons . heavily linked with ciftci in january , the norwegian has also earmarked 18-year-old souttar as potential cover for scott brown and nir bitton in a holding midfield role . the teenager has recently impressed in the middle of the pitch since switching from central defence . ciftci and souttar are under contract until may next year and could go for a combined fee of £1.5million . admitting there is huge pressure on the europa league contenders not to sell any more players to celtic , however , united no 2 simon donnelly said : ‘ i think that’s always going to be there . all the drama that was whipped up over the stuff in january wasn’t helpful to the club , but we as coaches and the manager just have to try and focus on our job here . you are always going to have interest and speculation . we’ve had to deal with it for the two years we’ve been here . ’ adding to the pressure on united was the public release of a clause in manager mcnamara’s contract entitling him to a cut of any transfer profits . celtic are also interested in signing striker nadir ciftc from dundee united . insisting tannadice minds are focused on securing a european slot next season , donnelly played down talk of a move for ciftci or anyone else , adding : ‘ nadir is a dundee united player , so it’s our job in the next five games to go and try to reach europe and nadir will help us do that . ’ meanwhile , referee steven mclean will be back in the firing line this weekend for the first time since he and his officials missed a crucial hand-ball by caley thistle defender josh meekings in celtic’s scottish cup semi final defeat to inverness at hampden on april 19 . the duo are likely to cost celtic around £1.5million , the second double raid on the club after signing stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven . celtic , who had been leading 1-0 at the time , went on to lose 3-2 and subsequently wrote to the sfa demanding an explanation . meekings was hit with a notice of complaint by sfa compliance officer tony mcglennan , which could have seen him miss the final , but inverness were successful in contesting the charge . as a result of the fall-out , mclean was spared a top-flight assignment last week , serving as fourth official in motherwell’s trip to hamilton , but will be back in the middle on saturday for the bottom-six clash between kilmarnock and accies at rugby park .