whether it is through sir bradley wiggins , geraint thomas or ian stannard , ireland 's classics king sean kelly believes the time has come for team sky to break their duck in one of cycling 's monuments . with the two major cobbled classics - the tour of flanders and paris-roubaix - looming large over the next two weekends , it is time to see the early results of sir dave brailsford 's move to put more emphasis on the spring classics in his second five-year plan for team sky . with wiggins electing to sign off his team sky career with an appearance at paris-roubaix on april 12 , the races are bound to be a big part of the team 's season whatever the outcome . british bradley wiggins competes during the the gent-wevelgem one day cycling race on march 29 . the shift in emphasis has already paid dividends in the early part of the season , with stannard defending his title at omloop het nieuwsblad , team sky 's third victory in the belgian race , while thomas last week won e3 harelbeke - a key warm-up for this weekend 's tour of flanders . kelly , whose record of nine monument wins puts him in a tie for third all-time , likes what he sees from team sky as the big races approach . ' right now they 're looking really good , ' kelly said . ' they 've been very impressive in the semi-classics . can they finish it off by winning a big one ? ' team sky 's focus on the grand tours up to now has left them short of riders equipped to win classics , while the usually chaotic nature of the races is anathema to their favoured controlling tactics . but the development of stannard and thomas gives team sky two in-house contenders , while wiggins raised eyebrows with his ninth-placed finish in paris-roubaix last year and he vowed to return . luke rowe could also be another british option for the team . ian stannard ( 3rd from front ) rides in the gent-wevelgem one-day cycling race on march 29 . injuries to classics specialists fabian cancellara ( trek factory ) and tom boonen ( etixx-quickstep ) - although the latter may return in time for paris-roubaix - add to the impression that team sky 's best chance may be now . ' without cancellara , without boonen , it 's going to be a more open race , ' said kelly , who will commentate on both the tour of flanders and paris-roubaix for eurosport . ' there 's going to be eight-10 guys saying they can win and sky have three of them . geraint is certainly in there , stannard is maybe a little bit under his best after his crash ( in the first monument , milan-san remo on march 22 ) but can come back , and then of course there is wiggins . ' of the three , wiggins is yet to show the sort of form this season which suggests he can win paris-roubaix , but kelly is not counting the 2012 tour de france winner out , saying a monument win to add to his tour and world time trial success would elevate wiggins to ' another level ' . ' if you look at the way he 's performing at the moment , for me , it 's not as good as i would like him to be in the recent races , but you ca n't go to paris-roubaix with only one card to play , ' kelly said . geraint thomas celebrates placing third in the belgian cycling classic ghent-wevelgem . ' with thomas and stannard as well , you play all of those cards and the rest look after them . if you can get to the final 10-12km and wiggins is still there , that is where he can go on the attack . ' to get to that point , team sky will need to be in survival mode in a usually attritional race known as ' the hell of the north ' . the brutal cobbled stretches , which require huge amounts of effort while increasing the chances of crashes and mechanical problems , create a nervousness in the peloton which makes planning all but impossible . although kelly never won the tour of flanders , finishing second in 1984 , he was victorious in paris-roubaix twice , 1984 and 1986 , and said the fear of the cobbles is something that never really left him . ' when i first went there i had a horrendous time - i was very nervous on the cobbles and i was n't able to ride them well , ' he said . ' i slowly developed and i was able to manage to ride them , but even when i got to the point of being a paris-roubaix favourite it 's still very nervous times . ' it 's a horrible race to ride , but a great race to win . '  