prehistoric man sketched an incredible array of prehistoric beasts on the rough limestone walls of a cave in modern day france 36,000 years ago . now , with the help of cutting-edge technology , those works of art in the chauvet-pont-d'arc cave have been reproduced to create the biggest replica cave in the world . the manmade cavern named the caverne du pont-d'arc has been built a few miles from the original site in vallon-pont-d'arc in southern france and contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings as well as around 450 bones and other features . scroll down for video . cavemen and women sketched an incredible array of prehistoric beasts on the rough limestone walls of a cave 36,000 years ago and now a replica has been created ( pictured ) . the replica cave ( pictured ) contains 1,000 painstakingly reproduced drawings , as well as bones and other debris . it contains pictures of oxen , cows , deer and other animals the original artists used as inspiration . the original and unique ‘ grotte chauvet’ was discovered around 20 years ago and is a unesco world heritage site . it is the oldest known and the best preserved cave decorated by man , but is not open to the public and is only seen by a handful of experts every year , in order to keep the precious works of art safe . now experts have scanned the original drawings using 3d modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls to the millimetres . the replica cave ( pictured ) has been built near vallon-pont-d'arc in southern france and contains 1,000 painstakingly-reproduced drawings of 425 animals as well as around 450 bones . it is the oldest cave decorated by man – and the best preserved , but is not open to the public to keep the precious works of art safe . it bears images of woolly rhinos for example ( the replica drawings are shown ) . ‘ the most remarkable paintings , engravings , palaeontological and essential geological representations are reproduced full-scale from the scanned originals , ’ promotional material says . ‘ the objective is to reproduce the emotions originally aroused by the cave and to reveal its hidden world . ’ the drawings include images of 14 different species such as cave bears , woolly rhinoceros , mammoths and big cats , some of which are the only representations in palaeolithic cave art . unique representations include a panther , owl and even part of the female body , making the original site an invaluable research subject for scientists around the world . experts scanned the original drawings using 3d modelling techniques to capture each marking and position them correctly on the bumpy replica walls to the millimetre . a replica mammoth is shown . the drawings include images of 14 different species such as cave bears , woolly rhinoceros , mammoths and big cats , some of which are the only representations in palaeolithic cave art . the reproduction is shown . ' the decorated cave of pont-d’arc is an invitation to a journey back in time , a wonderful dive into the heart of humanity and a major landmark in the history of civilisation , ' said the creators of the replica . creators added that one of their objectives was to reproduce the emotions aroused by the original cave . a solitary sketch of an antelope lies on a wall of the massive replica cave in southern france . the replica cave called the caverne du pont-d'arc has been built a few miles from the original site in vallon-pont-d'arc in southern france ( shown with a red marker ) . unique representations include a panther , owl and even part of the female body , making the original site an invaluable research subject for scientists around the world . the panther is among these big cats . while the real cave is 91,490 square feet ( 8,500 metres ) the replica is 32,290 square feet ( 3,000 square metres ) in area . here , copies of drawings can be seen on the ceiling . visitors to the caverne du pont-d'arc marvel at the replica cave , which is almost identical to the 36,000 year old vallon-pont-d'arc . the replica cave ( pictured ) will open to the public on april 25 . pictured is a drawing of a horse that adorns its roof . the replica cave reproduces the complex and turbulent works of art depicted in the decorated cave of pont-d’arc . specialists used 3d modelling and anamorphic techniques , the latter of which is used to shoot widescreen images . using a high-precision scanner , a three-dimensional digital model of the cave was created . experts first modelled the cave’s continuous surface and then made it fit the new space accordingly . they took 6,000 digital photos of the artwork , allowing it to be copied accurately . images were placed on the corresponding computerised cave-walls before being transferred onto the physical replica . the new cave also includes replica paw prints of bears , bones and details preserved in the original cave . but while the real cave is 91,490 square feet ( 8,500 metres ) the replica is 32,290 square feet ( 3,000 square metres ) in area and visitors to the attraction , which opens on april 25 , will be able to take in the artwork while standing on a raised walkway . promotional material for the replica says : ‘ today , the bold alliance of artistic creation and the most advanced technologies , some of which were used for the first time , make of this replica a true prototype . ‘…the decorated cave of pont-d’arc is an invitation to a journey back in time , a wonderful dive into the heart of humanity and a major landmark in the history of civilisation . ‘ our ambition is to give visitors the opportunity to feel the same emotions , experience the same sensations and the surprise to discover a unique place in the world . ’ hervé saulignac , president of the general council of the ardèche and vice-president of the rhône-alpes region , said : ‘36 000 years separate us from these men , highflying artists , who settled there , a few metres from a river that still defines our territory . ' almost everything is similar – nature - it has not aged . ‘ our ambition is that it should be the same . to preserve this masterpiece for future generations , to continue to make it indestructible , untouched by the ravages of man and time…’ . the attraction , which has cost €55 million ( £40 million or $ 60 million ) , also includes a discovery centre , which will inform visitors about the flora , fauna and daily lives of our ancestors who lived in the region 36,000 years ago . sketches of panthers adorn the wall of the replica cave , which cost £40million to create . it is the largest replica cave in the world and features a walkway from which visitors can view the reproduced sketches . promotional material for the replica says : ‘ today , the bold alliance of artistic creation and the most advanced technologies , some of which were used for the first time , make of this replica a true prototype . ' a reproduction of a sketch of a woolly rhino done 36,000 years ago , is shown . the replica cavern condenses 8,000 square metres of the original site into 3,000 square metres and contains more than 1,000 drawings . a visitor to the cave points at the animal drawings which were modelled identically on those discovered in southern france 20 years ago . creators hope the replica will help preserve the masterpiece of original cave art discovered 20 years ago - which is only open to researchers . the attraction also includes a discovery centre , which will inform visitors about the flora , fauna and daily lives of our ancestors who lived in the region . the site is not just limited to artwork - pictured here are replicas of more than 450 bones found in the original vallon-pont-d'arc . sketches adorning the replica cave 's walls include images of antelopes , panthers , horses and cows .