since herman melville penned his novel moby dick more than 150 years ago , scientists have been fascinated by the remarkable attributes of the sperm whale and its kin - the smaller pygmy and dwarf whales . now , fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago , have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales . the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the organ involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the whale’s evolution . fossils from an extinct pygmy sperm whale that died seven million years ago have shed new light on the evolution of modern day whales . this image shows the right lateral view of the skull of nanokogia isthmia . although why this is so remains a mystery . while many whales , dolphins and porpoises have a long fossil record , enabling scientists to understand their evolution , there is limited evidence of sperm whales and smaller pygmy and dwarf whales , which are capable of navigating the ocean deep underwater . now an international team of scientists , led by the natural history museum of los angeles county has discovered a new species of extinct pygmy sperm whale , called nanokogia isthmia , which clarifies key aspects of the evolution of these animals . the well-preserved skulls of two individuals were unearthed at a sea cliff along the caribbean coast of panama . the find will help experts fill in gaps in the evolution of cetaceans . this is the evolutionary tree of sperm whales showing links between extinct and living species , and when the spermaceti organ changed shape . the remains , which were discovered in panama , indicate that the bone involved in sound generation and echolocation got smaller throughout the evolution of the sperm whale . in contrast modern sperm whales ( a stock image is shown ) are much larger than their extinct relatives . the sperm whale is the largest of the toothed whales and the largest toothed predator . it 's only one of three living species in the sperm whale family , along with the pygmy sperm whale and dwarf sperm whale . mature males reach an average length of 52 ft ( 16 metres ) with their head making up one third of their length . they mostly dine on squid and swim to depths of 7,380 ft ( 2,250 metres ) to hunt for prey . they are the second deepest diving mammal , following only cuvier 's beaked whale . the sperm whale 's clicking vocalisation - a form of echolocation and communication - can be as loud as 230 decibels underwater , making it the loudest sound produced by any animal . it has the largest brain of any animal on earth , more than five times heavier than a human 's and can live for more than 60 years . it reveals an unexpected level of complexity in the evolution of the spermaceti , which is an organ located within the head that plays a key role in the generation of sound and in the whale’s capacity for echolocation . the study , published in the journal plos one , shows that at one time small sperm whales measuring around seven feet ( two metres in length ) had a much larger spermaceti organ relative to their size than modern day relatives . it got downsized at least twice during their evolutionary history , including the evolutionary event that gave origin to the living pygmy and dwarf sperm whales . lead researcher dr jorge velez-juarbe said : ‘ the new discovery gives us a better understanding of the ancient distribution of these poorly known relatives of the sperm whale . ‘ previously we knew of similarly-aged pygmy and dwarf whales from baja california and peru , but this new fossil fills in an important geographic gap in the group’s ancient distribution . ’ he added : ' our study is part of a larger scientific effort aimed at understanding the changes in the marine habitats that resulted from the complete closure of the isthmus of panama , ' referring to the separation between the eastern pacific ocean and the caribbean sea that took place sometime within the last 10 million years . the new fossil is known from the well-preserved skulls of two individuals which were unearthed at a sea cliff along the caribbean coast of panama , shown on this map . the fossils show that at one time small sperm whales measuring around seven feet ( two metres in length ) had a much larger spermaceti organ relative to their size . a dorsal view of the fossilised skull is shown .