that little voice inside your head that tells you to keep eating is , in fact , simply a cluster of around 10,000 brain cells . now scientists believe they have found tiny triggers inside those cells that give rise to this ' voice ' and ruin a dieter 's good intentions . the new research , done on fish and mice , could someday lead to pills that will be able to quieten that voice or increase its volume . the research focused on pomc neurons , which are a structure called the hypothalamus , that send and receive signals to regulate appetite . on the left , images of normal hypothalamus pomc cells from a developing mouse . on the right : when the gene for the transcription factor is deleted , the cells no longer make it . the research focused on pomc neurons , which are a structure called the hypothalamus , that send and receive signals to regulate appetite . when pomc neurons are absent , or not working properly , animals and humans grow dangerously obese . the new findings show in animals that the same thing happens when certain genetic triggers inside the pomc cells are n't working . the team , led by the university of michigan , looked at how a protein called a transcription factor , and two small stretches of dna called enhancers , act as triggers for the pomc gene . all three regulate how often and when the pomc cells use the gene to create the signal molecules that then go out to the body . that little voice inside your head that tells you to keep eating is , in fact , simply a cluster of around 10,000 brain cells . now scientists believe they have found tiny triggers inside those cells that give rise to this ' voice ' . ' the pomc region is a central node of the brain 's means for regulating body weight , in response to influences from the hormone leptin , ' said malcom low , a professor in the department of molecular and integrative physiology . like signal lights that show pilots the path to an airport runway , enhancers guide proteins toward the gene so it can be read . located deep inside the brain , in a structure called the hypothalamus , the cluster of pomc neurons act as a control center for feelings of fullness or hunger . they take in signals from the body , and send out chemical signals to regulate appetite and eating . when pomc neurons are absent , or not working correctly , animals and humans grow dangerously obese . the latest research show in animals that the same thing happens when certain genetic triggers inside the pomc cells are n't working . the researchers found that the two enhancers act in ways that complement one another , both encouraging the expression of the pomc gene at key times . mice born without both of them became obese – as if their pomc gene had been deactivated . the protein that latches on to the enhancer , called a transcription factor , is also vital . in the new pnas paper , the researchers report that the transcription factor islet 1 , encoded by the isl1 gene , plays this important role for pomc . when the researchers blocked cells of the hypothalamus from making islet 1 halfway through pregnancy , the fetal mice failed to develop any pomc cells . ' taken together , this work represents the first example of a neuron-specific gene in vertebrates where we have found both the enhancers and a shared transcription factor that control gene expression in the developing brain and then throughout the life span of the adult , ' says low . looking to see if the same factors do the same thing in humans will be more complex – and there may be other enhancers and transcription factors involved . but in theory , it could be possible to find drugs to increase the production of pomc gene products , or to help silence it . ' for humans , pomc regulation may be part of the equation of weight control , ' says low . ' we do n't know , but we think it likely , that it may be similar to the mouse model , where its role is like a dial , with a linear relationship between the amount of pomc expression and the degree of obesity . '