this is the moment a young orphaned chimp was rescued after she was found in a tiny wooden box cowering from the animal traffickers who killed her mother . the illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old in the box for two weeks . and the men had been trying to find a buyer on the lucrative black market when they were stopped at a check point trying to cross into sierra leone from guinea , in west africa , last week . scroll down for video . this orphaned chimp was found cowering in a tiny box terrified of the animal traffickers who killed her mother . the traffickers were caught during a joint operation by the guinea ministry of environment , the gendarmerie and the guinée-application de la loi faunique ( galf ) project . charlotte houpline , director of french wildlife protection group wara , said many traffickers have already been arrested and sentenced in guinea sine they launched the project . she said : ' slowly the change that is needed is happening . we have been supporting the government of guinea for four years now to strengthen law enforcement . facilitating the arrest and conviction of wildlife traffickers is the main part of our work . ' and we want to target mainly the major traffickers to tackle head-on its major obstacle - corruption . ' she added that guinea , as well as all the other african countries home to great apes , have a low rate of prosecution for animal trafficking . the traffickers , who kept the three-year-old alive with food ( pictured ) had been trying to find a buyer for her . a spokeswoman for eco activists for governance and law enforcement , said : ' the three-year old female who was saved last saturday was the lucky one . ' she could very easily have ended in the house of some wealthy foreigner or even in an official zoo , travelling out of the country with false documents . ' but even more probably she might not even survive , as the estimations are that for one young ape , smuggled out of africa , 10 others die on the way , as the traffickers are not able to provide them with proper care . ' other horrific numbers are unknown - the babies , which are detected and in best case seized , like this our one , present only a minority of all poached and sold ape babies . ' by easy calculation , we can estimate the number of chimpanzees lost only in guinea during last years to reach tens of thousands . the illegal animal traders had kept the terrified three-year-old chimpanzee in the box for two weeks . ' and hundreds of thousands in the all sub-saharan africa . this crime will drive the chimpanzees in wild to the extinction within few decades , if it is not stopped . ' little apes are like human children . to survive , they need not only food , they need love and care . trauma , which they experience when they see their mother and their family being killed , is not easy to forget . ' when their family is attacked and mother killed , they can not do anything else than cling to her . and then they are torn away from mother´s still warm body by the same men who killed her , falling easily into depression and deprivation . ' yet the future of this particular female looks brighter . she was not seriously injured nor fatally traumatised . immediately after rescue she was accepted by a sanctuary that takes care of orphaned chimpanzees who survived the slaughter of their families . ' there she has a second chance , starting with a long process of rehabilitation to overcome the traumas they suffered and hoping to one day be back to the wild . ' chimpanzees are the closest genetic living relatives to humans - and their young take years to mature . they were stopped at a check point trying to cross into sierra leone from guinea , in west africa , last week . the country is a hub of wildlife trafficking internationally where apes , ivory , skins , reptiles , parrots , shark fins and manatees are illegally exported by organised crime syndicates . since 2007 , more than 130 chimpanzees and 10 gorillas were exported from guinea to china with valid cites permits , which classified these animals as having been bred in captivity - despite no captive breeding programmes existing in guinea . according to un great apes survival partnership ( grasp ) the poachers have to kill approximately 10 chimpanzees to get one baby . so for 130 chimps , exported out of the country , 1,300 of their family members were slaughtered.. . one year ago galf , the guinea conakry branch of wara provided information which lead to the arrest of one of the most notorious ape traffickers in guinea , ousmane diallo . he was sentenced to a year in prison in july 2013 following an 18 month meticulous investigation by galf . during the investigations , he boasted on video that he had trafficked more than 500 chimpanzees , a live lion and panthers . 