mauricio pochettino believes harry kane and ryan mason have not been able to show the same level of consistency since they returned from england duty and hopes to see a big improvement when spurs face newcastle . kane has been one of the stars of the premier league , scoring 29 goals in all competitions for tottenham , and is just one away from becoming their first player since gary lineker in 1992 to hit 30 goals in a season . the england forward has been nominated for both pfa player of the year and pfa young player of the year . england call-up hurt the form of harry kane , according to his tottenham boss mauricio pochettino . pochettino believes that midfielder ryan mason has also been affected by the call-up . mason has been one of the best young midfielders in england this season and has burst on to the international scene in his first full season in the top flight . but since being called into roy hodgson’s squad for the first time for the games against lithuania and italy , the duo have been well below their best as spurs slumped to a goalless draw against burnley and a shock 1-0 home defeat against aston villa last weekend . pochettino said : ‘ when players get their first call-up , they try to show they are good enough and try to impress the national manager , and because they are over-motivated they expend a lot of energy . ‘ when you come back to the team , the consequence is that for two or three weeks you are a little bit down . it is normal and this happened at southampton too . ‘ i remember that we were third in the table and we went to play against arsenal in november . if we won , with three points we’d have been first in the table . the performance wasn’t good . why ? because we’d spent a lot of energy and it was difficult to keep our focus on the normal life . pochettino hopes the pair can improve their standard of recent performances against newcastle . kane scored on his england debut after coming on as a substitute against lithuania at wembley last month . ‘ i remember my first call-up for argentina against holland . i was up on a cloud for a month after it because it was unbelievable to play for the national team . when i got back to espanyol it was difficult . i’d been away for 15 days with my national team and i came back and i said , “ oh , but now i play with redondo , batistuta ... ” you feel like a superstar and then you have to go back to espanyol . ’ meanwhile , pochettino has told supporters to judge him on where tottenham finish next season . he added : ‘ this season was one of transition . we brought a lot of young players , we got to a cup final at wembley . next season we need to build a team to fight for the top four . ’ 