andrew flintoff has called on the english cricketing public to show their love for the natwest twenty20 blast - and under-pressure test captain alastair cook . the blast 's stock is at a new high , in its second year and 12th for the twenty20 domestic format , with the england and wales cricket board announcing much-improved advance ticket sales and a clutch of overseas superstars such as brendon mccullum set to take part . cook , however , is at a much lower ebb as his quest for a long overdue test century - to add to his record 25 - brought him two more failures at the top of the order in the opening match of england 's series in the west indies . andrew flintoff shares a joke with warwickshire and england 's chris woakes at the t20 blast launch . under-pressure england captain alastair cook walks out to bat during the first test in antigua this week . he nonetheless has a supporter in former england team-mate and fellow 2009 ashes-winner flintoff . ' i get fed up of people having a go at alastair cook , ' the all-rounder told sky sports news , as he helped to launch this year 's blast competition - back at edgbaston where he came within one more big hit of winning last year 's final with lancashire . ' i was captain when alastair came into the side . ' i got a lot of things wrong as england captain , but the one thing i got right was picking alastair cook . ' he 's one of england 's finest ever players . if you have a career spanning more than 100 test matches , there are going to be blips along the way . ' but alastair ... will get through this . i 'd like to see people outside the england team backing the lad . ' it 's nice some time when you get a bit of loving from people , and i think that 's the only thing that 's missing with alastair at the minute . ' flintoff has thrown his weight behind his former teammate cook with the west indies series ongoing . woakes and hampshire 's james vince ( right centre ) look in high spirits at edgbaston . flintoff wants to spread the love too for a tournament he hopes will become an institution in british sport . ' you 've seen the success of twenty20 cricket around the world , and the appetite for it in england is no different , ' he added . ' i went to watch lancashire v yorkshire last year - 25,000 people ( were there ) . i was fortunate enough to play in finals day at edgbaston - a terrific night , even though we lost . ' you find a new audience with the natwest blast - an introduction to cricket . ' with some of the overseas signings coming over this year , and the english players , there 's a lot to be excited about . ' there was a player for all 18 counties present at the launch on thursday . at 37 , flintoff is still unsure whether he will be playing again - having made a comeback in 2014 , five years after his retirement . he does have a view on the future of his ex-england colleague kevin pietersen , though . after his sacking last year , 34-year-old pietersen is hoping a welter of first-class runs for surrey can pave his way back to test cricket this ashes summer . flintoff said : ' he wants to play test cricket again , but he 's going to have to state his case . ' you ca n't just walk into a side - there are lads , especially in the batting order , in possession of places and performing . '