leicester’s premier league forecast has looked gloomy for some considerable time , but jamie vardy’s stoppage time winner at the hawthorns suddenly offers a sunnier outlook . ‘ it was a pretty decent day , ’ said vardy ( below ) . ‘ i go to the racing for a giggle . winning the sweepstake was nice but three points was the main thing . ’ leicester have appeared doomed to relegation for months , cemented to the bottom of the table since november . jamie vardy scored an injury-time winner to improve his side 's slim chance of premier league survival . vardy celebrates in front of the travelling away fans after hitting the winner against west bromwich albion . vardy struck past west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill during the closing stages of the clash on saturday . west brom ( 4-4-2 ) : myhill 5.5 ; dawson 5 , mcauley 5 , lescott 5.5 , brunt 6 ; gardner 6.5 ( olsson 73 , 5 ) , yacob 6 , fletcher 7 , morrison 6.5 ( sessegnon 85 ) ; ideye 5 ( anichebe 60 , 5 ) , berahino 5 . subs not used : rose , wisdom , baird , mcmanaman . booked : gardner , fletcher . scorers : fletcher 8 , gardner 26 . leicester ( 4-3-1-2 ) : schmeichel 6 ; de laet 4 ( wasilewski 46 , 6 ) , huth 6.5 , morgan 6 , schlupp 6.5 ; albrighton 6.5 , james 6 ( king 60 , 6 ) , cambiasso 7 ; nugent 7 ; vardy 7.5 , ulloa 6.5 ( mahrez 64 , 6 ) . subs not used : schwarzer , konchesky , drinkwater , kramaric . booked : albrighton , huth . scorers : nugent 20 , huth 80 , vardy 90 . man of the match : jamie vardy . referee : martin atkinson 6 . but two successive wins give genuine hope of survival with seven games to play , five at home . vardy struck a confident tone . survival is , after all , in leicester’s hands . ‘we’ve all been running ourselves in the ground and not getting the points we deserve , ’ said vardy . ‘we’ve not played bad in any game really . this just shows what we are capable of . ‘ we still want to be in this premier league next year . we feel like we belong here . we’ve never been battered and always given a good account of ourselves . ’ leicester manager nigel pearson deserves credit for altering his team at half-time when 2-1 down to goals from darren fletcher and craig gardner . leicester switched to a 3-5-2 formation and flooded men forwards in a bid to add to david nugent’s strike . robert huth found a leveller with 10 minutes to go before vardy ran from halfway to drill a cracking finish in the first minute of injury time . pearson said : ‘ this season we have to make sure our destiny remains with our own results as long as possible . whenever that’s the case , we have a realistic opportunity . ’