a ukip mep has praised russian president vladimir putin as a ‘ very strong leader’ who has ‘ put russia first’ . diane james , ukip’s justice spokesman , also applauded mr putin 's nationalist credentials and argued he was forced into invading ukraine because of the european union . ukip leader nigel farage sparked a row last year when he hailed russian president as a ‘ brilliant operator ' . scroll down for video . praising putin : diane james , ukip 's justice spokesperson applauded russian president vladimir putin 's nationalist credentials . taking part in a women leaders ' debate on lbc radio , mrs james - who is considered a potential successor of nigel farage - said : ‘ nigel went on record saying if you provoke the russian bear you get a reaction . ‘ i admire him from the point of view that he’s standing up for his country . he is very nationalist . ‘ he is a very strong leader . he is putting russia first , and he has issues with the way the eu encouraged a change of government in the ukraine which he felt put at risk a russian population in that country , ' she said . mrs james was the ukip candidate in the eastleigh by-election and currently represents the south east of england in the european parliament . ukip leader nigel farage caused controversy in march 2014 after he admitted he admired putin as a ‘ brilliant operator’ for his stance on the syrian conflict . however , unlike mrs james , he clarified his view on putin by adding : ‘ not that i approve of him politically . how many journalists in jail now ? ’ his comments followed the annexation of crimea , but before the destabilisation of eastern ukraine and the shooting down of malaysian airlines flight mh17 , which is widely believed to have been carried out by russian-supported separatists . mrs james told presenter iain dale ( far left ) that she admires putin because he stands up for his country . ukip smiles : diane james is widely considered to be nigel farage 's successor as the leader of ukip . mrs james ' comments came as ukip’s election campaign chief admitted the party sometimes resembles a ‘ rugby club on tour’ with members who can be ‘boorish’ and ‘chauvinistic’ . patrick o’flynn , who is also the party’s economics spokesman , said ukip needs to ‘ work harder’ as it is ‘lagging’ behind with female voters . as he launched the party’s ‘ policies for women’ alongside the ukip deputy chairman suzanne evans and mrs james , mr o’flynn was forced to defend its ‘blokeish’ image under nigel farage . mrs james ' comments come as ukip 's campaign chief patrick o'flynn said the party resembled a ' rugby club on tour ' . he said : ‘ nigel has said sometimes ukip has resembled a rugby club on tour . i think that 's becoming less and less true and indeed the two top rank female politicians sitting alongside me today are two of the main reasons for that . ‘ but we need to work harder and there still are occasions where people in the party , men in the party , who should know better , have occasionally resorted to boorishness or chauvinism . when that happens i make sure i express my own displeasure . ‘we’re a very fast-growing party , we’re increasing our attraction – it clearly is daft for us to see a political context where we’re not maximising our support in every potential group . ‘ and , as set out today , there is no reason why we should be lagging with female voters – we still are , we’ve got to work harder on addressing those issues and we are doing . ’ the event was delayed after the ukip-branded backdrop collapsed minutes before the press conference was due to begin , sparking frantic work to rebuild the set . the party used the event to confirm a raft of policies , including removing vat from sanitary products , which they have dubbed a ‘ tampon tax’ . it also said it would give ‘ absolute , full and unconditional’ support for current maternity and paternity leave laws , as well as making sure maternity wards are ‘ properly resourced’ . ms james said the party would tackle the problem of female genital mutilation ( fgm ) , which she warned is ‘ accepted cultural practice’ for some of ‘ our ethnic compatriots’ . mrs evans , who is writing the party’s election manifesto , blamed the gap in support for ukip between men and women on ‘lies’ and ‘myths’ spread about the party . she said : ‘ i think it is because of the lies the other parties have put out about us . ‘ there is this myth we will scrap maternity leave , that we hate women , that we do n't do anything for women - i think diane and i are living proof . ‘ unfortunately the propaganda the other parties put about has hit very hard and very deep . ’ ukip mep godfrey bloom was forced out of the party in september 2013 after branding women who do not clean behind the fridge as ‘sluts’ . mr farage , who was absent from the women’s event , has previously been criticised for controversial remarks about breast-feeding and whether women are less valuable to employers after they have been on maternity leave . in a 2010 interview , the party leader who has often been photographed smoking cigarettes and drinking pints of beer , also boasted : ‘i’ve got so many women pregnant over the years . ’ 