a property tycoon has admitted damaging the historic mansion house which inspired one of britain 's best-loved hymns by giving it a gaudy makeover . kim davies bought the elizabethan manor in rural wales where cecil frances alexander wrote the lyrics to all things bright and beautiful . but he then made dozens of illegal alterations , including installing a whirlpool bath with shiny mosaic tiles , crystal chandeliers and spotlights in the ceiling . alterations : kim davies has admitted illegally altering llanwenarth house by installing chandeliers and other gaudy modern touches . bedroom : the master suite at llanwenarth house , which is where cecil frances alexander wrote all things bright and beautiful . glitzy : davies installed a shiny mosaic bath in the house , and has now admitted breaking planning laws . he also put in inappropriate kitchen fittings and replaced the grade ii-listed house 's timber windows with modern ones . davies , 60 , initially denied five charges under the planning ( listed buildings and conservation areas ) act 1990 . however , shortly before his trial was scheduled to start at newport crown court he pleaded guilty to illegally altering llanwenarth house , near abergavenny in monmouthshire . davies ' lawyer george carter-stephenson qc said : ' my client accepts that he has got himself into a very difficult position by fighting this case . ' he now has accepted legal advice and has pleaded guilty to these offences and needs to do something positive to restore the house to the way it should be . he wants to put right what he has wrongly done to the house . ' guilty : davies , left , has changed his plea over the home where mrs alexander , right , once stayed as a guest . historic : the tudor house in the brecon beacons was bought for £657,000 in 2006 but later went on the market for £2.25million . modern : davies ripped out the old kitchen and replaced it with one in a more fashionable style . punishment : davies could face a prison sentence for illegally altering the tudor manor house , one of whose bedrooms is pictured . davies also admitted offences relating to the property 's coach house and its courtyard - such as tearing up old cobblestones and putting down new flagstone paving . the home was built in the late 16th century and was first listed in 1956 because of its national importance . mrs alexander - who also wrote once in royal david 's city - was staying there in 1848 when she penned her hymn of praise to the natural world and god 's role in creating it . the ' purple headed mountain ' in one verse of the song supposedly refers to the nearby sugar loaf and blorenge peaks while the ' river running by ' is the river usk , which flows close to the estate 's boundary . restrictions : planners prosecuted davies when they saw the renovations , which cost more than £1million . wood-panelled : but a string of more modern alterations have now led davies into legal trouble . flashy : another view of the kitchen , which now looks more fitting for a mega-mansion in los angeles or florida . ornate : the wooden staircase leading to the luxurious and bejewelled bathroom at llanwenarth house . llanwenarth was owned for centuries by the famous morgan family , ancestors of the navy admiral and privateer sir henry morgan . davies bought the house - described as an ' historical gem ' - for £675,000 in 2008 , and has spent more than £1million on renovating it over the past few years . in 2012 , the house was listed for sale with a £2.25million price tag but it was not sold . davies always admitted installing a new kitchen and bathrooms , but claimed the work falls outside the restrictions on listed buildings . the house is in the brecon beacons national park and planning officials picked up on the alterations . liquor storage : the kitchen now has a wine rack built in to the central ' island ' so its owner does not have to travel for a drink . sumptuous : the four-poster bed in yet another bedroom , which is also kitted out with a shagpile carpet . marble : the smaller bathroom has expensive counters and a window sill made of luxury stone . one villager said : ' from the photographs , the inside looks like a footballer 's wife monstrosity . ' this is n't the first time some lovely country house with loads of history have been modernised out of all context . ' the upstairs rooms appear to have retained some character but the kitchen , living rooms and bathrooms appear completely out of keeping . ' davies will be sentenced next month . penalties for changing a grade ii-listed building without permission include a maximum 12-month prison sentence or an unlimited fine . cecil frances alexander was a prolific writer of more than 400 poems , and several of them have become hymns which are famous across the world , including ' all things bright and beautiful ' , and the christmas hymn ' once in royal david 's city ' . she was born in dublin and began writing verse in her childhood , being strongly influenced by dr walter hook , dean of chichester . her subsequent religious work was strongly influenced by her contacts with the oxford movement and in particular with john keble , who edited one of her anthologies . her husband , william alexander , was the bishop of derry and raphoe and later became the archbishop of armagh . he was also the last church of ireland bishop to take up a seat in the house of lords .