a toddler was killed after being swept away in a drainage ditch tuesday afternoon . remy dufrene , 3 , of raceland , louisiana , was in the kitchen with his grandmother when he ran out the back door as she was pouring him a glass of milk . the old woman tried to chase after the young boy , but soon after there was a loud scream as he fell into the drainage ditch . scroll down for video . remy dufrene ( above ) drowned after falling into a drainage ditch tuesday afternoon . his father searched for the boy 's body but it took him 15 minutes to find his son in the ditch ( above ) . ' as soon as i pulled him out , his pour little belly looked like it was full of water , and kind of knew when i pulled him out that he was gone , ' said drake dufrene ( above ) the boy 's father . ' he just ran out the front door to back here , and my mom , she 's ill , she ca n't keep up with a 3-year-old , ' drake dufrene , the boy 's father , told cbs 4 . ' i just heard a very , very distinct , scary scream . ' duferene , who was in the bathroom at the time , ran outside and jumped into the water to try and look for his son , but it took him 15 minutes before he was able to find the boy . ' as soon as i pulled him out , his pour little belly looked like it was full of water , and kind of knew when i pulled him out that he was gone , ' he said . emergency workers on the scene spent almost an hour trying to resuscitate the boy to no avail . the family now says they are taking comfort knowing that their boy is in a better place , but are still in shock . ' it 's just , it 's tragic . i hope never anyone has to go through what i 'm going through right now , because i 've never felt anything this hard in my life , ' said the boy 's father ( above with his mother ) . making matters worse , this might have never been an issue were it not for the weather . ' that ditch is almost dry all the time , ' said samuel dufrene , the boy 's grand granfather . ' with this rain we 've been having , there 's a lot of water , and they were pumping hard . ' the family now says they are taking comfort knowing that their boy is in a better place , but are still in shock . ' it 's just , it 's tragic . i hope never anyone has to go through what i 'm going through right now , because i 've never felt anything this hard in my life , ' said the boy 's father .