you would be forgiven for thinking that the sun looked like a giant yolk after an amateur astronomer captured what looks like a chick sitting on its surface . the strange formation was photographed by amateur astronomer gordon ewen , and is a sun spot . the phenomenon is fairly common and the number of spots on the solar surface reflects with how active the sun is . they occur when a concentration of magnetic fields causes the surface temperature to reduce , making a specific section of the sun stand out from its surroundings . the sun 's having a yolk ! sun spots range hugely in size , from just 10 miles ( 16km ) to 100,000 miles ( 160,000km ) wide - big enough to be seen from earth without a telescope . each one can be more than ten times the size of our planet . gordon ewen captured the festive photograph using a telescope at the bottom of his garden . mr ewen , 57 , set up the observatory shed at the bottom of the garden in letchworth , hertfordshire , after he left his job five years ago . ' i 've been interested in astronomy since i was a child . i remember i used to love borrowing books about space from the library and i had telescope when i was 10 , ' he said . ' but it all took a backseat when i went to university to study chemistry though . ' the photograph of the chick-like sun spot was taken on march 10 at midday . the large telescope focuses on a specific wavelength of light and allows him to see the details created on the sun 's surface as hydrogen gas surfaces and swirls . sun spots range in size , from just 10 miles ( 16km ) to 100,000 miles ( 160,000km ) wide - big enough to be seen from earth without a telescope , and more than ten times the size of our planet . sunspots have a temperature of anywhere from 2,700 to 4,200°c ( 4,890 to 7,590°f ) , compared to 5,500°c ( 9,930°f ) for the surrounding solar material , which is why they are so visible . sunspots are also sometimes the source of eruptions on the sun , namely solar flares . no , the picture on the left is not a sun spot ... : the photograph of the chick-like sunspot was taken using gordon ewen 's telescope that focuses on a specific wavelength of light . this allows him to see the details created on the sun 's surface ( another example of his work pictured , right ) . mr ewen , 57 , set up the observatory ( pictured ) shed at the bottom of the garden in letchworth , hertfordshire , after he left his job five years ago . ' i 've been interested in astronomy since i was a child . i remember i used to love borrowing books about space from the library , ' he said . they can have a temperature of anywhere from 2,700 to 4,200°c ( 4,890 to 7,590°f ) , compared to 5,500°c ( 9,930°f ) for the surrounding solar material , which is why they are so visible . the hot spots are also the source of eruptions on the sun , mainly solar flares and coronal mass ejections ( cmes ) , all of which are linked to magnetic fields . the sun goes through a periodic change in activity known as a solar cycle , which has an average duration of 11 years . this also affects the frequency of sunspots . sunspots should not be confused with coronal holes , regions of the corona - an aura of plasma around the sun - where the magnetic field reaches out into space rather than looping back down onto the surface . sun spots are also the source of eruptions on the sun , mainly solar flares and coronal mass ejections ( cmes ) , all of which are linked to magnetic fields ( a picture of a coronal mass ejection taken by mr ewen , pictured ) .