alan pardew says sunderland should be more concerned about his in-form crystal palace side than his past as newcastle manager this saturday . palace beat manchester city on monday night and have ambitions of finishing in the barclays premier league 's top 10 this season . pardew was the first newcastle boss to suffer four successive defeats to sunderland , who last weekend won a fifth tyne-wear derby in a row , but is now only thinking about palace . ' we 're going there in great form . the stadium will be wary of us , the 11 players on the pitch , ' pardew said . glenn murray ( second from right ) celebrates with his team-mates after scoring against manchester city . crystal palace boss alan pardew thinks sunderland fans should concentrate on his in-form side . ' irrespective of my reception , it 's about the 11 players on the pitch and sunderland fans know that we 're in really good form . ' the group is on a high . we have a different type of game this saturday and we need to make the adjustment quickly . ' pardew arrived at selhurst park in january with top-flight survival the target . performances and results have surpassed expectations , but pardew insists the eagles must stick to the characteristics which have seen them soar to 11th place in the table . ' it is now about trying to keep our professionalism and keep on the process of what 's been winning us games , ' pardew added . ' we have n't set an outcome target , in terms of points we 're going to get , but we have talked about the standards that we 've set and that we need to maintain those . ' if we maintain them , then our position might surprise a few . jason puncheon celebrates after scoring palace 's winning goal in their 2-1 victory against champions city . jermain defoe scores a stunning winner for sunderland in the tyne-wear derby against newcastle . ' we 're three points away from the top 10 so of course it is ( a realistic target ) . ' pardew believes palace players will be viewed in a more favourable light when it comes to international honours . he said : ' all our players are going to be looked at in a kinder manner , or through a different lens to how they 've been looked at - and so they should be . ' our form is as good as the top three or four clubs in the country and therefore they should receive the plaudits for what they 're doing . that would be only what they deserve . ' mile jedinak could come straight in after his four-game suspension as midfielder joe ledley is a doubt with a hip injury . pardew added : ' joe ledley 's got a slight strain and we 'll have to monitor that . ' he 's been exceptional since i 've been here , so we 'll give him every opportunity to play . ' pardew , after four years as newcastle boss , knows sunderland well and was not surprised the black cats turned to former rangers and holland boss dick advocaat . ' i think it was a great move for them to have someone of his experience at this time and he 's proving that , ' pardew added . ' it 's fair to say they 've gone a little bit more direct , a little bit more positive . ' they have some good players and it 's always a difficult place to go . ' i do n't think we 're under an illusions . it 's a team coming off the back of a great victory ( beating newcastle 1-0 ) and they will be buoyed for our game . 