a waitress has revealed how the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife . published on the daily blog on wednesday , the anonymous woman has recounted how john key kept playfully pulling her hair despite being told to stop during election time last year . however mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions , stuff.co.nz reports . a waitress has revealed how the new zealand prime minister had repeatedly given her unwanted attention while she was working at a cafe in auckland frequented by him and his wife bronagh ( pictured together ) . the waitress had reportedly been working at a cafe called rosie ( pictured ) in parnell , east of auckland . the waitress - believed to be working at a cafe called rosie in parnell , east of auckland - wrote about she how made it very clear that she was unimpressed by mr key 's gestures . ' he was like the school yard bully tugging on the little girls ' hair trying to get a reaction , experiencing that feeling of power over her , ' she wrote on the blog . mr key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told by his wife bronagh to stop . after dealing with the practical jokes over the six months he had visited the cafe , the waitress finally lost her cool . ' as he made his way out the door i said after him `` please stop or i will actually hit you soon ! `` , ' she wrote . ' everybody knew that i did n't like it , i really did n't like it . i felt powerless and tormented and i stepped out the back and i cried frustrated tears . ' the anonymous waitress wrote how mr key kept being persistent with his hair-pulling antics , despite being told by his wife bronagh to stop . but mr key defended his pranks as ' a bit of banter ' and said he had already apologised for his actions . key , who is en route to the anzac ceremony in gallipoli , told reporters he has a very ' warm and friendly relationship ' with staff at the cafe . ' when i realised she took offence by that i just sort of immediately went back , gave her some wine , apologised and said i was terribly sorry , ' he said according to stuff.co.nz . ' it was all in the context of a bit of banter that was going on , and so obviously i immediately apologised for that . ' she thanked me for that and said `` that 's all fine , no drama '' . '