jeremy clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the bbc so the top gear live shows can go ahead ' in good spirit ' . the global tour of the motoring show looked like it may face the axe following clarkson 's hotel fracas with a producer over a steak dinner . the bbc decided not to renew his contract and cancelled what remained of the latest series of top gear , but the corporation and the presenter have reached an agreement over the remaining live shows . scroll down for video . jeremy clarkson has agreed to keep quiet about his sacking from the bbc so the top gear live shows ( pictured ) can go ahead ' in good spirit ' . bbc worldwide , which shares ownership rights of top gear , feared clarson would vent his anger at his sacking during the live shows , the sunday people reported . but he has agreed to keep quiet on his sacking so the shows can go ahead , meaning fans who have already booked tickets , thought to number almost 100,000 , will not be disappointed . however the shows have been rebranded from top gear live to clarkson , hammond and may live . they will not feature any top gear branding , show any footage from the programmes or feature the stig . a source said : ' jeremy , james and richard agreed to the terms put to them to let the shows go ahead in a good spirit . they were desperate not to let the fans down . ' part of the deal was that neither the bbc nor the top gear brand would be brought into disrepute . ' effectively this meant gagging jeremy from mentioning what had gone on . but he agreed to comply . ' clarkson has agreed to keep quiet on his sacking so the shows can go ahead , meaning fans who have already booked tickets will not be disappointed . the global tour of the motoring looked like it faced the axe following clarkson 's hotel fracas with producer oisin tymon over a steak dinner . clarkson , 54 , is said to be ' champing at the bit ' to get back on stage , with the next show taking place in belfast in may . the tour will also see him travel to south africa , australia and norway - where shows were cancelled while the bbc was deciding whether or not to sack the presenter . it will come to a close on november 29 at the o2 in london , with the futures of co-stars richard hammond and james may unclear . the pair 's faces , along with clarkson 's , have both been removed from the top of top gear website . meanwhile the two final episodes of top gear - which were canned after the hotel bust-up - could be made from footage shot before the controversial presenter left , but insiders say they can never be screened . the programmes are thought to show the presenters racing limousines and driving classic convertibles , but are not likely to ever see the light of day . bbc worldwide did not comment .