jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the type of football which would attract arsenal , manchester united or city . sportsmail's columnist insists the style of play atletico madrid showed against their neighbours real at the bernabeu would not impress the three barclays premier league giants . ' i love watching him on the sidelines . i love watching his team play , their work rate and their effort , they 're a team of men , ' carragher told sky sports . jamie carragher does not feel diego simeone plays the right type of football for the premier league big boys . simeone 's team battled at the bernabeu but were unable to take anything away against real madrid . carragher does not feel simeone plays football which would attract arsenal , manchester united or city . ' but there 's no way a top team such as arsenal , manchester united or manchester city would want to watch that and think that is the type of football we want to play . ' the job he had done is unbelievable , i 'm not knocking that or his record one bit because i admire him so much . ' but i do n't think bigger clubs will look at that and think that 's how i want our club to play . i admire it and people at home may say it was a boring game . ' but they 're playing real madrid . how do you stop them ? you stop [ cristiano ] ronaldo . play deep , leave no space for counter attacks and do n't play pretty football because you can lose it and be counter attacked . ' how he sets up against real madrid is perfect that is shown in their records . but giants of european football and teams in the premier league will not want to play like that . ' simeone , on the other hand , was proud of the way atletico played during their champions league quarter-final second leg as they lost 1-0 against rivals real . carragher insists the style of play atletico madrid showed would not impress the three premier league giants . mario mandzukic looks dejected after javier hernandez 's late goal saw real madrid beat their rivals atletico . atletico madrid were beaten 1-0 after two legs against their neighbours real in the champions league . only javier hernandez 's strike two minutes from time separated the teams after two legs as atletico 's arda turan was sent off for a second yellow card on 76 minutes during the derby . ' i leave feeling proud of my team , ' simeone said afterwards . ' again we competed superbly in a competition as tough as the champions league and to be among the eight best teams in europe is not easy . ' i was always taught that in the game you have to compete and if you give your all you will go home feeling content . i do n't have any negative feelings . there are coaches who would be envious to have these players . '