fleece jackets , piles of hay , a fuzzy stuffed animal sloth and a lot of fruit were on bobbi gordon 's shopping list when she became a surrogate mother to a big-eyed , spikey-haired little boy . a handful of animal keepers at salt lake city 's hogle zoo found themselves with a tiny red-headed charge when eve , a bornean orangutan , died a few weeks after giving birth . now 5 months old , the 14-inch , 11-pound tuah is starting to crawl . scroll down for video . a new addition : tuah , the five month-old bornean orangutan looks on in the great ape building at utah 's hogle zoo on friday . tuah was revealed to the public on saturday , with visitors — some of whom wore ' i met tuah ' buttons — lining up around the ape building to catch their first glimpse . about 9,000 people visited the zoo saturday , said erica hansen , the zoo 's community relations coordinator . ' it was such a larger day ( for attendance ) than we usually have in april , ' she said . gordon is one of several primate handlers who provided round-the-clock care for the infant , improvising along the way . ' we lived like an orangutan , ' gordon said . ' it was exhausting . ' orphan : tuah 's parents eve and elijah , both passed away last fall just a few weeks after tuah 's birth . orangutans spend most of their time in trees . a baby orangutan instinctively clings to his mother 's fur while she builds nests and scavenges for food . so tuah could n't be swaddled and put in a crib like a human baby ; he needed to hang onto someone , even while sleeping . a zoo employee used specialized sewing machines and old fleece jackets to make a vest with strips that simulate an orangutan 's fur . the animal keepers took turns wearing the vest and crawling in hay , while tuah held tight to their chests , developing his muscle strength . but tuah ca n't cling to humans forever . that 's where his sister , acara , comes in . after tuah 's birth , zookeepers began training acara on maternal duties . acara will turn 10 next month and is an eager-to-please orangutan that enjoys learning , gordon said . ' gorillas are a whole other different story , but orangutans are very easy , ' said gordon with a laugh . she called the species ' insanely intelligent . ' taken care of : after four months of round-the-clock care from zookeepers and his older sister , an orphaned orangutan baby is ready to meet the public . the first step was to teach acara to be gentle with the infant . ' she was young and spunky , so that was our biggest worry , that she would n't know what was too rough , ' said gordon . they plied acara with rewards . the more complicated the task , the higher-value the treat : from the everyday fruit to her favorite grapes and pomegranates to the foods she only gets on special occasions , like jello , granola , graham crackers , applesauce and peanuts . when acara had mastered being gentle , zookeepers gave her a stuffed animal to teach her how to pick the baby up , hold it and flip it over . the two were introduced when tuah was 3 months old , and for the last month , they have lived together full time , gordon said . acara has adjusted to child-rearing and will retrieve tuah for animal keepers and carry him between exhibits . she also helps tuah navigate the ropes and stops him from tripping on toys . on saturday , tuah spent a lot of time holding onto the ropes and occasionally wandered up to the glass , giving visitors outside the enclosure an up close glance . ' he stayed awake and fought off his nap until about 3:30 , ' hansen said . tuah 's father was eli , an orangutan who became famous for correctly predicting the super bowl winner seven years in a row . eli died of cancer in september , but officials hope tuah inherited his ability . ' tuah 's going to try it next year , ' gordon said . lost her parents : tuah 's father , now dead , gained national fame by correctly picking the super bowl winner seven straight years is ready to meet the public . 