north sea cod stocks are bouncing back after being heavily overfished for decades and could even be sustainable in five years , new research has found . the population was deemed healthy in hundreds of the northern european fisheries analysed and experts say the fish is closer to being certified as a sustainable species . consumers were previously told to eat gurnard instead of cod after stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s , but the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 . north sea cod stocks are on the rise after being heavily overfished and could be sustainable in five years . however the findings by seafish and the marine stewardship council ( msc ) revealed that one in nine fisheries operate sustainably , with 400 suffering from serious failings in data management . the exact cod stock figures remain unknown due to a severe lack of scientific data on the number of fish caught every year , according to the guardian . dr tom pickerell , technical director at industry-funded seafish , which represents the seafood industry , told the paper he was surprised at how close the north sea cod is to being certified . he said : ' i would like to think within a decade we will have msc-certified north sea cod . i would like to put it closer – where within five years it could look at entering the system . ' cod stocks plummeted in the 1980s and 1990s , but the industry has steadily recovered since regulations were put in place in 2006 . the findings by seafish and the marine stewardship council ( msc ) did reveal however that one in nine fisheries operate sustainably , with 400 suffering from serious failings in data management . although eight out of nine fisheries fell short dr pickerell remains optimistic , adding : ' it 's a question of glass half full or half empty . trawling in the north sea saw catches grow each year until the 1980s , with figures for cod peaking at 300,000 tonnes in the 1970s . various regulations were put in place to protect the stocks of fish , including limited fishing times and limited numbers of fishing boats . but these rules were never systematically enforced and did not bring much relief . after the uk joined the eu , which introduced the common fisheries policy , the problem of overfishing was steadily brought under control . numbers fell to below 70,000 tonnes for the first time in 1999 and reached its lowest level of 28,900 tonnes in 2006 . a report in 2012 suggested that there were only 100 adult cod , which become more fertile as they age , left in the north sea . researchers warned a lower life expectancy meant a lower birth rate and a faster decline . but in 2013 the first signs of recovery started to show as the marine stewardship council recognised cod could be on track for certification . ' we are looking at it as glass half full because we now have an action plan . we would have been in the dark without this research . ' the research included 450 inshore fisheries , which were assessed against the criteria set out by the msc to be considered for its ' blue flash ' logo . this logo is seen as an indicator for consumers that the seafood comes from sustainable fisheries . toby middleton , country manager at the msc , said the report highlights a ' lack of clarity ' on who was responsible for maintaining the fisheries as too many fell between different authorities . the marine conservation society ( mcs ) said it recognises stocks are recovering and that there are ' positive signs ' but still regards it as a species to avoid . the mcs still lists cod caught in the north sea as ' fish to avoid ' , rating it at level 5 . it explains that stock levels in the north sea have declined from a peak of 250,000 tonnes in the early 1970s to their current level of around 70,000 tonnes . atlantic cod is listed by ospar ( the convention for the protection of the marine environment of the north-east atlantic ) as a threatened and declining species and by international union for conservation of nature ( iucn ) as vulnerable in the greater north sea and celtic sea . ' the efforts of fishers and managers through the conservation credits scheme , and the fact that there is a long term management plan in place , are very positive moves and will hopefully see the fishery continue to recover in the coming years , ' it says .  the marine conservation society puts forward a recommended list of fish we can eat ... the mcs list of fish to avoid :