joko widodo 's chief political rival reportedly promised to publicly support the indonesian president if he granted clemency to australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran . former indonesian army general prabowo subianto twice privately assured mr joko there would be no political consequences if the bali nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved , the west australian reported . it 's understood mr prabowo penned a letter to mr joko at the weekend in which he said that if the president were to ' postpone the executions indefinitely ' , he would come out in support of the decision . scroll down for video . indonesian president joko widodo ( left ) ignored reassurances from his chief political rival prabowo subianto ( right ) that he would support a decision to grant clemency to australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran . former indonesian army general prabowo subianto twice privately assured mr joko there would be no political consequences if the bali nine ringleaders and others on death row were reprieved . independent senator nick xenophon said he was told earlier in the year by human rights advocates that mr prabowo - who narrowly lost the presidential elections to mr joko in october - was ' very sympathetic ' to clemency . as well , he could see that the executions of chan and sukumaran could damage relations between australia and indonesia . ' i was advised at the time that it would be a bad idea to approach him , so i did n't , ' senator xenophon told abc radio . ' one view was that it would enrage president widodo and make matters worse , and i guess we 'll never know . ' this comes after a senior indonesian government official praised the firing squad that executed bali nine pair and six other convicted drug traffickers . abc news reports that indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for their work . ' all shots were done perfectly . these executions were carried out smoothly and in order - much better than the first round of executions in january , ' he said . indonesian president joko widodo failed to return australian pm tony abbott 's phone calls about the bali nine in march . indonesian attorney-general h.m. prasetyo ( right ) applauded chan and sukumaran 's executioners for the good job that they did . mr prasetyo declared it was necessary to fight drug crime in the country , as he dismissed australia 's withdrawal of its ambassador as a ' momentary reaction ' . he visited nusakambangan on wednesday , hours after bali nine pair were executed with other drug offenders . ' i would like to say that an execution is not a pleasant thing . it is not a fun job , ' he said . ' but we must do it in order to save the nation from the danger of drugs . we are not making enemies of counties from where those executed came . what we are fighting against is drug-related crimes . ' therefore , i would like to offer my condolences , on the execution of those who were on the death row , to their families , to their home countries . ' once again , we are not against the countries , but we are fighting a war against the horrible drug crimes that threaten our nation 's survival . ' mr prasetyo ( second right ) said that ' all the shots were done perfectly ' at the execution . the indonesian attorney-general believed that wednesday morning 's execution was much better than one carried out in january . mr prasetyo shrugged off diplomatic backlash from australia after prime minister tony abbott slammed the executions as ' cruel and unnecessary ' and announced he would withdraw australia 's ambassador to indonesia paul grigson . ' the netherlands have done the same thing in the past . brazil has done the same thing , ' he said . ' i think this is just a momentary reaction , and this will be settled within the diplomatic sphere . ' indonesia 's vice president jusuf kalla said withdrawing an ambassador was a normal diplomatic protest . ' within a month or two , they will come back . that 's the signal of protest , we did that too , ' he said , referring to the time indonesia withdrew its ambassador to australia in 2013 over a phone tapping scandal . prime minister tony abbott said australia will withdraw its ambassador to indonesia in an unprecedented diplomatic response to the executions of myuran sukumaran and andrew chan . rest in peace : myuran sukumaran ( foreground ) and andrew chan ( back ) were executed . prasetyo said the executions would serve as a warning to others . ' this is a warning for others , do n't even try to commit these drug crimes , to think a thousand times , that indonesia will be strict , will be harsh on drug crimes , ' he told reporters in cilacap . ' the result of the second execution was better , more orderly and more perfect than the last , ' he said , referring to executions carried out in january and noting the bodies were treated more ' humanely ' this time . indonesia 's president joko widodo raised his nation 's sovereignty when asked about australia withdrawing its ambassador . ' our sovereignty must be respected , ' he told reporters . ' we 're ready to respect the sovereignty of other countries as well . ' australia 's ambassador to indonesia paul grigson will return to australia at the end of this week . foreign minister julie bishop ( left ) said australian consular officials in indonesia will arrange for the men 's bodies to be repatriated to australia , ensuring that they are treated with ' appropriate dignity and respect ' . joko widodo , the president of indonesia , is widely regarded as weak . he has ignored international pressure to cease executions of foreign drug convicts .  