suddenly , at the age of 34 and after 15 years of hoping for the exact opposite , i desperately wanted to get pregnant . my husband russell was ready to be a father , we were financially secure and after editing a weekly magazine in new york for four stressful years , i was ready to resign and focus on building a family . eleven months later , when my body was still not doing what i demanded , i got depressed , stressed and scared . proud mum sarah ivens with her two children , william ( left ) and one-year-old matilda ( centre ) . ' have i left it too late to have a baby ? ’ i’d wail impatiently to russell as month after month i’d clutch at my abdomen in pain as my period started , filled with a burgeoning dread that my body was failing us . ‘ i always put my career first , and travelling and having our dream wedding . now i’m worried i’m too old . ’ i was paranoid that my life decisions had left my baby dreams impossible to reach . during my pre-broody years i’d been bombarded with images of 40-something celebrities , gloating about how easy it had been for them to conceive naturally and quickly . of course , horror stories in the tabloids tried to persuade me that i had about as much chance of procreating successfully after the age of 30 as i did of making it to the x factor finals , but i had decided to follow the stars and wear blinkers . the truth , i was quickly discovering , lay somewhere in the middle of the heartbreak , guilt and misinformation women find themselves drowning in as they consider motherhood . happy family : after years of heartbreak , sarah and russell have two children william , ( centre ) and matilda . pregnancy expert zita west said : ‘ i think in a way modern life has done women a disservice . ‘we’re told we can have it all , so women go on the pill while they are building their careers for many , many years , which masks any issues they may have such as polycystic ovary syndrome or endometriosis . ' then when they decide to have a baby in their 30s , they are shocked if it doesn’t happen as they planned . ' we know that fertility starts to decline at 35 and that age is the biggest factor in a woman’s ability to conceive . sarah and russell celebrate their wedding with a dream day in the cotswolds in 2009 . expectant parents sarah and husband russell prepare for their son william 's imminent arrival in 2011 . ' what women need to do immediately is ask their mothers what age they went through the menopause : this is a key genetic factor in your own fertility , and your cycle starts to decline rapidly 10 years before you hit the menopause . ’ eventually , russ and i conceived - naturally - but at the 13-week scan , the other horrific factor of late motherhood reared its ugly head . our baby had severe chromosomal abnormalities and had zero chance of survival . i was advised by a series of doctors to have a medical abortion , to safeguard my future fertility and mental state . ‘ the sooner we get this unviable pregnancy dealt with , the quicker you can go on to conceive a healthy baby , ’ our specialist advised us . this sounds callous , but even through the fog of utter devastation i knew he was being cruel to be kind : i didn’t have too much time . i was turning 35 in one month . a few days later , as i was wheeled into the operating theatre , tears streamed down my cheeks and neck and onto my pale blue hospital robe . everyone was sad for me , but this was quite a common occurrence for a woman of my dotage . ‘ well , you have left it quite late , haven’t you , ’ a few supposed sympathisers uttered in my direction when i was feeling sorry for myself . what had i expected ? preparing to be a new mum , sarah poses at nine months pregnant with her son william , born in 2011 . friends were as divided as the media when it came to declaring their true fertility stories . while one friend admits to leaving it too late and worrying herself to sleep each night over the mounting ivf treatment bills ( her husband has insisted , scared of debt , she stop with the baby dream when they hit the £50,000 mark ) ; another friend is determined to put off pregnancy until she has passed some professional exams . ‘i’ll only be 37 when i’m done – and if i have to re-sit , i can delay pregnancy another year easily , ’ she tells me , perhaps naively . another friend got joyously pregnant with her first child on the eve of her 40th birthday . sarah celebrates the joy of having her son , william in 2011 , after the grief of having to end her first pregnancy . her husband – who was depressed at being made redundant – threatened to kill himself if she kept the baby . so she had an abortion , while he suddenly seemed to get better – better enough to leave her for a 20-something woman he met in his new job a few months later . ‘i’ll regret that choice for the rest of my life , ’ she recently declared . ‘ it wasn’t until my womb was empty and he’d gone that i realised i wanted a baby more than i wanted him . ’ other friends in their mid-to-late 30s are choosing to stick their heads in the sand . ‘ if i get to 40 and i’m still single , i’ll get just find a sperm donor , ’ is the flippant battle cry of many women i know . some friends get pregnant as soon as they decide to start trying , of course , and those ones frustrate me the most . there is nothing noble in my frustration ; i am despicably jealous – especially when these women don’t appreciate how lucky they are . so what can women who know they want to have children in the future do to safeguard their future fertility ? ‘ the medical profession is considering lifestyle more , ’ says west . ‘ women and men need to look at their eating habits and whether they are under or overweight . ' a body mass index of between 19 and 26 is ideal for protecting fertility health . take multivitamins . ' avoid fizzy drinks and processed foods ; drink alcohol and caffeine in moderation and stop smoking and using drugs . ' all these things cause free radical damage , which harms your long-term chances of conceiving . ' there are no magic answers here ; future parents just need to follow a healthy lifestyle . ’ west also thinks women should address any psychological issues they have before trying to become a parent . sarah 's much longed-for son william , tenderly kisses his newborn baby sister matilda . ‘ modern women are all about not getting pregnant , then suddenly a switch flips in their head at a certain age and they think they should be able to conceive immediately . yet blockages exist and they need to ask themselves questions to stop their sub-conscious sending negative messages . ' how do you visualise your body ? how do you connect with your womb ? ' asks west . ' i believe acupuncture , hypnotherapy and counselling can help a woman prepare her body for the journey towards motherhood . ’ now i am part of the envy-inducing club : i have two healthy children , a boy and a girl , although i did lose another pregnancy at 12 weeks in between their joyous arrivals . and that wonderful feeling is not something i’d want any woman who desires it to miss out on because she has been lulled into a false sense of security or stress due to the misinformation surrounding the issue of fertility today . ‘ one day’ is a long way away . take control of your options today .