when dulwich picture gallery began discussing the idea of introducing a fake painting to their collection , no-one could have imagined it would have led to the quadrupling of visitor numbers . but that is exactly what happened when jean-honoré fragonard’s 18th-century work young woman was replaced by a hand-painted replica , produced in china and ordered over the internet for £70 . it has hung in among 270 old master paintings since february 10 after a challenge was laid down to the public to ' spot the fake ' . now , three months on , the gallery has revealed that only 10 per cent of the 3,000 people who visited during the experiment guessed correctly . scroll down for video . can you spot the difference ? a member of the public compares the original painting by jean-honore fragonard ( left ) and the replica ordered on the internet from china ( right ) at the dulwich picture gallery . but the gallery 's chief curator , xavier bray , said that he was impressed a number of people had managed to spot the imposter hidden among the rembrandts , rubens and murillos . he told mailonline : ' it was a fascinating experiment which gave us a chance to test art connoisseurs and we saw visitor numbers quadruple because of it . ' it made people look closely at a painting and discern what might be a replica and why . ten per cent got it right , which means britain as a nation is still a nation of connoisseurs , which is great . ' unfortunately others got it wrong . a number of visitors presumed the imposter was a female portrait by rubens , which had been restored 10 years ago , because it appeared brighter . but that was interesting as it allowed us to find out more about the way the public look at our paintings . ' the idea for the exhibition , titled made in china , came from american artist doug fishbone . its aim was to make people think about the way they look at , appreciate and value artistic masterpieces . mr bray said dulwich was keen to challenge the public to ' spot the fake ' as a way of engaging with visitors and making the picture gallery more interactive . visitors were challenged to spot the replica among 270 old master paintings . only 10 per cent of them guessed right . the original and fake are now hanging together , making the difference more obvious . ' fascinating experiment ' : the gallery 's chief curator , xavier bray ( pictured ) , said visitor numbers quadrupled after the ' spot the fake ' challenge was laid down to the public at the beginning of february . the power of the museum : mr bray said the gallery was not planning any similar experiments . instead , his attention has turned to whether the fake will now become a work of art in its own right . ' it was a risk , no doubt about it , ' he said . ' you would n't expect the national gallery or the tate to display a replica on their walls but because we 're an independent charity and do n't rely on public money it means we 're relatively free to do what we want . ' but that does n't mean there could n't have been repercussions . we are a temple of art and as soon as people cross that threshold they expect everything you are told on a label to be correct . ' our aim was to get people to engage and learn - that is what was really exciting . can they spot a replica by comparing it with the magical , beautiful originals we have ? ' the way to distinguish the real from the fake , mr bray said , was to look at the lack of warmth in the background canvas of the imposter and the modern pigment of acrylic paints . ' if you look closely , the brushwork on the fake is trying to be expressive but it comes across as dead because it 's an attempt to replicate something else . there 's no magic to it like there is with the real one . ' the original painting was put back in its frame yesterday and hung beside the replica , allowing people to compare the differences between the two . mr bray said the gallery was not planning any similar experiments . instead , his attention has turned to whether the fake will now become a work of art in its own right . ' it will be very interesting to see what happens when the counterfeit leaves the gallery , ' he said . ' will it achieve significance and become a work of art ? ' this is where the power of it being displayed in a temple of a museum could give it extra significance in the art world - that is also part of the experiment . ' original : jean-honoré fragonard’s young woman . jean-honoré fragonard’s 18th-century work young woman is one of his famous fantasy figures , a series of quickly executed studies intended to showcase the artist’s virtuoso handling of oil paint . it was painted in 1769 . the unidentified woman is portrayed in spanish dress , with a lace collar and slashed sleeves suggesting the dramatic costume of the stage . it was spanish painter diego velázquez ( 1599-1660 ) who inspired the depiction of spanish dress in 18th-century french art . once thought to be by french artist jean-alexis grimou ( 1678-1733 ) on the strength of his signature , closer examination revealed that this was false . fragonard 's genuine signature , ‘frago’ , is discernible above , although partially obscured by overpainting . it is believed fragonard was paying a playful homage to grimou , a fellow artist who was well known in france at the time , particularly as a copyist . it is thought fragonard 's intent was not to deceive , but rather to excite connoisseurs with amusing visual ambiguity .