a man who was unemployed and getting centrelink payments was able to splash out more than $ 2 million on luxury cars , a boat and celebrity memorabilia due to a banking loophole . luke brett moore was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception in goulburn district court . opening a freedom saving account with st george bank in 2010 , moore was able to overdraw $ 2.189 million over three years , the courier mail reported . nsw police found luke brett moore 's haul after raiding his house back in december 2012 . the 27-year-old goulburn man was able to overdraw $ 2.189 million over three years from his st george bank . luke brett moore , 27 , managed to live a life of excess despite being on social security because of a bank fault . he dipped into the account 48 times and spent the money on a number of expensive items . moore 's luxury haul included a maserati , an alfa romeo , a power boat , a michael jackson autograph , a signed photograph of the top gear hosts and numerous paintings . to avoid being caught , the 27-year-old moved the funds to paypal and national australia bank accounts . while moore was spending up big , he was also receiving centrelink payments between march and july in 2010 , according to fairfax media . police seized a red alfa romeo . moore was receiving centrelink payments while he was overdrawing his account . to conceal his exploits , moore moved the money into his paypal account as well as into his national australia bank account . a framed michael jackson autograph with the late singer 's photo and music cd was found in moore 's west goulburn home . this is signed photograph of top gear hosts jeremy clarkson , james may and richard hammond . it has been more than two years since new south wales police raided his west goulburn home on december 12 , 2012 . there officers seized hundreds-of-thousands of dollars that the prosecutors said were funded by his exploits . moore was soon charged but it took more than 26 months for him to be finally found guilty of the two offences . when the jury delivered their verdict , a family member who had come to support the 27-year-old broke down and had to be escorted from the court room . sports memorabilia , including this chicago bulls jersey signed by former basketballer michael jordan , was also found in moore 's home . a power boat was also found among his luxury haul . moore will be sentenced on friday in a sydney court . moore was taken into custody on february 19 this year after he had been allowed out on bail . he was found guilty of knowingly dealing with proceeds of crime and dishonestly obtaining financial advantage by deception . moore was taken into custody after he had been allowed out on bail . he is set to be sentenced in sydney 's downing centre district court on friday . daily mail australia has contacted st george bank for a comment on the matter . a bank spokeswoman told news corp that incidents like moore 's were rare and happened due to a ' human error ' . she said the bank was taking steps to recover the money . while moore was spending up big , he was also receiving centrelink payments between march and july in 2010 . officers seized hundreds-of-thousands of dollars that the prosecutors said were funded by his exploits . moore was soon charged after the 2012 raid , but it took more than 26 months for him to be finally found guilty of the two offences . when the jury delivered moore 's verdict , a family member who had come to support the 27-year-old broke down and had to be escorted from the court room .