preservationists are battling to save a decaying asylum which achieved notoriety in the 1900s for the vast number of patients who committed suicide and were raped . greystone park psychiatric center , in new jersey , was built to house hundreds of mentally ill patients , but it eventually was home to more than 7,500 people . it has long been abandoned and has been left to fall into disarray , now known for its crumbling walls , flaking plaster and gaping holes in ceilings and staircases which has allowed some of the rooms to be filled with leaves and snow . scroll down for video . a decaying asylum which has been left to fall into disarray , with broken and peeling doors and windows , is being demolished as preservationists battle to save it and claim the building should be turned into a museum and housing . many of the once well populated corridors of the building have been abandoned as rubbish is seen on the floor and walls are flaking . however , despite the state of the interior of the building and its chequered past , preservationists are arguing that it should not be bulldozed and should instead be converted into a museum and housing . demolition work recently began on the building but preservationists are still working to save the french renaissance-style building , and the years of history contained within its walls . american folk singer woody guthrie , who wrote hundreds of songs and made famous recordings of red river valley and this land is your land , was committed in 1956 with huntington 's disease . the genetic disorder had blighted the life of his mother and made it difficult for him to walk , causing wild fluctuations in mood . even as guthrie was in his final years before he died in 1967 , folk revivalists were basing a new scene on guthrie 's genius in new york 's greenwich village . one of his visitors in greystone park was a 19-year-old bob dylan . greystone park became one of the largest asylums , housing 7,500 patients , and became known for high numbers of rapes and suicides . despite its long forgotten rooms and flaking examples of architecture , the future of greystone park has been hotly contested . due to its extremely large size , greystone park was once the largest building in the us , but was surpassed by the pentagon . the interior of the building has been left to decay so badly , with windows and roofing blown out , it would be too expensive to restore it . but campaigners claim the french renaissance-style building contains a lot of elements of history that should be preserved not destroyed . the centre was also once used as a filming location . greystone opened in 1876 and became known for its reputation due to the number of patients that committed suicide , were raped , and became pregnant . it was opened to relieve pressure on a nearby facility and covers around 678,000 square feet . the main building was widely said to be the largest by footprint in the u.s. until 1943 , when it was surpassed by the pentagon - which has 6.5million square feet altogether . the population of the hospital reached its peak in 1953 , when millions of shell-shocked soldiers returned from the second world war suffering from what is now widely known as post-traumatic stress disorder . corridors have been left to crumble while some doors have been lost completely , as empty chairs are scattered throughout the rooms ( right ) . a chair ( left ) shows visible signs of rust and decay , while the inside of the building has become known for its holes in the ceilings ( right ) . the building opened in 1876 and expanded to treat more than 7,000 patients in the 120 years it was open for before closing in 2003 . by then it held 7,674 patients and was a self-sufficient campus , with facilities including a laundry , chapel , dental clinic , infirmary , classrooms , therapy buildings , dormitories and even a power station . the buildings began to decay , with plaster and paint peeling from the walls and bookshelves and door frames left warped . patients were moved out in 1988 and the asylum closed for good in 2003 when administration staff also left . it was later photographed by matthew christopher , who captures abandoned buildings across america . the state of new jersey awarded a $ 34 million demolition contract to tear down the 675,000-square-foot building , while other , privately-funded options were available , it was reported . the asylum once had famous visitors , with a young bob dylan regularly coming to visit resident patient american folk singer woody guthrie . it was originally built to house around 800 patients but later became home to more than 7,600 patients , reaching its peak in 1953 . the asylum closed for good in 2003 and has long been left abandoned , but campaigners want to reclaim it and use it as a museum . it was decided that the building should be demolished after the interior was deemed to have decayed so much that restoration would be too expensive . mr christopher said : ' while many people see state hospitals as a sort of `` house of horrors '' they are an important part of our past - architecturally , socially , and economically . ' they were built at tremendous cost to the states they were in with quite a bit of optimism and hope about the treatment of those suffering from mental illnesses . ' as these buildings vanish - and so many are gone as it is - so too does our ability to connect with our past , to understand and discuss the realities of treatment there , and to return them to positive use . ' i think they 're beautiful buildings and tremendous assets , and that it is shameful and wasteful to destroy them and pretend they were never there . ' greystone could have been saved , and it still can . ' preservationists have criticised officials for failing to consult with developers who were keen to restore and reuse the iconic building . 