john carver admits newcastle united need to look at the ' dna ' of their dressing-room this summer . the magpies were beaten for the fifth successive time in tyne-wear derbies during sunday 's 1-0 defeat at sunderland . head coach carver says the club 's hierarchy have already spoken about addressing their shortcomings during the close-season , and concedes that character is one issue they have to consider . newcaslte boss john carver admits the club need to look at the ' dna ' of their dressing-room this summer . newcastle players train at the club 's training complex on thursday ahead of monday 's clash with liverpool . newcastle trio moussa sissoko , vurnon anita and massaido haidara take a breather during training . ryan taylor attemps to bend the ball around some dummies and hit the target during thursday 's session . ' there is something in the dna , ' said carver . ' we 've had different managers but the same group of players ( keep getting beat ) . there are n't many ws ( wins ) next to their names . ' it 's something we need to look at . we struggle when we have to compete . we have talked about addressing that in the summer . ' we are going to invest in the summer so there will be new players around to take us forward . ' newcastle failed to show at the stadium of light and carver later admitted he was ' embarrassed ' by the performance . jermain defoe ( centre ) connects beautifully with a left-footed volley to score the winner for sunderland . newcastle players look dejected following sunday 's 1-0 defeat to rivals sunderland at the stadium of light . and he added : ' a lot of people in the dressing-room know they did n't perform and did n't do themselves justice . ' i brought them in on monday when they were meant to be off , i was n't accepting that . ' monday was one of my darkest days . it just was not good enough . ' you can do all your preparation you want but it does n't matter if you do n't perform on a saturday . i do n't want training-ground players . ' carver admits he was embarrassed by the performance against sunderland as newcastle failed to show . united are nine points clear of the relegation zone and travel to liverpool on monday . carver , though , is taking nothing for granted with regards survival . ' there is only nine points in it , ' he said . ' that could be six points if we get nothing at liverpool . we need points . i 'm not interested in how we play , we just need points . ' we have a seven-game season now . these next seven games could define the players . there are a few in there who are out of contract . ' 