whether you sprout the odd grey hair , spend hours eradicating them or let your silver locks flow free , the latest hair trend is good news for women everywhere . grey hair is on trend with silver hair lovers the world over posting images on social media under the hashtag # grannyhair . instagram is awash with the grey haired images - from beauty shots featuring professional models to selfies uploaded by proud grey haired instagrammers . scroll down for video . katja wassermeyer ( katja-wassermeyer-photographer.com ) is one of the many photographers who has embraced the trend , with eye-catching beauty image of a model with tumbling grey locks . this selfie posted by jennica gomez of big lips , white nails and grey hair creates a cool statement . batalashbeauty.com posted this image on their twitter feed showing the a model sporting grey locks . when content sharing website bored panda asked users to post their grey haired images online , the response was overwhelming and the page has been viewed half a million times and counting . for the younger granny trend followers , going grey takes serious effort in the beauty department , but for others it means emancipation from timely and costly hair dying regimes . either way , the look has an air of defiant feminism . men have always enjoyed grey emancipation - the salt and pepper look is often deemed distinguished - whereas women 's grey hair is rarely viewed in a flattering light . but whether it 's a feminist statement or a quirky fashion fad , the look has feel good factor . one user , known as angexla , uploaded this picture of grey hair and dark routes . this image posted by suzy q kelly showcases the grey hair trend with dramatic makeup and white highlights . one instagrammer @ deanamelbourne posted this shot of thick grey locks online and received lots of ' likes ' from followers . right : ziba simone posted this image of her cool grey hair and cute grey cat online ; left : jenny ramos diaz is proud of her grey hair and posted this 360 degree shot of her silver locks . the trend can be tracked back to jean paul gaultier 's catwalk show at paris fashion week featuring silver haired models earlier this month . the statement to embrace older models and leave their natural hair untouched was applauded by fashion fans . and it 's not the first time the designer has experimented with the grey-haired look . at his autumn/winter 2011 show the models sported eye-catching grey beehives . rihanna ( left ) went grey last year and posted this image of her silver locks on instagram and lady gaga ( right ) has also experimented with the trend . kelly osborne ( left ) and nicole richie ( right ) have both rocked the grey hair look . dame judi dench ( left ) and jamie lee curtis ( right ) also let their natural tones shine through . kelly osborne was also an early fan of the grey hair style and stepped out with a shock of white hair back in 2012 . since then lady gaga and nicole richie have dared to go grey as has rihanna , who posted a silver-haired image of herself on instagram . and dame judi dench and jamie lee curtis both let their natural tones shine through . sibi bolan , creative colour director at top hairdressers hershesons advises thinking carefully before you try the trend at home . ‘ find out what your options are and remember using your skin tone to find the right colour is key . going grey on the jean paul gaultier catwalk in paris on march 1 . angela le posted this image on bored panda which shows dark hair dyed a stunning shade of silver . ' for the grey hair trend , option one is to slowly reduce the amount of colour and gracefully allow the grey to appear ( if you are going grey naturally ) and option two is to add lighter ash highlights to enhance and complement the grey tones . ' a great haircut is key to going grey so you do n't end up looking like you have given up on yourself ! ' sibi also advises using a silver shampoo . ' it helps brighten the hair and remove yellow unflattering tones that grey hair has a tendency to do . ' often grey hair is more dry therefore absorbs things like pollution cigarette smoke dulling down the silver fox making it look like tarnished brass . ' grey hair with a violet hue looks stylish in this image posted by nicoline patricia malina . this selfie of stacy smith shows grey hair can look elegant in it 's natural form . skaiste tylaite celebrated the grey hair trend by posting this image online of grey hair with purple tips .