holmesburg prison 's 101-year history was filled with violent riots , bloody beatings and most shocking of all - the cruel chemical experimentation on its inmates . since its construction in 1895 , its high walls housed some of the country 's most dangerous criminals whose uprisings ended in death and mass-injury . and haunting images published in 2011 proved that government doctors used the jail in philadelphia , pennsylvania to test chemical substances on inmates and disabled american citizens . nearly two decades after its closure in 1995 , all that remains of one of the most notorious and violent prisons in american history is cracked paint , crumbling hallways and empty cells which once housed its human guinea pigs . decay : the 1,200 inmates once housed inside holmesburg prison - where some rooms were padded with filthy mattresses ( pictured ) - were subjected to cruel clinical experimentation . filthy : since its construction in 1895 , some of the country 's most dangerous criminals walked the halls of holmesburg prison ( pictured ) . cruel : images which emerged in 2011 ( pictured ) showed the aftermath of experiments carried out on the prisons inmates and proved the brutal tests were taking place . ghostly : these now-empty cells inside the abandoned philadelphia jail were once occupied by desperate inmates who underwent the cruel procedures for ' money to buy cigarettes ' . command : the guards ran the cruel institution from the ' control room ' where they would monitor and coordinate their response to riots . silence : since its closure in 1996 , one of the few things that remain in tact in holmesburg prison are the old books read by prisoners who were once used as human guinea pigs . ' accidental death ' : many people were killed inside holmesburg and in one incident in 1952 , an inmate found dead in a bathtub with an autopsy concluding that he was beaten to death . abandoned : nearly two decades after its closure in 1996 , the prison 's halls have fallen eerily silent as the terrifying building slowly wastes away . urban photographer cindy vasko captured the eerie silence and gradual decay of the once-overcrowded prison , which has become infamous for the medical testing that took place on its inmates . prisoners in the jail were paid to test a variety of dangerous substances such as radioactive , hallucinogenic and toxic materials according to an author who saw the intense cruelty with his own eyes . they were deliberately ' exposed to pathogens that caused skin infections ' such as herpes and the fungus which causes athlete 's foot , allen hornblum claimed in his book acres of skin . he claims that between 1951 and 1974 , these inmates acted as lab rats for over 30 pharmaceutical companies and government agencies . historic images now show the ' patients ' covered in bandages which for their many wounds and scars . one former prisoner who featured in a book about the cruelty which took place there says he agreed to have a layer of skin peeled of his back - only to be coated with searing chemicals . during the experiment which he took part in for money to buy cigarettes in prison , he remembers screaming : ' oh my god , my back is on fire ! take this ... off me ! ' the man coordinating these atrocious exams was renowned dermatologist dr albert kligman who wrote hundreds of scientific papers on what are now considered everyday maladies such as dandruff and acne . but kligman 's distinguished career was tarnished by accusations of human cruelty inside holmesburg prison that inspired federal restrictions on human testing , according to the new york times . torture : dissidence was dealt with severely and the men who led a hunger strike in 1938 were locked in ' the bake ovens ' ( not pictured ) where four of them ' roasted to death ' . revolt : when a warden and his deputy were mercilessly stabbed to death in july 1970 , it sparked a massive uprising that left 103 people include 29 other guards severely injured . experiments : a review of medical journals from the prison revealed that some tests were carried out with the hopes of finding lifesaving treatments . painful : while others seemed only to quench the curiosity of the men leading the experiments - causing great pain to the patients without yielding any results . infected : the cruelty unfolding at holmesburg was not isolated and at stateville prison ( pictured ) , an army doctor watched malaria-carrying mosquitoes bite the stomach of another inmate . tragedy : the inmates - who would eat in this now-filthy cafeteria - were deliberately exposed to pathogens that caused skin infections such as herpes and the fungus which causes athlete 's foot . dangerous : the prison was the site of hundreds of violent attacks , breakouts , corrupt guards and rape of prisoners who stayed in bare cells like this one . regarding his factory line of human guinea pigs , mr hornblum said : ' he had a dozen or two experiments going at one time ... he turned holmesburg into the k-mart of human experimentation . it was a real industry . ' holmesburg has left such a terrifying legacy that it has since been used as the set of violent prison movies such as animal factory in 2000 and law abiding citizen starring gerard butler in 2009 . almost 300 former prisoners filed a lawsuit against the city of philadelphia and albert kligman in 2000 , alleging they were cruelly experimented on between 1961 and 1974 . partly due to the abuses at holmesburg , federal regulations were tightened up to restrict medical studies inside prisons to those posing minimal risks to inmates . kligman became a wealthy man and a famous name in dermatology after being credited as the inventor of retin-a , an acne cream and wrinkle-remover . kligman denied any wrongdoing , according to the baltimore sun who quote him as saying : ' my use of paid prisoners as research subjects in the 1950s and 1960s was in keeping with this nation 's standard protocol for conducting scientific investigations at that time . brutal : one former prisoner who featured in a book ( not pictured ) about the cruelty which took place there says he agreed to have a layer of skin peeled of his back - only to be coated with searing chemicals . systematic : between 1951 and 1974 , inmates housed in these now-empty cells acted as lab rats for over 30 pharmaceutical companies and government agencies . ringleader : the man coordinating these atrocious exams was renowned dermatologist dr albert kligman who would carry out tests on tables like this . accused : dr kligman denied any wrongdoing and claims his use of ' paid prisoners as research subjects ' was in keeping with the nation 's scientific protocol . ' to the best of my knowledge , the result of those experiments advanced our knowledge of the pathogenesis skin disease , and no long-term harm was done to any person who voluntarily participated in the research program . ' the prison was also the site of hundreds of violent attacks , breakouts , corrupt guards and rape of prisoners , according to philly.com . it alleges that 25 leaders of a hunger strike in 1938 were locked up in a section of the prisons known as ' the bake ovens ' . the prison guards turned the heat in the rooms up to 190 degrees fahrenheit and when the doors were opened 58 hours later , four inmates had ' roasted to death ' . in another horrific incident in 1952 , an inmate named thomas donato was found dead in a bathtub . officials claimed he had drowned himself but results of the autopsy concluded he was beaten to death . and when a warden and his deputy were mercilessly stabbed to death in july 1970 , it sparked a massive uprising that left 103 people include 29 other guards severely injured . the prison shifted 235 of its most dangerous inmates to the equally infamous eastern state penitentiary following that incident .