bbc presenter charlie stayt has been blasted after he misspelt the word ' education ' during a live report on the issue . viewers took to twitter to complain after he missed out the letter ' c ' when he scrawled the word on a whiteboard at a primary school in southampton , hampshire . viewer hardy lion tweeted : ' # bbcbreakfast ha ha spelt education wrong ! ! ! back to school ! ' back to school : eagle-eyed viewers spotted charlie stayt 's embarrassing spelling error during a live broadcast . the presenter left out the letter ' c ' when he wrote the word for the third time on the whiteboard this morning . the presenter later described the gaffe as ' one of those things , ' after being alerted to it by colleagues . whilst mike knowles tweeted : ' if you 're presenting a live report about education on # bbcbreakfast maybe double check how you spell education . ' viewer john morley added : ' fantastic , # bbcbreakfast presenter ca n't spell education . ' crafty monkey wrote : ' @ bbcbreakfast c- ! ! could do better ! ' afterwards , bill turnbull told stayt he had started a twitter frenzy and made him spell out the word education live on air . he said : ' there we go , it was a typo , we 'll forgive him . ' presenter sally nugent added : ' i do n't think that spelling mistake was that bad . ' stayt said : ' let 's just call it one of those things . ' but turnbull added : ' you 've only caused a twitter frenzy in two-and-a-half minutes . ' nugent said : ' i do n't think anyone 's noticed . ' stayt was discussing the issue of education at highfield primary school as part of the programme 's uk sofa tour in the run up to the election . blunder : stayt was broadcasting from highfield primary school in southampton , hampshire . afterwards , colleague bill turnbull made red-faced stayt spell the word ' education ' . us politician dan quayle was mocked when he misspelt the word ' potato ' on a school blackboard on june 15 , 1992 when he was visiting a school in trenton as part of his official duties . he took part in a spelling bee when students had to write words on a blackboard . when it was 12-year-old william figueroa 's turn he had to write the word ' potato ' . but quayle pointed out : ' you 're close , but you left a little something off . the e on the end ' . in december last year , police in south yorkshire were left embarrassed after taking delivery of a new patrol car with polce emblazoned on the side . in april 2013 , council workmen somehow managed to spell ' school ' wrong outside innellan primary school , near dunoon in scotland . they painted ' sckool ' on the road instead . bungling workers were slammed in february 2013 in shrewsbury , shropshire , after they put up a sign for a historic welsh bridge - but misspelled it ' whelsh ' . in march 2012 , oxfordshire council workers misspelled ' school ' as ' schoul ' in traffic markings outside wolverton primary school . a sign made by hertfordshire highways in february 2012 instructed motorists to ' keer cleap ' . 