reality tv star and singer lil ' chris who died last month was found hanging at his home by a friend , the inquest into his death has been told . the 24-year-old pop star , whose real name was chris hardman , died on march 23 in his hometown of lowestoft after a long battle with depression . suffolk coroner peter dean today told the inquest that mr hardman 's that friend aj sutton later identified the body . scroll down for video . suffolk coroner peter dean told an inquest into the death of signer chris hardman , aka lil chris ( left and right ) , that a friend found his body hanged at his home in lowestoft on march 23 . he said that paramedics and police were called to his home in union road , lowestoft , that morning and death was confirmed at 11.48am . he added : ' he had been found at his home by a friend . emergency services were called but attempts at resuscitation failed . ' in a previous statement mr hardman 's family said he had been fighting a long battle with depression , and was determined to find a cure . pathologist richard ball confirmed the cause of death as hanging . dr dean said : ' i would like to offer my thoughts and condolences to the family , friends and all those close to him for their loss . ' speaking soon after his death , mr hardman 's family said he was ' a huge personality who will be missed by everyone who knew him ' . in a statement , they added : ' chris had struggled with mental health issues and depression in recent years . ' he was committed to helping others find better ways of overcoming this illness and publicly said he wished to find a cure . ' despite this , his concern was always his family and his friends , whose happiness was his priority . ' mr hardman shot to fame in channel 4 's rock school after kiss frontman gene simmons made him the lead singer of a student band . he was later offered a solo deal and went on to have a top five hit with checkin ' it out in 2006 . a previous statement by mr hardman 's family described him as ' hugely creative ' , adding : ' if he was n't bringing joy through music he was telling jokes or pulling pranks . ' he was the sunshine on a rainy day , and could make friends the minute he walked into a room , making everyone smile with his gorgeous , cheeky face . ' a real people person , he would always take the time to stop and talk , no matter who or when , and we are proud that he was so well thought of by all who knew him . mr hardman ( pictured front ) shot to fame after featuring on kiss frontman gene simmons ' show school of rock , before landing a solo recording deal . following news of mr hardman 's death , simmonds ' posted this message of condolence , while mcbusted singer harry judd described him as a ' little star . ' so many commented on what a lovely , well brought up person he was , so polite and kind and a pleasure to know . ' samaritans deputy chief executive fiona malcolm said : ' if anyone has been affected by this news , or is struggling to cope , we would like to let people know that samaritans is here for them if they need to talk . ' the inquest was opened and then adjourned until july 28 .