adam gadahn , a former little leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for osama bin laden , was born in 1978 in oregon as adam pearlman . he converted to islam at the age of 17 . adam gadahn , a former little leaguer who grew up to become a spokesman for osama bin laden , was born in 1978 in oregon as adam pearlman . gadahn , who had treason charges pending against him , was killed in a drone strike in january , the white house acknowledged on thursday . another january drone strike killed ahmed farouq , the operations leader for al-qaida in pakistan , as well as an american hostage and an italian hostage . gadahn 's father , a musician in california , changed his name from pearlman to gadahn in the 1970s . gadahn , who was raised as a protestant christian , grew up and was home-schooled on a goat farm in riverside county , california . in 1995 , at age 17 , he converted to islam at a mosque in nearby orange county . a few years later , he moved to pakistan , where he joined al-qaida as a propagandist . using the name ' azzam the american , ' he appeared in numerous al-qaida videos , denouncing u.s. moves in afghanistan and elsewhere and threatening attacks on western interests abroad . his work led to gadahn becoming the only american charged with treason since the world war ii era . u.s. authorities filed treason charges against him in 2006 and had offered a $ 1 million reward for information leading to his arrest or conviction . the fbi 's reward for justice program , which lists wanted terrorists , said gadahn was 5 feet 11 inches tall and weighed a little more than 200 pounds . he had brown hair , brown or hazel eyes and had scars on his chest and right forearm . further details about gadahn surfaced in documents leaked by former national security agency analyst edward snowden . he was killed during a drone strikes by us forces in january . he was the first american citizen to be charged with treason since the second world war . u.s. authorities filed treason charges against him in 2006 and had offered a $ 1 million reward for information leading to his arrest or conviction . the documents show that bin laden 's inner circle was frustrated when , in 2010 , attention in the u.s. shifted to the economic downturn without linking al-qaida to the damage . ' all the political talk in america is about the economy , forgetting or ignoring the war and its role in weakening the economy , ' gadahn wrote . the papers also showed that he was a student of u.s. media . gadahn described abc as ' all right , actually it could be one of the best channels as far as we are concerned , ' criticized cnn as being too close to the government and heaped scorn on fox news , which ' falls into the abyss , as you know , and lacks neutrality . '