she captured hearts across the nation as she realized her dream to play for mount st. joseph 's women 's basketball team in ohio and raised $ 1.5million - all while battling inoperable brain cancer . and one of the millions lauren hill touched was lebron james , who posted an emotional farewell letter to the teenager via twitter on friday , just hours after she passed away from her rare tumor . in the letter , the basketball star , dubbed king james , praised the 19-year-old for the ' leadership ' , ' courage ' and ' strength ' she had shown while suffering from diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma ( dipg ) . james , 30 , who had never actually met lauren , wrote : ' dear lauren hill , you are the true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership , etc etc ! your time spent on earth will never be forgotten . scroll down for video . farewell : lebron james ( left ) posted an emotional farewell letter to lauren hill via twitter on friday , just hours after the teenager passed away from terminal brain cancer . right , lauren plays college basketball last year . praise : in the letter , james , 30 , who had never actually met lauren , wrote : ' dear lauren hill , you are the true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership , etc etc ! your time spent on earth will never be forgotten ' . ' you inspired me ' : he continued : ' i [ hate ] that i never got the chance to meet u in person but know you inspired me the whole time ! for every life u touched , u made the biggest impact [ on ] them by just being you ! ! ' i [ hate ] that i never got the chance to meet u in person but know you inspired me the whole time ! for every life u touched , u made the biggest impact [ on ] them by just being you ! ! ' you 're in a far better place now and please do n't have too much fun up there w/o all your family and friends . can u please tell my grandma i said hello . ' do n't be afraid , she knows you cause we spoke about u plenty of times until we officially meet again , take care and continue to be that leader we all love ! ‪ # ‎riplaurenhill . ' the cleveland cavaliers player signed off the letter - which was posted to his twitter page - ' sincerely , lebron james ' . the letter has since been retweeted tens of thousands of times . many users have deemed the tribute ' touching ' and ' beautiful ' . one told james - who competed against the milwaukee bucks on wednesday night - that it ' was so sweet it brought me to tears ' . lauren , who was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer shortly after her 18th birthday , had repeatedly defied doctors ' expectations after they told her that she would not live past december . a touching tribute : james told lauren not to have ' too much fun up there without all your family and friends ' . ' tell my grandma i said hello ' : he added that he had spoken ' plenty of times ' about lauren to his grandmother . # riplaurenhill : the cleveland cavaliers player signed off the letter - which was posted to his twitter page - ' sincerely , lebron james ' ( pictured ) . the letter has since been retweeted tens of thousands of times . instead , the indiana native played four games with her team at mount st. joseph university in cincinnati , and raised more than $ 1.5 million for research into the cancer she suffered from . but as her condition worsened , the teenager became an honorary coach and earlier this year , she moved to cincinnati children 's hospital . she passed away at the hospital on friday morning . as news of her death became public , thousands of people across the country - both basketball fans and not - took to social media to express their sorrow at her death , and show support for her family . only a year and a half ago , lauren , whose cancer saw her rapidly gain weight , had been just another teenager preparing for college after deciding to play basketball for mount st. joseph . but a few weeks later , she started feeling dizzy while playing for her high school team in nearby lawrenceburg , indiana . tests found her tumor and she was told she had less than two years left . diagnosis : lauren is pictured left in december 2013 , and right , in december 2014 , after her treatment for diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma ( dipg ) , a rare childhood brain cancer which changed her appearance . brave : lauren , who used her limited energy to inspire people and raise money for research into the cancer that ultimately took her life , is pictured in her room in cincinnati last december - months before she passed away . in september , doctors gave her the devastating news she would n't make it past december - and after years as a standout player , lauren 's hopes of playing college basketball were put in jeopardy . however , the ncaa granted permission to move the school 's opening game forward because of her worsening condition . on november 2 , lauren realized her dream of playing for the school . incredibly , she scored the first and last baskets of the team 's 66-55 victory over hiram college . diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma ( dipg ) is a type of brain tumor found in the part of the brainstem at the lower back of the brain . due to the tumor 's location , it can cause double vision , difficulty controlling eye movement and facial expressions , and difficulty swallowing and chewing . it may also cause weakness in the limbs . the condition primarily affects children most often between the ages of four and nine . between 100 and 150 new diagnoses are made a year in the u.s. only 300 are made across north america and europe a year . it can be treated with radiation , but chemotherapy is generally not effective and surgery is impossible due to the spread of the cancer into healthy tissue . unlike with other childhood cancers , there has been little progress in improving treatments and cure rates for the condition over the last few decades . fewer than 10 per cent of children with dipg survive two years after their diagnosis . source : dipg registry . ' it 's a dream come true , ' lauren told reporters at the time . ' to play on a college court , to put my foot down on the floor and hear the roar of the crowd - i just love it so much . i love basketball . ' everything that happened today was amazing . i 'm truly happy , it 's a really good day . ' at the game , lauren said she wanted to find a cure for the rare cancer , which has a less than 10 per cent survival rate and most often affects children aged four to nine . ' when i was diagnosed i remember kind of feeling lonely because nobody understood , ' she said following the game , usa today reported . ' and now that more people know about this story and the awareness of dipg . ' i 'm so happy that people know about it now and that we can get some research going and hopefully find that home run cure for cancer . and even though i 'm probably not going to be around to see it , it 's going to help a lot of people . ' lauren played in four games and made five layups before the spreading tumor made her stop . when the season ended , her team held its annual dinner in the hospital where hill was being treated . she was also honored at local sporting events and was featured on a box of wheaties - known as the breakfast of champions . the u.s. basketball writers association voted her the pat summitt most courageous award , which is normally awarded at the final four . athletes from other colleges autographed no . 22 jerseys - her number - and sent them in support . as the cancer slowed her down , lauren 's family , friends and teammates took a bigger role in promoting her fundraising campaign - and she kept reminding everyone to appreciate life . ' life is precious , ' she told wkrc-tv before her death . ' every moment you get with someone is a moment that 's blessed , really blessed . ' final days : lauren is pictured enjoying easter ( left ) and st patrick 's day ( right ) from hospital in cincinnati . fighter : the ncaa moved mount st. joseph 's first basketball game forward last november ( pictured ) so that lauren could achieve her dream of playing for collegiate basketball . she scored the first and last baskets . the co-founder of her nonprofit foundation confirmed lauren 's death in hospital on friday . ' through lauren 's fundraising and advocacy efforts , she not only became a spotlight on the lack of funding for cancer research , but she most certainly has become a beacon guiding researchers for years to come , ' the cure starts now co-founder brooke desserich said . her nonprofit foundation helped to raise more than $ 1.5 million for cancer research . ' she 's made an impact on the world , more so than me - more than i ever will do , ' lauren 's coach dan benjamin said . ' i 've gotten so many emails and phone calls from all over the world . people are contacting me because they want to share her story . ' no information about a memorial has yet been released , but lawrenceburg schools superintendent karl galey said on twitter that schools will be prepared to assist staff and students with counseling . heroic : lauren , pictured left , smiles at pat summitt after receiving the pat summitt award during halftime of her first ncaa college basketball game in november last year . she went on to play four games for the school . dear lauren hill , you are the true definition of strength , courage , power , leadership , etc etc ! your time spent on earth will never be forgotten . i [ hate ] that i never got the chance to meet u in person but know you inspired me the whole time ! for every life u touched , u made the biggest impact [ on ] them by just being you ! ! you 're in a far better place now and please do n't have too much fun up there w/o all your family and friends . can u please tell my grandma i said hello . do n't be afraid , she knows you cause we spoke about u plenty of times . until we officially meet again , take care and continue to be that leader we all love ! ‪ # ‎riplaurenhill . sincerely , lebron james .