politicians who begged scotland to stay in the union should not complain if the snp calls the shots at westminster after the election , nicola sturgeon said last night . polling last night showed that the nationalists are extending their lead – threatening to all but wipe out labour north of the border . but ed miliband yesterday refused four times to rule out going into a power-sharing agreement with the snp if its mps hold the balance of power for the first time . scroll down for video . boy , are we doing well : snp leader nicola sturgeon campaigning in irvine , ayshire yesterday . during a visit to lincoln , the labour leader was asked repeatedly whether he was prepared to dismiss the idea of any pact . while he has rejected a formal coalition he did not address questions as to whether he was prepared to go into downing street propped up by miss sturgeon on a ‘vote-by-vote basis’ . the snp leader used a bbc tv debate on thursday night to offer to ‘ lock david cameron out of downing street’ – even if labour has fewer seats than the tories in a hung parliament . she dominated the so-called ‘challengers’ debate’ , and was deemed the best performer by 35 per cent of viewers to the labour leader’s 29 per cent . yesterday she said : ‘ during the referendum campaign last year , we were told repeatedly by politicians who were trying to persuade scotland to vote no – and they succeeded – that scotland was an integral part of the uk , that our view mattered , ’ miss sturgeon said . sturgeon dominated the so-called ‘challengers’ debate’ on thursday and her party is threatening to all but wipe out labour north of the border . ‘it’s completely unacceptable now for those politicians to say , when scotland is perhaps going to make its view heard by voting snp , to say your voice can’t be heard in the uk . ’ she said her mps – who could number as many as 50 after may 7 – would vote to roll back reform of the nhs in england . traditionally , scottish nationalists have not voted on health and matters that do not affect their constituents , since they are controlled in scotland by the holyrood parliament . ‘ ed miliband knows as well as i know that if there is an anti-tory majority after the election , then the only way david cameron gets back into downing street is if ed miliband is prepared to stand back and let him back in downing street , ’ miss sturgeon told sky news . ‘ if ed does that , then labour voters in scotland will never ever forgive him and i suspect labour voters across the uk will never forgive him . is he really saying that he’d rather watch david cameron back into number 10 than work with the snp to keep him out of number 10 ? that’s for him to answer . ‘i’m fighting for more progressive politics across the uk and i’m fighting to get rid of the tories but crucially to see the tories replaced with something better , something bolder something that’s going to deliver progressive policies for ordinary people not just in scotland but all of the uk . ‘ our mps will vote for a bill to restore england’s nhs to its founding principles , ensuring it remains the accountable public service it was always meant to be – and protecting scotland’s health budget in the process . ’ snp activists insist scotland has long had to put up with tory governments , even though the party currently has only one mp north of the border . david cameron warned last night that voters across the uk would face higher taxes to fund profligate public spending if labour does a deal with the snp . the prime minister said mr miliband must ‘ level with the british people’ and admit that his ‘ only route into number 10’ is with the support of the snp . speaking on a campaign visit to the west midlands , mr cameron said : ‘ the fact is that labour can not win a majority on their own . they can only get into downing street with the support of the snp . ‘ what is it that the snp want ? they want more borrowing , they want more taxes , they want more unlimited borrowing – they want all the things that got us into this mess in the first place . ’ miss sturgeon’s predecessor as scottish first minister , alex salmond , who is bidding to return to the commons , suggested that an snp deal with a minority labour government was ‘probable’ . he told itv news a vote-by-vote arrangement with mr miliband would be much more likely than any other agreement . ‘ what i’ve said and what nicola has said , more importantly , confidence and supply is possible , but vote by vote is probable . ‘ the fact that on a case-by-case basis we’d be able to vote for progressive ideas , progressive politics , i think is a very powerful position . ’ 