scottish nationalists threatened to paralyse the uk government by blocking ‘ any bit of spending’ they do not agree with . the threat came as angela eagle , labour’s shadow leader of the commons , revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung parliament – including the snp – to ‘ try to build a majority’ . but the snp , forecast to hold the balance of power with 50 or more mps , suggested it would hold ed miliband to ransom if he refuses to scrap the trident nuclear defence programme . the scottish nationalists , led by nicola sturgeon , have threatened to paralyse the uk government by blocking ‘ any bit of spending’ they do not agree with . the snp’s deputy leader stewart hosie told the bbc’s daily politics that in the absence of a formal deal with labour , the snp would be ‘ entitled to vote against any bit of legislation’ and ‘ any bit of spending’ it does not agree with . he said that the snp could vote against so-called ‘ parliamentary estimates’ , which authorise government departments’ spending commitments . ‘ if we didn’t agree with a bit of spending then of course we could vote against that . i certainly wouldn’t be happy if trident was renewed , ’ he said . senior conservatives warned that the snp’s threat to veto public spending across entire departments unless it gets its way could even lead to a us-style government shutdown . the threat came as angela eagle , labour’s shadow leader of the commons , revealed it was prepared to speak to any other party in a hung parliament – including the snp – to ‘ try to build a majority’ . as scotland moved to the centre of the election campaign : ■ mr cameron pledged a controversial annual review of the fairness of scottish government policies on the rest of the uk . ■ nick clegg questioned the ‘legitimacy’ of a government led by a party that finishes second . ■ tory hq prepared to deploy boris johnson and sir john major to energise its campaign . ■ george osborne unveiled plans for a £10billion shares bonanza by selling off discounted shares in lloyds bank . ■ ed balls prompted fears of tax increases on businesses and middle earners if labour regains power . ■ labour prepared to step up warnings about tory ‘privatisation’ of the nhs . david cameron warned the idea of scotland’s first minister nicola sturgeon holding sway over a ‘weak’ labour leader in a hung parliament was a ‘ frightening prospect’ . the prime minister insisted the snp ‘wouldn’t care’ about slashing services for voters in england and wales – and insisted the only way to stop the party was to return a conservative government . he issued a plea to ukip and lib dem voters to lend their support to the tories to prevent ‘ ed miliband , propped up by nicola sturgeon , demanding ever more borrowing and more taxes’ . david cameron warned the idea of scotland’s first minister nicola sturgeon holding sway over a ‘weak’ labour leader in a hung parliament was a ‘ frightening prospect’ . ‘ a group of nationalists from one part of our country would be involved in altering the direction of the government of our country and i think that is a frightening prospect , ’ mr cameron said . ‘ for people thinking in their own constituencies “ is that bypass going to be built , will my hospital get the money it needs ? ” – frankly , this is a group of people that wouldn’t care about what happened in the rest of the country . ’ miss sturgeon said yesterday she expected the snp to be in a ‘ very powerful’ position after may 7 . she insisted snp mps would be prepared to vote on english matters , such as the nhs and education – breaking the party’s previous commitment not to vote on issues which are controlled by the scottish parliament . miss sturgeon insisted she would never support the conservatives in government , but indicated that she is ready to put mr miliband in number ten even if labour wins fewer seats at the election . labour has ruled out a formal deal with the snp , but repeatedly refused to rule out a looser arrangement . outlining an ‘ alternative vision’ for britain that could be implemented in co-operation with labour , miss sturgeon will today unveil a manifesto to ‘ end austerity’ with a £180billion debt-fuelled spending spree . on the prospect of negotiating with the snp , angela eagle , labour’s shadow leader of the commons , told the bbc’s sunday politics : ‘we’ll speak to any party that has got representation in the house of commons in order to try and build a majority for a queen’s speech that the country desperately needs for a change of government . ’ a senior labour source sought to downplay miss eagle’s remarks , saying there would be a ‘ clear majority’ for trident renewal in any circumstances because of the support of almost all conservative mps . conservative party chairman grant shapps said : ‘ the snp are threatening to hold britain to ransom to guarantee an ed miliband government gives them what they want – weaker defences , more borrowing , more debt and more taxes . ’