bbc trust chairman rona fairhead is facing calls to step down immediately as a director of hsbc over her links to the bank’s tax scandal . mrs fairhead , 53 , has said she wants to stay for a least another year , but yesterday it emerged that two major investors and a leading shareholder group have voted to get rid of her . she has been under mounting pressure to quit both of her lucrative positions , at the bbc and the scandal-hit bank , after claims that hsbc’s swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman . facing vote : rona fairhead is facing calls to step down immediately as a director of hsnc over her links to the bank 's tax scandal . last month she was criticised by mps as ‘ incredibly naïve or totally incompetent’ for her failure to pick up on the scandal . and last night it emerged that american investors christian brothers investment services and trillium asset management , which manage more than £4.9billion of assets between them , have lodged their votes to get rid of mrs fairhead as a non-executive director on hsbc’s main board . one of the uk’s most powerful shareholder groups has also urged investors to vote against her re-election as an independent director at the bank’s annual general meeting next week . in a note to investors , the pensions & investment research consultants – which advises pension funds and other institutional investors managing £1.5trillion – said : ‘ ms fairhead chaired the hsbc audit committee up until 2010 , a period when the company’s swiss arm was allegedly undertaking tax avoidance and evasion on behalf of clients . scandal : there are claims that hsbc’s swiss operation helped wealthy clients hide billions from the taxman . ‘ given the lack of control and oversight of this practice , it is considered that ms fairhead failed in her responsibility as a guardian of hsbc . ’ but hsbc has told shareholders that mrs fairhead , who has been on the board of the embattled bank since 2004 , has ‘ agreed to stay on the board for a further one-year period’ – the maximum she can be voted in for . non-executive directors at publicly listed companies must be elected on an annual basis , regardless of how long they intend to stay . a source said that both she and the bank would ‘assess’ whether she should stand for re-election in 2016 ‘ closer to the time’ . public accounts committee chairman , margaret hodge , told mrs fairhead she should resign or be sacked by the government as bbc trust chairman . hsbc declined to comment . last year mrs fairhead received more than £513,000 in fees and benefits for her work at the troubled bank , including a £334,000 fee as non-executive chairman of hsbc north america holdings . pirc said the huge pay package ‘ could be considered to compromise her ability to scrutinise the bank’s activities independently’ . mrs fairhead also earns £110,000-a-year for her three-day-a-week job as chairman of the bbc trust , and a further £130,000 as a non-executive director of the fizzy drinks giant pepsi . many mps expected her to resign from hsbc , especially after her bruising encounter with the commons public accounts committee . its chairman , margaret hodge , told her she should resign or be sacked by the government as chairman of the bbc trust , because she had done her job at hsbc so poorly . ‘ either you knew [ about the tax evasion ] or you didn’t know – and i think in that case that you are either incredibly naive or totally incompetent , ’ she said . mrs fairhead told mps that she had not been aware of any wrongdoing . she said she had relied on various committees and structures to flag up problems , and was ‘horrified’ when they later discovered what was happening . 