hillary clinton looks set to come under renewed pressure to explain herself after a letter revealed she had been asked about her use of private email by a house committee two years ago - but refused to answer . representative darrell issa asked then secretary of state clinton whether she , or any of her senior staff , had used a personal email account ' to conduct official business ' in december 2012 . but issa , who wrote as chairman of the house committee on oversight and government reform , was ignored until more than a month after clinton had stepped down in february 2013 . and even then , the reply did not answer the question - instead going into detail over the state department 's email policy . silence : representative darrell issa ( left ) asked the state department about the use of personal email for official business in december 2012 , but did n't receive any answer until clinton ( right ) had left the department . the leaked letter , obtained by the new york times , casts a further shadow over clinton just days into her bid to become the democrat 's 2016 presidential candidate . the former first lady found herself at the centre of a storm in recent months after it was revealed she used her personal address during her time as secretary of state . even her twitter profile picture was dragged into the row : it showed her on her blackberry apparently sending emails while en route to libya in september 2011 . but there is no record of any emails on her official account that day - and she has since removed the picture from her account . clinton has confirmed that she exclusively used her private account , calling it a matter of ' convenience ' , admitting to deleting thousands of emails . clinton , however , has insisted every relevant email was now in the hands of the state department . but critics say by using her personal email account , she has avoided scrutiny . the presidential hopeful handed over 55,000 emails sent from her personal email account between 2009 and 2013 - her time as secretary of state - but it is not yet known what they contained . however , it has already been claimed that the documents have ' huge gaps ' . shadow : clinton is likely to want to play down this latest revelation as she begins campaigning in iowa . campaigning : clinton is hoping to win over voters with a more personal approach than in 2007 . clinton is likely to want to play down these latest revelations , as she begins a campaign for nomination which is set to last until the end of june next year . a clinton aide told the new york times on tuesday ' her usage was widely known to the over 100 department and u.s. government colleagues she emailed , as her address was visible on every email she sent ' . clinton is currently on a two day tour of iowa , opening her 2016 campaign with visits to a family-owned produce company and speaking with small-business leaders outside des moines . the decision to focus on smaller , more personal interactions during the campaign is in stark contrast to 2007 , when she spoke to huge crowds . the grandmother-of-one will spend a second day in iowa campaigning today . 