these amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves underneath a glacier . the rainbow caves are given their various colours by light refracting through the ice - with the thicker the ice , the more emerald they appear . and a photographer , from kamchatka , in the russian far east , also decided to add his own take - by lighting flares and breathing fire to turn the normally blue hues into dark reds . scroll down for video . the caves are found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles ( 72km ) south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky . the caves , found near the mutnovsky volcano , 45 miles ( 72km ) south of the regional capital of petropavlovsk-kamchatsky , were captured by local guide and photographer denis budkov . mr budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes . the amazing images reveal a kaleidoscope of colours in icy caves - lit up by flares and fire-breathing ( denis budkov pictured ) . ' it was pretty cold and wet inside and the water was flowing down from the roof and walls , ' he said . ‘ it was zero degrees inside , too , and the lens was getting damp - making it hard to shoot . ‘ but when i got deeper inside the caves , i was amazed by the colours i saw . i have n't seen anything like this before . ‘ the emerald colours of the ice were spectacular , and worth the risk of the roof caving in to capture the pictures . ’ on the left is the location of the caves , and on the right is a picture of photographer denis budkov . mr budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves - which could collapse at any moment - to capture the colourful scenes . the extensive caves , some parts of which have water in them , were first discovered by mr budkov by chance . the ice cave 's unique formations are created by the heavy winter snow becoming compressed and forming ice . then as the short , summer months arrive , intensive melting of the ice creates ravines which flow and hollow out the caves and tunnels . the incredible lights shining purple , blue , green and yellow are no computer trickery - they are the result of sunlight streaming through the glacial ice into the hidden world below . the cave was carved out of the glacier by an underground river that is sourced in a hot spring gushing from the mutnovsky volcano itself . the ice cave 's unique formations are created by the heavy winter snow becoming compressed and forming ice . as the short , summer months arrive , intensive melting of the ice creates ravines which flow and hollow out the caves and tunnels . the incredible lights are the result of sunlight streaming through the glacial ice into the hidden world below . the cave was carved out of the glacier by an underground river that is sourced in a hot spring gushing from the mutnovsky volcano itself . mr budkov is pictured here setting off a flare to create light in the cave . denis added : ‘ i spent a couple of days near the caves , but only ventured in towards the end of our trip . ‘ i was actually afraid the roof would collapse , and as it was a hill on the side of an active volcano , the area in general is quite volatile . ‘ but i was simply too curious to loose the opportunity to photograph the colourful caves . ’ ' it was pretty cold and wet inside and the water was flowing down from the roof and walls , ' said mr budkov . ' it was pretty cold and wet inside and the water was flowing down from the roof and walls ' . it was zero degrees inside , too , and the lens was getting damp - making it hard to shoot . but when i got deeper inside the caves , i was amazed by the colours i saw . i have n't seen anything like this before ' . 