manchester city manager manuel pellegrini has admitted his club will have to buy young talent because the academy 's youngsters are not ready for first-team action . liverpool star raheem sterling has already had his name linked with the defending premier league champions after his contract stalemate at anfield . part of the pressure on city to land fresh young talent comes from fa chairman greg dyke 's proposal to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in premier league squads . manuel pellegrini does n't believe his current crop of academy players are up to joining yaya toure and co . manchester city keeper joe hart makes a save during training on wednesday . wilfried bony is more likely to be joined by a young star such as raheem sterling than an academy player . and , with the blues having failed to produce any regular homegrown first team squad members since micah richards and dedryck boyata , pellegrini admits the short-term answer to the need for the new talent does not lie within the squad . pellegrini said : ' i think about the academy , we must be patient . this club build all these things because young players are important . ' maybe it 's not so easy for young players , especially at big clubs , to play in the first team , with the professional squad . ' i 'm sure in the future we will have very important players coming from the academy , they will be part of the squad . ' but it 's important to be patient , important to have years of working the same way . but you never know . maybe some talented young players can do it before . ' pellegrini says he is sure the academy will produce players worthy of his side but urges patience for now . sterling ( here with brendan rodgers ) would fit the bill for city if his impasse with liverpool is n't resolved . sterling would obviously fit the bill and qualify as one of dyke 's homegrown quota if his impasse at liverpool proves unsolvable . pellegrini refused to comment directly about the liverpool and england forward . but he said : ' i think it 's important for big clubs to bring in the best players , that 's the most important thing . ' if they 're all good players , of course i agree with the quota . all the big leagues - especially the premier league - need the best players to play . ' city 's need to add ' homegrown ' or ' english ' players to their squad has seen them linked with a host of top stars , including arsenal 's jack wilshere and ross barkley of everton . arsenal 's jack wilshere , who 's coming back from injury through the reserves , has attracted city 's interest . everton and england midfielder ross barkley is another ' homegrown ' player to have caught their eye . the city manager is not in action until monday when he takes his team to crystal palace and with chelsea in an apparently commanding lead at the top , pellegrini admits his side faces eight cup finals . he said : ' i hope we can do it . we have to play eight finals from now until the end . we will see the way we play . i hope the way we finish against west brom is the way we must continue . ' it is not easy to make a clear analysis because they play with one player less . i hope in these eight games we continue playing that way . ' 