a north korean propaganda unit said the u.s. ambassador to south korea could face a ' bigger mishap ' than the knife attack to his face last month if he does not stop insulting north korea with ' laughable ' accusations . u.s. envoy mark lippert said in a speech on wednesday that if north korea improves its human rights record and takes steps to end its nuclear program , it will be rewarded with prosperity and better ties with the outside world , including the united states . the north 's committee for the peaceful reunification of korea said lippert 's remarks were proof that washington was intent on hostility . scroll down for video . us ambassador to south korea mark lippert ( center ) looks on as us defence secretary ashton carter ( r ) shakes hands with 7th air force commander lt. gen. terrence j. o'shaughnessy ( l ) and us army gen. curtis scaparrotti ( 2nd l ) , commander of the united nations command , south korea-u.s . combined forces command and u.s . forces korea last week . ' lippert needs to drop the bad habit of rashly engaging in scheming chatter distorting the truth and instigating war by taking issue with us , ' the committee said in a commentary published on thursday on the uriminzokkiri propaganda web site . ' otherwise , next time , he could face a bigger mishap than getting cut in the cheek by a south korean citizen , ' it said . the north frequently rails at the united states , the south 's biggest ally , accusing it of preparing for imminent invasion . the u.s. embassy in seoul did not have any immediate comment . us ambassador mark lippert , 42 , on his discharge from hospital after being attacked by a knife-wielding activist in march . lippert was slashed in the face with a fruit knife by a south korean man with a history of erratic behaviour at a breakfast forum in central seoul that left a gash that required 80 stitches . he also suffered injuries to his arm . ' it is unbearable insult and mockery against us and a laughable and brazen charge that can not be overlooked , ' the north 's agency said . south korean police charged lippert 's attacker with attempted murder . he was not charged with any north korea-related crime after being questioned over his multiple visits . north and south korea are technically still at war after their 1950-53 conflict ended in a truce , not a peace treaty . mark lippert suffered a deep facial gash and stab wound to his wrist after being attacked by a knife wielding pro-north korean during a breakfast forum in seoul in march . the 42-year-old needed 80 stitches to the deep knife wound to his face after the attack . north korea previously called the attack ' deserved punishment ' but denied any role in it . in march , lipper said that he was pretty darn good ' as he was released from hospital . mark lippert suffered a deep facial gash and stab wound to his wrist after being attacked by a knife-wielding pro-north korean activist during a breakfast forum in seoul last week . speaking as he left seoul 's severance hospital the ambassador said he felt ' pretty darned good , all things considered , ' after the ' scary incident . ' the 42-year-old , whose face was bandaged and had his arm in a brace , needed 80 stitches after being set upon . mr lippert refused to comment about the attack as he left hospital due to the on-going police investigation . the alleged attacker , known as an anti-u.s. activist who was previously convicted of hurling a piece of concrete at the japanese ambassador in seoul in 2010 , was arrested at the scene . police are seeking to bring charges including attempted murder against kim ki-jong , 55 , for the attack at a forum discussing korean reunification . police said the motive for kim 's action was not known , but he shouted after the attack that he opposes the ongoing annual u.s.-south korea military drills that north korea condemns as a preparation for a northward invasion .