in 1982 , hollywood-born chanteuse charlene had a surprise worldwide hit with i 've never been to me . ' i 've moved like harlow in monte carlo , ' she sang , ' and showed 'em what i got… ' ( actually , when the song became a hit she was in straitened financial circumstances and working in a sweetshop in ilford , essex , so instead of moving like harlow she could have been singing about moving to harlow . ) one of the most irritating lyrics in the song - it has many - is when she sings about the ' isle of greece ' , as if she were discussing the isle of man or the isle of wight . do n't take this the wrong way , america , but is there anybody in your country with a geography o-level to their name ? this may come as a surprise to our transatlantic cousins but greece has rather more islands in its portfolio than one - in fact there are more than 6,000 , most of them uninhabited . the number of inhabited islands is counted at anything from 166 to 227 ( depending on the definition of ' inhabited ' i suppose ) . the view of the blue waters of lourdas bay , kefalonia , a stunning greek island untainted by the masses . i often wonder why greece does n't sort out its economic problems by selling off some prime mediterranean real estate - how many uninhabited islands does one country really need ? out of the six biggest greek islands , even americans will recognise two : crete - the biggest - and rhodes ( fourth biggest ) . i 'm guessing two will be unknown to us all : euboea ( second biggest ) and chios ( fifth ) ; and two will sound familiar lesbos ( third ) and kefalonia ( sixth ) . you will probably know kefalonia because this was the setting for louis de bernières 's novel captain corelli 's mandolin and , in direct contravention of usual hollywood policy , was where the movie was actually filmed . kefalonia , it has to be said , has been a little bit reluctant to play the captain corelli card too freely in the cause of attracting tourists . great book , reasonable film ( despite the fact nicolas cage , who played corelli , was woefully miscast ) but you can see why the kefalonians were not wholly thrilled to bits by either . it took probably the two worst events in the island 's history - the brutal massacre of italian troops in 1943 and the awful earthquake of 1953 - and used them as grist to the story 's romantic mill . kefalonia is perhaps best known as the setting for louis de bernières 's novel captain corelli 's mandolin . the 2001 film adaptation starred nicholas cage and penelope cruz but focussed on negative events . kefalonia , however , is simply stunning - an absolute gem . i had visited zante , the neighbouring island , and was n't impressed . it has some nice beaches but it has been tarnished by tourism of the cheap and nasty sort - lots of scuzzy booze clubs where young brits go to behave badly . kefalonia , on the other hand , has remained relatively pristine . this has probably much to do with the fact that its airport is of a size that would find it difficult to cope with the modest level of air traffic arriving on the isle of lewis . it 's a large island , about a quarter of the size of majorca , but with just a 20th of the number of tourists of the spanish hotspot . on arrival , i found myself gaping at the sublime beauty of the place . in parts it reminded me of tuscany with its gently wooded rolling slopes dotted with trees . kefalonia is by no means perfect : the roads are sub b-road standard and signposting is practically nonexistent or , for obvious but unhelpful reasons , in greek letters ( a big problem when your satnav starts shrugging its digital shoulders and goes into sulk mode ) . in a rare case for hollywood the film was actually shot in kefalonia where the book 's events took place . the sheer sublime beauty of kefalonia recalls elements of tuscany but it 's by no means perfect . the instructions that told us how to get from the airport to our villa had lots of details like : ' turn right after the yellow sign near the olive oil shop halfway up the hill from the bakers . ' the drive south should have taken 30 minutes but proved much longer with the complicated route . it was a relief , however , to find that tourism had made only limited progress , with just one or two modest-sized hotels in evidence . eventually we discovered our glorious property - the villa zeus - with an ' oh my god ' view over lourdas beach . while unpacking , i decided to take my ease on the hammock . and so it was i had my you 've been framed moment , toppling straight off and landing on my head . i rose groggily from the dust to find myself being stared at by part-time resident cat arthur . arthur the cat was reliable company when food was on offer ... or when he thought it should be . i 'm pretty sure ' barrett ' is a name near the top of every stray cat ' watch list ' around the world . wherever we travel , we barely have time to unpack before some flea-ridden derelict is attempting to wrest food from our table . arthur joined us at the table whenever he was aware that food was on the go . he also made his presence felt when he considered that food ought to be on the go . he was around , therefore , most of the daylight hours - and as he was getting so well fed ( we ended up getting him proper cat food from the supermarket ) he often stuck around all night . i often found myself giving him bits of cheese at 3am ( in fairness , he would eat almost anything ) . the one moment that arthur noticeably made himself scarce was the night of the fire . at 2am one night towards the end of our stay , we became aware that a huge wild fire had broken out about a mile away . in these situations it 's hard to know at what point you need to get out ; too soon you look foolish , too late you look dead . the fire grew in sudden bursts , the flames fanned by strong winds ; but it was not obviously coming in our direction… yet . we sat watchful on our balcony with our bags packed ready to escape . we eventually went back to bed . at 6am , i was awoken by a helicopter and a plane which began scooping up water from the sea and then headed over the fire zone to dump it - a laborious process that went on for hours . later in the day we walked down to examine the site , expecting to see acres consumed by the conflagration . in fact the fire-damaged area was surprisingly small . the one must-do outing in kefalonia is to fiskardo , a lovely harbour , and tassia , an excellent waterfront restaurant that seems to attract an a-list crowd . booked for that evening , we heard , were mr and mrs tom hanks whose annual yacht trip normally brings them here . the lovely harbour of fiskardo is a must-visit place for anyone staying on kefalonia . unique villas offers villas from €699 ( £520 ) per week . seven nights at villa zeus costs from €2,159 ( £1,600 ) . easyjet flies from gatwick to kefalonia from £36.99pp one way . norwegian launched a new route from gatwick to kefalonia in april . for further information on greece go to visitgreece.gr . on our way back we passed by the monastery where the body of kefalonia 's patron saint gerasimos is kept in a glass case . on his holy day the body is passed over the ill and the sick in the hope of curing them . also worth a visit is the harbour of argostoli , where big turtles cruise up and down the waterfront looking for food . like arthur , i imagine , they 'll eat anything . back at the villa zeus , even though it was still just 3pm , arthur had convinced himself it was teatime . we did n't disappoint him . we had a glass of the lovely local gentilini wine as we soaked up the glorious afternoon sun . arthur had a tin of felix .  