creating romantic , sepia-toned images is a cinch now that we have instagram filters to play with . but back in the early 21st century , taking a picture was an entirely different process , requiring patience , precision and a very talented eye . dreamlike snaps of a young woman in red posing at lulworth cove , dorset , in 1913 have now been revealed as some of the earliest surviving colour photographs . scroll down for video . a collection of pictures of christina o'gorman posing for her father , electrical engineer and photographer mervyn o'gorman , back in 1913 have been revealed as some of the earliest colour photographs ever taken . the ethereal images were taken on the beach at lulworth cove , dorset , when malcolm was 42 . the images are part of the royal photographic society , held at the national media museum , and are currently on display at the national media museum , bradford . they are among a collection of the world 's oldest surviving photographs . the woman in question was teenager christina o'gorman , posing for her father , electrical engineer and photographer mervyn o'gorman back in 1913 . mervyn was 42 at the time when he took the images of his daughter , who languidly sits , in an array of vibrant red outfits , including a swimsuit , a cloak and a shirt . the teen , characterised by her long strawberry-blonde hair , poses in different scenarios on the beach at lulworth cove in the english county of dorset and appears unaware of her father . the delicately-coloured images are on display at the national media museum in bradford . christina is seen sitting on the dorset beach with friends in the 102-year-old images . the strawberry-blonde teenager wore red , probably at the request of her father as the vibrant colour captured particularly well via the autochrome process . mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and used the autochrome process to capture the haunting images . patented in 1903 , the process involved using glass plates covered in potato starches grains to filter pictures with dye . mervyn was known as an early pioneer of colour photography and often used the autochrome process , which involved using glass plates covered in potato starches grains to filter pictures with dye . christina 's life remains a mystery as there are no recorded detail of the then-teen 's life . the national media museum explained : ' the comparatively long exposure time has given the sea a glassy quality and the large aperture setting and narrow depth of field has put durdle door in the background into soft focus . ' the repetition of the red attire was due to the fact that the vibrant colour captured particularly well in an autochrome process . mervyn died in 1958 , with his wife florence passing 27 years beforehand in 1931 . as to christina 's life , there are no recorded details .