global warming has n't happened as fast as expected , according to a new study based on 1,000 years of temperature records . the research claims that natural variability in surface temperatures over the course of a decade can account for increases and dips in warming rates . but it adds that these so-called ' climate wiggles ' could also , in the future , cause our planet to warm up much faster than anticipated . scroll down for video . the study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) . projected temperature change from 2081-2100 by the ipcc are pictured here . the latest study , however , says this climate model may be wrong . the study compared its results to the most severe emissions scenarios outlined by the intergovernmental panel on climate change ( ipcc ) . ' based on our analysis , a middle-of-the-road warming scenario is more likely , at least for now , ' said patrick brown , a doctoral student in climatology at duke university . ' but this could change . ' the duke-led study says that variability is caused by interactions between the ocean and atmosphere , and other natural factors . they claim these ' wiggles ' can slow or speed the rate of warming from decade to decade , and exaggerate or offset the effects of increases in greenhouse gas concentrations . if not properly explained and accounted for , they may skew the reliability of climate models and lead to over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends . summary of projected changes in crop yields in a previous ipcc report . because ' climate wiggles ' were not accounted for , the duke university researchers say the report may have been an over-interpretation of short-term temperature trends . the research , uses observed data , rather than the more commonly used climate models , to estimate decade-to-decade variability . ' at any given time , we could start warming at a faster rate if greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere increase without any offsetting changes in aerosol concentrations or natural variability , ' said wenhong li , assistant professor of climate at duke , who conducted the study with brown . infectious diseases , such as ebola and west nile virus , will rapidly spread to new areas as a result of global warming . this is according to zoologist , professor daniel brooks , who warns humans can expect to face new illnesses as climate change brings crops , livestock , and humans into contact with pathogens . professor brooks says it will be ' the death of a thousand cuts ' with society unable to keep up with the speed of disease as it spreads around the world . ' it 's not that there 's going to be one `` andromeda strain '' that will wipe everybody out on the planet , ' professor brooks said , referring to the 1971 science fiction film about a deadly pathogen . ' there are going to be a lot of localised outbreaks that put a lot of pressure on our medical and veterinary health systems . ' in his research , professor brooks has focused primarily on parasites in the tropics , while his colleague , professor eric hoberg , has worked in arctic regions . each has observed the arrival of species that had n't previously lived in that area and the departure of others , said professor brooks , who is affiliated with the university of nebraska-lincoln . the team examined whether climate models , such as those used by the ipcc , accurately account for natural chaotic variability that can occur in the rate of global warming . to test these , created a new statistical model based on reconstructed empirical records of surface temperatures over the last 1,000 years . ' by comparing our model against theirs , we found that climate models largely get the ' big picture ' right but seem to underestimate the magnitude of natural decade-to-decade climate wiggles , ' brown said . ' our model shows these wiggles can be big enough that they could have accounted for a reasonable portion of the accelerated warming we experienced from 1975 to 2000 , as well as the reduced rate in warming that occurred from 2002 to 2013 . ' ' statistically , it 's pretty unlikely that an 11-year hiatus in warming , like the one we saw at the start of this century , would occur if the underlying human-caused warming was progressing at a rate as fast as the most severe ipcc projections , ' brown said . ' hiatus periods of 11 years or longer are more likely to occur under a middle-of-the-road scenario . ' under the ipcc 's middle-of-the-road scenario , there was a 70 per cent likelihood that at least one hiatus lasting 11 years or longer would occur between 1993 and 2050 , brown said . ' that matches up well with what we 're seeing . ' there 's no guarantee , however , that this rate of warming will remain steady in coming years , li stressed . ' our analysis clearly shows that we should n't expect the observed rates of warming to be constant . they can and do change . ' the ipcc has previously warmed that global warming is impacting ' all continents and across the oceans ' . this map details some of the predicted affects of climate change in different continents . however the latest study claims that the worst-case scenario is unlikely to take place .