a young waitress has claimed that england footballer aaron lennon grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top as he partied in the vip suite of a nightclub . the 18-year-old reportedly fled to the toilet in tears and afterwards told police that the £55,000-a-week tottenham winger had left her with a bruise below her eye . the 28-year-old , who is on loan to everton , was reportedly interviewed by officers under caution over the alleged assault earlier this month . a teenage waitress claims england footballer aaron lennon ( pictured playing for everton ) grabbed her , slapped her and ripped her top . after taking part in everton 's 1-0 win at home against southampton on april 4 , lennon is thought to have headed to suede nightclub in manchester with friends . lennon , who has 21 england caps , lives in a penthouse apartment in the city centre . that night , the venue , which is popular with premier league footballers , was packed with hundreds who had come to see singer trey songz perform . but later in the evening , the waitress claimed to have been attacked by the player in the vip section - where booths cost £2,000 . she was interviewed by greater manchester police four days later . a source told the sun's michael hamilton and dean wilkins that the girl , who is ' very pretty ' , had worked at the club for just under a year . he added that the footballer and his friends were ' spending a lot of money on drinks ' . police are investigating the alleged incident at suede nightclub ( pictured ) in manchester which is popular with premier league stars . on the night of april 4 , singer trey songz ( right ) performed at the venue . ' she got really upset , left what she was doing and rushed to the toilet , ' the source said . ' she came out about an hour later and was annoyed security had not done anything and kicked lennon out . ' she says he grabbed her and ripped her top and then slapped her . ' on april 15 , the day before lennon 's 28th birthday , he was interviewed by police officers on suspicion of assault . police confirmed no arrests were made and an investigation is ongoing . a greater manchester police spokesman told mailonline : ' on wednesday 8 april 2015 , police were called following reports an 18-year old woman had been assaulted at suede night club , longworth street , manchester city centre on sunday 5 april 2015 . ' a man has been interviewed under caution . no arrests have been made and enquiries are ongoing . ' mailonline has contacted mr lennon 's agent and club for comment .