it could have easily been passed off as an april fool 's day joke , but for one couple winning the £53million euromillions jackpot was a reality . richard and angela maxwell , from coningsby in lincolnshire , became 10th on the national lottery rich list after they scooped £53,193,914 on the draw on tuesday . the couple , both 67 , so far have only modest plans for what to do with the huge windfall - with mr maxwell planning to retire and play bowls . scroll down for video . richard and angela maxwell from lincolnshire have become the 10th biggest british winners of euromillions . mrs maxwell said she thought her husband was playing an april fools ' day joke on her when he told her . the semi-retired consultant in the poultry industry said : ' i always keep our lottery tickets in the kitchen drawer so i took a break and went online to check the results . ' i looked first at the two lucky stars and noticed we had those . then i scanned across to the first main number and immediately knew they all matched our numbers . i checked again and again , five times in total , as i could n't believe it . ' mr maxwell said he was in shock when he saw only one ticket had won £53million and believed someone had scanned his ticket and put it on the website as a joke . ' it was april fool 's day after all , ' he added . the father-of-two kept the win to himself for four more hours until wife angela got home from helping to cook for a local oap luncheon club . he said : ' i knew angela would be busy and would n't answer her mobile phone so i waited til she got home . ' i kept myself busy making cups of tea for the builders because i could n't sit still but did n't say anything to anyone . ' when his wife came back carrying a basket of tea towels and asking about dinner plans , mr maxwell said : ' angela , i 've got something to tell you . ' the shocked couple plan to take their family on holiday to new zealand first class and buy a land rover . his wife said : ' i did n't know what to think . richard just went red in the face and then said `` we 've won £53 million '' . ' i just said `` do n't be stupid '' - he 's always playing jokes so i thought it was an april 's fool . ' i just did n't believe it , then he showed me the numbers on the website and i dropped the basket of tea towels on the floor . i then just sat down in the chair for about half-an-hour stunned . ' when the couple called their two daughters , sharon , 45 , and paula , 44 , they too thought it was an april fool 's joke . the couple are still thinking about what to do with the huge windfall but have already decided to upgrade a planned holiday to new zealand - by taking the whole family first-class . they said they are also keen to help good causes and will donate some of the cash to their local community . sports fan mr maxwell said he will now be able to retire completely to enjoy following boston united and big sporting events , and play golf and bowls . mr maxwell is also going to treat himself to a land rover , while his wife plans to splash out on designer handbags and shoes . mrs maxwell said : ' richard says he wants to travel round the world watching sport . i can go with him but i do n't think i 'll be watching any sport . it 'll be retail therapy for me . ' as soon as we told the girls it started to dawn on us just how big an amount of money it is . ' it still has n't sunk in . we do n't know if we will make anyone millionaires but we will make sure our family is ok . ' mr maxwell added : ' it 's a life-changing amount of money - £1 million would have been amazing but £53 million enables you to do so much , not just for you , but those around you . ' our local community is really important to us , in particular helping young people in the area . the win will enable us to spend more time getting involved , as well as give financial support . ' mr maxwell said he survived prostate cancer eight years ago and is now in remission . he said : ' i had three operations and it was successful in the end . i was very ill for quite a while . that 's why i retired from full-time work . he added : ' it made me realise that every day is a gift . we are not materialistic people . we do n't crave things . ' we are simple people . winning this amount of money would change anyone but we are going to try and stay grounded and live the way we 've always done . ' mr maxwell said his experience had inspired some of his fundraising and added that his motorcycling group has raised £50,000 for macmillan nurses in the last three years . with their money they could buy 450 semi-detached houses in lincolnshire or eight million tonnes of the county 's famous sausages . the winning balls were 8 , 20 , 24 , 28 , 49 with lucky stars of 8 and 9 . it comes in the same week that another couple - from neighbouring north lincolnshire - beat odds of 283 billion to one to win £1 million in the euromillions lottery for a second time . dave and kathleen long , from scunthorpe , won their first £1 million in 2013 and scooped the big money prize again on friday night . mr maxwell survived a prostate cancer diagnosis eight years ago and said he was glad to be here today . colin and chris wear are britain 's current biggest winners after they won £161million in july 2011 . mr long said yesterday he ' just knew it would be my turn again some day ' as the couple become the first people to win £1 million twice who have gone public . and the former lorry driver has not ruled out winning for a third time despite being perplexed at being labelled the luckiest man in britain . the couple previously banked £1,000,000 in the euromillions millionaire raffle draw on friday july 26 , 2013 , before they married . despite their windfall , they decided to upgrade their prefabricated home - adding a conservatory and other improvements - rather than spend their cash on an upmarket house . now they are looking for what they called today their ' dream home ' , although they still appeared to be thinking about a modest semi . the record for the biggest ever national lottery win is held by husband and wife colin and chris weir , from largs in ayrshire . they said they had been ' tickled pink ' after claiming £161,653,000 in july 2011 to rank among europe 's biggest lottery winners . psychiatric nurse mrs weir and mr weir , who worked as a tv cameraman and studio manager for 23 years , reportedly bought a fleet of cars for friends since their win as well as a mansion with their euromillions winnings . they are followed on the rich list by adrian and gillian bayford , from haverhill , suffolk , who won £148,656,000 in august 2012 , and an anonymous ticket-holder who scooped £113,019,926 in october 2010 . adrian and gillian bayford are the uk 's second biggest winners , pictured with cheque for £148million . the announcement came the day after david and kathleen long had their second six-figure win in two years . scooping the jackpot : the uk 's biggest lottery winners . the national lottery was set up in 1994 and since then it has made more than 3,700 new millionaires and changed the lives of thousands . topping the list of winners is colin and chris weir from largs , north ayrshire , who scooped a massive £161,653,000 in july 2011 . the couple , who have been married for 30 years and have two children , shot above ringo starr and sir tom jones in the sunday times rich list after the win . adrian and gillian bayford became the second richest lottery winners in august 2012 after scooping £148m . gillian and adrian bayford , from haverhill in suffolk , are the second richest lottery winners after they won £148,656,000 in august 2012 . but the music shop worker and his nursing assistant wife , who have two young children , soon split after their jackpot win and both now have new partners . britain 's third richest winner - who walked away with £113,019,926 - in october 2010 has decided to remain anonymous - much like sixth , seventh and eighth richest . neil trotter was living in a three-bedroom suburban semi in surrey when he scooped £108million in march last year . car mechanic neil trotter , pictured with his girlfriend nicky ottoway , won £108million in march last year . dave and angela dawes ' lottery ticket was worth £101,203,600 when they cashed it in october 2011 . they have reportedly split after the win . the former car mechanic now has a £5million medieval mansion to call home , with its own private lake and more than 400 acres of land . in october 2011 dave and angela dawes , from wisbech in cambridgeshire , won £101,203,600 and bought a £2million mansion in surrey - but they have also reportedly split since the win . nigel page from cirencester , gloucestershire , is the ninth richest lottery winner after he scooped £56,008,113 in february 2010 .  