murder-accused teenager heather mack was today given the star treatment in the bali prison where she is being held over her mother 's death . the ‘ body in suitcase’ teen and her baby received a personal visit from a government minister who offered extra comforts . mack , 19 , from chicago , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , 62-year-old socialite sheila von wiese-mack , whose body was then stuffed inside a suitcase . scroll down for video . behind bars : heather mack has been keeping her baby with her in a crowded cell in bali 's kerobokan prison . yasona laoly , indonesia’s justice and human rights minister , has offered mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child . indonesia’s justice and human rights minister called in unexpectedly at kerobokan prison to visit the teen . yasona laoly , indonesia’s justice and human rights minister , called in unexpectedly at kerobokan prison , where the 19-year-old is caring for baby stella . he checked on the conditions in her cell , which she shares with eight other prisoners . ‘i’m not happy to be raising my baby here , ’ said mack , who is expected to learn on tuesday whether a panel of judges will agree to prosecution demands that she should serve 15 years for the murder . the minister later said he was perturbed that a three-week-old baby should start her life in a prison . he said he had offered mack the chance to place the baby with a family to care for the child . ‘i’ve given her the chance to think over the offer , ’ mr yasona said outside the prison . ‘ there are families in bali who would be happy to take the baby in and care for her . ‘ while she is considering this , i have also told her that i will arrange for her to have a room to herself inside the prison where she can care for the baby properly without other prisoners being around . ’ motherhood : little stella schaefer is being cared for in prison by heather mack , 19 , who is accused of murder . allegations : heather mack is accused of the murder of her socialite mother , sheila von wiese-mack ( pictured ) . locked up : mack , from chicago , could spend 15 years in jail for the murder of her mother , 62-year-old socialite sheila von wiese-mack . judges have accepted the prosecution 's case of mack 's guilt for the murder of her mother in a luxury bali hotel last august . during the minister’s visit , mack not only told him of her concerns about the crowded cell , but she also said she wanted baby stella schaefer - named after her boyfriend tommy schaefer , 21 - to be baptised . mr yasona said he would make arrangements for a church pastor or priest to come to the prison to perform a ceremony . it is understood that schaefer - who is facing 18 years in jail after admitting he beat mrs mack about the face and stuffed her body in a suitcase after she allegedly attacked him - has not been made aware of the offer to have the baby he has fathered given to a balinese family . it is expected , however , that mack will ask for a message to be passed to him in another part of kerobokan prison seeking his reaction to the offer . tommy schaefer pictured here in prison with baby stella , who was born by caesarian on march 17 this year . during the minister’s visit , mack ( right ) not only told him of her concerns about the crowded cell , but she also said she wanted baby stella schaefer - named after her boyfriend tommy schaefer ( left ) , 21 - to be baptised . another prisoner , an indonesian woman , is sharing a cell with her seven-month old baby and several other women . the minister’s compassion for the convicted teenager is at odds with his hard-line stance over the fate of two members of the australian so-called ‘ bali nine’ heroin-smuggling gang . the two men , andrew chan and myuran sukumaran , are anxiously waiting for the result of a final appeal in the indonesian constitutional court to avoid the firing squad . mr yasona had said earlier that ‘ we are ready to carry out the executions’ . however , he has also displayed a lenient attitude to prisoners , putting forward a plan to parliament to revise the treatment of inmates serving time for corruption , terrorism and drug offences . according to his proposed regulations , an inmate who has spent six months behind bars and who agrees to a number of conditions could have his or her sentence reduced .