time to change : business mogul jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused education to become cripplingly expensive . business mogul jack welch has called for an end to the college hierarchy that has caused higher education to become cripplingly expensive . speaking to dailymail.com ceo jon steinberg , the former head of general electric insisted that it 's time to cut out expensive and needless middle management . he said : ' if you look at education today there are deans , there are associate deans , there are assistants to the associate deans . there 's hierarchy beyond belief . ' why should these lazy professors hang out getting fat on money while kids are going broke graduating ? ' it 's dumb , it 's stupid , and it has to be broken . ' welch warned that this increase in middle management is driving up the cost of higher education , which is now failing to give students value for the amount of money they are forced to shell out . he told steinberg that he is now dedicated to taking education in a new direction as executive of the jack welch management institute ( jwmi ) , which currently has over 900 students and is growing . he said : ' at jwmi one thing is true - and this will be a big change for education - we think : ' who is our customer ? ' the student is our customer . ' we have no tenure . we will remove faculty if the students call for it . ' they know when they 're getting value and when they 're not . they 're great consumers and they give us voice ' . ' if we 've got jerks that are n't giving them what they want , we '' l have a chat with them once , and the second time they wo n't be there . they wo n't be in the next class . ' the business mogul and his wife , business journalist and author suzy welch , were speaking at an answers to correspondents event at the new york 's core club hosted by dailymail.com and jwmi . during the intimate conversation , welch claimed that jwmi could provide a model for what the future of graduate education can be . ' we 're seeing lives change , ' he said . ' it 's amazing how we 're changing lives with some very basic steps and an economically sound deal for us and for them . ' jack welch ( right ) and his wife , business journalist and author suzy welch ( center ) , were speaking with dilymail.com ceo jon steinberg at an answers to correspondents event at the new york 's core club . following the release of their new book the real-life mba : your no-bs guide to winning the game , building a team , and growing your career , the couple discussed how real-world business scenarios should be used in education . suzy welch said : ' what 's happening in business education in our school are these team-based projects that are more simulation of business troubles and business challenges , and that 's better . ' she pointed out that at many schools business education is being taught by academics , who lack real-world experience at a management level . ' most of them have n't managed a thing , ' she added . ' they 're sitting there talking to you about leadership and they 've not led a person . ' at our school , 90 per cent of the faculty are also business leaders . they are business executives who all have done phds . ' anything that can be more real world really helps . '