the daughter of troubled ex-footballer paul gascoigne has been mugged by a gang on bikes in central london who took her phone which reportedly had private texts from her father . former model bianca gascoigne , 28 , was targeted by the gang of eight on tuesday afternoon as she talked on her mobile while walking in marylebone . the attackers are thought to have grabbed her phone and then attempted to snatch her bag , but ran away when she fought them off . miss gascoigne , pictured with her father paul and brother regan . mr gascoigne adopted the 28-year-old after he married her mother sheryl in 1996 . the theft reportedly left her in tears and she is said to have been left devastated given the nature of the text messages stored on her phone . according to the sun 's dan sales miss gascoigne told a friend : ' i was walking across the road and was suddenly surrounded by this gang of eight . ' they were all hooded up so i could n't see them properly . it was terrifying . ' a friend also told the newspaper : ' she 's furious because these lowlifes will be able to go through private texts , some were with her dad paul . ' miss gascoigne later took to her twitter page , where she too branded the muggers ' low lifes ' . she posted : ' beautiful day shame it just got ruined by being robbed ! got ambushed by a bunch of lowlifes on bikes . ' miss gascoigne took to her twitter page after the attack , where she branded her muggers ' lowlifes on bikes ' . a scotland yard spokesman said : ' police were informed of the theft of a mobile phone , which happened at about 3.45pm on tuesday in wimpole road , marylebone . ' an appointment has been made to speak to the victim . ' mr gascoigne adopted miss gascoigne and her brother mason after he married her mother sheryl in 1996 . they also have a child together called regan . the couple divorced two years later but the 28-year-old and the former england international are still said to be incredibly close . she has appeared on several reality tv shows including celebrity love island and celebrity coach trip and currently runs the gaslight club in central london . bianca gascoigne , the daughter of troubled ex-footballer paul gascoigne , who was mugged by a gang and had her phone taken , which was reportedly full of private texts from her father . last year , miss gascoigne hit out at twitter trolls who attacked her saying she should have done more to help her step-father , who has had a well-documented battle with alcohol abuse . it came after he was led away from his home sandbanks , dorset by police and an ambulance crew following worried neighbours ' calls to emergency services . one online bully told the glamour model her step-father was ' done ' and another branded her ' attention seeking ' . but she hit back tweeting : ' there are some sick twisted people out there have some compassion do n't know why people feel the need to be so nasty & have opinions they know nothing about . ' last month , mr gascoigne , a former tottenham hotspur and newcastle united midfielder , insisted he was healthy and was n't drinking again during a tv appearance on bt sport . the star then put a recent stint in hospital following an apparent alcohol binge down to ' just to a little blip ' , and insisted other photos of him shopping in a off-licence earlier this year did n't mean he had resorted to his old habits .