she only gave birth to daughter james three months ago , but blake lively is already showcasing her incredible post-baby body in all its glory . the 27-year-old actress , who welcomed her first child with ryan reynolds in january , has been out and about promoting her upcoming movie roles ( and her new figure ) . so what 's her secret ? long walks , yoga , hiking ... and chocolate , it has been revealed . blake lively shows off her post-baby body in a plunging pink dress as she arrives at the live with kelly and michael studios in new york on tuesday morning . although she has been parading her enviable curves at various events to promote her new movie , age of adaline , in which she stars alongside michiel huisman and harrison ford , blake says losing weight has n't been a priority . speaking to you magazine , blake said : ' losing weight is not something i have spent much time focusing on . with a new baby , it’s just about eating well for her , because everything i eat goes right into her system . ' your body goes through a lot after pregnancy and birth , so small , gentle workouts feel better . ' since welcoming her daughter , she has shunned the gym in favour of al fresco activities . she said : ' i hate the gym . who doesn’t ? when i’m in the gym i feel like i am missing out . i would rather rent a bike or go for a hike . ' blake has been showcasing her trim figure in a variety of outfits , left and centre , at the good morning america studios and , right , on siriusxm later on . preserve striped wrap dress . get blake 's dress ! visit site . that 's quite an outfit , blake . the bold pink hue , the contrasting black stripes and the lace up sandals - it 's a little overboard all together in our opinion . but on their own ? absolutely . if you 're looking to make a statement , then this dress is ideal with its stand-out design and is available , of course , on blake lively 's lifestyle site - preserve . preserve is essentially a hand selection of products from artisans all over america who care about how things are made . this dress is one of many products on blake 's site , and it retails at just under $ 300 . click right to make it yours today ! and fashion finder as ever has made your life easier by rounding up some similar pretty pink options in the carousel below . you 're welcome ! diane von furstenberg new julian two mini wrap dress at shopbop ( now $ 278.60 ) visit site . new york & company wrap-front belted shirt dress ( now $ 45.46 ) visit site . lands end women 's petite knit shirred surplice dress ( now $ 24.99 ) visit site . trina turk jeanna dress at zappos . visit site . according to yahoo ! health , blake took prenatal yoga classes right up until her due date - and it seems that hard work pays off . despite her trim figure , the cooking fanatic , who has her own blog , admits that she ' loves ' to eat chocolate . a month after having her baby , blake posted a picture of a hot chocolate with the caption , ' name one thing better in winter than city bakery hot chocolate…that’s what i thought . ' although she has been parading her enviable curves at various events to promote her new movie , blake , pictured arriving at sirius radio in new york on tuesday , says losing weight has n't been a priority . in past interviews , blake has explained that she prefers to fill her diet with fresh produce , blended juices and lean proteins . a source revealed that she had been eating plenty of lean proteins like turkey , chicken and venison to shed the baby weight . despite her envy-inducing figure , blake admitted that she has insecure days just like everyone else . she admitted : ' some days i look in the mirror and think , `` oh my gosh . i look like a potato . '' you think that i would never feel bad about myself ? i’m a human being - everybody has their insecurities . ' ask gisele [ bündchen ] or beyoncé . they will tell you that some days , they don’t feel good about themselves . ' style chameleon : her fifth look of the day was a pastel pink coat with matching high-waisted trousers and a tight mesh top , paired with some simple earrings by lorraine schwartz . blake has been showcasing her new figure in a variety of on-trend outfits at various events and personal appearances to promote her acting roles . during one interview , she finally revealed why she gave her daughter the moniker james - a name traditionally given to a boy . she told the host : ' it 's a family name , and i liked having a boy 's name . ' blake also revealed that if she had one piece of advice for her beloved daughter , it would be , ' do n't let anyone tell you no . ' the 27-year-old actress also jokingly shared with host jimmy fallon that her 38-year-old spouse is ' pathetic ' at parenting even revealing : ' i do everything , he does nothing ! ' at the reynolds ' household , the first-time parents currently have a bit of a competition regarding their only child . ' we 're total rivals , ' she shared explaining that she and ryan are trying hard to teach little james to say her first word of ' dada ' or ' mama . ' ' dada is banned in our house ! ' blake admitted . by royal appointment : blake appeared to be off to a very fancy ball in this graphic print gown . this is getting silly now ! for her eighth and final outfit , blake went for the '70s retro look in these harem style trousers . going wild : the star appears to be having lots of fun with her fashion as she enjoys a little time off from mommy duties . blake and husband ryan reynolds , left , in october when she was pregnant , and , right , before falling pregnant .