a german language teacher has been suspended in france after suggesting that panzers should invade the country again so as ' subdue unruly pupils ' . the frenchwoman also used her classes to defend adolf hitler 's domestic record , and his plans for overseas expansion . ' he was a good man who built motorways and liked music , ' she is alleged to have said , before being suspended from the auguste remoir college in limoges , west-central france . the german language teacher suggested that tanks ( pictured is a panzer during the second world war ) should be used to invade france again to subdue unruly pupils . hundreds of german tanks rolled into the country in may 1940 as their blitzkrieg led to france becoming part of the third reich . yet , according to complaining parents who passed on the comment to other teachers , the woman said she hoped ' german tanks come to renoir to subdue unruly pupils ' . seventeen of the 20 pupils in her class signed a petition against the teacher , and it was quickly acted on by the authorities . parent teacher association president , maurice sourdioux , said : ' in my experience , this kind of procedure is extremely rare in national education . i have never seen it anywhere else . ' she has since been suspended from the auguste remoir college in limoges , west-central france ( pictured ) . the teacher , who has been at the school since september , has denied any wrong doing , saying she was ' very shocked by the extent of the case ' . references to the second world war are particularly sensitive in france , where a collaborationist government worked with the nazis . state institutions including the sncf railway company and police in major cities such as paris assisted in the holocaust too . despite this , there are regular cases of far right sympathisers expressing support for the kind of racism and anti-semitism championed by the nazis . last month , a music teacher in berlin was questioned by police after forcing pupils to march up and down singing a nazi song . germany had been forbidden from producing and using tanks because of the treaty of versailles . but under a secret program code named the ' traktor ' , they began developing armored military vehicles and artillery . the early tanks which were mostly used for training were then tested in the soviet union . the early german panzer force 's success was mainly down to tactical innovation rather than the quality of the vehicles . but many of their later tanks outclassed allied armor , delivering more casualties than they took in most engagements during the second world war . a parade of german tanks crossed the desert plans of libya in the second world war in may 1941 . production of the first tank , the panzer i , began in 1932 and mass production began in 1934 . it had been intended only as a training tank to introduce the army to armored warfare but the panzer i saw combat in poland , france , the soviet union and north africa during the second world war . the army went onto to produce the panzer ii to fill the gap after the construction of medium tanks , panzer iii and iv , fell behind schedule . along with the panzer i , the ii made up the bulk of german tank forces during the invasion of poland and france . the final panzer , iv , was the workhorse force during the war making up half of all german tanks . it was also the only german tank to remain in production for the entire war- with a total of 8,800 produced .