west brom manager tony pulis will receive a hero 's welcome when he returns to crystal palace on saturday but in the midst of yet another relegation battle for the 57-year-old , he must wonder if he 'll ever be successful at the right end of the premier league . for all the expertise pulis has in keeping clubs in the top flight , a talent that has the everlasting gratitude of stoke city and palace supporters , his overall record is one of the worst of any long-serving premier league manager . this is his seventh season in the top flight and he 's never finished in the top half of the table . if , as expected , garry monk 's swansea city do n't drop lower than 10th , pulis will be the only manager in the premier league with more than 12 months experience who has never finished higher than 11th . tony pulis has never managed to guide a team into the top half of the premier league . to add to his frustration as he takes the applause of the palace fans who remember him for masterminding their great escape last season , pulis will know he is n't yet guaranteed preserving his proud record of never being relegated . west brom 's home defeats against qpr and leicester city have left them stuck on 33 points . that is still seven points above the bottom three but with four of their final five fixtures after the weekend coming against liverpool , manchester united , chelsea and arsenal , there is not much wriggle-room . for many , producing statistics to suggest pulis could have produced better results is heresy . he won promotion with stoke city and got them to an fa cup final . he turned palace 's season around 12 months ago and is still favoured to keep albion up this time . pulis did an excellent job in turning around palace 's fortunes last season . palace fans were pleased with the job pulis did in his time at selhurst park . he is known as a good organiser , a smart tactician and someone who is able to get the best out of players and bend the laws of the game to his advantage . and yet , why has he never finished higher than 11th , achieved in 2009/10 with stoke and 20013/14 with palace ? it is right to say he has never had the best clubs with the most money to manage and yet sam allardyce finished sixth with bolton , mark hughes sixth with blackburn rovers , mauricio pochettino eighth with southampton and monk is currently eighth with swansea city . none of them giants of the game . pulis took stoke into the premier league and turned them into an established team . pardew , who has achieved a similar miracle at palace this season to what pulis achieved last season , has a top-five finish at newcastle united on his cv . two years ago , stoke city effectively sacked pulis , acknowledging the huge contribution he made to the club but feeling he could n't take them any further . hughes now has the club sitting in 10th place , higher than pulis achieved , and on a smaller wages budget . alan pardew could guide crystal palace into the top half of the table just as mark hughes could do at stoke - something pulis never achieved . pulis will remain plain-speaking til the end . the welshman wo n't be able to enjoy his visit to palace given the importance of the game . ' we need a 90 minutes from the players . i do n't care what anyone says , everyone has a go in this division and the lads have to understand that . ' what we have to do is get back to basics and defend properly . lower league mistakes cost you goals . ' you 'd back pulis ' message to keep west brom up . whether he can take them to a higher level next season is another question . arsene wenger ( arsenal ) – three-time winner 1998 , 2002 , 2004 . jose mourinho ( chelsea ) – two-time winner 2005 , 2006 manuel pellegrini ( man city ) – winner 2014 . brendan rodgers ( liverpool ) – 2nd in 2014 . mark hughes ( stoke city ) – 5th in 2010 * with man city . alan pardew ( crystal palace ) – 5th in 2012 * with newcastle . roberto martinez ( everton ) – 5th in 2014 . sam allardyce ( west ham ) – 6th in 2005 * with bolton . tim sherwood ( aston villa ) – 6th in 2014 * with tottenham . mauricio pochettino ( tottenham ) – 8th in 2014 * with southampton . steve bruce ( hull city ) – 10th in 2004 * with birmingham city . tony pulis ( west brom ) – 11th in 2010 * with stoke city , and 2014 * with crystal palace . garry monk ( swansea city ) – 12th in 2014 . louis van gaal ( manchester united ) , chris ramsay ( qpr ) , sean dyche ( burnley ) , ronald koeman ( southampton ) , dick advocaat ( sunderland ) , john carver ( newcastle united ) and nigel pearson ( leicester city ) have not previously managed in the premier league on a full-time basis . 