hungry for power : snp leader nicola sturgeon . snp leader nicola sturgeon last night admitted she understands concerns of english voters about her party being involved in a coalition government . the scottish first minister said : ‘ i understand how people south of the border think , “ oh my goodness how will it work ? it’s a mess” . ’ she also suggested that david cameron had been ‘ not unhelpful’ to the snp by gaining the party greater publicity . ‘ at every westminster election i’ve fought until this one , the biggest challenge that we’ve had to overcome is being heard and being relevant . we don’t have this problem this time , ’ she told the times . ‘ the message it’s given to people in scotland is – if this is the attention we get just from the snp riding high in the polls , imagine how loud our voice would be if that was translated into seats . so in that respect i absolutely think it is not unhelpful . ’ miss sturgeon’s remarks came after she had insisted that she would put ed miliband into downing street even if labour wins 40 fewer seats than the tories in a hung parliament . polls suggest the snp is on the brink of a landslide on a scale unprecedented in modern british politics , winning as many as 50 of scotland’s 59 commons seats . that would be all but certain to leave it holding the balance of power at westminster for the first time . in an interview with bbc newsnight , miss sturgeon insisted : ‘ even if the tories are the largest party , if there is an anti-tory majority , my offer to labour is to work together to keep the tories out . ’ asked whether mr cameron’s party being ahead of labour by ‘ ten , 20 , 30 , 40’ seats would have an impact on her decision , she said : ‘ governments in the house of commons are about who can command a majority . ' if there is an anti-tory majority , yes ... we would work with labour to stop the tories getting into downing street . ’ pledge : miss sturgeon’s remarks came after she had insisted that she would put ed miliband ( right ) into downing street even if labour wins 40 fewer seats than the tories in a hung parliament . left , david cameron . labour has ruled out a coalition with the snp but on more than 100 occasions in recent weeks senior figures have refused to rule out a less formal arrangement . most likely are vote-by-vote negotiations which would see the snp agree to support a minority labour government in key parliamentary votes , after seeking to extract concessions for scotland . the prime minister called miss sturgeon’s threat to prop up a weak labour government ‘frightening’ and said it would lead to ‘ economic ruin’ . nick clegg said last night he would not support any deal with labour that relies on it being propped up by the snp . the liberal democrat leader said his first talks would be with the party with most seats – which most polls indicate will be the tories .