three ku klux klan members who worked at a florida prison have been charged with plotting to kill a black inmate after his release because they believed the man is infected with hiv and hepatitis and he bit one of them during a fight , officials said thursday . the case comes as the latest black eye for the troubled state prison system . the three men - thomas jordan driver , 25 , david elliot moran , 47 , and charles thomas newcomb , 42 - were arrested thursday and each faces one state count of conspiracy to commit murder , florida attorney general pam bondi 's office said in a written statement . the state said the murder plot started after driver , an officer at the department of corrections reception and medical center in rural north florida , had a fight with the inmate . moran is currently a sergeant at that facility . newcomb was fired in 2013 for failing to meet training requirements , according to the department . charged : ( from left to right ) charles thomas newcomb , thomas jordan driver , and david elliot moran each were arrested thursday on one state count of conspiracy to commit murder , florida attorney general pam bondi 's office said . bondi 's office said the three were also members of the traditionalist american knights of the ku klux klan . the group has garnered attention in recent months for distributing flyers that likened protesters in ferguson , missouri , to terrorists . the fbi was initially alerted to the murder plot by a confidential informant inside the klan , according to an arrest affidavit . the fbi 's affidavit described the informant as ' a confidential human source for the fbi whose motivation for cooperation with the fbi is patriotism . ' the informant was present when driver and moran talked with newcomb , identified as the kkk chapter 's ' exalted cyclops ' or leader , and recorded many of their conversations . in late 2014 , authorities say driver provided the klan chapter , called a klavern , with a photograph of the inmate , who 'd been let out on supervised release . ' both driver and moran ... told the ( confidential informant ) that they wanted ( the inmate ) `` six feet under , '' ' the fbi 's affidavit said . the informant recorded all three men making plans to murder the inmate - ranging from shooting him to injecting with a lethal dose of insulin , which newcomb said ' would be quieter . ' in the recordings , the men often refer to the man using a racial epithet . the affidavit said the informant , moran and newcomb went on a trip together to where the inmate lives in palatka . before they made the trip , ' newcomb pointed out that if they could grab ( the inmate ) and take him to the river , he would need to bring a fishing pole to make it look like ( the inmate ) was at the river fishing , ' the affidavit said . ' newcomb told ( the informant ) he wanted to make it as realistic as possible , but if they had to go in there blazin , they would do what they had to do , ' the affidavit continued . their first attempt to find and kill the inmate failed . ' the fbi pre-arranged to have a law enforcement presence in the area of ( the inmate 's ) residence to prevent a crime being committed that day , ' the affidavit said . ' a vehicle with police lights was staged on the same street a block away from ( the inmate 's ) residence and a police patrol vehicle aggressively roved the neighborhood to establish an active law enforcement response . ' the informant later recorded a conversation with driver to confirm he still wanted him dead . ' okay , but do you want this guy terminated ? ' the informant asked . ' i think for this individual ... i think a message is n't going to do him any good , ' driver replied , according to the affidavit . ' okay so i take that as a yes ? ' the informant said . ' yes sir , ' driver said , according to the affidavit . in march , the fbi gave the informant a burner cellphone with a doctored photograph that appeared to show the inmate had been fatally shot . the informant showed all three men the photograph and recorded their jubilant reactions . ' according to ( the informant ) , newcomb smiled upon seeing the photograph that depicted that ( the inmate ) had been shot and killed , ' the affidavit said . moran , whom the men referred to as ' sarge , ' was smiling when he saw the photograph that depicted the inmate had been murdered , according to the informant . ' moran also gave ( the informant ) an enthusiastic handshake upon seeing the photograph , ' according to the affidavit . ' driver smiled , nodded his head in a yes motion and shook the ( informant 's ) hand in gratitude , ' according to the affidavit . bondi said and corrections department officials were quick to condemn the suspects ' alleged actions , but the incident highlights an ongoing stream of high-profile problems in florida 's prison system . last fall , prison system officials fired nearly 50 employees , including several over allegations that they punched and beat inmates . the deaths of inmates randall jordan-aparo and darren rainey also drew attention . jordan-aparo was reportedly gassed while in a confinement cell at the franklin correctional institution . rainey , a mentally ill prisoner , was punished in 2012 with a shower so hot that his skin separated from his body at dade correctional institution . the warden there was fired . reaching out : the american knights of the ku klux klan has garnered attention for distributing flyers that likened protesters in ferguson , missouri , to terrorists . a recent flyer from the klan provided by wtxl-tv is seen here . incident : the state said the murder plotting started after driver , an officer at the department of corrections reception and medical center ( pictured ) in rural north florida , had a fight with the inmate . department of corrections secretary julie jones , who was hired late last year to lead the troubled agency , called the arrests ' disquieting . ' ' we are moving swiftly to terminate the employees arrested today and working closely with office of the attorney general to assist in their prosecution , ' she said in a written statement . ' our department has zero tolerance for racism or prejudice of any kind . the actions of these individuals are unacceptable and do not , in any way , represent the thousands of good , hardworking honorable correctional officers employed at the department of corrections . ' the case will be prosecuted in columbia county in north florida . driver and moran are being held in union county jail . newcomb is in alachua county jail with bond set at $ 750,000 . frank ancona , imperial wizard of the kkk group to which the three men were said to belong , did not confirm or deny their membership . ' we at the tak do not in any way condone , tolerate , or support any type of illegal activity in our organization and because of this we would stand by any of our members pending a decision by a court of law , not a decision of the court of media or public opinion , ' ancona said .