jennifer is a huge fitness fan , and the mother of two has completed triathlons . we reveal how to get the enviable physiques of the stars . this week : jennifer lopez 's arms . she 's famous for her killer curves , but jennifer lopez 's upper-body is as impeccably toned . a huge fitness fan , the mother of two has completed triathlons . she avoids sugar and salt and tries to get eight hours ' sleep a night . she claims ' sometimes when i get home and i 'm not feeling so great , i make myself go to the gym ' . what to try : modified push-ups with your knees on the floor are n't just a cop-out for the real thing , they activate the entire upper body to get that j-lo tone . start on all fours with your hands on the floor , slightly wider apart than shoulder width . slide your knees back and raise your feet off the floor until you are in a position where you can bend the elbows to drop your chest and push back up . make sure you move the whole upper body , not just dipping your shoulders . repeat 12 to 15 times . the singer/actress shows off toned arms at the annual academy awards in february . elie saab haute couture gold gown . gold sequined silk tulle dress . visit site . jennifer lopez looks stunning on the red carpet in this beautifully crafted gown by lebanese designer elie saab . j.lo pulls off this plunging neckline with effortless style ( and looks utterly voluptuous doing so ) . her dress is embroidered with pearls , stones and sequins which seem to drip off her figure like caramel sauce on vanilla ice cream . she pairs the dress with classic drop diamond earrings , a gold clutch and matching pale pink lips and nails . wish you could look as glamorous as j.lo ? check below for affordable ways to get j.lo 's gorgeous look . aidan mattox embellished bodice taffeta gown , nordstrom . visit site . aidan mattox beaded bodice gown , antique gold , neiman marcus ( now $ 173 ) . visit site . akira black label wish you well sequin dress in gold ( now $ 20 ! ) visit site . adrianna papell gown - sleeveless v-neck disco beaded , bloomingdale 's . visit site .