the hit us tv series house of cards features francis underwood , played by kevin spacey , and his wife claire , played by robin wright . so here’s the deal . step one : book a private dining room at washington’s capital grille . step two : invite your political enemies to lunch . step three : ask the waiter for an extra-sharp steak knife . lunch is never just lunch when you’re dining in the shadow of capitol hill . it’s an exercise in power-broking and political assassination . i’d come to washington to learn some tricks from house of cards –the hit us political tv series starring kevin spacey as francis underwood – on how best to neutralise your opponents . america’s capital is filled with underwood wannabes : senators and governors with razor tongues and egos to match . the capital grille is a favoured venue for political plots . with crisply starched linen , glittering candlesticks and heavy silver cutlery , the decor suggests an atmosphere of civility and restraint , while the stuffed heads of deer and bison are redolent of a new england country mansion . but there’s a subtext to those severed heads : this is a place where the hunt always ends in a kill . i’ve been brought here by alicia malone , whose job is to sell washington to foreign visitors . the seat of the united states congress is in the united states capitol , atop capitol hill in washington . i ask if the city really functions as darkly as it does in house of cards . she swings around in her chair and points towards a closed door . ‘that’s one of the private rooms , ’ she says . ‘ and there’s a senator hosting a political lunch in there right now . ’ my imagination goes into overdrive . a corrupt governor . a call-girl . a line of cocaine . if the host was underwood , he’d certainly be exploiting it for political gain . much of the action in house of cards takes place on capitol hill , home to the senate and the house of representatives . there are tours of the vast building and it’s a good introduction to how the city ticks . my guide is martin , a preppy student with a smile like matt damon’s . the lincoln memorial was built to honour the 16th president of the united states , abraham lincoln . he whisks me around the gilded splendour of the old senate , as well as the still-functioning chamber of the new . it’s easy to forget you’re touring a working political building – a place where senators , advisers and policy wonks battle for influence . for more than two centuries , arm-twisting and bullying has been the reality of american politics . even the hallowed founding fathers relied on strong-arm tactics to pass legislation . as martin spills stories of feuds and political assassinations , i realise that men like underwood have been controlling washington ever since the birth of america . giles milton pictured at the capital grille . some of those early politicians – such as the seventh president , andrew jackson – were so fiery that they make the players in the tv series look like amateurs . president jackson’s solution to every problem was to fight a duel : martin jokes that his body was so full of lead-shot that these days he wouldn’t get through the metal-detectors at the entrance to the capitol building . washington was chosen as america’s new capital in 1790 after months of haggling and compromise . the states of maryland and virginia each agreed to donate land in order that one small area – the district of columbia ( dc ) – could be placed under the exclusive jurisdiction of congress . this holds true to this day . despite its status , the city faces a struggle to lure tourists away from new york . yet washington has many more public monuments than its rival , including the two biggest hits in america : the white house ( tours have to be reserved in advance ) and the national mall , home to the vietnam veterans memorial , the washington monument and the lincoln memorial . the latter is a vast statue built to honour abraham lincoln , america’s 16th president and considered by many to have been its greatest . us president barack obama ( left ) pays for his lunch at ben 's chili bowl restaurant ( right ) in 2009 . every politician needs to connect with his or her voters : frank underwood and barack obama are no exception . underwood’s way of connecting is to go to freddy’s bbq joint and eat ribs . when obama wants to connect , he heads 12 blocks north from the white house to the intersection of 14th street and u street . this rough-and-ready area , just below columbia heights , has been transformed into a popular shabby-chic district in recent years . more famously , it’s home to ben’s chili bowl , an all-american burger and hot-dog joint and a favourite of obama . you don’t come here for gastro-cuisine . ben’s serves junk food with a spicy twist . a plastic sign proclaims it to be ‘ a washington landmark’ . at 10am it’s doing a brisk trade in chilli-dogs dripping with cholesterol – but they certainly kick-start the morning . the smithsonian museum of natural history . the main building on the national mall contains 1.5 million square feet of space and altogether is the size of 18 football fields . washington’s biggest draw is resolutely apolitical : the smithsonian is one of the greatest museum complexes in the world . it has it all , from rembrandts to rockets , along with stuffed elephants and tribal headgear . best of all , james smithson’s legacy decreed that all the museums established with his legacy must always be free , including the smithsonian’s national zoo . sandwiched between the many museums of the smithsonian is one of the city’s least likely attractions . the us national archives viewed from the smithsonian national sculpture garden . the national archives is a classical beast of a building that displays an early copy of the magna carta ( which inspired the authors of the constitution ) , daguerreotypes of cowboy pioneers in the wild west and terrifying tracts written by the ku klux klan . the stars of the show are found in the rotunda , which houses the three documents that defined america – the declaration of independence , the constitution and the bill of rights . yellowing , faded and scarcely legible , they are powerfully emotive symbols of the american dream . all the hopes of early america are contained in these three pieces of parchment . ‘ we the people of the united states’ are the opening words of the constitution , a text that extols the lofty principles of justice , liberty and welfare – universally ignored by the characters in house of cards and , alas , by a large number of flesh-and-blood politicians . america as you like it ( americaasyoulikeit.com , 020 8742 8299 ) offers four nights at the loews madison hotel in washington from £799 per person , including return flights from heathrow . for further information , visit discoveramerica.com . 