the three daughters of a new york suv driver involved in a train wreck that claimed six lives claim that their mother ' is not a murderer ' . the defense from the daughters comes nearly two months after their mother ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in the westchester county town of valhalla . though the cause of the collision remains unknown , danielle , julia and alexa brody say that their mother has been criticized and that people have jumped to conclusions about what happened . scroll down for video . ellen brody 's ( second from right ) three daughters , alexa ( left ) , danielle ( second from left ) and julia ( right ) brody , have spoken out to say that their mother is not a murderer and that it was an accident that she drove on to the tracks . ellen brody was killed along with five passengers when a train crashed into her suv on the tracks at a railroad crossing in early february . her car had gotten stuck between the railroad crossings and instead of reversing she drove on to the tracks . visit nbcnews.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy . ' i went on google , and i searched my mom 's name and i was just reading the comments , ' julia told nbc 's matt lauer . ' and just the fact that people are like , ' you know , i do n't even feel bad for her . how could she possibly do that ? '' julia went on to admit that she first thought that a driver had intentionally driven on to the tracks , before she knew her mother was driving . ' so i was like , `` why ? why ? why would this woman do that ? ' '' when we were watching that , though , when he described the woman , i was like , `` that could 've been mommy . '' and my sisters were just like , `` julia , no , '' ' she said . according to investigators ' preliminary findings , brody 's car was in the danger zone inside railroad crossing gates for about half a minute before the train hit . brody got ahead of the crossing gate in inching traffic , then got out of her car to examine it after the gate came down and hit the back of it , a witness has said . nearly two months after the crash alexa ( left ) , julia ( center ) and danielle ( right ) brody told matt lauer that people are still jumping to conclusions about what happened . the cause of the collision remains unknown and brody 's daughters remain adamant that their mother never meant to hurt anyone . but then she got back in , seeming unhurried , and advanced onto the track , the witness told news outlets and investigators . the train 's engineer also told investigators that he saw the mercedes suv moving onto the tracks . but her daughters are adamant that their mother would n't have meant to hurt anyone . ' i know who my mom was , ' alexa told nbc . ' i know that she would never , never intentionally hurt people . ' ' a lot of times people just want to find a reason , ' danielle added . ' it 's just not true . it was an accident . ' and julia put it simply : ' she 's not a murderer , ' she said . julia ( second from left ) , danielle ( center ) and alexa ( right ) , pictured with their mother ellen ( left ) and father alan brody ( second from right ) , say when they google their mother 's name , they see that commenters have been criticizing their mother . alexa said that her mother was her best friend and that she would think of her every time she smiled . trains hit cars on the tracks many times a year , but such crashes rarely kill train riders . investigators emphasized in february that they want to figure out why this one did , becoming the deadliest accident in the 32-year history of one of the nation 's busiest commuter railroads . investigators looked for any elements that may have intensified the fire , which they believe was ignited by the suv 's gas tank . the ntsb has examined such factors as the adequacy of emergency exits , the train cars and the unusual design of the metro-north line 's third rail . there is no barrier at the crossing between the street and the tracks where the crash occurred . mta is considering all possible safety enhancements that would prevent deadly accidents in the future , the company 's chairman said . 