he only started his new job two weeks ago . but prince william confirmed yesterday that he will take his full fortnight of paternity leave when his second child is born later this month . the future king , 32 , became the most senior member of the royal family to work as an ordinary paye employee when he became a pilot for east anglian air ambulance . according to kensington palace , he plans to take time off to be with his wife and new baby , just like he did when his son , prince george , was born in 2013 . dash : prince william faces a two-hour hospital dash to be at his wife 's side when she goes into labour . the second in line to the throne will be working throughout april in three sites – cambridge , norwich and gloucestershire airport . the duchess of cambridge , meanwhile , will largely be based at their london home kensington palace . royal staff have already ruled out using a helicopter to transport william back to london , meaning the prince faces a two-hour ‘ blues and twos’ dash back to the capital . he could even risk missing the birth if their second child arrives more quickly than expected , although aides acknowledge that the scenario is unlikely . on maternity leave : the duchess wo n't be seen in public again until she leaves hospital with the new baby . frenetic : the scenes outside the lindo wing at st. mary 's hospital during prince george 's birth . there will be no lindo wing fervour like there was for george – as the press and public are banned from the street outside . sources said the couple , who do not know the baby’s sex , were ‘grateful’ for interest in their new arrival – who will be fourth in line to the throne – but want to avoid a ‘ media circus’ . they have also vowed not to make a public announcement until at least 8am the next day if the baby is born after 10pm , and not before they have informed their families – including prince harry , who is likely to be in australia when the baby arrives . they also made clear that kate , who has been staying at the couple’s new country home in norfolk , anmer hall , plans to return to the capital soon and intends to give birth at the lindo wing of st mary’s hospital , where a natural birth costs up to £10,000 . her team will be led by guy thorpe-beeston , surgeon gynaecologist to the royal household . the doctor , who says he likes to ‘ keep things simple’ by ‘ offering honest advice’ , specialises in pre-natal diagnosis , deliveries and ultrasound . he graduated from cambridge university in 1984 and worked at king’s hospital in london before becoming a consultant in foetal medicine at chelsea and westminster in 1996 . safety first : contingency plans have been put in place in case kate is outside of london when labour starts . crazy : preparations for a media pen outside the lindo wing ahead of the april 25th birth are underway . not long to go : the duchess , seen here at events last month , still does n't know the sex of her child . contingency plans have been put in place at other hospitals – addenbrooke’s in cambridge and the royal berkshire , close to kate’s parents – should the duchess , 33 , go into labour outside of the capital . kate , whose public duties ended last month , has not specified how much maternity leave she intends to take . but sources have told the mail that she will return to kensington palace to recuperate before travelling to norfolk to set up home at anmer hall . an aide said : ‘ her focus will be on her family over the summer . ’ with an imminent general election , aides were also asked whether they might time their announcement around the campaign , but one quipped : ‘ babies arrive when they arrive ! ’ excited : prince george is apparently looking forward to the impending birth according to his parents . delighted : the couple also revealed their delight at receiving warm wishes from around the world . a spokesman for the couple added yesterday they were touched by the public reaction to the birth of their new baby , who will be fourth in line to the throne . in a statement about the impending royal arrival , he said : ‘ the duke and duchess are hugely grateful for the warm wishes they have received from people throughout the uk and indeed around the world over the last few months . ‘ they know that people are excited prince george will soon have a little brother or sister and it means a great deal to them that so many will be celebrating this important moment for their family . ‘ they are very appreciative that so many people share their excitement as they await the arrival of their second baby . ’