an actor who appeared on the long-running sitcom good times has died . ben powers played the character of thelma 's husband keith in the show 's sixth and final season between 1978-1979 . he passed away at his new bedford , massachusetts home on april 6 at the age of 64 . his family has not revealed the cause of his death . powers ' on-screen wife bern nadette stanis wrote an emotion message on facebook on thursday to mark the actor 's death . actor ben powers ( left ) died april 6 at the age of 64 . he is best known for his part on the cbs sitcom good times , playing the husband of main character thelma ( right , played by bern nadette stanis ) . ' my condolences goes out to the family of ben powers who past a few days ago . he was a great actor and great friend who is gone too soon . he will be missed by many . until next lifetime my friend , ' stanis wrote . good times focused on the family of florida and james evans and their children j.j. , thelma and michael , living in a chicago housing project . the show was a spin-off of another series , maude , which was also spin-off of all in the family . in the third episode of the final season , thelma gets married to a professional football player named keith ( played by powers ) but their marriage runs into problems when he gets injured . powers was born in brooklyn and raised by his grandparents in providence , rhode island . before getting into acting , he studied painting and sketching at the rhode island school of design . he was discovered while performing stand-up routines in providence . in addition to his work on good times , powers also played the character of moochie on cbs detective drama mickey spillane 's mike hammer between 1984 and 1985 . he also had guest appearances on shows like gim me a break , flamingo road , the greatest american hero and laverne & shirley . some of his film credits include cheech & chong 's next movie in 1980 , things are tough all over in 1982 , and the man who loved women in 1983 which starred burt reynolds . powers is survived by his mother and two sisters .