eloise parry , known as ella , 21 , died this week after taking a lethal overdose of diet pills . this week , a 21-year-old university student died after taking a lethal dose of diet pills . eloise parry , known as ella , ' burned up from the inside , after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp . after taking the tablets her metabolism began to soar and she started to overheat . while doctors desperately tried to stabilise her , she died just three hours later . her mother issued a stark warning about buying diet pills online , saying her daughter never intended to take her own life , she just did n't understand the danger of taking an overdose of the tablets . here , dr simon cotton , a senior lecturer in chemistry at the university of birmingham , explains how dnp came to be used as a diet pill , and why it the chemical is so dangerous… . writing for the conversation , dr cotton said : eloise aimee parry was the latest of a string of young people to fall victim to the chemical 2,4-dinitrophenol , known as dnp . it is a very dangerous chemical and scientists have been aware of this for nearly a century . during world war i , dnp was sometimes used to fill armour-piercing shells , as a mixture with picric acid , known as shellite or tridite . an explosion in a munitions factory at rainham in essex in 1916 was attributed to the chemical . just like tnt it was found to be toxic to the munitions workers handling it . many of them lost weight dramatically and some even died simply by absorbing it through their skin . the commercial use of dnp is as a pesticide or herbicide and , in 2009 , 11 workers in a chinese chemical factory – plus nine of their relatives – contracted dnp poisoning , their skins turned yellow or even black and two died . after world war i , scientists at stanford university investigated dnp to see if it was a useful slimming aid . they established that the chemical boosted metabolism by up to 50 per cent , leading to considerable weight loss without dieting . eloise parry , known as ella , ' burned up from the inside , after swallowing the highly-toxic substance known as dinitrophenol , or dnp . ella 's mother said her daughter never intended to take her own life , she just did n't understand the danger of taking an overdose of the tablets . ella is pictured in 2001 . however , they also found out that there were a number of side effects ( including cataracts ) and that the safety margin was too slim . firms started selling it direct to customers which meant that people were taking it without medical supervision – and fatalities resulted . when one man died , they measured his temperature – it was 110°f ( 43°c ) . dnp was banned in the united states under the food , drug , and cosmetic act of 1938 ; the us food and drug administration said that dnp was too toxic to be used under any circumstance . fiona parry , 51 , has issued a stark warning against diet pills following her daughter 's death . dnp went underground for years , but it was again marketed in the 1980s as a `` weight-loss without dieting '' drug – and , more recently , the internet has given it a wider circulation , describing it as a `` safe weight-loss drug '' . anything but . extravagant claims were made by people who said that they lost 20 pounds in 12 days by taking it ; it was promoted as ' the king of the fat-loss drugs ' . and of course the health problems and fatalities associated with its use returned . not for human consumption . how dnp works was discovered in 1948 . the chemical helps to move protons across membranes in cells . this results in a reduction in the production of atp ( adenosine triphosphate , the molecule that transports energy within cells , the body 's ' energy currency ' ) . this means that much of the energy usually generated in respiration is instead wasted as heat ( which can lead to fatal hyperthermia ) . the body compensates by speeding up metabolism in order to produce the energy needed to maintain the body . this increase in metabolic rate results in the consumption of fat and carbohydrate as they are turned into energy . the people marketing it may hedge around with labels saying `` not for human consumption '' , but obviously consumers do not get the guidance that would be given if they were getting a medication from their doctor . a 27-year-old woman who wanted to lose weight bought some over the internet ; she wanted faster results so she took double the recommended dose . it killed her . there have been a number of fatalities in the uk caused by dnp . in 2013 , an 18-year-old rugby player named chris mapletoft died after taking dnp . scientists warn dnp is highly toxic . it was originally used in weapons in world war 1 and is used commercially as a pesticide . the preceding year a 28-year old high wycombe bodybuilder , sean cleathero , died after his temperature rose to 42°c when he consumed dnp at his gym . that same year a 23-year-old leeds university medical student , sarah houston , died after consuming dnp that she 'd bought over the internet . her father said : ' for those who are selling it , if you have any ounce of decency , you must stop . ' in 2004 the uk food standards agency advised consumers not to take any product containing dnp at any level : `` this chemical is not suitable for human consumption . '' all sorts of promises are made on the internet about dnp . but if something sounds too good to be true , then it probably is n't . in the case of 2,4-dinitrophenol , it 's also deadly . 