tony pulis returned to selhurst park for the first time since he left crystal palace and masterminded a victory which pulled his west bromwich albion side to the edge of safety . alan pardew tried new ideas on the pitch to outwit pulis but an early goal from james morrison and stunner from craig gardner meant he could not deliver a satisfying result against the man who left palace two days before this season kicked off . despite the timing of his departure , however , there was very little bad blood between palace’s fans and pulis who was roundly applauded as he came out from the tunnel in the corner of a ground where the seats are close to the pitch and the crowd can be unforgiving . a few boos broke the surface , but they were drowned out by waves of the respect he deserved for saving them from relegation last season , during his 10-month tenure , when he won the premier league lma manager of the year award . west brom midfielder craig gardner celebrates having scored the second for tony pulis ' side with a fine long ranged effort . before two minutes on the clock , james morrison ( right ) headed west brom ahead following a corner from team-mate chris brunt . the west brom players race to congratulate morrison ( top left ) , who headed the away side in front against crystal palace on saturday .  crystal palace ( 4-3-3 ) : speroni 6 ; ward 6 , delaney 6 , dann 6 , ledley 6 ( souare 46 6 ) ; mcarthur 6 ( sanogo 80 ) , jedinak 6 ( gayle 46 6 ) , puncheon 6.5 ; zaha 6.5 , murray 6.5 , bolasie 8 . subs not used : hennessey , hangeland , kelly , ameobi . manager : alan pardew 5.5 . booked : puncheon , dann , bolasie . west brom ( 4-4-2 ) : myhill 8.5 ; dawson 6 ( wisdom 71 6 ) , mcauley 6.5 , lescott 6.5 , brunt 7 ; morrison 7 , fletcher 6 , yacob 6 , gardner 7.5 ( olsson 81 ) ; berahino 6 ( baird 88 ) , anichebe 6 . subs not used : rose , mcmanaman , sessegnon , ideye . manager : tony pulis 7.5 . booked : mcauley , gardner , brunt . referee : jonathan moss 7 . motm : myhill . attendance : 24,765 .  craig gardner scored a fine long range effort at selhurst park ( above ) . click here to see more from sportsmail 's match zone . ‘ you never know what to expect , ’ pulis said in regard to returning to a former club . ‘ they did well for me last year and i hope i repaid them a little bit in respect to what we did in the dressing room and on the pitch . ‘ it is a good club . it has got unbelievable potential and i mean that . the supporters are wonderful and they have a good manager . they can push on – if alan is given the money and the opportunity to push this club forward this club could be a good club . ’ yannick bolasie even made the effort to go over and shake pulis’ hand as he strolled down the touchline . yet the south london locals would not have been expecting what came within two minutes of kick off when west brom took the lead . chris bunt swung in a corner from the left and james morrison managed to lose palace midfielder jason puncheon and nod in , completely free , from five yards out . some of puncheon’s team-mates looked around in disbelief that the west brom man was afforded so much space in the box . ‘ that was a weakness in our set up that tony exploited , ’ pardew admitted . ‘ it was well worked . their guy took puncheon to the edge of the box where he is not comfortable marking . ‘ we knew tony would know the players well , know the strengths and weaknesses , i tried to throw a few ideas in on the pitch . they didn’t come off . crystal palace winger yannick bolasie greets former eagles boss tony pulis ( right ) before kick-off at selhurst park on saturday afternoon . claudio yacob of west brom ( right ) tracks the run of crystal palace 's wilfried zaha during their premier league clash in south london . mile jedinak of crystal palace ( right ) battles with victor anichebe of west bromwich albion for possession in the air at selhurst park . west brom captain darren fletcher ( right ) celebrates with goalscorer james morrison after his early header at crystal palace . ‘ our fans are terrific in terms of the understanding of what tony did here last year , they respected that . people know tony does an honest job , he plays the game his way and we respect that . ’ despite that early set back , however , crystal palace started to play the eye-catching football that has made pardew so popular in these parts during his short spell in charge . and it was all coming through their main man , bolasie , on the left . in the 24th minute he weaved into the box , played a one-two then poked an effort towards the near post which west brom goalkeeper boaz myhill did well to save with his feet . three minutes later he cut in from his flank and bent an effort towards the far corner that myhill clawed out . then , just after the half-hour , a ball came in from the opposite flank from joel ward , was headed on by glenn murray and bolasie executed a sublime bicycle kick , only to be denied by myhill once again . if pulis , dressed in his usual full tracksuit , trainers and cap on the touchline , provided this crystal palace team with the spine and solidity to compete in the top flight , pardew , resplendent in suit and tie , has given them the suave and flair to delight . in this instance , pulis’ resilient style prevailed and against the run of play they added a second on 53 minutes . the ball came out from a west brom corner and gardner took a touch before , 30 yards out and slightly to the right of goal , he buried a right-foot strike over julian speroni into the left of goal . it is almost mission accomplished for pulis at west brom as they moved to 36 points and put a healthy gap between themselves and the bottom three . crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur controls the ball with west brom 's chris brunt fast approaching at selhurst park . victor anichebe of west brom takes on scott dann ( left ) and jason puncheon of crystal palace ( right ) during the premier league contest . chris brunt of west brom and glenn murray of crystal palace vie for possession during the premier league match at selhurst park . gardner lets fly with this long range strike , which ended up doubling west brom 's lead at the selhurst park on saturday afternoon . the west brom midfielder is congratulated by team-mate joleon lescott ( right ) as he celebrates his fine solo strike in the second-half . west brom keeper boaz myhill falls in to the goal netting after failing to keep out craig gardner 's long range strike on saturday . pape n'diaye souare of crystal palace ( left ) and james morrison of west brom compete for the ball during the premier league clash . crystal palace winger yannick bolasie ( right ) was lively once again but could n't stop alan pardew 's side falling to a 2-0 home defeat . west brom manager tony pulis ( centre ) barks out the instructions on the touchline as he witnessed his side take three valuable points . victor anichebe of west brom and pape n'diaye souare of crystal palace challenge for the ball at selhurst park during their league contest . crystal palace 's striker yaya sanogo scores only for his goal to be disallowed during the 2-0 defeat to west brom on saturday . both sets of players vie for the ball as a cross heads into the box at selhurst park as west brom defeated the south londoners 2-0 on saturday .