newcastle will be keen to avoid a third defeat on the spin when they take on rivals sunderland in sunday’s crunch derby after floundering in recent weeks without banned striker papiss cisse . it is dick advocaat’s side who are struggling at the foot of the barclays premier league table – sitting perilously one point above the bottom three - but sportsmail can reveal that john carver’s team would be two points adrift of their foes in the relegation zone if it weren’t for cisse’s goals . the senegal forward is newcastle’s top scorer this season with 11 goals , with 10 of those decisive in changing games in the magpies’ favour . papiss cisse is newcastle 's top scorer this season with 11 goals - 10 of those were decisive . 20 september hull ( h ) 2-2 ( 2 goals ) . 4 october swansea ( a ) 2-2 ( 2 goals ) . 2 december burnley ( a ) 1-1 ( 1 goal ) . 6 december chelsea ( h ) 2-1 ( 2 goals ) . 26 december man utd ( a ) 1-3 ( 1 goal ) . 28 december everton ( h ) 3-2 ( 1 goal ) . 11 february crystal palace ( a ) 1-1 ( 1 goal ) . 28 february aston villa ( h ) ( 1 goal ) . since his double against hull rescued a 2-2 draw in september , cisse has earned newcastle 11 points with his goalscoring heroics — almost single-handedly lifting them to mid-table . take those goals away and the premier league reads somewhat differently . newcastle languish in 18th place on 24 points in the fantasy table behind sunderland on 26 . they would have scored just 22 times — the second fewest in the division behind aston villa — and won only six games . six of cisse’s strikes have been against sides in the bottom half and burnley , hull , everton , and villa would have leapfrogged a newcastle side shorn of the striker . after his brace against steve bruce’s side , cisse scored another double to clinch a 2-2 draw against swansea two weeks later . his next goal was a second-half equaliser in a 1-1 with burnley in december and , four days later , hit another two to seal a 2-1 victory over chelsea . later that month he netted in a 3-2 triumph over everton while in february he scored against his former manager alan pardew at crystal palace in a 1-1 draw . cisse also supplied the cutting edge to snatch a 1-0 victory against villa . the senegalese striker is currently serving a seven-game ban after clashing with jonny evans . 5 april sunderland ( a ) . 13 april liverpool ( a ) . 19 april tottenham ( h ) . 25 april swansea ( h ) . 2 may leicester ( a ) . his only goal which hasn’t had affected the outcome of a match was a late consolation penalty in a 3-1 defeat at old trafford on boxing day . even when cisse hasn’t found the net , however , he still has a beneficial impact . newcastle have a points-to-games ratio of 1.37 when the striker plays but just 0.9 when he doesn’t . in reality , there is little cause for concern as carver’s side currently sit 10 points clear of the drop zone . but after their trip to the stadium of light they will face top-four chasing liverpool and tottenham in the coming weeks . newcastle will be hoping they aren’t looking over their shoulders when cisse returns for their final three games of the campaign . cisse nets against burnley at turf moor , a goal that saw newcastle earn a point in december . 