the company which owns the hogwarts express and offers steam train excursions across some of britain’s most picturesque routes has been temporarily banned from operating following the ‘ most serious’ case of a near collision so far this year . services by west coast railways have been suspended following the incident on march 7 in which a train failed to stop at a signal . according to reports , a 100mph collision between a steam excursion and a first great western high speed train was missed by barely a minute . scroll down for video . fanfare : actor mark williams aka arthur weasley in harry potter films , unveils the hogwarts express train at the harry potter studio tour at leavesden , where it is business as usual this easter . but west coast railways , which own the train that was used in the films , have had services suspended after near miss . the nationwide ban by network rail is the first since privatisation , indicating the gravity of the incident . wcr , based in carnforth , lancashire , owns a fleet of steam locomotives including olton hall , the train used as the hogwarts express in the harry potter films . the 78-year-old steam train that operated throughout the film franchise was installed at a new extension of the harry potter tour at warner bros studios in leavesden last month . platform 9 ¾ , which gives harry potter fans the chance to climb aboard the train’s carriage and to pose with a luggage trolley as it disappears through the platform wall , is operating as normal . the network rail ban means chartered services , including those on the west highland line taking in fort william , and settle to carlisle line in the yorkshire dales , can not run until may 15 . in the meantime wcr needs to take a number of steps to address network rail’s concerns . the suspension notice states : ‘ network rail has had concerns about wcr’s performance of its safety obligations for some time , and recent events lead network rail to believe that the operations of wcr are a threat to the safe operation of the railway . ’ network rail told rail magazine that wcr had ‘ demonstrated that its controls , communication and commitment following the recent [ incident ] were inadequate’ . ' this ranked as the most serious signal passed at danger spad that has taken place this year when the industry risk ranking methodology was applied . '    