a telescopic tube that scans the lungs for cancer is being used by nhs doctors , cutting diagnosis time from days to just 30 minutes . when tumours in the lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests and even surgery to find out if they have the disease , often resulting in an agonising wait before they start lifesaving treatment . now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust ( uclh ) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure . it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer . scroll down for video . a finger-width flexible tube called an endobronchial ultrasound ( ebus ) allows doctors to see inside the lungs and take a tissue sample in one go . the procedure involves inserting the ebus down the throat , guided by a tiny camera fitted to the tube . an ultrasound scanner attached to one end of the tube takes a scan while a small needle takes a tissue sample . findings from a three-year trial at uclh reveal that the method halves the time it takes between a patient’s first hospital appointment and for a decision to be made on the best course of treatment . ebus patients wait an average of 14 days for a decision , compared with 29 days for those diagnosed via more conventional techniques . and as well as getting a quicker diagnosis , patients who have undergone ebus survive for longer . doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust ( pictured ) are able to start vital treatment much sooner using a single procedure . they survive for 503 days after diagnosis , compared with 312 days for people assessed through more traditional methods . this is probably due to the fact that ebus can more accurately diagnose the type of cancer involved and therefore the type of treatment needed . consultant dr neal navani , who has been testing the technique , said the results had been so impressive that he now hoped the procedure would be rolled out across the nhs . ‘ ebus routinely prevents the need for scans , tests and operations and speeds up the route to the correct treatment , ’ he says . he adds : ‘ the trial showed that the new procedure is quicker and better – it halves the time to the start of treatment at no additional cost . ’ bbc political editor nick robinson announced that doctors found a tumour on his lung earlier this year . more than 40,000 people are diagnosed with lung cancer in the uk every year , yet the disease is notoriously difficult to treat as it is often spotted at a late stage . the bbc’s political editor nick robinson announced earlier this year that doctors had found a tumour on his lung , and he has since undergone a successful operation to remove the growth . diagnosing lung cancer can be a challenge – x-rays are not always definitive as it is hard to distinguish between cancer and other lung conditions . a biopsy is the traditional way to check conclusively whether a patient has lung cancer . however , obtaining a tissue sample can be difficult as lung cancer often spreads to the lymph nodes in the chest and these are hard to reach . this means that surgery may be necessary before a doctor can be sure that the disease is present , resulting in a wait for results . the health of many cancer patients can deteriorate because these delays mean they are not started immediately on lifesaving treatments such as chemotherapy . by comparison , the ebus allows doctors to look directly into the windpipe and breathing tubes , while the ultrasound scanner can check the lymph glands in the centre of the chest for cancer . one patient who received faster treatment thanks to the ebus technique is retired sales worker maureen mullen . the 65-year-old from borehamwood , hertfordshire , had already had a tumour removed from her lung in september 2013 , and underwent a double mastectomy the following march after being diagnosed with breast cancer . then in june last year , she began to feel breathless while on holiday in spain . when she returned home to britain , she was given the devastating news that she had a new lump behind her breastbone . her doctors could not be sure what type of cancer it was without investigating further , so they recommended she have the pioneering ebus procedure . ‘ they said i was a very sick lady , ’ reveals maureen . ‘ my consultant explained the procedure to me and i was taken into the operating theatre and sedated . it was all over so quickly – there were no side effects from the procedure , no dry mouth or sluggishness , and i felt really positive about the whole process . ’ the ebus revealed maureen had small cell carcinoma , a form of lung cancer that can spread quickly , and she needed a course of chemotherapy immediately . she started treatment the next day , and after six months of chemo , the tumour was gone . ‘ the ebus was brilliantly efficient , ’ adds maureen . ‘ by 4pm that day , my cancer had been diagnosed and the appropriate chemotherapy was ordered for me to start the next day . ‘ had i had a traditional biopsy , who knows where i’d be . ’ 