a university of south carolina ex-sorority girl has been suspended after she was pictured writing that 'n*****s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room . the white female student , who has not been identified , was captured in a snapchat photo detailing several ' reasons why usc wifi blows ' on the board at the university in columbia , south carolina . her reasons included ' incompetent ' professors , ' ratchets ' , an ' overpopulated campus ' and parking . but at the top of the list was the word 'n*****s ' . her actions were captured by a fellow student . scroll down for video . suspended : this university of south carolina student has been suspended after she was pictured writing that 'n*****s ' were to blame for the campus 's poor internet connection on a whiteboard in a study room . after the shocking image was posted online , the girl , who was a member of the campus 's kappa delta chapter sorority until last year , was identified by other students and condemned for the slur . however , she is yet to be named by school officials . now , university president harris pastides has announced that the student has been suspended - and is also facing a usc code of conduct inquiry . in a statement , mr pastides said : ' the unfortunate and disappointing act of a student in a study room has challenged the carolina community to reflect on our values and tell the world what we believe . ' respect for all is at the heart of the carolinian creed , the code by which we agree to abide . racist and uncivil rhetoric have no place at the university of south carolina . ' campus : after the picture was posted online , the girl , who was a member of the university 's ( pictured ) kappa delta chapter sorority until last year , was identified by other students and condemned for the slur . shocking : the image marks the third racially-charged incident on a college campus in the past week . at duke university , a noose was found hanging from a tree . the student responsible is no longer on campus . he added that the school 's board of trustees has endorsed the suspension , according to multiple media outlets . a school spokesman would not comment on whether the girl faces expulsion . the picture marks the third racially-charged incident on a college campus in the past week . three students at bucknell university were expelled for making racist comments during a march 20 campus radio broadcast . meanwhile , at duke university , a noose was found hanging from a tree . a student has admitted to placing the noose on the tree , and is no longer on campus , officials said , although disciplinary actions are pending and criminal charges are under consideration . protest : duke students ashton pemberton , left , and denzel caldwell rally with hundreds of others during a university-wide forum on april 1 outside duke chapel after the noose was discovered hanging from a tree .