a former premier league striker urged a footballer at a struggling non-league club to make some ' easy money ' by fixing the result of a match , a court has heard . ex-bolton wanderers forward delroy facey , 34 , is also alleged to have told a contact that some football conference teams would ' do ' a game in return for payment . facey , whose former clubs include hull city and west bromwich albion , is accused of conspiring with non-league player moses swaibu and others to commit bribery . delroy facey ( right ) arrives at birmingham crown court for the start of his trial on monday . he is accused of being involved in a plot to fix lower league football matches . facey ( right ) is alleged to have contacted a non-league player via whatsapp to fix matches . facey ( right ) celebrates after scoring for bolton wanderers in the premier league in 2003 . on the second day of a trial at birmingham crown court , prosecutor nick mather claimed records of online messages showed facey had approached footballers about ' throwing ' lower league matches . in one text conversation , conducted on messaging service whatsapp in late 2013 , facey is alleged to have tried to corrupt greater manchester-based hyde fc player scott spencer by offering him £2,000 . the court heard that facey , of huddersfield , made contact with mr spencer shortly after discussing hyde 's poor run of form with a convicted match-fixer . mr spencer , who the court heard was not involved in any form of match-fixing , is alleged to have been messaged by facey , who told him : ' you lot ( hyde ) get rinsed out , week in , week out . defendant moses swaibu ( right ) on the ball during an fa cup match between lincoln and bolton in 2010 . ' you lot should make some money out of this lad , easy money . ' check this out . four goals in a game - two in either half - and you guys can get 2k each , win lose or draw . ' you guys ca n't win for s*** so you may as well make some peas . ' during the whatsapp conversation , which was read to jurors by mr mather , facey is alleged to have added that a friend who was betting would provide the cash . addressing the jury on the second day of his opening speech , mr mather claimed facey was attempting to bribe mr spencer and team-mates that he trusted into fixing a match . facey ( top ) in action for west brom during a match against norwich city in march 2004 . mr mather further alleged that facey told a convicted match-fixer in another message : ' i have got ( football ) conference teams that will ' do ' a game but how much ? ' transcripts of messages which passed between facey and 43-year-old krishna ganeshan , who was found guilty of conspiracy at an earlier trial , were also shown to the jury . in an exchange on october 28 2013 , the court heard , ganeshan used skype to contact facey , telling him : ' get ready , things are about to come to life . keep your boys on stand-by . ' if they deliver first time , me and only you are in big business for the future . ' huddersfield 's facey ( left ) vies with brentford 's michael dobson during an old second division match in 2002 . the crown claims the skype discussion - and a message sent by facey claiming six players in the football conference were ' amenable ' to match-fixing - could not have been part of an attempt to rip off a gambling syndicate . mr mather told the jury : ' it may be suggested to you that what delroy facey was actually up to was trying to scam people who were betting on football matches . ' the prosecution say that is not the case . ' facey and swaibu , 25 , of bermondsey , south london , deny conspiring together and with others to commit bribery between november 1 and 27 2013 . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .