the woolly mammoth became extinct as a result of crippling bone disease that left them unable to fend off predators , according to startling new evidence from russia . it was previously thought that the hairy beast simply died out from post-ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man . but now a new theory is set to re-write the history books after the examination of more than 23,500 mammoth bones found them riddled with osteoporosis and lacking in calcium . dr leshchinsky , the head of the laboratory of mesozoic and cenozoic continental eco-systems , said : ' in some collections that we examined almost 100 per cent of the bones ( pictured ) had signs of osteoporosis ' . the major mineral deficiency - which came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water - resulted in them breaking their limbs and spines , and left them unable to walk . in turn it meant the giant animal , which stood 10ft ( three metres ) high , eventually collapsed to the ground and could not forage for food , or flee hunters . according to the siberian times , the new evidence was uncovered by dr sergey leshchinsky , from tomsk state university . he spent a decade analysing bone and teeth samples from mammoths that roamed western europe and russia between 10,000 and 30,000 years ago . until now it was thought that the woolly mammoth simply died out from post-ice age climate change and being hunted to extinction by early man ( analysis of bones at mammoth ' graveyard ' pictured ) . one mammoth graveyard where many bones have been found is in lugovskoe , russia . shown is a young mammoth jaw riddled with bone disease . according to the siberian times , the new evidence was uncovered by dr sergey leshchinsky , from tomsk state university . the deficiency in calcium - which came from the impact of rising temperatures on soil and water - resulted in mammoths breaking their bones ( example pictured ) limbs and spines , leaving them unable to walk . since the 1700s scientists have debated what caused the demise of mammoths . all but a few isolated island populations disappeared between 20,000 and 10,000 years ago . one popular theory , bolstered by this study , is that ice age people hunted most of the mammoths out of existence . however , some experts argue that global warming helped make the giant creatures extinct between 20,000 and 25,000 years ago . other researchers argue that an impact of extraterritorial objects in north america 13,000 years ago , led to rapid climate change , eventually wiping out the mammoths . today , it 's thought that a combination of factors led to extinction . but now a new theory - osteoperosis - might need to be added to the list . dr leshchinsky , the head of the laboratory of mesozoic and cenozoic continental eco-systems , said : ' in some collections that we examined , almost 100 per cent of the bones had signs of osteoporosis . ' obviously , this led to a high traumatism among animals , such as sprains and fractures because of the smallest loads . ' mammoths with damaged limbs or spines could not find food in sufficient quantities and lost the ability to follow the herd . ' those who lagged behind the herd quickly became the prey of predators . ' roughly the same size as a modern african elephant , the woolly mammoth is widely thought to have become extinct as a direct result of climate change . most experts say warming temperatures - twinned with rising sea levels - following the last ice age all but wiped out their traditional habitats about 20,000 years ago . however , others say they lived long past this era and were finally hunted to death by early humans , with remains found in the russian arctic showing they existed just 3,700 years ago . now the scientific world will be excited by the emerging evidence that bone disease , and a chronic lack of calcium , could instead be to blame . shown left and right are mammoth statues in khanty-mansiysk . the research , if proven true , would provide a somewhat unusual explanation for how woolly mammoths died out . experts spent a decade analysing bone and teeth samples from mammoths ( ' graveyard ' pictured ) that roamed western europe and russia between 10,000 and 30,000 years ago . dr leshchinsky , who wrote about his findings in the archaeological and anthropological sciences journal , added : ' the articular surfaces of the limb bones in some specimens were not just damaged , they were mutilated with disease . ' the most typical signs were osteoporosis , osteofibrosis , osteomalacia , osteolysis , cartilage atrophy and fractures resulting in the formation of false joints , ulcers and friction grooves . ' the palaeontologist said that in his opinion the cause of the deaths was a metabolic disorder caused by mineral starvation . it is thought that mammoths did try to make up for their calcium shortfall by eating clay on the waterfronts or in mud baths , but it was not in sufficient quantities to strengthen bones . often dubbed the ' old person 's disease ' in humans osteoporosis is a condition that weakens bones and makes them fragile and more likely to break . it affects about three million people in the uk and one in 10 receives hospital treatment for fractures from falling down .