i am not vain , rich or brave enough to face plastic surgery , when my mother rang for her weekly chat and i was feeling ancient after spotting a new wrinkle , i probed her for beauty advice . if i was feeling old , she , with a nearly 40-year-old daughter , must be feeling ancient - yet she looked great . at 65 , she could easily pass for ten years younger . scroll down for video . sarah 's face was transformed after the exercises . she 's pictured before ( left ) and after ( right ) . ' i thank my genes , the fact i 've never tried a cigarette and the facial stretches i 've been doing for 30 years , ' she said . ah , those . i remember my mum slathered in vaseline , gurning in a club sport tracksuit while i ate my coco pops , invariably wearing the deely bobbers i insisted on sleeping in between 1983 and 85 . so they worked ? my mother swore they did . facial exercises have been around as long as youth has been considered the hallmark of beauty , with some claiming cleopatra was the first celebrity fan . the first official guide , however , was published in paris in 1710 , outlining the beauty routine of ninon de l'enclose , a courtesan famed for her lasting beauty . nearly two centuries later , sanford bennett - a notoriously wrinkle-free san franciscan 70-year-old - released his book , exercising in bed , which gave away his facial secrets . from then on , facial exercisers came thick and fast . jack lalanne , the funny hollywood guy permanently in tight lycra was the visage visionary of the fifties , right up to the eighties . today , however , the go-to expert is carole maggio , the la-based creator of facercise , with a celebrity and royalty-packed client list . the furrow smoother . this involves spreading my fingers across the centre of my forehead , then pulling my fingertips down while pushing my brows up so i look very confused . i had to hold this tension for 30 seconds while staring at the ceiling . the furrow smoother involves spreading the fingers across the centre of the forehead for 30 seconds . sarah pulls her fingertips down while pushing her brows up to work her forehead muscles . the lip lift . this is an exercise which requires a joker smile that moves up and down an inch using visualisation . ' imagine a plumber bent over in low-slung levi 's , ' maggio encourages . ' now move your mouth to express that - ew - and hold it . ' maggio encourages exercises to form an ' ew ' expression of disgust and hold it to lift the lips . the nose transformer . this is n't pretty either . it requires me to push up the tip of my nose with my index finger while pulling my upper lip down for a count of 40 . all of these exercises are performed while looking at myself so i can see that i resemble a tired-looking miss piggy with a hangover . but i feel the burn . the burn ! the burn that means it 's working ! the next day , after my first facial workout , i wake up to a face as sore as my glutes were after i took my first spin class in 2004 , but i push on with my exercises . the nose transformer was so tough that sarah 's face muscles were still and sore the next day . ' after six days of doing her exercises twice a day , i could see significant improvement , ' a gorgeous gal pal , also in her 50s , told me . her nickname is maggio the magician and i needed her to work her magic on my ageing face . luckily , her books and dvds are available on amazon and ship within days . carole 's first foolproof tips seem easy enough to do : sleep on your back without any pillows under your neck and try to avoid carbs after 5pm . she also advises drinking more water and eating more protein . these things instantly help everyone 's appearance as they get older , apparently . the dvd and guidebook then go through a series of exercises that carole promises will take the years off and plump up my ageing skin . so . now my new gym routine is less about getting sweaty in lycra and more about sitting in front of a mirror pulling a series of scary , exaggerated expressions , working my 57 facial muscles while sitting with my butt clenched and back straight . i work my way through the exercises without any problems - although it hurts more than i thought it would . i am a sit-down-with-a-cheese-sandwich-and-a-jane-austen-novel kind of girl rather than a natural gym bunny , but even i 'm shocked my face aches this much . i am feeling the desired burn in places i never knew i had . facial exercising is not for the lazy - it takes about 20 minutes a day and it really does hurt in places - but after two weeks my husband is convinced he can see a difference , and i feel a bit more plumped up ; more ruddy farmer 's wife than aging , old crone . my upper lip is definitely fuller and for the first time in my life i feel bee-stung enough to try red lipstick . do i look younger ? i 'd say so . fresher ? indeed . perhaps face exercise really are the key to facing forward ? www.facercise.com . 