the family of one anzac veteran were thrilled to receive news from a stranger this week that their relative 's war medal had been unearthed in an east melbourne park . fossicker ashley manzie was combing the park with his metal detector when he discovered a medal belonging to frederick george biddulph , who served with the 23rd australian infantry battalion at gallipolli between 1914 and 1915 . mr manzie posted photos of the silver medal to an online fossicking forum , which led him to sydney man stephen norton - biddulph 's great-nephew . ' at first i thought it was a scam or someone trying to sell me something , ' mr norton told daily mail australia . ' i just could n't believe it - i thought wow - and then i was really confused . ' rare find : ashley manzie unearthed the ww1 star medal when he was combing a melbourne park with his metal detector last week . mr norton , who has been researching his family history for ' a very long time ' says the discovery has raised more questions than it has answered . he thinks the inscribed medal does n't belong to frederick at all , but to his brother lewis william biddulph . ' frederick never went to war . he 'd lost two fingers blowing up fish so he would n't have been accepted to fight , ' said mr norton . ' we think his younger brother lewis , who had a slight hearing problem , may have used his name to sign up . ' it means that a grave in melbourne 's springvale cemetery bearing a plaque with frederick 's name is probably not his either . instead , it records the date of lewis 's death , or ' bunny ' as he was called in the family ' because he was so fast . ' norton recently discovered that frederick had actually died nine years before ' bunny ' in new zealand . frederick biddulph 's plaque at melbourne 's springvale cemetery probably belongs to his brother lewis , who joined the army in his name because he had poor hearing . frederick biddulph ( left ) pictured with stephen norton 's grandfather , thomas driscoll , and another brother , bill . stephen norton says tracing the family history has been difficult because it seems the men changed their names a number of times in order to get into the service . he says the only thing he knows for sure is that there were three brothers who went off to ww1 from tasmania - and that they all came back alive . the other brothers were benjamin william , who was awarded the gallipoli medal , and david tasman . according to national records , the 23rd battalion with which bunny served landed at anzac cove in september 1914 . the troops manned lone pine , ' one of the most trying parts of the anzac frontline ' until they left gallipoli in december 1915 . norton says his own grandfather - bunny 's brother - fought in the battle of fromelles in france . ' he was a machine-gunner who was caught on the wire and spent years as a prisoner of war in germany before making it back to australia , ' norton says . ' somehow they all made it home . ' from the archives : frederick ( left ) whose name is inscribed on the ww1 medal , never joined the army because he lost two fingers ' blowing up fish ' before the war . the lost medal is instead thought to have belonged to his brother , lewis 'bunny' biddulph . fossicker ashley manzie says it made his year to be able to return the medal to a living relative ahead of the anzac day centenary this weekend . some of manzie 's other finds with the silver war medal . fossicker ashley manzie says he was ' blown away ' to unearth the medal so close to the 100 year anzac day anniversary . he says he found stephen norton after ' researching his heart out ' with other members of the australian metal detecting and relic hunting online forum . ' definitely a roamer , ' he posted to the forum after finding a slew of documents on frederick biddulph in the national archives . ' i found out that he was discharged from the army as medically unfit when he returned to australia in 1917 , that he was diagnosed with myocarditis ( inflammation of the heart ) , ' manzie told daily mail australia . manzie also found letters from biddulph 's mother in tasmania , appealing to the authorities for information about her son . ' not knowing he whereabouts : ' ashley manzie discovered this letter from frederick biddulph 's mother asking the authorities for information on the whereabouts of her son . did mrs biddulph ever make contact with her son frederick or was she looking for bunny ? ' i do n't know , i do n't know if she even knew about the name swaps , ' says stephen norton . ' dad 's the only one from that era who would know - and i was hoping to be able to drag more out of him - but he 's 94 now and his memory is n't what it was . ' for norton , the discovery raises the question of the other two medals that the records say were awarded to ' frederick ' . ' this is the only one that has come to light , maybe the others are with his family , i do n't even know if he had children and if there 's other family out there , ' he says . stephen norton does n't know whether private frederick george biddulph 's mother ever made contact with her son , or his brother lewis ' bunny ' biddulph , when they returned to australia from the war . stephen norton says he will proudly wear the newly-found medal , alonsgide those of his grandfather and his own father , to the marylands rsl anzac day dawn service this weekend . ashley manzie says the discovery has ' made his year . ' ' it made not just my day but my year when i found out that i could return the medal to a living relative . especially being the 100 year anniversary of anzac , ' he said . ' all this history and amazing story all from a beep on my detector in a park ! lest we forget . '  