it’s the changing face of russian politics . when russian president vladimir putin appeared on tv today to insist none of the country’s troops are positioned in the ukraine , he looked decidedly fresh-faced for a man accused of war-mongering . the wrinkles on the 62-year-old 's forehead , clearly visibly in previous pictures , have disappeared , while his skin look smooth , taut , tanned and younger than ever . vladimir putin appeared on russian tv today like you have never seen him before - leading to questions that he has had cosmetic surgery to get rid of the bags under his eyes , wrinkles and make his face more chiseled . his appearance this week is radically different to how he was previously pictured in 2007 ( left ) and 2010 ( right ) . in both photographs the skin of putin 's face is more saggy , and he has visible dark circles under his eyes . and as this series of pictures show , the russian president 's face has changed dramatically over the years – amid persistent rumours he has undergone cosmetic surgery to give himself a more youthful look . a black and white picture taken in 1991 when he was 37 years old shows him looking gaunt , and black bags under his eyes are clearly visible . putin , pictured in 1985 ( left ) with his wife lyudmila and daughter katya , and in 1991 ( right ) when he was chairman of the external relations committee of saint petersburg , aged 37 . his hair was already receding . pictures taken in 2000 ( left ) and 2001 ( right ) , when putin was in his forties , also show 'crow's-feet ' on his eyes . during his first term at president in 2007 putin , then aged 55 , looked his age while still healthy . in a photo dated 2000 , putin’s hair still has tones of blonde but the signs of ageing are becoming more apparent on his features . fast-forward to 2010 , and the ' action man ' , now 57 , looks tired and haggared after taking part in a judo session . questions over whether putin had gone under the knife came to the fore in 2011 , when the then-prime minister was photographed with a yellow bruise on his face . russian media began to question whether putin had had plastic surgery in 2011 . pictured here announcing his intentions to run to become the president of russia , journalists wondered if that bid sparked the surgery . putin 's face was puffy but relatively wrinkle-free in december 2013 when he attended a conference in moscow . plastic surgeons at the time told mailonline that botox injections , a facelift , cheek-fillers , a brow lift and removal of the bags under his eyes would have helped improve his ageing features – although his spokesman denied at the time he had had any work done . but in the same year he announced he wanted to become the next president of russia , leading commentators to ask if that was the reason behind his new look . in december 2013 , after around two years in office as president , he looked vastly different again , his face puffy but wrinkle-free . and in march this year , the kremlin was forced to deny rumours that he was unwell – or had undergone surgery – when the president disappeared for 10 days , cancelling a string of appointments and public appearances . questions were raised about putin 's health when he met with the president of kyrgystan last month after a 10 day disappearance . he refused to explain where he had been saying ' it would be boring without gossip ' . putin , pictured on april 16 2014 - looking relaxed and youthful as he give a television interview about ukraine . when he emerged to meet with the president of kyrgystan his face was puffy and shiny , and eyes only able to partially open , leading journalists to wonder about the cause of his new look . however putin has remained tight-lipped about his absence , laughing off the suggestions of poor health - or rumours that he had been attending the birth of a love child - saying ; ' it would be boring without gossip . ' his latest appearance is unlikely to quell suggestions that putin has been knocking on the doors of plastic surgeons . putin was recently reported as saying he wo n't be in office past the year 2024 , when he will turns 71 years old - although these pictures suggest there is a good chance he wo n't look it .