middlesbrough manager aitor karanka declared that his players deserve to be in the premier league after a surprise victory against norwich moved them top of the championship . alex tettey’s early own goal handed the carrow road visitors a slim victory and threw the title race wide open with just two points separating the top four after last night’s match . they could be overtaken on saturday when bournemouth , who relinquished first place , play their game in hand against sheffield wednesday and watford , the fourth team with a strong chance , host birmingham this afternoon . albert adomah ( left ) celebrates after middlesbrough take an early lead against promotion rivals norwich . adomah attempts to finish from close range after norwich midfielder alexander tettey 's goalbound header . norwich : ruddy , whittaker , martin , bassong , olsson , howson , tettey , dorrans ( grabban 62 ) , johnson ( hooper 78 ) , hoolahan ( redmond 78 ) , jerome . subs not used : ryan bennett , rudd , o'neil , odjidja-ofoe . booked : olsson , hoolahan . middlesbrough : konstantopoulos , kalas , ayala , gibson , friend , clayton , leadbitter , adomah , tomlin ( amorebieta 90+2 ) , bamford ( garcia 85 ) , vossen ( forshaw 60 ) . subs not used : ripley , whitehead , reach , nsue . goal : tettey 8 ( og ) . booked : clayton , adomah . referee : robert madley ( west yorkshire ) . attendance : 26,993 . but karanka insisted : ‘ this last week for us has been amazing . we have won three games in six days , especially against norwich when everyone thought they would beat us . ‘i’m proud of my players . once again they showed when they play their best they can beat everyone . i told them after the game if there is a team who deserve to be in premier league it’s them . ‘ the last game on may 2 we’ll see which team will get promotion but i think it’ ll go to the last second . ’ tettey’s mistake could prove costly in one of the most exciting end-of-season run-ins after it ended a run of eight games unbeaten for his side . karanka admitted before the match that if his side lost they would have been cut too far adrift from the front runners , but all remains to play for now . the strong away contingent had settled easily in norwich’s riverside entertainment park ahead of kick-off and their team comfortably matched them on the pitch , in unfamiliar surroundings away from their riverside stadium , in the opening exchanges . twenty minutes after the game had started and the home side had barely got out of their own half while middlesbrough carved out chance after chance . one of those , in the ninth minute , produced the opener . middlesbrough had lost back-to-back away matches - against promotion rivals bournemouth and watford - for the first time this season before the match , so their lead was a surprise . so , too , was the look on norwich goalkeeper john ruddy’s face when adam clayton sent in a corner from the left and his own midfielder tettey headed the ball at the near post over him and into the far right of goal . it had been coming . four minutes in and full-back tomas kalas burst on the overlap down the right to cross for jelle vossen whose header was deflected wide . two minutes later albert adomah , again on their right flank , feinted a cross and turned back on himself before playing the ball to patrick bamford . his flick-on found vossen again and his half-volley arrowed towards the top right corner but went just over . ‘ the first 15 minutes cost us the game , ’ norwich manager alex neil admitted . ‘ after that , we didn’t do enough to win the game . at this stage of the season it is about making a difference and we didn’t do that . ‘ in terms of effort and endeavour i could n't question them – they gave everything they had . it looks more likely that we are going to be involved in the play-offs so what we need to do now is dust ourselves off . ’ norwich midfielder wes hoolahan ( left ) tries to run past boro 's adam clayton during friday 's encounter . lee tomlin ( left ) battles for the ball with hoolahan during the championship clash at carrow road . norwich striker cameron jerome ( left ) failed to add to his impressive goal tally during the match for the hosts . tempers flared in the dying embers of the match as both sets of players got to grips with one another . middlesbrough continued to dominate but with norwich’s first chance of the game on 20 minutes they really should have been level . the foray forward saw bradley johnson head a ball into the box back across goal and jonny howson had a free header six yards out but failed to find the target . it was , however , the catalyst for the home side to get a foothold in the game and their pressure mounted from then on until the final whistle went after seven minutes of stoppage time . a fierce intensity gripped proceedings with the home side unable to capitalise on their growing possession . the sold-out stadium roared their team on and they even threw ruddy up at the end for a series of corners . it peaked in the final few moments when , from one of those corners , middlesbrough defender ben gibson threw himself in front of russell martin’s volley to prevent what would have been a certain goal . that block could be worth millions . middlesbrough manager aitor karanka gives instructions to his team as they try to hold on to their lead .