cannabis can kill cancer cells and helps shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumour , new advice reveals . cannabis can kill cancer cells and shrink one of the most serious types of brain tumours , new advice reveals . the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted , in its revised publication on marijuana , that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients . the report states : ' recent animal studies have shown that marijuana extracts may help kill certain cancer cells and reduce the size of others . ' evidence from one animal study suggests that extracts from whole-plant marijuana can slow the growth of cancer cells from one of the most serious types of brain tumours . ' research in mice showed that these extracts , when used with radiation , increased the cancer-killing effects of the radiation . ' the term medicinal marijuana refers to using the whole unprocessed plant or its basic extracts to treat a disease or symptom . currently the drug is not recognised by the us food and drug administration ( fda ) as a medicine . however , studies of the chemicals in marijuana - cannabinoids - has led the fda to approve two medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals . currently two cannabinoids , of around 100 , are of medical interest - thc and cbd . thc increases appetite and reduces nausea . it may also decrease pain , inflammation and muscle control problems . cbd is a cannabinoid that does not affect the mind or behaviour . it is thought to be useful in minimising pain and inflammation , controlling epileptic seizures and possibly treating mental illness and addictions . in the uk , thc is the active ingredient in the prescribed drug sativex . it is currently only licensed to treat and relive the pain of muscle spasms in ms patients . scroll down for video . the national institute on drug abuse in the us has admitted , in its revised publication on marijuana , that the drug offers benefits to some cancer patients , including those suffering some brain tumours , pictured . scientists are also conducting clinical trials and preclinical studies into the effects of marijuana on : the new advice from the national institute on drug abuse comes as a group of senators put pressure on the us federal government to recognise the medicinal value of the drug . medication containing cannabinoids , from marijuana , is licensed to treat ms - pictured on a brain scan - patients in both the us and uk . the compassionate access , research expansion and respect states act was introduced in march . it proposes moving cannabis from a schedule i to a schedule ii drug , recognising it has some medicinal value . the proposed bill does not , however , legalise marijuana in all states , but permits states to set their own policies , the daily caller reported . ' it couldn’t be any clearer that marijuana has medical value , ' tom angell , chairman of the marijuana majority , told the daily caller . ' when even nida and the surgeon general are acknowledging that marijuana can help people who are suffering , it is time for the obama administration to reschedule the drug . ' the attorney general can initiate that process today , and there’s no reason for him not to , especially when polling shows that such a huge majority of americans supports medical marijuana . ' twenty-three states in the us currently have laws legalising the use of marijuana in some form . four states - colorado , alaska , oregon and washington - have legalised the drug for both medicinal and recreational use . meanwhile , california , nevada , arizona , new mexico , montana , minnesota , michigan , illinois , new york , new jersey , delaware , maryland , connecticut , rhode island , massachusetts , vermont , new hampshire , hawaii and maine have laws allowing people to use the drug for medicinal purposes .   