a seattle-based filmmaker who spent three months in thailand has created the ultimate love letter to some of the country’s best beauty spots . gabriel ng spent countless hours filming thailand’s picturesque coastline , religious sites and scenes of everyday life using a camera attached to a remote control drone . the result is a six-minute video containing breathtaking sights that make it clear why thailand is a favourite destination for tourists . gabriel ng spent countless hours filming religious sites and beauty spots while visiting family in thailand . some of the best shots in the six-minute video reveal the beauty of thailand 's picturesque coastline . gabriel , who co-owns a video production company with a fellow cinematographer , filmed most of the scenes on the island of ko samui , in the gulf of thailand , during a solo trip to visit family . the video begins with a stunning shot of a white sand beach with the sun low on the horizon before showing a slice of paradise – a small island surrounded by emerald green waters . using a drone that retails from £500 , gabriel’s high definition video shows the sun peeking over mountaintops , fishing boats on the calm sea and waterfalls . gabriel ng , a cinematographer from seattle , filmed most of the scenes on the island of ko samui . using a drone that retails from £500 , gabriel ng’s high definition video shows breathtaking scenery . the video shows scenes of everyday life - from fishermen preparing their nets to people relaxing by the sea . it also includes scenes of wat phra yai , known as big buddha temple , on the small island of ko phan . the temple is a popular tourist attraction thanks to its giant buddha statue . the full-length video offers a glimpse into everyday life on the island of ko samui , plus scenes from a street party and fireworks exploding just feet from the drone . the us filmmaker captured scenes like this one using a camera attached to a remote control drone . gabriel ng 's high definition video shows fishing boats on a peaceful river , waterfalls and mountains . the video has been a hit with viewers on youtube , with one user writing : ‘ this video deserves by far more views , you 've done an amazing work with just a gopro and a drone , as it looks like the video was recorded by discovery channel ! ’ it’s not the first time gabriel has experimented with a camera-equipped drone . his company has produced aerial footage of weddings , red rock canyon state park in california and the las vegas strip at sunrise .