this is the man who allegedly opened fire in the campus library of a north carolina college on monday morning , leaving one person dead . kenneth stancil , 20 , is a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , where he is accused of shooting dead a man who working in the school 's print shop . according to police , stancil walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun , went up to the third floor , and fired one shot , which killed long-time employee ron lane . it is not known whether stancil and lane are connected or related . scroll down for video . manhunt : police believe the shooter was kenneth stancil , a former student who did not graduate from wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina . he allegedly entered the building at 8am and fired one shot . killed : the single bullet fired on monday morning killed rodney lane ( pictured left and right ) who was a long-time employee at the wayne community college print shop . it is not known if he was connected to stancil . issuing a warrant for his arrest , authorities described stancil as white , approximately 5'11 '' , with a goatee , and a tattoo over his left eye . swat teams raced to wayne community college in goldsboro just before 9am on monday after frantic 911 calls of a gunman who had opened fire . goldsboro city manager scott stevens , told cnn that one person was fatally shot and that the suspect was still at large and an ' active shooter ' situation existed . ' there have been shots fired on the campus of wayne community college , ' said kim best , spokeswoman for the city of goldsboro . ' there has been one fatality , and there is one shooter . ' police identified the victim as rod lane who worked in the college print shop . take over : a military style swat vehicle from the johnston county sheriff 's office arrived at the college . response : goldsboro sheriff 's department rushed to wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina after a shooting inside the campus library just before 9am on monday . relief : swat teams were clearing the campus building by building and students were congregating in the college parking lot on monday morning . clearing buildings : a line of about 20 to 30 students were escorted out of the campus with their hands up . leaving : as the morning progressed students were escorted off the college campus by police . evacuation : students on the campus were led to safety after swat teams arrived just after the shooting . early morning : police from around wayne county descended on the community college after 911 calls were made reporting a shooting inside the campus library . warning : the college website advised all students to shelter as there was an active shooter on campus . at a press conference late on monday morning , wcc president kay albertson said : ' our hearts are heavy , but it could have been a lot worse . ' goldsboro police confirmed that one person had been shot in the ' vicinity ' of the campus library . stancil was reported to be wearing a blue jacket with light colored pants . authorities have urged the public not to approach him as he is considered extremely dangerous . they have asked anyone who believes they have seen him to phone 911 immediately . according to wral , a student government representative said the shooting took place on the third floor of the wayne learning center , which houses the library , cafeteria and student lounge . fire marshall brian taylor told nbc news that multiple members of local law enforcement descended on the scene and a massive manhunt was underway for the suspected shooter . according to msnbc , the lockdown was lifted as of about 10.30am et . daniel wiggins , assistant operations manager for wayne county , north carolina , told cnn that just before 9am the college website confirmed the school was on lockdown with a message reading , ' this is not a drill . the entire campus is on lockdown . ' appeal for calm : wayne community college in goldsboro , north carolina , was on lockdown after one person was shot in the library , said daniel wiggins , assistant operations manager for wayne county . rapid response : shortly after 9am the the gpd crime lab arrived at the community college . swat teams hurried to arrive on the scene and according to the local goldsboro news argus the entire campus was evacuated building by building . speaking to thv11.com tara humphries , of wayne community college claimed that police have one suspect ' under control . ' however , that has not been confirmed by law enforcement sources . school officials said there was no hostage situation , but did say that some students and teachers ' are still trapped inside and trying to get out . ' college president kay albertson said staff and students had been evacuated and ' we 've been told to pull back . ' according to wayne county schools spokesman ken derksen , the tommy 's road elementary school was also on lockdown because it is one mile from the community college . the college is one hour away from raleigh and has 3,900 students currently enrolled . 