video footage has emerged of a law enforcement officer grabbing a cell phone from the hands of a woman recording him and throwing it violently to the pavement in southern california . the 53-second video , posted on youtube , features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday . about 25 seconds into the clip , the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her . the 53-second video , posted on youtube , features footage of the unnamed woman recording an incident involving multiple officers in south gate on sunday . about 25 seconds into the clip , the woman who had been attempting to speak to some of the officers is approached by a tall man strapped with a riffle who suddenly lunges at her . following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy u.s . marshal - grabs her cell phone and throws it to the ground . following a brief struggle the man - later identified as a deputy u.s . marshal - grabs her cell phone , throws it to the ground and then kicks it away in a fit of rage . as the man returns to his previous position , the woman is seen scrambling for her phone . she then turns to the woman across the street who has been recording the incident and asks : ' did you record that ? ' south gate police chief randy davis has confirmed to nbc4 that the man is with the u.s . marshals . a spokesperson for the u.s . marshals has said the shocking footage ' is being reviewed . ' the los angeles county sheriff 's department is also investigating the video . a spokesperson for the u.s . marshals has said the shocking footage ' is being reviewed ' , while the los angeles county sheriff 's department is also investigating . south gate police chief randy davis has confirmed that the man who is seen kicking the phone in the video is with the u.s . marshals . as the man returns to his previous position , the woman is seen scrambling for her phone . she then turns to the woman across the street who has been recording the incident and asks : ' did you record that ? ' the incident took place as officers from multiple agencies were responding to a report of a biker gang meeting at a local bar during which six arrests were made . it was unknown if the woman in the footage was affiliated with the gang . davis said that no police officers from the south gate police department were involved in the incident .