one direction star niall horan has led the tributes to bbc broadcaster colin bloomfield who has died from skin cancer , aged just 33 . bloomfield , who worked at bbc radio derby for 10 years as a presenter , reporter and derby county commentator , died at a hospice near his hometown of shrewsbury yesterday morning . fellow broadcasters have paid tribute to the ' perfect colleague ' and ‘ consummate professional’ whose positive outlook on life made him such a popular figure . and derby county supporter niall horan , who is one quarter of boyband one direction , has also described bloomfield as a ‘ super great guy and great commentator’ . hugely popular bbc derby broadcaster colin bloomfield has died aged 33 after battling skin cancer . one direction star and derby county supporter niall horan ( pictured together ) was among the first to pay tribute to bloomfield , who passed away yesterday at a hospice in shrewsbury following a battle with cancer . the star , who has met bloomfield several times , said on twitter : ' sad to hear to hear of the passing of colin bloomfield . he was a super great guy and great commentator . ' and had a huge passion for derby county , he will be sadly missed around the ground , condolences to his family and friends . ' bloomfield lost his battle with cancer after it spread around his body from a cancerous mole . the malignant melanoma was removed from his leg 10 years ago but returned in 2013 and last year he was given only months to live . heartbroken colleagues paid tribute to the talented broadcaster following the news he had passed away at 7.05am yesterday . radio derby 's editor simon cornes said : ' reporter , producer , commentator , presenter - colin was all of those . ' you 're lucky in radio if you 're good at one of these things but colin 's talent was a rare one and he was extraordinarily accomplished at all of them . he made it seem easy . we know it is n't . ' if you were designing the perfect colleague you 'd come up with colin . his modesty was disarming but it was his warmth and his positive attitude to life that made him so popular with everyone at radio derby . ' we 've lost our friend but it 's a mark of the man that so many of our listeners feel they 've lost their friend too . all of us are going to miss him dreadfully . ' bloomfield ( pictured with fellow broadcasters ant and dec ) died early yesterday morning at the age of 33 . dozens left emotional tributes to bloomfield on twitter last night , including niall horan from one direction , burton albion manager jimmy floyd hasselbaink and glamour model maria fowler . derby county spokesman colin gibson , who had worked with bloomfield at bbc radio derby , said : ' as a broadcaster he was the consummate professional . ' he could be - at one time - eulogising about what was happening at neighbours and the next turn he 'd being interviewing the prime minister and he would do them both brilliantly . he could really turn his hand to anything . ' his bravery during his fight with cancer had to be admired , preferring always to talk about the rams or his beloved shrewsbury town rather than the pain he was going through . ' derby county president sam rush said : ' he will be sadly missed by everyone at derby county football club as we had a tremendous working relationship with him . ' he can only be described as an inspirational individual and both a wonderful and humble young man . ' at derby 's match away at millwall yesterday that finished 3-3 , rams ' supporters chanted his name , singing ' there 's only one colin bloomfield ' . and as shrewsbury town won promotion to league one after beating cheltenham town 1-0 , the shrewsbury players revealed t-shirts paying tribute to bloomfield . posting the tribute on its official twitter page later , the club accompanied a picture of the players with : ' for the fans : shrewsbury town players don shirts with colin bloomfield and lloyd burton on ! ' lloyd burton , a young supporter of the club , also lost his battle with cancer this week . as shrewsbury town won promotion to league one after beating cheltenham town 1-0 yesterday , the shrewsbury players revealed t-shirts paying tribute to bloomfield and young supporter lloyd burton , who also passed away from cancer this week . the t-shirts read : ' for you lloyd burton and chris bloomfield ' ( pictured ) .  also paying tribute was fellow broadcaster jake humphrey , who wrote on twitter : ' devastated colin bloomfield has lost his fight . ten minutes on the phone to him and you were walking on air all day . ' henry winter , from the daily telegraph , added : ' rip colin bloomfield . hugely respected bbc football commentator and presenter . only 33 . thoughts with his family , friends and colleagues . ' and broadcaster mike sewell said : ' extremely sad to hear that broadcaster colin bloomfield has passed away . life is precious and at times cruelly short . rip . ' jimmy floyd hasselbaink , manager of league two side burton albion , wrote : ' i might add deeply saddened by the untimely death of the very popular bbc presenter colin bloomfield . ' maria fowler , a glamour model and former the only way is essex star who grew up in derby , also paid tribute to bloomfield . in a series of messages , she said : ' i 've just heard the news and am so so sad . rest in peace colin bloomfield . a truly brave and amazing man . you were amazing . i 'm so sad . ' i 'm so so sad . you were so brave colin and now with the angels . you will be so missed by everyone in derby . ' and bloomfield 's former colleague jonno baker wrote : ' rest in peace to my friend and the bravest man i 've ever known . you were an incredible person . ' bloomfield ( pictured ) had set up a charity appeal prompted by his diagnosis which has so far raised £60,000 . these were the last tweets written by colin bloomfield , who passed away at a hospice near shrewsbury today . bloomfield 's most recent battle with melanoma started in september 2013 , but he was no stranger to the disease having first encountered it in 2001 . a cancerous mole was operated on and turned out to be a malignant melanoma . five years later , in 2006 , he was given the all-clear . but in may 2013 , he discovered a lump on his groin . since then he had been undergoing various treatments and initially that helped shrink some of the tumours in his brains and lungs . however , further scans in the last few weeks revealed the tumours in his brain were increasing in size and earlier this month , he went to a hospice near his home town of shrewsbury . after a courageous fight , he lost his final battle at 7.05am yesterday morning . a charity appeal prompted by his diagnosis has so far raised £60,000 in just over two months . the money will be used to make hundreds of schools in derbyshire and east staffordshire ' sun safe ' , by educating youngsters about skin cancer prevention .