after two months since the official announcement , floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are into the final few days of their preparation at camp ahead of their monumental bout on saturday . on monday night , pacquiao arrived in las vegas ahead of his mgm grand summit with mayweather . the 36-year-old was seen arriving on the world-famous strip in the nevada desert at the mandalay bay hotel , which will be his base for the week . pacquiao had been training in los angeles at trainer freddie roach 's wild card gym - an unassuming building that is surrounded by a launderette and a petrol station . the filipino star uprooted on monday night as he and his team took a 270-mile drive on board his own bus . roach 's star fighter will be hoping a change of scenery wo n't affect his preparations against mayweather - who has the luxury of training at his self-titled boxing club in las vegas , which is situated next to a chinese baptist church . ahead of their gigantic fight , sportsmail takes a tale of the tape look at the duo 's two main bases and what is on offer at either facility . manny pacquiao gestures to fans gathered after arriving at the mandalay bay hotel in las vegas on monday . pacquiao and his team made the 270-mile journey from los angeles to las vegas on monday night ahead of this weekend 's fight against floyd mayweather at the mgm grand . a map depicting the vast distance between the wild card gym ( left ) and the mayweather boxing club ( top right ) and the mgm grand - the location for the mouthwatering may 2 bout . location . despite the wealth of talent that trains at the wild card gym and the mayweather boxing club , both are in rather low-key surroundings . the former is situated along vine street - an unassuming road in los angeles which is set back from its nearby properties . next to it on the right is a stop & shop market while a mobil petrol station is situatied to its left . in among the small complex too is a nail parlour , a thai food restaurant and a launderette . the latter is on schiff drive - another unassuming road . next to the building on one side is a chinese baptist church , with kitchenova - a kitchen supllies shop a futher store down . it 's fair to say that both gyms could be lost among a backdrop of similar-looking buildings . the wild card gym is located on the unassuming road of vine street in los angeles . on closer viewing the facility is also surrounded by a a nail parlour , a thai food restaurant and a launderette . an inside look of the wild card gym shows it has one boxing ring and several boxing pads . a front view look of the wba and wbc welterweight world champion mayweather base . the mayweather boxing club is also an inconspicuous building from the outside on schiff drive , las vegas . inside though , the the money team 's facilities are anything but with the state-of-art equipment adorning it . the las vegas base has a free weights section where mayweather uses to develop his strength . the mayweather boxing club has seats provided for those to watch sparring and other boxing activities . mayweather has put his vast wealth into the facility - a building that has helped him remain undefeated . both boxers will be hoping their facilities will have proved the base for success come may 2 . opening hours . despite being the home of eight-division world champion pacquiao , the wild card gym is an accessible facility to those of any age or ability . between monday to friday it is open from 7am-8pm with its hours on a saturday slightly reduced from 9am-4pm . the wild card gym is closed on sundays . the wild card gym is an accessible facility to those of any age or ability and is open six days a week . in stark comparison , the mayweather boxing club is a private facility that is not open to the general public . to its own stable of boxers it shuts at 2.30pm so that wba and wbc welterweight world champion mayweather can train . the mayweather boxing club is a private facility in contrast that is not open to the general public . to its own stable of boxers it shuts at 2.30pm so that mayweather can train ahead of his bout vs pacquiao . gym membership . as mentioned above the wild card gym is open to anyone and this is reflected in its membership offers . monthly prices for those who do n't box at amateur level or professionally and are 18 or over is at around £33 per month . for those between the ages of 11-17 , the price reduces further to £16 per month but they must be accompanied by a parent at all times . the wild card gym is open to anyone of any ability with monthly membership starting at £16 per month . if you are an amateur or pro boxer it is £16 per month too but you must be able to show your license upon arrival . if a monthly membership proves too daunting , roach 's gym also offers daily entry of around £3 as long as you have proof of id . the openness of the wild card gym conflicts with that of mayweather 's camp - where you have to contact their official website if you have a desire to train at the club . in contrast to use the mayweather boxing club - you have to contact their website for more information first . equipment . the wild card gym is rather simplistic in comparison to the mayweather boxing club - but still produces the same knockout results . in terms of equipment there is one ring , a weights room as well as the standard boxing bags you would expect to create a world champion - speed balls , punch bags , boxing pads and the rest of that ilk . pacquaio is put through his paces on the speed ball during a workout session at the wild card gym in 2010 . pacquaio ( right ) undergoes some pad work while training at the the los angeles base . mayweather proclaims himself as ' tbe ' , the best ever , and as a result you can expect nothing less from inside his gym . the 38-year-old 's facility boasts two boxing rings , five punch bags , dumbbells , speed balls , as well as a hook and jab bag and a snatcher bag among a plethora of items . mayweather 's facilities are grander in comparison , to the wild card gym , boasting two boxing rings . the las vegas facility also includes five punch bags , dumbbells and speed balls . in addition there are hook and jab bags and a snatcher bag among a plethora of items . trainers/staff . the wild card gym is the heart and soul of roach . pacquaio 's trainer has produced over 20 world champions during his time at the los angeles base since it was first opened in 1994 . as well as owning the facility , the 55-year-old works alongside it with his brother pepper . pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach ( right ) has produced over 20 world champions during his time . the mayweather boxing club is a family affair with the 38-year-old 's father , floyd snr , training him there . alongside his father , mayweather 's uncle roger is a key figure within the camp . the 54-year-old proves valuable boxing acumen to the stable having been a former wba super featherweight and wbc light-welterweight champion himself with a record of 59 – 13 ( 35 ko’s ) . alongside the duo , cornelius edwards is another experienced trainer with the camp . known as ' boza ' the former wbc super featherweight champion boasted a record of 45-7-1 with 34 ko’s during his time within the ring . other members of the the money team ( tmt ) camp at the gym include gerald sinclair , john sinclair and bob ware . former boxer nate jones is also part of mayweather 's ensemble . mayweather 's ' the money team ' camp includes his father , floyd snr , and his uncle roger . notable stable mates . the wild card gym has boasted an array of stars in the world of boxing , with miguel cotto the latest under the tutelage of roach . the 34-year-old is the current wbc middleweight world champion after he defeated sergio martinez for the title last summer in his first fight in the division . cotto is considered one of the greatest boxers in puerto rican history and is the only countryman to have won a world title in four different weight classes . as well as cotto former wbo light-welterweight champion ruslan provodnikov and chinese star zou shiming are also trained by roach . shiming fought on the undercard of pacquiao 's last fight in november against chris algieiri in macau . wbc middleweight world champion and puerto rican great miguel cotto ( right ) is trained by roach . at the mayweather boxing club , newly-crowned wbc world super-middleweight champion badou jack is among their stable . t . he swede , who beat anthony dirrell on points on friday night and will face george groves in the summer , is also joined by middleweight boxer j'leon love , light-middleweight ishe smith , ibf lightweight champion mickey bey jnr and britain 's ashley theophane at the las vegas base . newly-crowned wbc world super-middleweight champion badou jack ( left ) is a stable mate of mayweather . jack holds his belt after beating anthony dirrell on friday night at the uic pavilion in chicago , illinois . former stable mates/previous visitors . roach 's wild card gym has seen a 'who's-who ' of boxing talent walk through its doors . british star amir khan , julio cesar chavez , jr. viacheslav senchenko are among those to have been under the los angeles stable . roach has also worked with a number of mma greats including anderson silva , georges st. pierre , tito ortiz and bj penn . former wbo light-heavyweight world champion nathan cleverly has also visited the facility in the past ahead of upcoming bouts . amir khan ( right ) was trained by roach before splitting up in 2012 after losing two world titles . mayweather 's gym too has been a hotbed for boxers to hone their skills ahead of a fight too - with britain 's crop of talent in particular taking the las vegas base to their fancy . chris eubank jnr trained there in his early days , while scott quigg and anthony crolla have also visited the club to engage in some pad-work activities . at present featherweight lee selby is out in las vegas training ahead of his challenge against ibf belt holder evgeny gradovich on may 30 . british star scott quigg ( right ) has used the mayweather boxing club before in the past for sparring .