easing through a relatively straight-forward group to reach the latter stages , there are n't many who would have tipped porto to go all the way in the champions league this season . 11 years ago the portuguese outfit achieved the impossible as jose mourinho guided an unfancied squad to glory but since then they have flattered to deceive , only reaching the quarter-finals on one occasion before this season . julen lopetegui has masterminded an unbeaten champions league campaign for porto this season . ricardo quaresma scored twice as porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in the first leg of their quarter-final . the portuguese side beat the odds to claim the champions league trophy after defeating monaco in 2004 . jose mourinho lead porto to glory that year but later moved to take over at chelsea in the premier league . julen lopetegui has assembled an exciting team , a squad based around technical ability and a high-pressing game , a side that demolished basle 5-1 on aggregate in the last round and are unbeaten in the competition . after finishing third behind current leaders benfica and sporting lisbon last season , the ' dragons ' took quite a risk in opting for lopetegui . the 48-year-old had only managed two seasons at club level with rayo vallecano and real madrid b before impressing as coach in the spanish youth ranks . the likes of david de gea , koke , isco and thiago came through under lopetegui , while he has brought in oliver torres and cristian tello to develop a defined style of play . only bayern , barcelona and juventus can better their average possession of 58 per cent . yacine brahimi has been a shining light for porto in this european campaign , netting a hat-trick against basle to take his tally to five goals , while he has been credited with three assists . only lionel messi ( 12 ) cristiano ronaldo ( 11 ) and luiz adriano ( 9 ) have been involved in more champions league goals this season . but it was not the algerian who took centre stage last week as bayern were dismantled . that honour went to ricardo quaresma - a maverick figure in the dressing room . heralded as portugal 's next big thing as a teenager , breaking through at sporting lisbon just like cristiano ronaldo , quaresma struggled to live up to his reputation at barcelona and inter milan . unsuccessful short spells at chelsea , besiktas and al-ahli followed , and now 31 , quaresma is certainly enjoying his second spell at porto . quaresma slots the ball past bayern munich goalkeeper manuel neuer at the dragao stadium . the winger struggled during short spells with chelsea ( left ) and inter milan ( right ) . quaresma and his porto team-mates look relaxed during training at the allianz arena on monday . it was last chance saloon for the winger when porto gave him a chance in december 2013 , having been without a club for six months . not many top-flight clubs , let alone those challenging the european elite would have given him a chance . but his double against bayern alone would suggest porto made the right choice . quaresma has always been a man with immense technical ability and flair , and his early penalty as well as his desire and finish past manuel neuer to send the home crowd into raptures further demonstrated his class . lopetegui has played quaresma and tello either side of jackson martinez up front , with three midfield players providing the base . his style of play has been embraced in porto , while his popularity in his home country may have been a factor in casemiro and tello opting for loan moves in portugal . the real madrid and barcelona duo have relished the first-team opportunities that have come their way . the brazilian stopper 's presence in the holding midfield role , allows the smaller , more technical playmakers around him to strut their stuff . jackson martinez is a premier league target and had lead the line superbly for porto this season . lopetegui gives instructions to brazilian right back danilo at the dragao stadium last week . oliver torres ( left ) and hector herrera ( right ) close down bayern munich midfielder thiago . but that is not to say porto have lost an identity which has seen them balance their books while remaining successful on all fronts . radamel falcao , james rodriguez and eliaquim mangala are just three of a whole host of players who were sold for over £30million , after being bought , comparatively , on the cheap . the above transfer technique comes naturally to porto ; there are no real work-permit issues in portugal unlike england and the rest of mainland europe , and south american players can begin playing there whenever they like . that package gives the primeira liga side a win-win situation . they pay little to attract talented but relatively unknown stars , while the players themselves want to get to europe as quickly as possible to elevate themselves on the football ladder - the champions league is the perfect platform to perform - and possibly attract other bidders . it 's certainly a profitable cycle . there are now many more talents who could make a transfer window . maruading right back danilo has already penned a deal with real madrid , jackson martinez is seemingly constantly a premier league target , while alex sandro and hector herrera are also highly regarded . that is not to mention brahimi , who man united and city are said to be chasing . his influence in the champions league season would not go amiss at the etihad stadium as manuel pellegrini 's side look to make their mark in europe . yacine brahimi has been porto 's star man in the champions league and has five goals in the competition . radamel falcao ( left ) and james rodriguez ( right ) were sold for big money - as is the club 's way . porto are hoping to knock bayern munich out of the champions league and send shockwaves across europe . porto were able to rest nine players against academica , a victory that kept them just three points behind benfica at the top of the table after a shoddy domestic start . they have n't lost a game in the league since january . that is in stark contrast to bayern , who could add franck ribery 's absence to the likes of arjen robben , david alaba and javi martinez . lopetegui though , maintains that porto need to play a ' great ' game to beat what he claims are one of the best sides in history . ' we have to produce a great performance against one of the greatest teams in the history of bayern , ' lopetegui , who is a former barcelona and spain team-mate of guardiola , said in his pre-game press conference on monday . ' i am expecting a superb bayern team , regardless of who they will end up playing and we are prepared for what will happen . ' it will be a very difficult task but we will try to find simple answers , we like the idea of playing bayern , who are one of the best teams in the world . we can not think about what could happen , we must focus on the game tomorrow and try to give the answer on the pitch , ' pep guardiola and lopetegui embrace before kick-off of the champions league quarter-final first-leg . lopetegui ( back left ) and guardiola ( back , second right ) are former barcelona and spain team-mates . porto defender maicon points to the sky after martinez sealed the 3-1 victory against bayern munich .    