there are growing concerns that google 's waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations . the tech giant is now under pressure by top cops to turn off the traffic app 's police-tracking function . the waze app , which operates like a free gps navigation tool , allows users to tag the locations of parked police vehicles , accidents , congestion , traffic cameras , potholes and more , so that other drivers using waze are warned as they approach the same location . there are growing concerns that google 's waze application poses a danger to police because of its ability to track their locations . this image taken from the app on an iphone , in washington , shows police at the scene on a map on the app . waze , which google acquired waze in 2013 for a reported $ 1.1 billion has 50million users in 200 countries , a number which is growing . ismaaiyl brinsley , 28 , killed two nypd police officers . before the killing he was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police . however , several police officers say the app is being used to stalk and plan attacks on law enforcement . ismaaiyl brinsley , 28 , killed police officer wenjian liu and his partner rafael ramos in december while they sat in their squad car . before the killing he was known to have used the app to monitor the movements of police officers and posted screenshots of the app on instagram . he wrote of his admiration for waze , according to screenshots taken by breitbart , which he was using to track two officers in staten island , new york . the post was said to be made in early december . he used the same account to announce his intentions to gun down the two officers in brooklyn , styling it as a revenge attack for the deaths of eric garner and michael brown . it has since been deleted . investigators do not believe he used waze to ambush the officers , because police say brinsley tossed his cellphone far from where he shot the officers . a waze spokesperson said in a statement to mailonline : ' waze was not used in the attack on the two new york city police in brooklyn in december , nor has it ever been used to attack law enforcement officer . ' it is not possible to “stalk” or follow a police officer by using waze . ' ' there are many ways the police feature supports officer safety and the overall goals of law enforcement . namely , police partners have told waze they want to be seen , often publishing ' speed trap ' locations ahead of time in the us . cop tracker : screenshots emerged of brinsley posting to instagram about his use of the waze app - on which users post updates . ' the us national move over law requires drivers to move one lane away from emergency or law enforcement vehicles when stopped ; our alerts work to keep police safer as drivers are notified before they round a turn or pass one unexpectedly while driving highway speeds . ' after typing in their destination address , users just drive with the app open on their phone to passively contribute traffic and other road data , but they can also take a more active role by sharing road reports on accidents , police traps , or any other hazards along the way , helping to give other users in the area a 'heads-up ' about what 's to come . in addition to the local communities of drivers using the app , waze is also home to an active community of online map editors who ensure that the data in their areas is as up-to-date as possible . but the los angeles police chief insists it does endanger lives and wrote a letter to the tech company 's ceo . according to the document police chief charlie beck sent to google ceo larry page on december 30 , people are using the ' unwitting ' waze community as ' their lookouts for the location of police officers . ' ' i am concerned about the safety of law enforcement officers and the community , and the potential for your waze product to be misused by those with criminal intent to endanger police officers and the community , ' the letter said . google ( which acquired waze in 2013 for a reported $ 1.1 billion ) claims the app ' is all about contributing to the ' common good ' out there on the road , ' the risks far outweigh the potential benefits , reports cnn . sheriff mike brown of bedford county , virginia , said states might pass laws to prevent people from revealing the locations of parked police cruisers . privacy advocates , however , said first amendment protections will stand in the way . ' waze represents person-to person information in the public square , ' said nuala o'connor , head of the center for democracy and technology , a washington civil liberties group , who said she uses the software . ' and that 's long been a u.s. right under the constitution . ' there are no known connections between any violent attack on police and the waze software . 