a heartbroken father told yesterday how his daughter had been given hard drugs by dealers targeting schools . in an emotional open letter , he told how the ‘ bright and beautiful’ gcse pupil started using a cocktail of banned substances including cocaine , ecstasy , methadone and ‘ party drug’ meow meow . the father – identified only as john to protect his family’s privacy – warned that class a drugs were widely available to children , and urged schools and police to get tough . he said dealers made the drugs ‘ incredibly cheap and available’ to hook their young customers . a father has revealed that his teenage daughter became hooked on cocaine and ecstasy after buying the drugs in the school playground ( file pic posed by a model ) . his daughter was given them for free or paid only a few pounds for pills , sometimes without knowing what she was taking . she had not only put her health in danger but risked sexual abuse by meeting up with men she did not know . the father has sent the open letter to his local council , south gloucestershire , pleading for action to combat a ‘ serious drug problem’ . the man described himself as a single parent to a son and daughter – referred to as jack and jill – who both went to a local secondary . ‘ two weeks ago i discovered that jill had been taking class a drugs for three to four months , ’ he said . ‘ how dumb am i not to know ? but do you know the signs as a parent ? ’ the father said he had initially dismissed changes in his daughter’s behaviour as ‘ teenage moodiness’ . he has now written an open letter ( above ) to his local authority , south gloucestershire , begging them to take the issue more seriously asking if a young person has to die before the problem is addressed . but he told the bristol post : ‘ she came to me and said she had got caught up with a group and started taking cocaine and ecstasy . ‘ i had noticed she had been a bit off but i thought it was a teenage daughter rebelling against her dad … it just didn’t occur to me and i felt naïve and stupid . ’ horrified by his daughter’s revelations , the father said he went to her school and police but officers were ‘ aggressive and threatening’ when his daughter volunteered information , including the names of alleged dealers . he accused authorities of ‘ pretending a problem doesn’t exist’ and warned the situation would get worse if it was not tackled , adding : ‘ does a young person here have to die ? ’ the father said his own investigations had found evidence that illicit drugs were available inside schools and youth clubs . the father , only known as john , has called on south gloucestershire council to do more to tackle drug dealing in its schools . he told how he had limited his daughter’s use of her mobile phone and social media , apparently to stop her falling back into drug use . he said he hoped she had stopped before she became hooked . the father said his relationship with his daughter had hit ‘ rock bottom’ over his attempts to protect her from lapsing back into drug abuse , saying : ‘ she hates me now . ’ but , in the absence of help from authorities , he said he now believed it was up to parents to try to ‘ take control’ to help their children . the despairing father said he could not offer a ‘ simple answer’ but said the problem of drug use would only get worse if it was ignored . south gloucestershire council refused to comment and said it was a matter for police . inspector adrian fallows , a neighbourhood police manager for south gloucestershire , said : ‘ we are working with schools to educate young people about drugs and also to deal firmly with any drugs issues that may arise . ‘ the supply , production and use of drugs in our communities , and the acquisitive crimes associated with drugs , is a serious matter . ‘ we will do whatever we can to protect young people by disrupting the system and bringing to justice anyone dealing drugs and profiting from crime . ’