pamela anderson has come in for criticism for her very public show of support for an arizona sheriff notorious for his controversial opinions and racial profiling of latinos . joe arpaio , who calls himself ‘america’s toughest sheriff’ , and the former baywatch star appeared odd soul-mates as they joined together at the maricopa county jail on wednesday to promote the benefits of an all-vegetarian diet . arpaio says cutting meat from the meals served to the more than 8,000 inmates has saved an estimated $ 200,000 per year . the jail has been serving vegetarian meals for 16 months now . scroll down for video . the odd couple : peta spokesperson pamela anderson joined forced with controversial arizona sheriff joe arpaio on wednesday to promote the benefits of a vegetarian diet for prison inmates . pamela anderson was all smiles as she joined maricopa county sheriff joe arpaio to serve vegetarian meals to inmates at the maricopa county jail , making it the first jail in the country to go entirely vegetarian . inmates are served a peanut butter sandwich with oranges and some crackers for brunch and a hot meal comprised of different vegetable and soy dishes for dinner . anderson , a longtime vegan and a spokeswoman for the animal rights group people for the ethical treatment of animals , said she hopes the meal initiative stands as a model for prisons and jails across the country . anderson and peta have came under fire for their association with the polarizing arpaio , who has long faced criticism that he unfairly targets minorities for law enforcement . he has described himself as an ' equal opportunity guy , i lock up everybody . ' peta’s senior vice president dan mathews told thinkprogress that the food he saw and tasted during a tour of the food factory plant last month was healthy . ' i was incredibly impressed to see the fresh produce , ' he said . but a fox news affiliate reporter who visited in 2013 commented that the carrots in the stew were brown and that the soy looked like ' wood chips . ' anderson and peta have came under fire for their association with the polarizing arpaio , who has long faced criticism that he unfairly targets minorities for law enforcement . anderson , dressed in a red and black stripped top , signed autographs for inmates as she toured the prison which includes an outdoor area known as tent city . arpaio responded , ' oh , that’s probably just dirt . don’t worry about that . ' inmates , who receive just two meals a day , have previously called the food being served as ' slop . ' the stunt at maricopa county jail on wednesday as described as ' a new low for peta ' by thinkprogress . anderson , dressed in a red and black stripped top , signed autographs for inmates as she toured the prison which includes an outdoor area known as tent city . an outdoor jail with electric fencing , tent city can hold more than two thousand immigrant detainees . because the heat can rise to 137 degrees during the summer months , the tent structure serves primarily as brutal physical punishment . ' we 're saving a lot of lives and i think it 's very helpful and encouraging to get people to eat compassionately and make non-violent choices , ' said anderson . anderson , a longtime vegan and a spokeswoman for the animal rights group people for the ethical treatment of animals , said she hopes the meal initiative stands as a model for prisons and jails across the country . a press conference at tent city came to an abrupt end when reporters asked the sheriff to compare the $ 200,000 meat-free savings to the $ 14 million the agency is spending to comply with a court order that found sheriff 's deputies discriminated against latino residents . ' it 's comparing apples to oranges , ' arpaio said . ' we wo n't be getting into that today , thanks very much . ' an appeals court on wednesday upheld key findings in the 2013 ruling that deputies under sheriff arpaio systemically committed racial profiling of latinos . the 9th u.s . circuit court of appeals upheld the previous ruling by district judge murray snow that unconstitutional practices targeting immigrants had extended traffic stops in the phoenix area . the decision by snow marked the first time that the sheriff 's office known for immigration enforcement had been found to have racially profiled people . the judge is requiring arpaio 's officers to video-record traffic stops , collect data on stops and undergo training to ensure they are n't acting unconstitutionally . a press conference came to an abrupt end when reporters asked sheriff arpaio , right , to compare the $ 200,000 meat-free savings to the $ 14 million the agency is spending to comply with a court order that found sheriff 's deputies discriminated against latino residents .