judges rejected home secretary theresa may 's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of ' unacceptably savage ' abuse he faced in libya . a libyan convicted of 78 offences can not be deported from britain because he is an alcoholic . seven years after the man was first told he would be booted out of the country , a judge has finally ruled that it would breach his human rights . in what is thought to be an unprecedented case , he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal . judges rejected home secretary theresa may 's attempt to deport the 53-year-old serial criminal because of the risk of ' unacceptably savage ' abuse he faced in libya . it means he will be able to continue his drink-fuelled offending spree in britain . his case is estimated to have cost british taxpayers a six-figure sum , including the cost of police time , legal fees racked up by challenging his claims in the courts and the costs of keeping him in prison . the case reignited the row over the ease with which alleged foreign criminals could exploit human rights laws . last night peter bone , tory candidate for wellingborough , said the case illustrated why britain should scrap the human rights act and replace it with a british bill of rights . ' this kind of things drives people mad , ' he said . ' on the doorstep they find cases like this outrageous . few people will think this man should remain in the country . he has completely abused our hospitality . ' despite insisting the libyan had ' behaved disgracefully ' to rack up 78 crimes on 52 occasions , the upper immigration tribunal said deporting him would violate the european convention on human rights , incorporated into british law by the human rights act . it found that removing him would breach article 3 , the right to avoid inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment , and article 8 , the right to a private or family life . in a written ruling , judge jonathan perkins said : ' under the rule of militia [ in libya ] the usual routine for a person found drinking was arrest , possible whipping and detention for a few days . ' expert witnesses had claimed that there was ' a chance of virtually permanent detention in the case of an habitual drunk ' . he he successfully argued he would be tortured and imprisoned by the authorities in his homeland because drinking alcohol is illegal . belal ballali , a british-libyan researcher , said ' commercially produced alcohol is widely available in tripoli ' and ' cheaply made ' moonshine ' is readily available and cheap to buy outside the capital ' . the man , who was granted anonymity by the courts and can only be identified by the initials ' hu ' , came to britain in 1981 to study engineering . apart from a short period in libya from august 1993 to october 1994 , he has remained here ever since . he had spent ' many years ' trying to deal with his alcohol dependency . during that time he had been imprisoned for a string of offences ' largely and possibly exclusively as a consequence of his alcoholism ' , the judge ruled . no details of his crimes were given but none of them involved sexual assault , violence or other serious law-breaking . in july 2008 , after giving him five warnings , the home office told ' hu ' he would be deported , but he appealed and won on the grounds that it would breach his human rights . he continued to offend and a new deportation order was issued in january 2013 . an immigration court overturned that and yesterday it emerged that the department 's appeal had failed . 