lionel messi has recovered from his injured foot and should be fit to start sunday 's la liga match with celta vigo . the argentina forward sat out both of his country 's friendlies against el salvador and ecuador over the international break but , after arriving back in barcelona on thursday , was able to do some light running and stretching in training . messi is ahead of schedule in his recovery and a statement on the club 's website read : ' the inflammation of messi 's foot has improved and the player will attempt to join the rest of the internationals tomorrow . ' lionel messi waves to fans during a light training session at barcelona on thursday . messi had a light training session alongside compatriot javier mascherano as he recovers from foot injury . the pair returned to the barcelona training ground on thursday , 24 hours ahead of schedule . messi and mascherano stretch off during thursday 's training session , with celta vigo ahead on sunday . april 5 celta vigo ( a ) . april 8 almeria ( h ) . april 11 sevilla ( a ) . april 15 paris saint-germain ( a ) . champions league quarter-final , first leg . april 18 valencia ( h ) . april 21 paris saint-germain ( h ) . champions league quarter-final , second leg . the 27-year-old , who is the la liga top goalscorer with 32 goals , sustained the blow to his right foot in last month 's ' clasico ' win over real madrid . he trained alongside his compatriot javier mascherano on thursday and both are expected to rejoin the rest of the squad in a more intense session on friday . barcelona 's 2-1 success stretched their lead over their arch-rivals to four points with 10 matches remaining . real host granada on sunday , seeking to recover from a poor run of three defeats in four across all competitions . coach luis enrique will be making his first return to the balaidos stadium where he guided celta to a respectable ninth-place finish last season . and there is evidence that enrique 's legacy has lasted , with the team currently in 10th , having recorded some surprise results this season , including a 1-0 win at the nou camp back in november . neymar runs with the ball during barcelona 's training , closely watched by xavi . marc bartra and neymar during barcelona 's training session ahead of sunday 's trip to celta vigo . thomas vermaelen and marc-andre ter stegen are put through their paces at the ciutat esportiva . they have also taken four points off defending champions atletico madrid this season - winning 2-0 at home and drawing 2-2 away . with their formidable attacking trio of messi , neymar and luis suarez in top form , barca have every chance of winning the treble of league , copa del rey and champions league . they face athletic bilbao in the copa del rey final and have been drawn against paris saint-germain in the last eight of the champions league . barcelona in training ahead of sunday 's visit to celta vigo , where they will aim to extend their four-point lead . barcelona currently enjoy a four-point advantage over real madrid at the la liga summit . defender gerard pique said he has enjoyed watching the explosive forward line from the back this season . ' i think the team still has the same philosophy but we have a lot of options , ' pique said . ' with the three great players we have up front , we have n't had to change the way we play but we do deliver a lot of balls to them because we know they will create scoring chances . ' we still dominate games . the style and philosophy remain the same . barca always has to be the team that takes the initiative . '