searchers are desperately combing bushland and the banks of a lake for an autistic boy who went missing there on friday morning . luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground in fraser national park , central victoria at 9.30am on good friday . the 11-year old was camping in the national forest with his family , and it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused , and he may not even be aware he is lost . scroll down for video . luke shambrook was last seen on the national park at 9.30am on good friday . it is understood he wandered off and has not been seen since . they say the disappearance is completely out of character for him . a widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the air wing , dog squad , local police and ses members , along with campers around the surrounding areas . sergeant greg paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland . ' we 've got a lot of searchers in the bush , ' he told reporters on saturday . ' we 've also got people walking the banks of the lake . ' but he outlined a serious hurdle for the search efforts , according to abc . ' with the autistic condition , luke might not respond to searchers , he may not even know that he 's lost , ' he said . ' he wo n't necessarily respond to his name being called , but that might change a little bit as he gets hungry maybe . the candlebark campground in fraser national park , central victoria , where luke went missing on friday . a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams . lake eildon , near where luke went missing : police say conditions are favourable for his survival overnight , with warm temperatures through the day . sgt paul said there were hundreds of other campers in the area over the busy easter period , so there was a chance someone else could spot luke . police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight , with warm temperatures through the day . luke is described as being of medium build , about 150 cm tall with olive skin , brown hair and brown eyes . he was last seen wearing a black windcheater , black t-shirt , grey track-pants , grey boots and a scarf . sergeant greg paul said the search was focused on an area of several kilometres of bushland . searchers are desperately combing bushland and the banks of a lake for an autistic who went missing there . a widespread search is being carried by search and rescue teams including the dog squad and local police . 