kevin pietersen battered oxford’s students for 170 off 149 deliveries in his first game of red-ball cricket for 15 months – then insisted the incoming ecb chairman colin graves has told him everyone has a ‘ clean slate’ . pietersen’s quest for an improbable return to international cricket began as his scriptwriter must have known it would : with sumptuous strokes , a standing ovation and much of the old bravado . the fact that his first hundred since the old trafford test against australia in august 2013 came against a modest attack , at a windswept oxford , in a game not deemed first-class , is beside the point . pietersen’s only hope of playing for england again is to score lots of runs for surrey – wind , rain or shine . here was the first box ticked , in style . surrey 's kevin pietersen ( right ) celebrates reaching his 100 during the three-day match at the parks . pietersen makes his way out to the crease following the dismissal of rory burns . it was the 34-year-old 's first appearance for surrey since the lv= county championship in june 2013 . asked what graves had said to him when the pair spoke over the phone last month , pietersen replied : ‘ he said he wants the best players playing for england , and everyone has a clean slate . right now , it’s just about me hitting the red ball . i think it can help england going forward . ‘ i took confidence from the way i played in australia [ at the big bash ] . it was as well as i’ve ever batted . i’ve been given a lifeline , and i have an opportunity to get back to doing something i love that was taken away from me prematurely . ’ england meet west indies in antigua on monday , and comparisons will be inevitable . there will be mixed feelings both in the caribbean and at lord’s . whether pietersen’s journey will prove more futile than fruitful is another matter . the first aim of the new regime at the ecb has been to stop the sniping ; the second may be to keep pietersen sweet in case english cricket needs him after he retires , possibly in a mentoring capacity . regardless , the evidence here – as if it were required – suggested he is deadly serious about reclaiming his place . pietersen has played exclusively twenty20 cricket throughout the world since being axed by england . a young spectator points to a dent in her mother 's car made by one of pietersen 's shots . pietersen made 62 on his only prior appearance at the parks , for nottinghamshire in april 2004 . with surrey 122 for five at lunch , pietersen ( left ) found himself on 47 not out from 58 balls . nearly 10 years on from his ashes-clinching century at the oval , pietersen can not have imagined he would need to prosper in the parks simply to stay afloat . but in front of a crowd of several hundred – almost unheard of in these parts – and with surrey stumbling to 113 for five , he had a captive audience and a job to do . pietersen was careful at first , waiting until his eighth delivery to pinch his first run in red-ball cricket since the sydney test of january 2014 , and not finding the boundary until his 31st . then he opened up . his fifty came from 63 balls , his hundred from 110 , and his 150 from 137 . by the time he was out for 170 , caught at mid-on off the bowling of abidine sahande , a human sciences undergrad from st john’s college , the total was only 310 . he knocked one spectator off his stool with a fierce drive , dented a peugeot 207 with the first of two successive straight sixes , and unveiled his full repertoire . stealing headlines and causing damage , pietersen might never have been away . pietersen 's inclusion in surrey 's line-up attracted several hundred spectators and a number of photographers . 