the sailor who claimed to have ‘miraculously’ survived for 66 days at sea has responded to sceptics around the world – saying : ‘ god knows i am a truthful man’ . louis jordan , 37 , who was rescued 200 miles off the north carolina coast , said he survived for more than two months on his stricken boat by eating fish he caught by trailing dirty clothes in the ocean , and by catching rainwater in a bucket . but doubters have questioned how jordan – who declined medical help despite claiming to have broken a shoulder and who appears well-fed , with pale , unblemished skin – seemed in such good shape after such a gruelling ordeal . scroll down for video . louis jordan , second from left , walks from the coast guard helicopter to the sentara norfolk general hospital in norfolk , virginia . he left hours later after he refused treatment . doubters of jordan 's ordeal say that despite claiming to have broken a shoulder , he appeared to be well-fed , with pale , unblemished skin . rebutting his critics for the first time yesterday in an exclusive interview with the mail on sunday , he said : ‘ god knows i am a truthful man . my family knows i am telling the truth . the people who know me know that . ’ he added that the authorities had checked he had not withdrawn money from his bank account when he first went missing , though they will now scrutinise his credit card and bank statements for any activity during the period he says he was drifting . jordan said his morale was boosted by reading the bible from cover to cover , but claimed he lost 50 lbs after his supply of tinned food ran out and his diet was reduced to raw fish . he also gave colourful examples of his experiences , from encounters with two killer whales who had ‘ such beautiful faces , they looked so friendly’ , to sailing through shoals of glowing phosphorescent jellyfish at night . jordan pictured on his 35-foot boat , which during one storm in which jordan claims he broke his shoulder , lost its mast , rudder and radio . jordan had been living on his docked sailboat in conway , south carolina , before he told his family he was ' going into the open water ' to go fishing more than two months ago . jordan , an amateur sailor who had been living on his boat , the 35 ft angel , set off on a fishing trip from conway , south carolina , on january 23 . he was reported missing six days later . the sailor claims he broke his shoulder during one of the three times his boat was knocked over in heavy seas – destroying the mast , rudder and radio – yet he has shown no obvious sign of injury . last night a us coast guard spokesman said : ‘ we don’t have any reason to doubt him but nor can we confirm he spent all this time out there . we are looking forward to learning more about what exactly happened . we are as keen as anyone to find out the truth . ’ survival expert erik kulik , of the true north wilderness survival school , said : ‘ i would have expected him to be severely dehydrated . after refusing treatment at the hospital , jordan when right into taking part in television interviews about his experience . ‘ after that amount of time at sea he would have been wobbly on his feet and yet he seemed to walk perfectly . he says he broke his right shoulder and yet he didn’t even seem to be guarding that shoulder in the pictures i saw after the rescue . there is a lot that doesn’t add up . ’ jordan , who was rescued on thursday , said his shoulder injury had healed , adding : ‘ i have a bump but it’s fine . i feel no pain right now . after two months at sea it healed . ’ he said he survived through ‘ lots of prayer’ , reading the end time prophecies and catching seaweed , crabs and fish by trailing dirty laundry off the hull . he said : ‘ one day i caught a jellyfish and i know you can eat some types of jellyfish . i put it to my lips and it stung so badly ... i spat it out . i had to put charcoal in my mouth for 45 minutes to suck out the toxin . ’ he added : ‘ i don’t mind being criticised . to paraphrase the bible – fools hate to be criticised but wise men love to be criticised . ’ a u.s. coast guard crew rescued jordan by helicopter and said that he was smiling when they arrived . jordan says that his morale was boosted during the trip by reading the bible cover to cover . he claims lost 50 pounds and survived on raw fish and rain water .