it was not the role bradley neil would have wanted — the job of being the boy reminding augusta just how brilliant jordan spieth’s opening had been . for while the 21-year-old american was chewing up golf’s most spectacular course , the teenager from scotland was suffering the role in reverse . neil earned his invitation to the masters after winning the scottish boys championship in 2013 and then the british amateur championship last year . bradley neil finished 13 over par after competing in his first masters . still an amateur , the 19-year-old is being tipped for huge things when he does turn pro by no less a star than world no 1 rory mcilroy . and he had the calming influence of veteran fellow scot sandy lyle playing alongside him as he stepped on to the first tee hoping to recover from a six-over-par round on day one . there was promise as he atoned for hoisting his drive into the trees alongside the fairway with a recovery shot that put him 30 feet from the hole . but three putts later on the first of augusta’s lightning fast greens , memorably described by peter alliss as ‘ like trying to roll a ball down the bonnet of a car and stopping it before it falls off’ , reality was beginning to bite . the young scot has been tipped for big things by the likes of rory mcilroy . he did birdie the par-five second , but then came five more dropped shots to reach the turn in 41 , and the youngster finished the day on 79 , 13 over par in all and facing the truth that his big weekend was already over . ‘i’d prepared well for this , but it shows my game is not good enough yet , ’ he admitted . ‘ i need to work hard on it if i want to get back here . ‘i’m jealous that sandy gets to come back here every year , and i also want to do that in the future . ’ lyle , who won the green jacket in 1988 as one of the two major wins of his career , is 57 and a student of traditional hickory clubs — he won the world hickory open at carnoustie last year . he even used a putter from the bygone era as he made his 34th masters appearance . but although he three-putted only once , he carded a 76 to end day two at six over par .