while having six toes on the same foot would have once guaranteed you a place in a travelling circus , it seems polydactylism does have its bonuses in the sporting arena . unbeaten boxer danny garcia , who defeated amir khan in four rounds in 2012 , revealed he will carry an unusual advantage when he steps into the ring to face lamont peterson on saturday . when asked by entertainment channel tmz to reveal something embarrassing about himself , the us boxer explained he has an extra toe on his right foot before promptly removing his sock to show off his secret weapon . danny garcia ( 2nd left ) is set to fight lamont peterson ( 2nd right ) in a non-title fight on saturday . garcia ( 2nd right ) poses with ( l-r ) andy lee , peterson and peter quillin ahead of their new york showdown . garcia and lamont were all smiles as they faced each other in the kitchens ahead of their fight . ' that 's why i 'm never off balance and i 've never been down , ' he commented . the puerto rican-born fighter , who has a 29-0 ( 17 kos ) record and currently holds the ring magazine , wbc and wba ( super ) light welterweight titles , insists his new york showdown with peterson is important despite it being a non-title catchweight bout . speaking to sporting life , the 27-year-old said : ' it 's a big fight and it 's the fight that the fans wanted . we 're going to give the fans a great night of boxing , ' he said . the puerto rican-born fighter has revealed his special weapon , which has seen him never knocked down . the light welterweight champion stripped off his sock to show his six toes in an interview with tmz . garcia knocked out rod salka in his last fight to take his professional record to 29-0 with 17 kos . garcia walks away after putting salka on the canvas and insists he will ' kick butt ' against peterson . ' i 'm ready for whatever peterson brings . if he tries to box then i 'm going to go with that and if he wants to fight , i 'll be ready . i 'm not going to go in and just try to knock his head off , i 'm going to be danny garcia . ' we have common opponents like [ amir ] khan and [ lucas martin ] matthysse and we 've had different results . they say styles make fights so those results do n't matter . well , my style is to kick his butt . ' i 'd love to be fighting on the biggest stage in boxing against the mayweather and pacquiaos , but for now it 's just about taking it one fight at a time , this is history in the making . ' garcia knocked out amir khan inside four rounds to unify the light welterweight division in 2012 .     