leigh griffiths sure knows how to finish . and , in passing , how to make a point . left on the bench for wednesday night’s home clash with kilmarnock , perhaps uncertain over his place in the starting xi for sunday’s scottish cup semi-final against inverness , the celtic striker scored a 19-minute hat-trick to guide his team to a handsome 4-1 victory . the treble-chasing reigning champions came from a goal down , inspired by kris commons and the second-half introduction of griffiths , to record a win that takes them eight points clear at the top of the premiership – and lifts confidence ahead of their trip to hampden . hat-trick hero leigh griffiths with signed match ball and man of the match award . darryl westlake’s wickedly deflected strike early in the second half had given the visitors a shock lead completely against the run of play – only for commons to equalise in spectacular , if contested , fashion eight minutes later . as good and important as commons was for celtic , though , even his performance was overshadowed by the arrival of griffiths , who simply exploded on to the scene with three goals of supreme quality in less time than it takes for the average warm down . rightly named man of the match despite playing for just over half an hour , the former hibs front man eased all the frets and fears of home fans on a night that had looked to be slipping away from their team . celtic 's leigh griffiths ( right ) completes his hat-trick against kilmarnock . celtic had begun the night with a starting xi looking very much like the team deila might have been thinking about for hampden , all things being equal ; leaving stuart armstrong and gary mackay-steven , both suspended for the semi-final , on the bench suggested that he was giving his cup formation a gentle run out . against a kilmarnock team whose ambition rarely threatened to over-reach their ability , there were certainly passages of play that resembled nothing so uncompetitive as a training session . with lee miller plodding along on his lonesome up front and only the pace of left winger tope obadeyi carrying even the hint of a threat to the home side , the visitors – doughty in defence but reliably clumsy on the ball – were obviously intent on playing a containing game . griffiths collects the match ball after his second-half hat trick on wednesday night . maybe , just maybe , they’d catch celtic sleeping and grab a surprise goal . and , if not , well , a nil-nil at parkhead is never a disgrace , right ? the problem for those who turned up in anticipation of a football match was that , however well celtic played , attack against defence boasts only so much in the way of entertainment value . james forrest looked the most obvious outlet for a celtic breakthrough , the winger scampering down the left and finding space where none should have existed , though too often making the wrong call . the former scotland regular might have scored himself with seven minutes on the clock , tearing into the box and receiving an emilio izaguirre pass at pace , yet forrest’s first touch was half an ounce heavy – allowing young killie captain lee ashcroft to make a vital block on his shot . substitute griffiths came off the bench to spark celtic into life after lacklustre first-half . it didn’t take overly long for the crowd , such as it was on a night when empty seats abounded , to grow frustrated by the home team’s inability to get themselves ahead . virgil van dijk loping forward from central defence caused a few stirs of excitement , stefan johansen’s running beyond lone striker john guidetti promised at least a possibility or two . still space in the final third remained at a premium . home skipper scott brown should have done a great deal better with an izaguirre cut-back on the half-hour mark , failing to connect cleanly with the bouncing ball and watching it balloon high and wide of the target . would set-pieces , of which there were an increasing number , provide a more productive avenue of attack for celtic ? well , big van dijk came fairly close with a flashing header from a commons corner . in open play , an inability – or unwillingness – to let fly continued to be the running theme , one great guddle involving guidetti and forrest , neither finding that half yard needed to take a shot inside the box , moving the locals to howls of annoyance . if they were irked by their heroes showing less than perfect concentration in the art of opening up their opposition , kilmarnock’s opener had the home support in uproar when they took a hugely unexpected lead four minutes into the second half . celtic manager ronny deila ( left ) congratulates griffiths after the final whistle . two or three celtic players had a chance to close down and dispossess obadeyi as he made ground and tied defenders in on the flank , yet he kept hold of the ball long enough for support to arrive in the shape of westlake . sure , the midfielder’s shot took the kind of deflection for which there is no accounting , smacking jason denayer and spinning beyond a helpless craig gordon . but failure to apply due diligence at the back definitely contributed to the concession . their fans roused and their own pride hurt , celtic had to muster a quick response . step forward the captain , who pounced to nick the ball off the toe of sammy clingan – prompting immediately complaints of a dangerous challenge . griffiths was thrown into the fray before the game could be restarted , forrest making way as celtic tried to provide guidetti with more support up front . as substitutions go , not one of deila’s worst . griffiths had been on the park all of six minutes , in fact , when he put celtic ahead , rising to score with a downward header after commons had shown excellent skill and vision to drive towards the byeline , beat his man and dig out a cross to the back post . as soon as they went ahead , the shackles seemed to fall from the limbs of the home players . suddenly , they were finding space , making killer passes , creating openings and – most importantly – taking shots . none better than the 25-yarder that griffiths sent screaming past craig samson with 10 minutes remaining , the ball cannoning in off the keeper’s right-hand post . when he was put through behind the defence four minutes later , there was never any doubt about what would happen , the striker finishing low and hard past a shell-shocked samson .