a hit-and-run driver who killed a pregnant 21-year-old woman , her husband and their unborn child has been sentenced to life in prison . julio ' wemo ' acevedo , 46 , was found guilty of manslaughter and criminally negligent homicide after driving away from the scene of an accident that instantly killed nachman and raizel glauber in williamsburg , brooklyn . the driver , who was convicted in february , is thought to have been traveling in his bmw at 70mph , twice the speed limit , when the incident occurred just after midnight on march 3 , 2013 . julio acevedo ( left ) 46 , was given 25 years to life in prison on monday after driving away from the scene of an accident that killed a young hasidic jewish couple and their unborn child . acevedo was convicted of manslaughter in the deaths of 21-year-olds nachman and raizel glauber ( right ) . nachman and raizel glaubers , who were 7 months pregnant at the time of the crash , were heading to the hospital in this toyota camry livery cab when they were killed . the car the glaubers were riding in was t-boned by this bmw at an intersection in williamsburg , brooklyn . he repeated that the crash was an accident as he was sentenced on monday and said that he was remorseful , according to cbs new york . the 21-year-old glaubers , who were married in 2012 , were not wearing seat belts when the toyota camry they were riding in was t-boned by acevedo at an intersection . acevedo did not get out to help the young family and a witness said that he looked inside their livery cab before leaving on foot . doctors at bellevue hospital were able to deliver the 21-year-old glauber 's baby boy , but the child died the next day . acevedo 's criminally negligent homicide conviction stemmed from the death of the baby . the family 's orthodox jewish community , which had thousands of members gather to mourn the couple , offered a $ 15,000 award for information leading to the arrest of acevedo , who left the scene and could not be found in the days after the crash . he was eventually taken into custody four days after the accident , when he surrendered himself to police after arranging to meet them in bethlehem , pennsylvania . acevedo has a history of felonies , including a 1987 murder conviction that was overturned in 1997 because of new evidence showing that he was under duress when he killed kevin '50 cent ' martin , who inspired the name of rapper curtis '50 cent ' jackson . he later accepted a plea deal combining a manslaughter charge in the same case with a charge for a robbery he committed 12 days after being released . there are also gun and drug convictions on acevedo 's rap sheet , and he was awaiting an april court date for drunk driving when he hit the glaubers . acevedo , pictured after his pennsylvania arrest in 2013 , has a long rap sheet including previous convictions for manslaughter as well as gun and drug offences . acevedo , pictured after arrest , was said to be going 70mph , twice the speed limit , when he ran into the glaubers . the judge at monday 's sentencing said that because of his criminal pas acevedo was receiving a harsher sentence than the normal 15 year maximum for manslaughter . the criminal told reporters after his hit-and-run arrest that his illegal speeding was because he was afraid of being shot by someone who pulled out a gun and said , ' nothing is ever forgotten . ' the alleged incident may have been connected to his killing of martin , according to the daily beast . the bmw driver said that he was not going 70mph and had not been drinking before the crash . the glaubers ' cab driver pedro nunez delacruz , 32 at the time , sustained minor industries but survived , the new york post reported . relatives of the glaubers were emotional as the verdict came down on monday . ' there are no words that can adequately express the pain and anguish that we have endured in the last two years , ' nachman 's mother , henny glauber said . there are no words that can adequately express the pain and anguish that we have endured in the last two years , ' nachman 's mother , henny glauber ( pictured ) , said .