angelina jolie may have made the character world famous , but australia has its very own lara croft in the flesh , and her skill at playing call of duty has gained her thousands of devotees and a new job career . instead of going to work in an office , the brisbane gamer known only as bonnie doll starts up her xbox and goes on a killing spree with followers of her live stream . originally from sweden , bonnie has been living in australia since 2007 . playing call of duty with others has become such a financial success that she has been able to give up her job working in hospitality . scroll down for video . tome raider : bonnie doll is australia 's answer to lara croft in the gaming world . followers of her live stream pay a subscription to join her online and also give donations . bonnie used to work in hospitality , but once she started live streaming call of duty there was no looking back . ' i got partnered with twitch.tv a few months after i started streaming . i think i realised when i got enough funds from streaming i could pay the bills and have sufficient income to live comfortably , ' bonnie told daily mail australia . ' i still sometimes have to pinch myself when i think that i can work from home playing video games and just interact with people . ' although the 28-year-old would not say exactly how much she now earned it was a good deal more than she got working in her previous job in the hospitality industry . ' being partnered with twitch.tv means you get a percentage from your monthly subscribers and also ad revenue . another big part is from donators ( direct supporters of the stream ) , ' she said . she now has more than 45,000 global followers on streaming platform twitch . bonnie 's twitch channel has had almost one million views so far . impressive numbers : boonie has more than 8,000 followers on instagram too . subscribers can also talk to bonnie through team speak or snap chat while they play . being an attractive young woman does no harm either in this kind of business and bonnie has no problem putting on the style if she feels like it . ' of course i like dressing up ! especially dresses , ' she told daily mail australia . ' i might not be going out to an actual work place and interact with people that way but being on a camera - where some days my channel might have over 10,000 channel clicks - i like to look and feel nice . ' but some mornings i might just jump on with a cup of hot tea and a unicorn onesie . ' her love of the video game call of duty has provided her with a new business opportunity . however , not even this can save her from online trolls and fanatical fans . bonnie admitted that this was the worst part of the job and has had her computer address and phone number leaked to others . ' it can make me uncomfortable and sometimes scared . gender attacks were hard at first , ' she says . 'i’ve gotten used to it by now and just shake it off and don’t take it personally . unfortunately its everywhere online these days and you can’t bring yourself down by listening to haters . ' i try to focus on the good audience in my streams , they are the ones that make me want to get up in the morning and do what i do . ' bonnie can play the game in the privacy of her own home and still earn some cash . the attractive bonnie is constantly fending off the attentions of fanatical fans who ask her out on dates . bonnie used to share a house with a friend who owned an xbox and mw2 back in 2009 and started playing then . since that day she has n't looked back . ' when you first start playing and you start stacking up the score streaks and kills and feel better and better at the game - it 's hard to stop . you start making friends , getting involved with the community and it just became a big part of my life , ' she said . currently she has more than 52,000 global followers on streaming platform twitch and her channel has had almost one million views , with more than 8,000 followers on instagram too . ‘we’ve a great community growing together and i would love for you to come join us , take your shoes off and make yourself comfortable , ’ is bonnie’s invitation on twitch . chilling at home while earning some money has turned out to be the ideal job for bonnie . working from home : her normal work hours are from 8am to 2pm , monday to friday . her normal work day starts at generally at 8am to 2pm ( brisbane time ) , monday to friday . as for consoles , bonnie mostly uses xbox 1 and xbox 360 . she did not say if she had a man in her life but she’s not lonely . ‘i’ve got two adorable staffys ( staffordshire bull terriers ) called mr leeroy jenkins and sammi psycho ; and three cats boston , jackson and georgia , ’ she says on twitch . 