hudson swafford shot a 6-under 66 for a share of the zurich classic lead with boo weekley when second-round play was suspended friday because of the threat of severe weather . swafford had an 11-under 133 total at tpc louisiana . weekley , the first-round leader after a 64 , also was 11 under with three holes left . jason day , ranked sixth in the world , was 5 under for the round through 14 holes , pulling him into a five-way tie for third at 10 under with brandon de jonge , cameron tringale , former zurich champion jerry kelly and daniel berger . tringale had a 65 , and de jonge shot 70 . kelley was on the 18th green when play was stopped , and berger had three holes left . hudson swafford watches his tee shot on the 18th hole on day two at the zurich classic . boo weekley tees off on the 5th hole at tpc louisiana in avondale on friday . second-round play was scheduled to resume saturday at 8 a.m. cdt . the field remained tightly packed with birdies seemingly harder to come by friday . many players cited a combination of wind , soggy turf from recent rain and thick , swampy air as reasons for the course to play even longer than usual . six players were tied for eighth , two shots off the lead . they were chad campbell , morgan hoffman , steven bowditch , justin thomas , chris stroud and david hearn . seven more players were at 8 under , including marc leishman , who returned to the pga tour this weekend after taking a month off from golf to tend to family when his wife became gravely ill . with his wife , recovering , leishman came to new orleans saying he just wanted to knock off some rust and was keeping expectations low . he did a lot better than that and is now in line for a nice pay-day , given officials were estimating the cut line at four under . swafford chips on to the 17th green before ending the day tied for the lead on 11-under . marc leishman ( right ) takes a drop after hitting into the water on the 18th hole . leishman was at 10 under through 17 holes , putting him in position to set a tpc louisiana record with a birdie on the par-5 18th . but after a booming drive , leishman gambled on an aggressive second shot , using his driver on the fairway . he pushed his ball right into the water . when play was stopped , he was on the fringe , lying four , needing to sink his next shot saturday morning to tie the course record of 62 . swafford , in only his second season on the tour , had six birdies and no bogeys during his second round , putting him in position to contend for what would be his maiden pga tour victory . his best finish so far is tied for eighth at the frys.com open last october , though his most impressive outing may have been at last month 's arnold palmer invitational at bay hill , where he tied for 11th . weekley , meanwhile , continued to play well with new shafts that he credited for a strong first round after missing the cut in three of his previous four tournaments . england 's justin rose is just four shots off the lead on 7-under , while rickie fowler is one shot off the projected cut as he finished the day on 3-under after his round was stopped at the 15th . england 's justin rose tees off on the 3rd hole during his second round at the zurich classic . rickie fowler watches his shot on the second hole as the american battles to make the cut .