mohamed diame will make his long-awaited return for hull when the tigers travel to swansea on saturday . hull boss steve bruce has confirmed that the sengalese midfielder , signed for £3.5million from west ham in the summer but who has been out for more than four months with a knee injury , will be involved at some stage of the match . bruce said : ' he will be involved . physically he 's immense , he 's terrific , but he has been out for four months with a horrible injury . mohamed diame is set to return from injury for hull city 's visit to swansea city on saturday . the return of the £3.5m senegalese midfielder is a boost for hull as they face a relegation battle . hull are currently just three points above the premier league drop zone with eight matches remaining . april 4 swansea city ( a ) . april 11 southampton ( a ) . april 18 liverpool ( h ) . april 25 crystal palace ( a ) . may 4 arsenal ( h ) . may 9 burnley ( h ) . may 16 tottenham hotspur ( a ) . may 24 manchester united ( h ) . ' he 's okay but we have to careful with him , though we also only have eight games left . let 's hope he stays injury-free because he had a wonderful start with us here - four goals in seven games . ' he has trained and he has done everything he can physically in training . i would have loved to have had him back before but it was not possible . ' the 27-year-old french-born midfielder 's return could not be more timely for hull as they look to secure their premier league status for another season , and defender james chester is also available again after a dislocated shoulder . bruce admitted that hull , currently 15th in the table , have a tough run-in - what he referred to as ' the tickly bit ' of the season - but insists the side are in good form . he added : ' in the last few weeks we have played well but we have not got the results we hoped for . now we have to make sure we turn those performances into points . ' manager steve bruce is pleased to have diame back as hull enter the ' tricky bit of the season ' . owner assem allam has again applied to the football associations that the team 's name become hull tigers . bruce added that he hoped the ongoing debate over the proposed name change for the club can be put to one side for the rest of the season - an arbitration panel has ruled that owner assem allam can make another application to change the name to hull tigers after it was initially refused by the fa council who took into account opposition from fans ' groups . ' for what he has done for the club , putting it on the map and putting in his hard-earned money , the owner is entitled to have an opinion , ' said bruce . ' hopefully there 's a middle ground but at the moment i hope it can be put to one side and we make sure that hull city/hull tigers are in the premier league next season and we can have that debate in the summer . ' 