kim kardashian is undoubtedly the queen of self-promotion , posting ' selfie ' snaps to her millions of followers on a daily basis and even releasing a book filled with her self-taken pictures . and now , kim 's secret weapon to achieving the perfect photo has seemingly been revealed . buzzfeed is convinced that the social media superstar has been using facetune to edit her selfies - a £2.99 photo editing app designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ' perfection ' . scroll down for video . spot the difference ? bianca london and martha cliff used facetune to edit their selfies . the £2.99 photo editing app is designed to help you edit your portrait photographs into ' perfection ' - but the results were rather scary ... and obvious . not only can you remove spots , improve skin texture and enhance eyes , but you can also fix grey hair , reshape your face and even fill in bald patches . you can also whiten teeth , remove wrinkles and elongate or shorten a face entirely before instantly sharing the retouched photos to facebook , instagram , twitter , flickr or tumblr , or via email . most of the tools are easy to use and you simply have to zoom and pan , then use your finger to paint on the effect . femail 's bianca london , anucyia victor and martha cliff tested it out to trim down their figures - with quite startling results . anucyia victor , left , before , and , right , after , tested out the tools , which are easy to use - you simply have to zoom and pan and use your fingers to alter your waistline . the founders of the app - which femail tested : before , left , and , after , right - say they have a strong background in the academia , which they used to take the most exciting , state of the art technologies and integrated them into a product in the most user-friendly way . the ' reshape ' and ' resize ' tools let you modify your figure by lengthening your legs , sucking in your waist or trimming down your arms . it is , however , slightly obvious what you 're up to . one look at the background of the image and you can see the wall has a curve and is slightly distorted . countless celebrities - including beyonce , kendall jenner and kim kardashian - have been called out on mishaps like this by savvy social media users . not only can you remove spots , improve skin texture and enhance eyes with the app , but you can also fix grey hair and reshape your face . martha cliff , left , before , and , right , after using it . the app , which bianca london , left , before , and , right , after , tried out , claims to give any user the ability to achieve high-end , realistic looking results , comparable only to what a professional can achieve on the desktop with photoshop . the app 's founders do , however , think they 're onto something with their latest offering . ' facetune is different , ' said zeev farbman , lightricks ceo . ' unlike other apps , it gives any user the ability to achieve high-end , realistic looking results , comparable only to what a professional can achieve on the desktop with photoshop . ' he then explained how this was achieved : ' we have a strong background in the academia , which we used to take the most exciting , state of the art technologies , that were never seen on mobile devices , and integrated them into a product in the most user-friendly way . ' with the tiniest bit of effort , everyone can get great looking photos of themselves . ' and it seems that our image conscious society are rushing to improve their cyber image because when it was released , it was the third most popular app on itunes just behind what 's app and the catchphrase game . photoshop master peeje t told radaronline that shots of kim and her pal blac chyna on instagram may have been ' manipulated ' to enhance the keeping up with the kardashians star 's shapely figure . drawing the background of one of kim 's pics as an example , peeje t. explained the slight curvature of the door frame could be proof that kanye west 's wife has been digitally doctoring her snaps . kim often showcases her trim figure on her instagram page via a series of selfies but some experts say her waist appears smaller in her selfie ( left ) compared with pictures later taken by the paparazzi ( right ) . while some of her kim kardashian 's instagram snaps , left , have no apparent signs of distortion , she does appear slightly different - perhaps due to a filter - to paparazzi shots from the same event , right . 