a father-of-three who was attacked by a knife-wielding robber has revealed he thought he was going to die in the 40-second assault . mohammad ali akhtar was only on his second shift at the premier stores in flixton , greater manchester , when the man stormed in brandishing a large kitchen knife and demanded all the money from the till . cctv footage shows the hooded thief vault the counter around 8.45pm on tuesday before wrestling with the brave cashier , who refused his demands . scroll down for video . mohammad ali akhtar , pictured ( left ) just after the assault , was attacked by a knife-wielding robber at the premier stores in flixton , greater manchester , and has revealed he thought he was going to die . mr akhtar , who had to have 14 stitches in his ear and surgery on his hand after the attack , said : ' a man came in with a mask over his face . ' i started to tell him to take his mask off but before i could even complete what i was saying , he took the knife out of his sleeve and was said , `` give me the cash '' . ' in the first second i did n't know what i should do , but then i thought , `` well i 've just got to tackle him '' . ' at one point in the footage the pair can both be seen grappling over the knife before the shopkeeper was stabbed . this is the moment that a shopkeeper bravely tackled a knife-wielding raider who stormed into his store . mr akhtar said : ' in those few seconds of my life i thought i would die and i could see the knife waving around in front of my face as i was tackling him to the floor . ' i was just thinking of my wife and my children and what would happen if i was n't here for them anymore , then i felt the sharp stabs to my ear , nose and finger . ' the thief eventually managed to stagger to his feet and flee the shop empty-handed , pursued by the shopkeeper . the cashier later told police that the raider was white , between 16 to 18-years-old and was wearing black clothing . he added that he feels scared when he walks into his family kitchen and sees a knife . the raider , wearing dark coloured clothing , stormed into premier stores in flixton , manchester . the robber , armed with a large kitchen knife , leapt over the counter after demanding all the money from the till . ' i ca n't sleep and keep re-playing it in my head and i 'm always checking on the children in the night , ' he said . detective constable andrew warren said : ' first of all , i would like to commend the bravery of the victim , who despite suffering a stab wound still managed to fight off his attacker and ensure he ran away with nothing . ' however , this attack shows just how important it is that we identify this offender as soon as possible , as he was willing to resort to potentially lethal force for the sake of a few pounds . ' i would like to ask people to have a good look at the footage . ' i know his face is covered but if there is anything about his clothes , the way he walks or anything that you think you recognise , please contact police . ' the pair exchanged blows as they fought behind the counter of the convenience store . the shopkeeper was stabbed in the ear and hand before the raider managed to get to his feet and flee empty-handed . the knife wounds did not stop the brave shopkeeper trying to pursue his attacker .