a cat who had been stuck in a wall at a cairo train station for five years has been freed at last . biso had squeezed into the hole in the wall at the mohamed naguib metro station as a kitten in 2010 - but then soon became to big to escape . he survived thanks to an elderly man named uncle abdo , who gave the trapped cat water and fed him scraps of food every day . scroll down for video . biso the cat , who was stuck behind a wall in a cairo train station for five years , has finally been freed . the cat survived thanks to an elderly man called uncle abdo who fed him scraps of food every day . now , the feline in finally free thanks to a social media campaign , according to the cairo post . animal rights activist mounira shehata told the newspaper the smell when the wall was removed was ' heinous ' . she said : ' it was like a tomb . there were black worms along four meters of the edge , where uncle abdo was able to put in food for biso . ' uncle abdo , who named the cat , said biso would regularly hide from bigger cats in the hole , but one day , squeezed inside and was not able to come out again . he added that workers had tried to rescue the cat years ago , but a scared biso had stayed behind the wall . and uncle abdo even visited the station to feed biso during the revolution in egypt in 2011 , when most stores , including his own , were closed . uncle abdo even came to feed biso during the the revolution in egypt in 2011 , when his shop was closed . ' i do it for god . what is for god does not go away , ' he told masr al-arabia . biso 's plight came to the attention of animal activists after a picture of the cat 's tail hanging from behind the wall was posted on facebook last month . a caption explained that the wall could not be broken to free the animal because it would be considered damage to public property . the picture caught the attention of ms shehata and her fellow animal rights activists marwa elgebaly and rania el-kordy - who all decided to go save the cat on march 12 . staff at the station told the trio they would need to return a couple of days later , when a maintenance official would be able to help . and after dina zulfikar , an animal rights worker , filed a report at the abdeen police station march 13 , officers arrived at the metro station . biso 's plight came to the attention of animal activists after a picture of his tail was posted on facebook . but the terrified cat quickly ran off after his rescue from behind the wall at the mohamed naguib metro station . they told the head of mohamed naguib metro station , in downtown cairo , of the prosecution order to rescue biso . workers were brought in to help - and the rescue mission took more than five hours . the terrified cat only emerged from the hole after one worker , named amr , went inside to bring him out . sadly , biso then quickly ran away before anyone was able to catch him . uncle abdo is still looking for him inside the station . 