conflicting stance : ed miliband , pictured during a speech yesterday , will today announce a ' clear , credible plan ' on immigration . ed miliband will today claim labour’s attitude to immigration has ‘changed’ – despite still refusing to put any upper limit on the numbers allowed in . in an audacious move , the labour leader will insist that he offers a ‘ clear , credible and concrete plan on immigration – not false promises’ . he will say : ‘ we will deal with people’s concerns because we have listened , we have learned and we have changed . ’ but , only hours before the key election speech was due to be delivered , his own shadow home secretary refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration . under intense pressure during a home affairs debate on the bbc’s daily politics show , yvette cooper would say only she wanted the number to be lower than the current 300,000 . presenter andrew neil had pointed out that , in office , labour had ‘ virtually opened the door’ to record migration . during labour’s 13 years in power , the foreign-born population rocketed by 3.6million . home secretary theresa may , trading blows with ms cooper in the debate , said : ‘ the choice is clear . back to a labour home office which they admitted was not fit for purpose , or the conservatives , who have a plan to reform free movement , cut immigration , defeat extremism and keep cutting crime . ’ the tories are fighting the election on a commitment to reduce net migration to the ‘ tens of thousands’ . speaking in the vale of glamorgan today , mr miliband will claim that labour would implement a ten-point plan for curbing immigration during its first 100 days in office . it includes recruiting an additional 1,000 border staff , banning recruitment agencies from hiring only from overseas and making it illegal for employers to undercut wages by exploiting workers . however , the tories are likely to point out that a number of the proposals are already in the process of being implemented . they include the introduction of full exit checks to count people in and out of the country and ‘ stopping those who have committed serious crimes coming to britain’ . mr miliband is expected to say : ‘ david cameron once promised to cut net immigration to tens of thousands – and told us to kick him out of office if he didn’t deliver . but , only hours before the key election speech was due to be delivered , his own shadow home secretary yvette cooper ( pictured ) refused at least four times to say labour would put a target on net immigration . union boss len mccluskey last night hailed ed miliband as britain’s next prime minister and said the country stood on the ‘ brink of change’ . the unite general secretary praised labour for a series of ‘radical’ policies , including the ‘freeze’ on energy prices , the mansion tax and the 50p income tax rate . and he praised mr miliband for planning to repeal ‘ some of the worst anti-union’ laws with a commission headed by john monks , the former tuc general secretary . addressing a rally of trade unionists in london , mr mccluskey , whose union is labour’s biggest donor , said : ‘ our nation stands on the brink of change . ‘ in ten days the people will cast their vote . they will pass their judgment on the last five years of tory coalition , on the labour party and on ed miliband – as our leader and our next prime minister . ’ he said labour offered ‘ something different’ and told the audience : ‘ is it radical enough ? you judge for yourself . ’ labour would ‘ end bogus self-employment and put a stop to the zero-hour contracts that have become a stain on our nation , ’ mr mccluskey added . ‘ on tax they’re going to tackle non-doms , a 50p tax rate for those who can afford it , a mansion tax and above all tackling tax avoidance . ’ he said david cameron’s pledge to ‘ finish the job’ of deficit reduction were ‘ perhaps the scariest words in the english language’ . last week mr mccluskey was caught boasting that trade unions ‘own’ the labour party and its policies . in the unite magazine he wrote : ‘ the labour party is our party , we built it , to serve us . these are our policies . they are now within our grasp . ’ ‘ but net migration rose to 298,000 last year , almost exactly three times higher than he promised . nothing damages people’s faith in politics more than broken promises like that – or those he is still making today . ' i will only make promises i can keep . i won’t offer false targets or seek to exploit concerns with the politics of fear . instead , i am offering clear , credible and concrete ways of making a real difference . ’ he will add : ‘ immigration is too important an issue for our country to be abandoned by the prime minister so it can be exploited by nigel farage . ’ last week , david cameron made a passionate plea to ukip voters not to risk letting in a labour government that will allow ‘ a return to uncontrolled immigration’ . writing exclusively for the daily mail , he said he understood people’s ‘ fears and worries’ about immigration . it followed a poll showing six in ten are unhappy with the government’s record . mr cameron wrote : ‘ do you honestly think ed miliband cares about controlling immigration ? no . ‘ he was there the last time , remember , when net immigration increased fivefold . ’ mr miliband has apologised for the calamitous underestimate of the number of eastern europeans who would arrive in britain when the eu’s border’s expanded eastwards in 2004 . but he refuses to accept that unprecedented levels of non-eu migration were a mistake . one ex-labour adviser notoriously said the party’s aim was to ‘ rub the right’s nose in diversity’ . ■ ed miliband has revealed that a labour government would legalise humanist weddings . the move could lead to a clamour for other unconventional unions , including jedi and druid marriages , to be given the same status as traditional weddings . mr miliband told pink news his government would look to give the controversial ceremonies the same status as religious and civil unions . there was widespread support for humanist marriage across parliament during the passage of the equal marriage act , including from labour . ‘ we still support the legal recognition of humanist marriages and we’ll review the law , ’ said mr miliband . the uk’s first pagan wedding took place last month in scotland . 