a dress worn by vivien leigh when she played scarlett o'hara in the classic 1939 film gone with the wind has fetched $ 137,000 at auction . heritage auctions offered the gray jacket and skirt , featuring a black zigzag applique , plus more than 150 other items from the academy award-winning film at auction on saturday in beverly hills , california . the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie , including when scarlett o'hara encounters rhett butler , played by clark gable , and when she gets attacked in the shanty town . scroll down for video . an outfit worn in several scenes of the 1939 film gone with the wind by vivien leigh as she played scarlett o'hara sold for $ 137,000 at auction on saturday . the dress - a jacket and full skirt ensemble - was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie but has suffered a little with age and has faded to light gray from original slate blue-gray color . the outfit has suffered a little with age , however . when leigh wore it in the movie , it was slate blue-gray but over the years it has faded to light gray . it was one of more than 150 items that were part of the private collection of james tumblin , formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department at universal studios . tumblin began collecting onscreen costumes , props and behind-the-scenes artifacts from the film in the 1960s , amassing a collection of more than 300,000 pieces of memorabilia . during a visit to the western costume company he spotted the scarlett o'hara dress on the floor . he learned that the dress was about to be thrown away and negotiated a deal to buy it for $ 20 . tumblin has ' devoted his life and efforts to promoting hollywood and this film , touring his items throughout the united states , ' said kathleen guzman , managing director of heritage auctions . gone with the wind , which celebrated its 75th anniversary last year , was based on margaret mitchell 's 1936 best-selling book about a spoiled old south socialite , played by vivien leigh , and co-starred clark gable as rhett butler . hattie mcdaniel ( left ) , olivia dehavilland ( middle ) , and vivien leigh : mcdaniel famously became the first african-american actor to be nominated for and win an academy award . other top selling items from the auction were a straw hat worn by leigh that sold for $ 52,500 ; the trousers and jacket from a suit worn by clark gable as rhett butler , selling for $ 55,000 ; and a black bonnet worn by both leigh and olivia de havilland as melanie wilkes , which fetched $ 30,000 . gone with the wind , which celebrated its 75th anniversary last year , was based on margaret mitchell 's 1936 best-selling book about a spoiled old south socialite . actress hattie mcdaniel , who played scarlett 's devoted nanny mammy , a slave , famously became the first african-american actor to be nominated for and win an academy award .