a heroic mother saved her daughter from the jaws of a 13ft crocodile in a 10-minute long battle , armed only with a wooden washing paddle . diwalinen vankar , 58 , had gone with her 19-year-old daughter kanta , to the bank of the vishwamitri river , 40 kilometres from vadodara , in west india , to wash their clothes . as they were wringing out their laundry , a mugger crocodile grabbed kanta 's right leg and dragged her into the murky river . diwalinen vankar , 58 , ( pictured left ) fought off a 13ft crocodile with a washing paddle after it attacked her 19-year-old daughter kanta ( right ) . a crocodile grabbed diwalinen vankar 's daughter 's legs on the banks of the vishwamitri river in west india and dragged her into the river - her mother rescued her by hitting it with a washing paddle ( stock image ) . the sudden attack rattled vankar , who hastily grabbed her daughter 's hand to try and pull her free from the clutches of the crocodile . but the mugger crocodile clasped its powerful jaws round her daughter with its razor-sharp teeth . vankar said : ' i was using all my force to pull her back , but the crocodile was so powerful i could not move her an inch . ' for a moment i felt the crocodile would drown my daughter as it tried to roll into the water . ' but the quick-thinking mother then decided to attack the crocodile - that can grow up to 15 feet long - with her washing paddle . ' for several minutes i tried to pull her with my hands , but then i got hold of the wooden bat and started hitting its head forcefully ' , she said . ' her leg was trapped between the piercing teeth as she cried in pain , her hands were scratching the river bank to get a grip but it did n't let her go . ' it took me 10 minutes to finally free her from its jaws . ' kanta suffered a leg injury after the crocodile grabbed her right leg and dragged her into the murky river . this map shows the vishwamitri river , near vadodara , where the attack by the crocodile took place . vankar said she went to wash her clothes in the river as there was a lack of water and electricity in the village . after hearing the commotion , villagers rushed to help and drove kanta to hospital , where doctors were treated her for a leg injury . she has since been discharged . speaking from the hospital , her mother said : ' i thank god for saving my daughter . the injuries are not that serious and doctors say she will be fine in sometime . ' she said they had been forced to wash their clothes in the river because of a shortage of water and electricity in the village , but vowed never to return . a wildlife officer said the river is home to ferocious crocodiles and villagers have been warned to steer clear of the river . ' she has miraculously survived . these crocodiles are huge and ferocious , ' ashok pandya , vadodara wildlife officer told the times of india . ' we have been warning them not to go near the river . ' last year , six people were killed in crocodile attacks across vadodara . there are more than 200 crocodiles in the vishwamitri river . diwalinen vankar , 58 , who fought off a crocodile to save her daughter kanta , 19 , pictured with her husband ishwar and two other sons at their house in india .  