a woman who may be a ' possible dui driver ' led the california highway patrol on a slow-speed chase , and even stopped at traffic lights , through los angeles for almost an hour , officers said . the chp became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black suv on a freeway in orange county around 12:30pm wednesday . the woman was ' weaving , accelerating and slowing down , ' according to a tweet by the official chp southern division twitter . scroll down for video . a woman who may be a ' possible dui driver ' led the california highway patrol on a slow-speed chase , that included stopping at traffic lights ( pictured in the black car ) , for almost an hour , officers said . the chase finally came to an end in pasadena when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman 's suv and sent the car into a slow spin . the woman then exited her vehicle and raised her hands up . unlike typical police chases , the woman was n't speeding and was driving at 35 and 40mph , chp officer juan galvan told ktla . the woman stopped for red lights , but galvan said she was weaving in and out of traffic lanes and failed to yield when authorities tried to stop her . patrol officers left their vehicles twice after she halted at two stoplights , but continued their pursuit when she kept on driving , according to nbc southern california . the chase finally came to an end around 1:15pm when one patrol officer tapped the rear bumper of the woman 's suv - known as a pursuit intervention technique . this sent the car into a slow spin . the woman then exited her vehicle and raised her hands up . she was taken into custody without incident . the woman was ' possibly a dui driver ' and authorities are currently determining whether alcohol or drugs were a factor in her behavior , according to chp officer edgar figueroa . the chp became aware of the woman after someone called 911 to report there was an erratic driver in a black suv on a freeway in orange county around 12:30pm wednesday .