disciplining a child for doing something wrong is a tricky business . coming up with a punishment that will teach a son or daughter not to commit the crime again but is n't harsh enough to scar them for life is tough . often , the best schemes are ones that embarrass a child so that they are too mortified to consider falling foul of their parents again . choosing the right punishment for a naughty child is a difficult business ( picture posed by model ) . others that work very well include the mind-numbingly dull chores , which drag on for a lifetime . some cunning parents take away their child 's favourite possession , like a book or a teddy , while others resort to a lengthy lecture . one thing 's for sure , when most parents put their mind to disciplining their child , a trip to the naughty step starts to look like a weekend a way at butlins . reddit users have been comparing the most effective punishments their parents doled out when they were children and many of the schemes are both hilarious and genius . parents often struggle to find the balance between a punishment being effective and not too harsh ( picture posed by model ) . one reddit user 's mother used her son 's naughty behaviour as a cheap means to improve her house . every time that he stepped out of line - she set him a diy task in her garden . douglerful said : ' my mom loves her garden , anytime i did anything to piss her off i had to add to her garden . when i told her i was failing english back in high school my punishment was to build her a pond - it took me a solid week of work to dig it out , line it , shape it , fill it and then plant [ everything ] around it . ' she told me after that , that she really hated the 30 year old cherry tree in the yard and if my grades did n't improve i 'd be removing it . ' it turns out quite a lot of parents use their back gardens to enact punishments onto their children - another adult reminisced about how they were put to task on the lawn with some scissors . some parents task their children with cutting the lawn with scissors ( picture posed by model ) . other boring tasks included making a child write a letter or essay on what they did wrong . watchyourback said : ' my mom made me write apology letters from when i was little up into high school . not only did i hate writing them , but she kept all of them so now they 're great for a laugh . ' many mothers and fathers use their child 's favourite toy or book as a way to guarantee good behaviour in the future . a user who calls themself futureblackpopstar said : ' i have an older brother that loved to annoy me . ' one day i was a bad boy so my parents took away my gameboy and put my older brother in charge of it for 2 weeks - the torment was real . ' another person 's mother took a more drastic approach , removing everything from her child 's bedroom . a user called imnotacrazyperson said : ' when i was younger , i p***** off my mom pretty good and when i got home from school my bedroom was empty . she took everything out , my tv , vcr , clothes , even my pillow and sheets . ' i had to do chores and earn back everything bit by bit , one chore for each item . ' i started with my pillow , blankets , sheets , and clothes so i could sleep and go to school the next day . ' it took me nearly two weeks to get everything back - i tried pretty hard after that not to get on her bad side too much after that . ' many mothers and fathers use their child 's favourite toy or book as a way to guarantee good behaviour in the future ( picture posed by model ) . some parents applied the same logic to their child 's wardrobe , taking away all of their favourite clothing , so that they had to live in embarrassingly uncool clothes . one user wrote : ' my 7 year old daughter who loves fashion f***** up real bad one day - we had tried every standard punishment and nothing ever seemed to phase her . ' then my husband had the idea to ' ground her from fashion ' and we made her wear solid coloured t-shirts with plain jeans and trainers to school with no accessories for two weeks ... that one got her attention . ' many parents like to adopt the tactic of embarrassing their child , especially when it comes to a punishment after someone has been caught shoplifting . one user said : ' the first and only time i stole something i was 13 and got caught at a bookstore in nyc for stealing a couple of dvds . ' my dad walked me around the city for hours forcing me to tell strangers on the way that i was a thief and to tell them what i had done . ' almost everyone he had me tell on the subways and buses/streets gave me mixed reactions and disapproval . ill never steal again . ' often , the best schemes are ones that embarrass a child so that they are too mortified to consider falling foul of their parents again ( picture posed by model ) . for some , the solution to a pair of children who wo n't stop arguing seems impossible , but some appear to have found a novel solution to making them get along - force them together . knight0fspadessaid : ' i have a friend who , whenever she would fight with her brother , her parents would make the go into the yard and hold hands for two hours . ' another pair of arguing siblings were even forced to wear the same item of clothing . jrwrenosaid : ' me and my sister had to share a big shirt , just enough to fit us in , but tight enough to restrict our arm within the shirt . ' we had to depend on each other to get s*** done , because we both lost the use of one arm . ' it only took once wearing it out to the church potluck to be permanently shamed into obedience . ' while many parents have come up with ingenious ways to make their offspring toe the line , the prize for cleverest of all us to go to user sixth_in_line , who has come up with a brilliant trick to stop her niece from watching too much television . she wrote : ' i have her convinced that tvs get sick and that you have to read to them before they get better . '