one of the less celebrated aspects of richie benaud’s remarkable career were his regular appearances in that part of the press box which houses the written journalists . benaud was first and foremost a television broadcaster , a man of unusually wry wit who once responded on air to colleague chris broad’s malapropism ( ‘ honestly , you run out of expletives when describing the fielding of jonty rhodes’ ) without skipping a beat : ‘ which particular one did you have in mind ? ’ but benaud also penned a regular column for the news of the world , taking his place among the hacks – not all tv men take the trouble – to craft his copy whenever a test match was going on . richie benaud , pictured in january 2013 , has died at the age of 84 after a battle with skin cancer . benaud was one of cricket 's great personalities and will be remembered for his dry wit and knowledge . tributes are seen at the statue of benaud at the sydney cricket ground after his passing . it was said he would regularly file 700 or 800 words , of which maybe 150 or 200 would see the light of day . but , a professional to his core , benaud kept on filing . he loved cricket , and he loved conveying his love , by visual means or verbal . that much was evident during his playing days . he won 63 test caps between january 1952 and february 1964 , collecting 248 wickets with his leg-spin ( at a very good average of 27 ) and scoring 2,201 runs at 24 . but it was the style as much as the stats . it was often an understated era , typified by jim laker’s steadfast refusal to celebrate any of the 19 wickets he took against australia at old trafford in 1956 ( benaud c statham b laker 0 ; benaud b laker 18 ) . benaud did his best to change all that . sport was fun , emotional and human : if he got a wicket , he’d do more than hitch his trousers up , laker-style . he’d whoop and skip and jump : take a look on youtube at him enjoying bob simpson’s slip catch at old trafford in 1961 , where his leg-breaks spirited australia to a come-from-behind win . these days players go further than that . but benaud was their spiritual forefather . he loved not just cricket , but cricketers too . not everyone was enamoured by his involvement in kerry packer’s rebellious world series cricket in the late 1970s . but wsc eventually forced the establishment’s hand . cricketers were soon paid a living wage , not the honorariums they had previously endured . benaud’s involvement and influence were central to that . it was as a tv commentator that benaud came into his own . when wisden asked him in 2003 to dispense some advice to aspiring broadcasters , he suggested : ‘ put your brain into gear before opening your mouth . ’ that style – laconic , considered , dry – would become his hallmark , together with an unfailing greeting : ‘ good morning , everyone . ’ when benaud welcomed viewers , they were able to relax : the cricket was about to begin . there were times when you might have longed for him to express himself more trenchantly , to air his opinions more clearly . surely , you wondered , he must have felt strongly about subjects other than the front-foot no-ball law . but it was not his style – and he remained true to himself . ‘ above all , ’ he told wisden , ‘ when commentating , don’t take yourself too seriously , and have fun . ’ benaud was australia captain and the first cricketer to score 2,000 runs and take 200 wickets in tests . after his playing career , benaud forged an incredibly successful career as a cricket commentator . benaud ( right ) in discussion with england 's michael vaughan ahead of a test match in 2004 . that last tip has been cheerfully taken on board by the current generation of channel nine commentators in australia . and if they have been less adept at putting their brains into gear before opening their mouths , then that also reflects the almost impossibly high standards set by benaud himself . his successors were always going to pale by comparison . behind it all was a quiet , imposing strength . the first time i met him , benaud almost broke my fingers with his handshake . as a friend noted : ‘ you don’t get to captain australia with a limp wrist . ’ good night , everyone . 