tony mccoy gave a bumper crowd what they were hoping for as he steered jezki to a thumping victory in the grade one aintree hurdle . having been out of luck with his opening three rides – the closest he got was third place in the betfred bowl on holywell – mccoy broke his duck on the jessica harrington-trained gelding . his task was made a little more straightforward than it might have been , as arctic fire – the favourite , ridden by ruby walsh – took a crashing fall at the final flight when poised to challenge jezki . ap mccoy claimed victory in the aintree hurdles as he rode jezki ( right ) to victory after ruby walsh , riding arctic fire ( left , downed ) , fell at the final hurdle at this year 's grand national festival on thursday afternoon . mccoy was eventually was able to coast to the finish with a wide margin of victory after the fall . ominously , screens were erected around arctic fire , who had finished runner-up on his last in the champion hurdle , but , thankfully , both horse and jockey got to their feet and , upon hearing that news , mccoy was able to savour the latest big victory of his glittering career . jezki has been a model of consistency this winter and the retiring champion feels the gelding deserved this moment in the sun , as he beat rock on ruby by 13 lengths . ‘ i was glad to see ruby and arctic fire get up , ’ said mccoy , who has been besieged by autograph hunters and well-wishers all afternoon . ‘ i knew it was going to be a hard race and at the second last , i thought he might have me beat but 50 yards from the last hurdle , i was sticking in there . ‘ my horse is bred to stay and he won over two-and-a-half miles at fairyhouse . whether he could have won had arctic fire stood up , i don’t know . but it would have been close . ’ arctic fire takes a tumble at the final hurdle to allow jezki to take the lead and take the win at aintree . walsh and his horse escaped without serious injury , although the irishman pulled out of his last ride . mccoy , who will ride hot favourite shutthefrontdoor in the crabbie’s grand national on saturday , said : ‘i’m just trying to keep things as normal as possible and do my job . i can leave the worrying until after i walk out of here on saturday night . ‘ i would love to win the grand national but i don’t want it to be my final ride . i really don’t want to retire but if i win the race , i will do retirement after that . aintree is a great place and a meeting that i have always enjoyed . ’ of his other mounts , mccoy said : ‘ hargam ( well beaten in the 4-y-o hurdle ) was disappointing but holywell ran well . ’ the soon-to-retire 40-year-old from county antrim has promised to call it quits if he wins the grand national .