ed miliband was accused of ' offensive ' behaviour ' touching on racism ' by a sikh community leader yesterday after banning journalists from a place of worship . the labour leader visited the gurdwara – a sikh temple – during a campaign tour of the midlands on wednesday . but his team banned national media journalists from the event – despite the fact that gurdwaras are traditionally open to all . worshippers were also banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures of the labour leader , who had donned a red head-covering to comply with sikh customs . scroll down for video . behind closed doors : ed miliband , donning a red head-covering to comply with sikh customs , in secret footage from the gurdwara . during the visit , mr miliband would answer only a small number of questions from the sikh press . but even one of the sikh journalists was allegedly asked to leave labour 's battlebus after straying from a list of agreed questions . davinder singh , an adviser to the sikh federation who attended the visit , said the attitude of the labour leader 's team went against the ethos of his faith . he said the decision to shut people out of the temple contradicted the tradition that the doors to a gurdwara are always open to all . and he suspected the labour leader did not want to be widely pictured in a head-covering in case the pictures were embarrassing – something he said was ' offensive , even touching on racism ' . he told the daily mail : ' the whole thing was very carefully stage managed . they said there will be no cameras whatsoever , they were telling people not to even use their phones to take any pictures inside – that is unheard of inside a gurdwara . some of the party officials were downright rude . ' my children , who are three and six , were ushered out of the way . the whole thing did not feel right . ' it was a missed opportunity on his part and it left some people feeling offended . you do n't do that in a gurdwara – usher people around . ' the incident will increase concern about the ' controlling ' nature of labour 's election campaign , in which the press and members of the public are kept at arm 's length from the party leader – a criticism also levelled at the tories . public visit : david cameron at the golden temple in amritsar . mr singh said he suspected mr miliband was trying to ingratiate himself with the sikh community but was ' worried about the reaction of non-sikhs ' if he was seen in the headgear at the leamington and warwick gurdwara . ' there 's a feeling that they wanted publicity within the sikh community , ' he added . ' they wanted people to know he had ticked the box of visiting a gurdwara – but that he did n't want the publicity to go any wider . ' mr singh , whose organisation is urging politicians to sign up to a ten-point sikh manifesto , said it was disappointing that mr miliband had refused to pose for pictures or make a public statement about labour 's stance on sikh issues . he added : ' labour told the media it was a private visit , but that 's nonsense . was he going there for prayers ? of course not – it was part of the campaign . ' labour dismissed the criticism and said journalists were barred out of respect to worshippers . but it is thought that campaign chiefs are determined to prevent mr miliband creating an embarrassing photo opportunity in the run-up to the general election . he has endured a string of such photo opportunities in the past , including excruciating pictures of him trying to eat a bacon sandwich on the campaign trail last year . labour campaign bosses are determined to prevent similar gaffes and are exerting tight control on access to the leader . sky news broadcast footage on wednesday evening showing the doors of the gurdwara being closed after mr miliband entered . only an official labour party photographer was allowed inside , and pictures were not released to the national media . the only images of him inside came from shaky mobile phone footage smuggled out by a worshipper . it showed that once inside , mr miliband took off his shoes and donned a red head-covering known as a ramal . he was also presented with a traditional orange scarf , or siropa , which is given as a mark of respect to dignitaries . broadcasters requested access to the event but were refused . but mr miliband held a brief press briefing for three journalists from the sikh media on labour 's battlebus . they were told they could each ask one question , which was agreed in advance . but a witness said one was asked to leave after departing from the agreed question . he was eventually allowed to stay and ask if the party would back an independent inquiry into the 1984 massacre at the golden temple in amritsar . a journalist from the sikh media asked mr miliband if his party would back an independent inquiry into the 1984 massacre at the golden temple in amritsar ( file picture used ) . shalbinder singh malle , secretary of the leamington and warwick gurdwara , which co-operated with labour over the visit , insisted worshippers were not offended by the event . he added : ' it went smoothly and we felt it was a success . ' we were told not to take pictures and one or two people may have been disappointed but i would n't say anyone was upset or offended by it . no one complained . ' the row risks provoking cynicism about mr miliband 's motives . electoral experts believe britain 's 500,000 sikhs could play a key role at next month 's election . a labour spokesman said : ' it is ridiculous and untrue to say that ed miliband did not want to be pictured at the gurdwara . ' the visit was widely covered by the national and sikh press and many worshippers took pictures inside with ed miliband . ' to respect worshippers in the prayer hall , ed miliband gave press interviews , including with the sikh federation , outside the temple . ' but mr singh said the visit contrasted with a visit by david cameron in february to the gurdwara , adding : ' people who were there said it was very different . he was more relaxed and people could come and go , which is strange because you 'd think the prime minister would have much tighter security . ' mr cameron also visited the golden temple in amritsar in 2013 .