london commuters faced traffic chaos this morning while thousands are still without power as firefighters battle to extinguish an underground blaze that has been raging for more than 24 hours . more than 2,000 office workers had to be evacuated yesterday due to the fire in holborn which apparently started in a tunnel carrying electrical cables , causing flames to erupt from the pavement and filling the area with smoke . although the blaze has now been brought under control it has not been put out entirely , and firefighters still do not know the cause of the fire . scroll down for video . blaze : the scene in holborn today , where a fire has been raging for more than 24 hours . emergency : firefighters and gas workers were still battling to put out the fire a day later . plume : flames rose up from the street in the deserted part of central london today . continuing : firefighters spraying water into a manhole in a bid to put out a fire in holborn . much of the area is cordoned off as firefighters struggle to extinguish the fire , while there were reports of major delays in central london . commuters were urged to avoid travelling through holborn if possible , and firefighters were unable to estimate when the situation might return to normal . tonight 35 firefighters and police officers remain at kingsway , where flames were seen erupting from a manhole cover yesterday . kingsway is closed , as is the strand underpass , while waterloo bridge is closed northbound . transport for london said that 15 bus routes were being diverted , and witnesses described seeing dozens of buses backed up along high holborn , but underground services have returned to normal . more than 1,000 buildings remain without power today , with businesses , government departments and tourist attractions forced to close ahead of the easter weekend . firefighters and gas workers continue to tackle the flames in the kingsway service tunnel . carnage : parts of the road had to be dug up in an attempt to extinguish the fire below the ground . the underground fire has stopped power workers from accessing their equipment . jets : firefighters deployed multiple hoses to combat the blaze which wreaked havoc on the area . exhausted : firefighters looked tired as they took a break after working at the scene for hours . blocked : roads were closed in the wake of the fire , whose cause is still unknown . uk power networks said that 100 staff had worked through the night to restore electricity to the area , but it is not known when buildings will regain power . a spokesman said : ' a major gas fire in an underground tunnel is still burning so we can not yet access our equipment . ' our engineers have restored power to 2,000 customers and the remaining 1,100 will regain power through generators and cable works as soon as possible . ' we had over a hundred staff working through the night and work continues today . ' we are working with the emergency services and other agencies to keep affected customers updated . the cause of the incident is being investigated . ' fire crews last night doused the hole with water before they smashed the cover open with a sledgehammer , and continued to pump in water from multiple hoses . peter cowup of london fire brigade said that the fact the fire started in an underground tunnel meant it had been tricky to bring it under control . ' this has been a technically difficult incident to tackle , ' he said . ' the reason that the fire is still burning is because the service tunnel is hard to reach and although firefighters have been applying water through access points throughout the night , the complexity of the tunnel layout means that it will be some time until the fire is fully extinguished . ' however , the fire is contained and we are making steady progress and working with the utility companies and the police to bring this incident to a close . ' works : more than 100 power workers were deployed to restore electricity to businesses in central london . disruption : the road closures were said to have caused severe traffic jams in the surrounding area . peter cowup of london fire brigade said the blaze was ' a technically difficult incident to tackle ' . deserted : the holborn area was emptied of workers and shoppers thanks to the disruption . closure : shops had signs in their windows apologising for the inconvenience . one council boss warned that there was a ' worrying trend ' of pavements exploding in central london and said that businesses had been hit by the accidents . ' we do not fully yet know what caused the fire in holborn on wednesday , ' said richard beddoe of westminster council . ' however , pavements have exploded in central london previously and it is a very worrying trend . ' our message remains the same - we want to see better investment in the capital 's infrastructure , as it benefits the whole uk . ' we are relieved to hear that there were no serious casualties , but the losses to big businesses in the west end , due to poor infrastructure , is just not acceptable . we want to see action . ' in july , piccadilly circus was closed after an electrical fault beneath a manhole cover caused an explosion which resulted in a lorry catching fire . meanwhile , in february last year , 50 people were evacuated from a street in north london after a pavement burst into flames . and in april 2013 , a fireball burst from a pavement in pimlico road , central london , narrowly missing a passer-by standing yards away . a uk power networks spokesman said : ' there have been a small number of incidents disturbing pavements over recent years , caused by a variety of reasons and affecting utility infrastructures underground . ' blackout : power was knocked out across the area and more than 1,000 buildings remain without electricity . dramatic : this aerial image shows how a wide area of london was left without power . scene : these file photos show tunnels under holborn near to where the fire broke out . smoke : more than 2,000 workers were forced to flee their central london workplaces . among the buildings affected by the fire is the royal courts of justice , home to the high court and court of appeal , which was due to remain closed all day . somerset house , the london school of economics and the london transport museum were closed , while the english national ballet cancelled its planned matinée performances of swan lake . one of the offices affected by the fire was that of hm inspectorate of prisons , which is closed as a result of the power cut . gillian perham , 54 , lives near the fire and said there had been similar incidents in recent years . ' there was an exploding pavement not far from here last year , ' she said . ' we are fed up with it . i 'm terrified it 's going to happen when i 'm near one . ' at one point yesterday , 70 firefighters and 10 engines were at the scene of the blaze , which forced a number of west end theatres to cancel shows last night , including the lion king , charlie and the chocolate factory and the play that goes wrong . in a separate incident , 15 engines were called to a fire on an industrial unit in north london .