a paramedic who pretended he was gay to get close to women before sexually assaulting them has been struck off the medical register . christopher bridger , 25 , from stevenage , hertfordshire , attacked three women after separate drinking sessions and was jailed for 12 years after being convicted of rape and four other abuse charges last year . the hcpc conduct and competence committee today removed him from the register after hearing his crimes and describing them as ' a serious breach of trust ' . christopher bridger , 25 , who was jailed for 12 years after he sexually assaulted three women , has been struck off the medical register . a jury at guildford crown court , surrey , found him guilty of raping a fellow student while he was studying to be a paramedic at st george 's university hospital in london in 2008 . he had accompanied her back to her halls following a freshers ' week fancy dress party and began kissing and cuddling her , despite being told to stop . he then raped her but astonishingly broke down in tears afterwards and said : ' i just want to like girls . ' the woman told the jury she ended up comforting bridger , despite knowing he was in the wrong . his other victims were co-workers at south east coast ambulance service nhs trust , where he started working in 2010 . a lesbian colleague told the court she was molested by bridger after a staff christmas party while her girlfriend was in the same hotel bed . the hcpc conduct and competence committee found his crimes were a ' serious breach of trust ' . the women , aged in their 20s - who can not be named for legal reasons - were forced to relive their ordeals after the ambulance worker accused them of lying during a trial in july last year . his colleague explained how bridger came up to her hotel room after she got extremely intoxicated at the party in december 2011 . he climbed into bed between his victim and her partner and the woman awoke to find him sexually assaulting her and pleasuring himself as her girlfriend lay asleep next to them . she kept quiet , fearing her partner would n't understand what had happened , but the day after on his birthday , he sheepishly sent the woman a number of text messages apologising for his behaviour . one text said : ' it was one night of stupidity for which i will be eternally sorry . ' another said : ' you do n't have to forgive me , i 'm just telling you the truth . i 'm ashamed of myself . ' his final victim was also a colleague from the south east coast ambulance service , who said she was sexually assaulted after she allowed him to stay at her house after a dinner in october 2012 . bridger was suspended from work after the incidents were reported to south east coast ambulance services bosses in 2012 . he was jailed for 12 years and ordered to sign the sex offenders ' register for life but failed to attend today 's medical register hearing . striking him off , chair of the hcpc panel , nicola bastin said : ' the panel has heard that the offences were committed against three vulnerable young women who were known to the registrant as friends and colleagues including a student paramedic . this represented a serious breach of trust . ' the panel has also heard that the women were vulnerable due to the effects of alcohol and that one of the offences was committed when the woman was asleep . ' the panel has considered this case very carefully and can not find any redeeming features on the part of the registrant . a jury at guildford crown court , surrey , found him guilty of rape and four other sex abuse charges . ' the panel takes the view that this case is serious , it does indeed involve abuse of trust , sexual abuse of a serious nature and , furthermore , there is no evidence of insight on the part of the registrant . ' the hcpc panel chairman brian wroe added : ' the registrant entered a plea of not guilty to each of the charges and was found guilty following a 13 day trial . ' this showed christopher bridger lacks the insight into the circumstances which resulted in the convictions and does not take responsibility for his actions . ' when he was sentenced in september , mr recorder mark milliken-smith told him : ' these were wicked , mean and utterly cowardly offences which have and will have serious consequences on these young women and those around them for a very long time . '