police officers have raided a doctors ' surgery following ' concerns ' about the deaths of four patients in the channel islands . ten officers from guernsey police executed search warrants at the eagle medical practice and a private residential address on the island of alderney after the force was alerted by the health & social services department . the hssd said that following its initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the mignot memorial hospital and the general medical council ( gmc ) was informed . ten officers from guernsey police executed search warrants at both the eagle medical practice ( pictured ) and a private residential address on the island of alderney after concerns were raised by the health department . the practice in olivier street is run by dr rory lyons . no arrests have been made . a police spokesman said : ' the circumstances which led to this action are that concerns were raised with the health and social services department following the death of a patient who had been under the care of the eagle medical practice . ' hssd carried out a preliminary internal investigation , where three further deaths of concern were identified , before referring the matter to guernsey police . the health & social services department said that following its initial investigation a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the mignot memorial hospital and the general medical council ( gmc ) was informed . ' based on this information we have launched an investigation . ' the spokesman said it was likely that medical records would be seized from the premises . ' this decisive early action was necessary in order to ensure the protection of the public , which is always our primary concern , ' he added . hssd chief officer carol tozer said : ' following our initial investigation , a doctor was excluded from treating patients at the mignot memorial hospital and the general medical council was informed . ' the gmc was also notified that the matter is now the subject of a police investigation . ' the gmc has confirmed that the doctor 's practice is already restricted and he is being investigated . ' she said anyone with concerns can contact staff at mignot memorial hospital . the investigation was launched on the island of alderney ( pictured ) following the deaths of four patients . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .