an eight-year-old girl from australia is well on her way to building a successful business empire after it was revealed that her playful videos , featuring her easy-to-follow confectionery recipes , are bringing in around $ 127,000 a month in ad revenue alone . the mini-martha stewart , who is known simply as charli , has turned her popular channel , charliscraftykitchen into youtube 's largest food channel in less than three years - beating household names such as celebrity chef jamie oliver to claim the prestigious – and lucrative – title . according to data compiled by online video advertising company outrigger media , charli 's channel earned the young entrepreneur an estimated $ 127,777 ( aud $ 163,893 ) in march alone – and that is after youtube 's share of the profits . scroll down for video . mini-martha : charli , an eight-year-old from australia ( pictured ) , makes an estimated $ 127,000 ( aud $ 162,472 ) per month from the ad revenue generated from her popular youtube channel charliscraftykitchen . in comparison , mr oliver only earned an estimated $ 32,261 ( aud $ 41,347 ) in ad revenue from his channel 's 6.9 million views last month . meanwhile , charli and her five-year-old sister ashlee , who serves as the channel 's ' chief taste tester ' , are raking in an average of 29 million views per month for their crafty how-to videos . charliscraftykitchen , which features child friendly tutorials for making everything from minnie mouse pops out of oreos to princess teacup cookies , also has more than 320,000 subscribers who eagerly await their weekly posts . the tutorials even have their own short opening credits featuring charli and ashlee 's cartoon likenesses , with one of the girl 's singing : ' welcome to charli 's crafty kitchen where you can eat what you make ' . big numbers : charli and her five-year-old sister ashlee 's how to video on making frozen-inspired ice pops has earned 57 million views since it was posted last july . being silly : the sisters made a mess while eating their ' shark ' jello cups . many of clips are inspired by the holidays , with a demonstration on how to make a kit kat christmas cake receiving more than two million views since it was posted in december . one particular video featuring a simple recipe for ' rainbow ' donuts has been watched more than 6.5 million times after it was shared in 2014 . but that 's nothing . a video which sees the dynamic duo creating jello ' tip ' ice pops inspired-by the hit disney film frozen has amassed an incredible 57 million views since it was posted last june . charli earned another million views after she advertised the clip on her facebook page yesterday , writing : '56 million youtube views must mean these ‪ # ‎frozen inspired popsicles are really tasty ! [ sic ] ' disney kids : charli and ashlee used icing and m & m 's to make cinderella brownie jar treats . ' my [ two ] -year-old loves watching this video and we make them all the time . they are a huge hit in our household . thank you , ' one mom commented , while another joked : ' my five-year-old might account for a few hundred of [ the views ] . ' charli started charliscraftykitchen in 2012 when she was only six-years-old according to her channel 's description , which notes that she ' has always been passionate about her craft and being in front of a camera ' . but chali is n't the only kid making big money off of beloved youtube videos . mark and rhea , the parents behind the popular youtube channel hulyan maya , are expected to earn $ 1.5 million dollars from ad revenue in 2015 alone from their videos of their three children playing with toys . looks good : charli can be seen putting the final touches on a minnie mouse pop made out an oreo cookie . made with love : the girls end every video by trying their delicious treats .