ed balls was today accused of ' letting the cat out of the bag ' on tax rises after leaving the door open to trapping more middle-class workers in the 40p tax rate . in an interview the shadow chancellor repeatedly refused to rule out trying to balance the books by lowering the amount workers have to earn before they pay the higher income tax rate . the number of people paying 40p tax has already risen from about 2million to 5million in two decades , but the tories have promised to lift the threshold if they are returned to power . scroll down for video . shadow chancellor ed balls , pictured giving a speech in glasgow today , has repeatedly refused to rule out using the point at which the higher income tax rate kicks in to raise money to balance the books . the shadow chancellor was joined by the scottish labour leader jim murphy at the royal concert hall in glasgow today . labour has vowed not to increase vat or national insurance as part of measures to bring down the deficit if they win the election . but pressed on income tax , mr balls refused to rule out freezing or lowering the threshold to raise millions from people earning more than £41,865 . in an interview on itv westcountry , mr balls was asked if was ' leaving the door open tonight to changing the tax thresholds that mean people in that 40 per cent bracket could be paying more tax under you ' . the shadow chancellor refused to rule it out : ' what i would like to do is find ways in which i could have fewer people in the 40 per cent tax bracket . of course i would . ' but i have to be honest with people . the deficit is going to be £90 billion . i have got to find a way to get the deficit down in a careful , and staged and balanced way . ' he said he would not be ' raising the higher rate of income tax ' but left open the possibility of holding or lowering the point at which it kicks in . ' what i can not do is go through every detail of the tax system . it 's really complicated . ' i am not going to make unfunded commitment to do so , because i fear in the end that will be a vat rise from the tories . you wo n't get that from me . ' pressed on whether he plans to change the income tax bands , mr balls said : ' i ca n't go through every detail . ' he went on : ' i can make a promise not to increase the basic rate of income tax or the higher rate of income tax . the threshold is also an important detail and that 's complex . ' chancellor george osborne , visiting the marston 's brewery in wolverhampton with david cameron today . claimed mr balls had ' let the cat out of the bag . the number of people paying 40p tax has already risen by about two million to five million in two decades . chancellor george osborne said : ' ed balls has let the cat out of the bag and confirmed a tax assault on middle earners . he has confirmed that he and ed miliband will put up taxes on middle britain . it is part of labour 's £3,000 tax rise for working families . ' by contrast , the conservative plan is to increase to £50,000 the threshold at which people pay the higher rate of tax . so there is a clear choice . ' economic security and lower taxes with david cameron and our long-term economic plan . or economic chaos and higher taxes under ed miliband . ' david cameron has warned the 40p tax rate is hitting too many people on ' middle incomes ' . the prime minister claims it is wrong that millions of people doing normal jobs like teaching are now paying a tax rate that was ' only ever meant for the better off ' . the conservatives go into the election pledging to raise the threshold for paying 40p tax from £41,865 to £50,000 by 2020 . workers would also pay no income tax on the first £12,500 they earn . but labour says the policy is a £7billion unfunded tax cut at a time when billions are needed in spending cuts . a labour spokesman said : ' under the tories around 2 million more people have been dragged into the 40p tax band , but labour supported the increases in the 40p threshold in the recent budget . ' tory promises to raise the 40p threshold further are completely unfunded and will cost billions of pounds . together with their extreme spending plans , these unfunded commitments will mean the tories end up raising vat again and cutting the nhs . ' when we make tax promises , such as introducing a lower 10p starting rate of tax to help millions on middle and low incomes , we have set out where the money is coming from . ' working people are paying more under this government , which is why the only tax changes we are proposing are on the very richest in society like reversing the tory tax cut for millionaires . '