the director of public prosecutions was under growing pressure to stand down last night over her failure to put lord janner on trial for serious child abuse offences . alison saunders’s position as the country’s top prosecutor looked bleak as she faced unprecedented criticism from the home secretary , police chiefs , crime tsars , prominent mps – and even one of her predecessors . mrs saunders said her job as head of the crown prosecution service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases , not the most popular ones . but she was accused of ignoring the rights of victims and of perpetrating establishment cover-ups by deciding that labour peer lord janner should not be charged – despite evidence of 22 offences against nine victims dating back to the 1960s . birthday visit : lord janner , right with cake , took michael jackson - who was repeatedly accused of child abuse but cleared in court - on tour of parliament in 2002 , together with their mutual friend of uri gellar and us magician david blaine ( centre , left ) . it was the birthday of labour mp paul boateng , alongside janner . theresa may became the first cabinet minister to question the dpp’s judgment in ruling that the 86-year-old should not be prosecuted on the grounds that his dementia is now too advanced for him to have a fair trial . the home secretary told the bbc : ‘ i was very concerned when i heard about this decision . i have been very clear in everything i have said so far about the child sexual abuse issue… i expect to see justice done . ’ former dpp lord macdonald of river glaven said it would have been better if lord janner had undergone a procedure whereby a jury can decide on the facts of a case without apportioning guilt and without a sentence being passed , if a suspect is unfit to plead . there have been a number of recent court cases in which defendants with dementia have been jailed , and lord janner himself has previously called for nazi war criminals to be put on trial regardless of their age or frailty . lord macdonald added : ‘ it might have been wiser for the crown prosecution service to say , ‘‘we’re going to have this matter resolved in the full public glare of a courtroom rather than simply by the dpp.’’ ’ . adam simmonds , police and crime commissioner for northamptonshire , said the decision not to charge lord janner on thursday made it a ‘ dark day for our justice system’ . he added : ‘ a substantial number of victims of child abuse , who have carried the weight of such heinous crimes with them for the best part of two decades , have been terribly let down in the worst possible way . ’ he said the dpp’s ruling went against her previously stated commitment to seek justice for victims , no matter how old the allegations . alison saunders , right , said her job as head of the crown prosecution service was to make the correct legal decisions in difficult cases , not the most popular ones , lord janner , left . leicestershire constabulary , which has investigated lord janner four times over the past 25 years , is considering an unprecedented legal challenge against the decision . simon danczuk , the labour mp who exposed the late cyril smith as a paedophile , said that the weight of criticism against mrs saunders meant something had ‘ clearly gone very badly wrong’ . writing in today’s mail on sunday , below , he said : ‘ mrs saunders is now seen as a roadblock to justice and it’s hard to see how her position remains tenable . ’ mrs saunders has also come under fire over other high-profile cases – and has been involved in a number of disputes over the competing rights of suspects and alleged victims in sex assault cases . her decision in the lord janner case could be overturned if the complainants use the ‘ right to review’ scheme introduced two years ago . a cps employee with no prior involvement in the case would consider if her decision was the right one . alleged victims of lord janner will eventually be able to share their experiences with the long-delayed public inquiry into historic child abuse to be chaired by new zealand judge lowell goddard . however , that investigation faces further setbacks as campaigners are seeking a judicial review of her decision to exclude child abuse survivors from the inquiry panel for being insufficiently objective . the cps’s handling of previous investigations into lord janner is also being reviewed by retired high court judge sir richard henriques . last night the cps said : ‘ the dpp is there to make the right legal decision . her role is to make these very difficult decisions , not to make popular decisions . ’ roadblock to justice must be removed . by simon danczuk , mp who exposed the cyril smith scandal . mp simon danczuk who exposed the cyril smith scandal . a few weeks ago , i met an experienced former metropolitan police officer to discuss investigations into high- profile child abusers active in the 1970s . ‘we’re making progress but putting rolf harris and max clifford behind bars isn’t going to trouble the establishment , ’ he remarked . ‘it’ll be 50 times harder to prosecute a politician . they’re able to call in a lot of favours . ’ a year earlier , i’d met police officers from leicestershire to discuss the case they were putting together against lord janner . i could tell they were determined to get a prosecution , but it was the question they put to me next that disturbed me almost as much as the allegations : ‘ do you think there will be any political interference ? ’ the fact that dedicated frontline officers investigating heinous crimes against vulnerable children should have to ask that in 21st century britain is a worrying sign . but it’s one we should come to expect given the continual revelations about previous failures to prosecute high-profile figures for abusing children . the decision by the director of public prosecutions to use the public interest test to overrule the evidence when refusing to prosecute lord janner is a reminder that outdated attitudes still prevail . they throw our whole justice system into disrepute . not just because the authorities continue to turn a tin ear to those who have been violated , disbelieved and treated as rubbish for decades . and not just because in admitting previous failures to prosecute janner , alison saunders failed to apologise on behalf of the cps . it’s appalling because it’s the wrong decision and one she didn’t have to make . for the dpp to shut down any prospect of justice in such a case sends out the worst possible message at the worst possible time , and her reputation is unravelling fast . when the home secretary says she’s ‘ very concerned’ , the former dpp lord macdonald is critical , and leicestershire police are talking about a legal challenge , then something has clearly gone very badly wrong . so wrong that mrs saunders is now seen as a roadblock to justice and it’s hard to see how her position remains tenable .  