inter milan target yaya toure has admitted that he is open to ' new challenges ' and will not remain at manchester city just to pick up his £220,000-a-week wages . the premier league champions want to reshape their squad this summer after a disappointing season and they could look to offload the 31-year-old , who has struggled to hit top form . toure , who is wanted by his former manager roberto mancini , appears open to a move away from the etihad if the right opportunity presents itself at the end of the season . manchester city midfielder yaya toure has hinted that he is open to leaving manchester city this summer . toure is challenged by west ham 's mark noble during city 's 2-0 win at the etihad on sunday afternoon . toure celebrates with sergio aguero and jesus navas after the argentine 's goal against west ham . speaking to foot mercato , he said : ' no amount of wages will make me stay at a club if i feel that i no longer belong there or if no challenge exists for me . ' it would be unjust on my part . there comes a moment where numbers do n't stop us , it goes beyond that , even if the english press seem more interested in the numbers than the sport itself . ' for the future , i do n't know more than you do , because i will always go where i am offered new challenges . that is in my nature . ' when i arrived at city , [ manuel ] pellegrini was not the coach . just like the players , managers arrive and leave . as i have said before , i owe it to the city fans to fight until the end of my career at this club . ' my decisions will not be affected by changes in management , but more by the challenges that will be offered to me . ' city find themselves fourth in the premier league table after a dismal run of form and out of the champions league after a two-legged defeat by barcelona at the last 16 stage . inter milan boss roberto mancini wants to be reunited with toure next season after managing him at city . toure 's form has been disappointing this season and city are likely to try and sell him this summer . whether manuel pellegrini remains manager or is sacked this summer will not affect toure 's decision . some of toure 's performances have been heavily criticised but the ivorian remains defiant . ' when things are not necessarily going well in a club , the key players take the fall , ' he added . ' i am not the only one to have been attacked even if there is tendency to be harsher with me . football is my passion , my job and that gives me two good reasons to do as well as i can . ' 