it is hard to believe that the mansion you see before you , with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors , was initially a garage and chauffeur 's residence that would have been home to a rolls royce , or two . the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden , home to supreme court justice sir henry hodges and more famously the nicholas family who found their fortune in the manufacture of the drug aspro . the converted four-bedroom home on lawrenny court , with its bronzed clock tower and cherry wood doors , was built as a garage to service the generous 57-room mansion homeden . around 25 years ago , the distinctive toorak home was thoughtfully converted into the polished residence it is today . interestingly , the conversion took place at the same time homeden was being tuned into a block of flats.this provided the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion and transfer them into the 740 square-metre garage residence . the blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property and the windows upstiars are also a homeden original . the conversion took place at the same time homeden was being tuned into a block of flats providing the owners with a unique opportunity to buy some of the original features of the mansion and transfer them into the 740 square-metre garage residence . the blackwood and copperlight archway has been tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property and the windows upstiars are also a homeden original . ada taylor , from r t edgar real estate , said the beautiful property is reminiscent of the audrey hepburn classic sabrina . she told daily mail australia that while the doors of the ' breathtaking ' property have not yet been opened to potential buyers , they believe the property will fetch upward of $ 3.5 million on auction day . the original garage doors open into two distinct living areas while the living quarters upstairs offer three sprawling bedrooms with open fireplaces , stunning wooden floors and vaulted ceilings . the original downstairs garage area is made up of two distinct living areas , a well-equipped galley kitchen cleverly divided behind original garage doors that tuck away a fourth bedroom , bathroom , separate laundry and powder room . the chaffur 's living quarters upstairs offers three sprawling bedrooms with open fireplaces , stunning wooden floors and vaulted ceilings . the home boasts a north facing balcony off the spacious and elegant master that looks over the properties two magnificent gardens . the property will open its doors to prospective buyers on wednesday 22 april before the hammer falls on may 16 . the house will be opened to prospective buyers on 22 april and is set to go under the hammer on 16 may . the home boasts a north facing balcony off the spacious and elegant master that looks over the properties two magnificent gardens .