shops offering everything for £1 or less have become a magnet for wealthier shoppers who have also flocked to aldi and lidl , a new study revealed today . almost half of all people who have visited discounters such as 99p stores , poundstretcher , b & m bargains and wilkinsons are middle class and among the country 's highest earners , research has found . a new report says 57 per cent of adults in the uk claim to use a discount store like poundland every week because the ' stigma ' of shopping in budget stores has ended , experts have said . of those 53 per cent are in the top a/b social class , who on average earn more than £35,000-a-year , a significant increase from the 37 per cent figure a year ago . shopping habits : almost half of all people who have visited discounters such as 99p stores , poundstretcher , and wilkinsons are now middle class and among the country 's highest earners , new research has found . the news comes on the back of the massive rise in popularity of aldi and lidl , which are attracting increasing numbers of middle class shoppers , dubbed the ' lidl class ' . last week aldi 's growing share of the grocery market saw it overtake waitrose to become britain 's sixth biggest supermarket . but the latest research by retail consultancy group ' him ! ' found that variety discounters selling everything from sweets to stationery for £1 or less are also booming , especially with wealthier shoppers . b & m bargains grew its sales by 66 per cent to £1.3 billion last year and poundland 's sales grew 13 per cent to £998 million in the same period . 77 % are attracted by cheap prices . 7.73 - number of items bought per visit . £8.93 - average spend per visit . 33 % have visited a variety discounter once a week in the past month . 31 % use variety discount stores for top-up shopping . source : retail consultants him ! katie littler , communications director of him ! , said : ' there has been a considerable shift in higher income households using variety discounters , just as we have seen them using aldi and lidl regularly . ' any stigma is slowly disappearing and they are becoming just another retailer , albeit trusted for a more limited range of missions and categories . ' the report , revealed by the grocer magazine , said people who most use variety discounters also tend to be young . nearly a third ( 30 per cent ) are under 34 and two in three ( 66 per cent ) of 18 to 24 year olds say they have visited a variety discounter . poundland has been especially successful in attracting young shoppers with 31 per cent visiting a branch in the past week , up from 26 per cent a year ago . men are increasingly visiting cheap chain stores - 44 per cent of men said they had visited a poundland branch in the previous week , up from 37 per cent a year ago . more popular than ever : poundland 's sales grew 13 per cent to £998 million last year as more people head to the store . experts say the variety discounters have successfully taken over the gap left on high streets by woolworths , which sold a range of general merchandise from pick and mix sweets to hardware and cds . the him ! report says most people visiting a variety discounter do so for so-called top up shopping , but grocery items are crucial . some 57 per cent of shoppers buy confectionary , 54 per cent go for food , 48 per cent for health and beauty , 40 per cent household items and 40 per cent crisps and snacks . katie littler said : ' the food and drink items bought are much less about fresh and chilled , which have become the big footfall drivers for aldi and lidl . however , the report found that average basket spend at variety discounters is just £8.93 , the lowest for any grocery retailer and behind £11.81 in a convenience store and £31.30 in a supermarket . the grocer commented : ' posher , younger and with a sweet tooth , loyal shoppers have been successfully pulled in by variety discounters . ' the key to continued growth will be getting those shoppers to splash more of their cash . ' 