nick clegg tonight set out the first of his ' red lines ' for a second coalition , warning he will block any cut in education spending . the liberal democrats admitted today that their best hope is to end up with 30-something mps after may 7 , compared with the 57 elected in 2010 . a senior party source said their best chance of holding the balance of power after the general election was to finish ' in the 30s ' if they are able to retain a number of closely-fought seats . liberal democrat leader nick clegg , making play dough at tops day nursery , corfe mullen in dorset , said he would demand education spending be protected from cuts as the price of propping up another coalition . mr clegg said the first of what he dubbed his ' premier league policies ' is a £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms . but mr clegg is still determined to form a coalition with either the conservatives or labour and today vowed to set out which of the policies announced in his manifesto would be non-negotiable . the first of what he dubbed his ' premier league policies ' , which the party would insist upon as a condition of propping up a government , is a £5billion commitment to protect the entire education budget in real terms . it would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards and at all stages ' from cradle to college ' , which goes further than the tories or labour have promised . mr clegg said : ' i can confirm a liberal democrat red line – a pre-condition for government – is increasing spending on education . ' the liberal democrats will not allow our children and grandchildren to pay the price of this generation 's mistakes . we believe above all else in spreading opportunity , in tearing down the barriers that stop people from reaching their potential . nothing is more crucial to that than education . ' the lib dem leader - who claimed just last week that he would not set out ' red lines ' - said people felt ' confused ' about the outcome of the election and he wanted to be ' clear and certain ' about his party 's intentions . the pledge would mean raising spending on education every year from 2018 onwards and at all stages ' from cradle to college ' , which goes further than the tories or labour have promised . the liberal democrats admitted today that their best hope is to end up with 30-something mps after may 7 , compared with the 57 elected in 2010 . inviting criticism that the rest of his policies are all negotiable , he said he would fight for everything in the manifesto but that ' here are some premier league policies and others which do n't assume quite the same significance ' . ' i will confirm the non-negotiables , the deal breakers , the things without which we would not enter into a coalition government and i 'll do so fairly rapidly over the next few days ' , he said . mr clegg 's policy is £5billion more expensive that what the conservatives had planned – which is a freeze on schools spending for those aged 5 to 16 and cuts in other areas . it is £2.5bn more than labour planned to spend on protecting the entire education budget but not accounting for an expected 460,000 rise in pupil numbers over the next five years . ' the next government must increase spending on nurseries , schools and colleges . that means education spending must rise with both prices and pupil numbers ' , he said . ' without investment in education , there can be no deal with the liberal democrats . ' the pledge would take education funding from £49bn a year currently to more than £55 by the end of the next parliament , to be funded by rising economic growth once the deficit is cleared . a promise on education spending is intended to win over floating voters in key seats where the lib dems are facing the tories , to capitalise on concerns about cuts to public services . a senior lib dem involved in party strategy said the campaign 's focus was increasingly on 10 to 15 marginal seats . mr clegg would not comment on numbers of seats and simply said his party would do better than dire opinion polls suggest .