like any mother with an eight-month-old baby , today show host savannah guthrie is ready and willing to try any top parenting tricks which will help her precious baby girl vale drift off . when the 43-year-old mother-of-one discussed an australian father 's tip for getting his baby to sleep less than a minute with her co-hosts on yesterday 's show , she vowed to try the method , which involves gently gliding a piece of tissue papers over a baby 's face until the tot nods off . but savannah soon learned learned that the trick did n't have a calming effect on her energetic infant . ' not only did it not make her quiet , ' she revealed on the show this morning , ' it got her so excited she started screaming and squealing with joy . ' all smiles : savannah guthrie 's eight-month-old daughter vale giggled with glee when her mom tried to get her to sleep using tissue paper . savannah , who had the experiment filmed by the today show cameras , showed a clip of baby vale ready for bed in a light blue onesie printed with pink birds – but as soon as she started caressing her daughter 's face with the tissue , the infant broke out into a wide smile . vale was soon cooing and laughing with delight - but she was n't any closer to going to sleep . last month , nathan dailo , a father from sydney , posted a video to his youtube channel demonstrating how he gets his three-month-old son seth to fall asleep in just 42 seconds with a single piece of white tissue paper . the clip of his son drifting off has since received more than 1.7 million views , with one mom commenting on wednesday that the trick worked for her baby five times already . full of energy : the 43-year-old watched as her daughter grabbed at the white tissue paper she was using to try and calm her down before bed . looking confused : vale , who wore light blue onesie with pink birds , stared at her mom , who was trying to get her ready for bed . although the tip did n't quite work on savannah 's smiley daughter , she noted that vale ' really loved it ' . and the adorable footage was definitely worth watching . ' could we cancel the rest of the show and watch this ? today show co-host willie geist asked of the precious video . savannah also revealed that the trick was n't a total failure in her home . riled up : savannah gently glided the tissue over vale 's face , but the trick did n't calm her down at all . happy girl : vale soon started laughing and squealing with delight . ' it worked on mike [ feldman ] , ' she said jokingly of her husband . ' he was out in 30 seconds . ' before they moved on to the next segment , willie could n't help but gush over vale one last time , saying : ' she is the cutest . ' in february , savannah threw an impromptu party for her daughter live on air in celebration of baby vale’s six-month birthday . viewers watched as the adorably little girl met the team’s yellow labrador puppy wrangler , hung out with sesame street 's cookie monster and palled around with her mom 's co-hosts tamron hall , matt lauer and al roker during her special visit to the studio in new york city .