a british mother is among nearly 100 women who have had babies by a danish sperm donor who has triggered an international scare over the spread of an incurable genetic disease . the man , known only as donor 7042 , carries a defective gene known as neurofibromatosis 1 ( nf1 ) that can pass on a severe , life-limiting condition to his offspring . with demand for danish sperm soaring , the donor is understood to have fathered 99 ‘ viking babies’ – as they are widely dubbed – across the world through the clinic nordic cryobank . scroll down for video . ten of his offspring have already been diagnosed with nf1 – a condition which can increase the risk of cancer , cause learning difficulties and reduce a sufferer’s lifespan by up to 15 years . a child born from a parent with the defective gene has up to a 50 per cent chance of developing the disease . now four families are suing the sperm bank and the case has raised questions among fertility experts about denmark’s booming , and unregulated , sperm export trade . laura witjens , from the national gamete donation trust ( ngdt ) , said : ‘ the distribution and use of danish and american sperm donors is not regulated or monitored , but patients are not told this . ‘nf1 is a rare disease , but the terrible spread of the gene via this prolific danish donor highlights the worrying dangers of the widespread use of a single donor . ’ the british mother was one of 20 women treated at an ivf clinic in belgium who conceived using the rogue sperm , the belgian federal health authority revealed . but reports from a variety of countries show the donor has fathered many more children – 99 in total , including the ones on belgium , along with 44 across scandinavia , 34 in america and one in iceland . danish mother lone sogaard-kristensen , whose daughter inherited donor 7042’s illness , claims she was contacted by as many as 17 women with his children who had the condition . ms witjens said last night that it was possible more british women could have bought his donations with the defective gene online . donor 7042’s sperm was also exported to a closely associated centre in america – the california cryobank . but in 2009 it was discovered he carried the nf1 gene – despite undergoing tests and stating in a questionnaire for nordic cryobank that there were no genetic disorders in his family . the shock discovery was made when a baby conceived with his sperm in belgium was diagnosed with the condition . ms sogaard-kristensen was ‘stunned’ to be informed of his medical status by the danish health authorities . and when her daughter andrea subsequently developed the illness , she became one of the families – three from denmark and one from the us – who are taking legal action against nordic cryobank . the donor has fathered many more children – 99 in total , including the ones on belgium , along with 44 across scandinavia , 34 in america and one in iceland . a class action lawsuit claims it failed to properly screen for the disorder before using his specimens . ‘ the case is not about money or revenge , it is about the fact we have not been able to get any information and the only way we can do this is through a court , ’ ms sogaard-kristensen said . ‘ there are no rules that say you must be told how many children these donors make and the sperm banks will not tell you . ’ a limit should be set on the number of children who can be fathered by sperm donors , to combat fears that siblings or cousins could unwittingly meet and start families , experts say . clinics are currently allowed to sell sperm from a donor to thousands of women around the world , raising fears of an ‘ incest timebomb’ . one man could theoretically ‘sire’ an ‘ unlimited number’ of children , say the researchers , writing in the journal reproductive biomedicine . the panel suggests no donor should sire more than 100 offspring . the case comes as leading fertility scientists from birmingham university and the netherlands are calling for new international rules limiting the number of children one donor can produce to 100 . they say if a donor exceeds this there is a risk of siblings inter-breeding and suffering psychological damage on finding out they are related to hundreds of other children . dr jackson kirkman-brown , the fertility expert who led the research at birmingham university , said : ‘ what is clear when buying sperm from abroad is that although the number of families a donor is allowed to father in the uk is capped , it could be hundreds elsewhere . ‘ if you can imagine finding out that you have 500 siblings across the globe — that could have a real risk to the mental health of a child . ’ it is understood that the nordic cryobank will claim that the legal claims against them are unfounded . managing director peter bower has previously stated that donor 7042 could not be ‘ clinically classified as having nf1 , as it only occurs in some of his cells’ . the company’s website states that it carries out genetic testing for a range of diseases including cystic fibrosis and sickle cell anaemia . but it adds the disclaimer : ‘ it is impossible to rule out genetic disease with 100 per cent certainty since it is not possible to test for all inheritable diseases . ’ 