the story was written by queen victoria when she was just 10 . pictured : the monarch 's illustrations to go with the book which is to be published in june . a children 's story written by queen victoria when she was just 10 years old is to be published for the first time . the short story was penned by the future monarch and tells the story of a 12-year-old girl , alice laselles , who was sent away to boarding school after her mother died and her father remarried . alice befriends a host of characters , including a ' poor little french orphan ' who has been half-blinded by small pox , and is falsely accused of smuggling a cat into the school but clears her name and eventually triumphs as ' one of the best learners in the school ' . princess victoria 's story was written in her ' composition ' notebook as part of her studies with her governess , baroness louise lehzen , and kept in the royal archives at windsor castle . it bore the inscription : ' to my dear mamma , this my first attempt at composition is affectionately and dutifully inscribed by her affectionate daughter , victoria . ' in one passage , where alice is told she is to be sent to boarding school , victoria wrote : ' '' oh do not send me away dear pappa '' , exclaimed alice laselles , as she threw her arms around her pappa 's neck ; `` do n't send me away , o let me stay with you . '' and she sobbed bitterly . ' the tale will be published in june as ' the adventures of alice laselles by alexandrina victoria , aged 10 and ¾ ' . alexandrina was the young princess ' first name but she became known as victoria , her second name , when she was still a child . the original red notebook ( pictured ) in which princess ( later queen ) victoria wrote her story as part of her studies with her governess , baroness louise lehzen , has been kept in the royal archives at windsor castle . the tale will be published in june as ' the adventures of alice laselles by alexandrina victoria , aged 10 and ¾ ' . pictured : scribblings in queen victoria's ' composition ' notebook in which she wrote the short story . the book has been illustrated with new pictures which feature her collection of paper dolls , which she made with her governess at kensington palace . jacqueline wilson , author of the popular tracy beaker children 's books , praised the future monarch 's imagination and writing style . in her introduction to the book , she said : ' if victoria had n't been destined to be queen , i think she might have made a remarkable novelist . ' victoria 's adult journals were published during her lifetime but it is the first time her childhood story has been made public . the book will be published by the royal collection trust , a registered charity . the book ( left ) has been illustrated with new images which feature the monarch 's collection of paper dolls , which she made with her governess at kensington palace . right : the inscription featured in her original pad . jacqueline wilson , author of the tracy beaker books , praised the future monarch 's imagination and writing . 