ahead of this weekend 's premier league action , sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture , with team news , provisional squads , betting odds and opta stats . here is all the information you need for sunderland 's home clash with crystal palace ... sunderland vs crystal palace ( stadium of light ) . team news . sunderland . sunderland midfielder sebastian larsson is suspended for crystal palace 's barclays premier league trip to the stadium of light on saturday . the sweden international will sit out the next two games after reaching 10 bookings for the campaign during sunday 's 1-0 derby victory over newcastle . seb larsson gestures to sunderland fans during the black cats win over newcastle last sunday . jack rodwell will return to the squad after a hamstring problem , while fellow midfielder will buckley was included among the substitutes against the magpies following his recovery from a knee problem . however , defender wes brown ( knee ) and midfielder emanuele giaccherini ( ankle ) are still missing . provisional squad : pantilimon , mannone , reveillere , van aanholt , jones , o'shea , vergini , coates , cattermole , bridcutt , rodwell , johnson , alvarez , gomez , fletcher , defoe , wickham , graham . crystal palace . crystal palace midfielder joe ledley will be given every opportunity to prove his fitness for saturday 's barclays premier league match at sunderland . mile jedinak is likely to return after his four-match suspension if ledley does not make it , but the australia captain could be included anyway . joe ledley applauds the crystal palace fans following their 2-1 victory over manchester city on monday . strikers marouane chamakh and fraizer campbell ( hamstring ) and midfielder jordon mutch ( thigh ) remain out . provisional squad : speroni , ward , dann , delaney , kelly , ledley , zaha , puncheon , mcarthur , bolasie , murray , jedinak , hangeland , sanogo , hennessey , gayle , ameobi , boateng , souare , mariappa . kick-off : saturday , 3pm . odds ( subject to change ) : sunderland 13/8 . draw 9/4 . crystal palace 17/10 . referee : anthony taylor . managers : dick advocaat ( sunderland ) , alan pardew ( crystal palace ) . head-to-head league record : sunderland wins 10 , draws 10 , crystal palace wins 11 . key match stats ( supplied by opta ) . sunderland have only scored more than twice in two premier league games this season and one of them came in their 3-1 win at palace in november . wes brown scored his sixth premier league own goal in the reverse fixture in november . only two players ( richard dunne 10 & jamie carragher 7 ) have scored more in premier league history . jermain defoe’s three sunderland goals have come between the 34th and 45th minute . defoe has scored three of sunderland’s last four premier league goals but first of those came in january . jordi gomez and steven fletcher were on target when sunderland won 3-1 at crystal palace earlier this term . if the premier league only counted games since alan pardew took over as palace manager then the eagles would be fifth , only two points behind chelsea . glenn murray has scored palace’s opening goal in four of their last six games . crystal palace have kept only one clean sheet under alan pardew ( in 11 pl games ) . palace are looking to win four league games in a row for the first time since winning five in succession last april . crystal palace have gained 18 points from losing positions this season , a seasonal high in the premier league . only wba ( 23 ) have conceded more home goals than sunderland ( 22 ) this season .