president barack obama held up the shrinking florida everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening america 's ' national treasures , ' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns , which rely heavily on tourist dollars . ' climate change can no longer be denied . it can’t be edited out , ' he said this afternoon in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day . ' it can’t be omitted from the conversation . and action can no longer be delayed . ' 'that’s why i’ve committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat , ' he said , throwing a spotlight on his administration 's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions . the day trip to south florida , on which obama was accompanied by bill nye ' the science guy , ' also highlighted the massive amount of fuel it takes to power air force one , however , 9,000 gallons , round trip . scroll down for video . president barack obama takes a walking tour of the anhinga trail at everglades national park . obama visited the subtropical swamps of the park today as part of a push to get americans thinking and talking about the damage climate change is causing close to home . obama held up the shrinking florida everglades today as proof positive that climate change is real and is threatening america 's ' national treasures , ' as well as the economies of their surrounding towns , which rely heavily on tourist dollars . ' climate change can no longer be denied . it can’t be edited out , ' he said this afternoon in a speech at everglades national park commemorating earth day . ' it can’t be omitted from the conversation . and action can no longer be delayed ' . vehicles in the president 's motorcade are seen in the everglades national park where obama stopped for a visit on the anhinga trail in homestead . asked earlier this week if obama 's gas-guzzling trip to florida would undermine his earth day message , the white house said it would not and reaffirmed obama 's efforts to reduce pollutants . on of the helicopters escorting marine one with president barack obama onboard , prepares to land at miami 's international airport . i love the smell of jet fuel , nye told reporters as he waited to board the president 's 747 this morning for the flight to florida , during which the white house said he would film a video with obama . asked earlier this week if obama 's gas-guzzling trip to florida would undermine his earth day message , the white house said it would not and reaffirmed obama 's efforts to reduce pollutants . obama took a half -hour walking tour of the the anhinga trail at the 1.5-million-acre national park today before making a plea for americans to save the everglades and other natural gems by making environmentally-conscious decisions . ' i can’t think of a better way to spend earth day than in one of our nation’s greatest natural treasures , the everglades , ' he told his audience , calling the swamp , which he acknowledged is not technically a swamp , ' magical . ' ' climate change is threatening this treasure and the communities that depend on it , ' obama warned . ' if we do n't act , there may not be an everglades as we know it . ' the president said the fallout from rising temperatures is ' not a problem for another generation . ' at least , ' not anymore , ' he said . ' this is a problem now . it has serious implications for the way we live right now . ' obama said the rising sea level in south florida and inward flow of salt water is evidence that climate change is already having a negative effect on communities . ' this is not some impossible problem that we can not solve . we can solve it if we’ve got some political will , ' he said . ' and we can solve it in a way that creates jobs . we can solve it in a way that doesn’t disrupt our economy but enhances our economy . and it’s a bipartisan issue . ' 'that’s why i’ve committed the united states to lead the world in combatting this threat , ' he said , throwing a spotlight on his administration 's efforts to reduce the rate of global warming through the reduction of carbon emissions . an alligator is spotted sunning itself along the anhinga trail at everglades national park as obama took a tour . wiping sweat from his brow as he braved the subtropical temperatures to make his mark on earth day , the president mingled with crowd-goers at the mid-day event before returning to washington on air force one . previewing the day trip , the white house had reiterated obama 's belief that ' no challenge poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change . ' it 's statement pointed out that last year was the warmest year on record and that 14 of the 15 of earth 's hottest years happened this century . it said , ' climate change is also affecting some of the most iconic places in our country , from disappearing glaciers in glacier national park to dying joshua trees in joshua tree national park . ' ' recognized worldwide as a unique and treasured landscape , the everglades is a perfect example of the threat we face from climate change , including rising sea levels that result in shoreline erosion and increased flooding . ' obama said it is this generation 's ' turn to ensure that ' natural monuments remain the ' birthright of all americans for generations to come . ' wiping sweat from his brow as he braved the subtropical temperatures to make his mark on earth day , the president mingled with crowd-goers at the mid-day event before returning to washington on air force one . the white house also asserted that climate change was already displacing animals and plants , including tropical orchids , some of which are only found in south florida . ' ' we are blessed with the most beautiful god-given landscape in the world , ' the president said today . 'it’s an incredible bounty that’s been given to us . but we’ve got to be good stewards for it . we have to take care of it . ' obama said it is this generation 's ' turn to ensure that ' natural monuments remain the ' birthright of all americans for generations to come . ' ' so many people here are active in your communities , doing what’s needed . the young people who are here , the next generation , they’re way ahead of us in understanding how important this is . 'let’s make sure we don’t disappoint them . let’s stand up and do what’s right before it’s too late , ' he concluded . obama was accompanied by bill nye ' the science guy ' on the day trip . he also gave florida rep. debbie wasserman schultz , who he 's seen here hugging , and interior secretary sally jewell , second from left , a ride .