two brothers who died after one of the boys shot the other then turned the gun on himself have been laid to rest in a joint funeral . kevin pimentel , 12 , shot dead his six-year-old brother , brady , as they made dinner inside their mobile home in hudson , florida last week - before shooting his older brother in the leg and then taking his own life . the injured brother , 16-year-old trevor , attended the boys ' funeral at st. james the apostle catholic church in a wheelchair on wednesday , while his divorced parents , helen campochiaro and luis pimentel , were seen receiving hugs from well-wishers before the service . as many as 400 people attended the memorial for the boys , who would 've celebrated their birthdays this week ; kevin would have turned 13 on monday and brady would have turned seven on friday , the tampa bay times reported . loss : kevin pimentel , 12 , ( left ) shot dead his six-year-old brother , brady , ( right ) before taking his own life in their florida home as they made dinner last week . the two boys were laid to rest on thursday . mourners leave the funeral in port richey , florida as the boys ' older brother trevor pimentel , 16 , who was shot in the leg in the incident , is helped into a waiting limo . the three boys had been home alone at the time . at the service , the reverend mike cormier said the boys were now ' at the world 's greatest sleepover ' . the youngsters died while they were home with their 16-year-old brother . their mother , who works two jobs to keep the family afloat , and another brother , 18 , were not home at the time . officials said there was no argument or incident that sparked the gunfire . according to a statement the pasco county sheriff 's office released on thursday , kevin was making dinner in the family 's home and asked his older brother , trevor , to help . using a gun kept on the top shelf in a closet area of the family 's mobile home , kevin then shot brady in brady 's room , trevor told police . after wounding his older brother in the leg , he then turned the gun on himself . the deaths came just one day after their mother , 38 , set up an account on gofundme , appealing for support for her family . on the page , she explained she had been left injured and financially drained by a recent car crash and needed to find a new place to live within two weeks . grief-stricken : the boys ' mother helen campochiaro is pictured with kevin ( center ) and brady ( right ) . the single mother to four boys was at one of her two jobs at the time of the shootings . remembered : flowers and pictures of the boys were displayed inside st. james the apostle catholic church . ' the mother 's going through an absolute living hell right now , ' pasco county sheriff chris nocco said the day after the boys died . authorities said they have found no evidence that child welfare officials or police had ever been called to the home before the shooting . campochiaro is a hard-working woman who had two jobs so she could take care of her boys and after the car crash , she did n't even go to the hospital because she had to work , nocco said . on her facebook page she says that she makes themed cakes and is a seamstress . helen 's sister , barbara campochiaro , of spring hill , told the tampa bay times the children ' were raised with gun safety ' and that helen owned a firearm , though she was not sure what kind . ' she was a single mom with four boys . unfortunately , she could only afford to live in a trailer , ' campochiaro said . ' she just had it ( a gun ) for protection . ' victims : six-year-old brady ( left ) was killed in the shooting , while trevor , 16 ( right ) , was shot in the leg . the boys ' father , luis pimentel , said he did n't know his ex-wife , from whom he separated in 2012 , kept a weapon in the home . in an interview with fox13 , he said that he had noticed kevin was becoming withdrawn and no longer wanted to take part in family activities . he said he saw him getting angry at brady over small things . ' i did n't get into it with kevin , ' he said . ' i did n't want to have any confrontation with him . i let him do what he wanted to do . i should have maybe disciplined him a little more . ' he said the boys would spend half of their time with him and he always looked forward to their visits . ' i miss them very much , ' he said . ' i love them . i will never forget them . they were my life . ' kevin was in middle school . brady attended elementary school and trevor took virtual high school classes at home in the mornings and culinary classes at a technical school in the afternoons . anger : the boys ' father , luis pimentel , said he had noticed kevin getting angrier and more withdrawn . scene : the shooting unfolded in the family 's mobile home at the sugar lane park mobile home in hudson . ' me and my boys have had to start over from uncontrolled circumstances , too many times , ' she wrote on the gofundme page . ' divorce , theft , abuse ... i have sold almost everything i own to make a better life for my boys , more than once . ' campichiaro also alluded to having to leave her children at home while she worked . ' i regretfully feel like i never see my boys , ' she wrote . ' they are so good and so understanding.they do more than their share at home and for me.least i can do is put them in a good home.i believe in paying it forward and try to do my part everyday . ' the page has raised nearly $ 7,000 . friends of campachiaro have set up a separate fundraiser for her on give forward , which has already received more than $ 13,000 in donations . ' she is a devoted mom , an extremely hard worker , and an incredible business woman , ' the page says of campachiaro . ' please help raise money for her family , for her son in the hospital recovering , and many , many expenses . two of her sons were killed while she was at work , anything helps . ' appeal : helen campichiaro set up this go fund me page asking for financial help the day before the shooting .