game of thrones fans who did not want to wait and legally watch hbo 's hit series premiere its fifth season tonight have leaked the first four episodes online . online pirates have unveiled nearly half of the show 's next season , which is scheduled to debut its first episode tonight . the episodes began appearing on torrent download sites on saturday night , and are thought to have leaked from review copies given to the press . fans of the show , which follows the ambitions and betrayals of competing noble factions and families in the fantasy world of westeros , now face the daunting task of avoiding spoilers online as the first four episodes are released over the course of the month . scroll down for video . game of thrones , which includes characters such as emilia clarke 's khaleesi ( left ) and nathalie emmanuel 's missandei ( right ) , was pirated before its season five debut tonight . episodes beginning this year 's season are titled the wars to come , the house of black and white , high sparrow and the sons of the harpy . they had been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early sunday morning , variety reported , citing the piracy-tracking company excipio . ' sadly , it seems the leaked four episodes of the upcoming season of game of thrones originated from within a group approved by hbo to receive them . we 're actively assessing how this breach occurred , ' hbo said in a statement to daily mail online . the series is the most illegally downloaded program in the world . anti-piracy company irdeto said that episodes from game of thrones 's first four seasons were illegally downloaded more than seven million times between february and april 2015 . the astounding figure is a 45 per cent jump over the same period from 2014 for the show , which debuted in 2011 . the first four episodes had been downloaded more than 550,000 times as of early sunday morning . above , kit harrington 's character jon snow ( left ) and peter dinklage 's tyrion lannister ( right ) feature in the show . brazil and france are the top two countries by illegal downloads of the series inspired by george r r martin 's song of ice and fire novels . they are followed by the us , canada and the uk . walking dead , with 5.7million illegal downloads from february to april , was the second-most pirated show . hbo planned sunday 's premier to air across 170 countries at the same time in an effort to combat international piracy of the show . us audiences are able to watch game of thrones on hbo now , the company 's new online streaming service .