kenny jackett has told his wolves players they must maintain their focus and follow up victory over nottingham forest with another over leeds united on monday . the wolves boss believes it is now just the top eight in the sky bet championship who are fighting it out for the play-off places , with their 2-1 success at the city ground all but ending the reds ' chances of making a late push . wolves were fired on by a goal just 30 seconds into the second half from benik afobe , followed by a bakary sako penalty in the 72nd minute . dexter blackstock pulled one back for forest four minutes into injury time , but it was too little , too late . bakary sako celebrates after scoring wolves ' second goal in a 2-1 win at nottingham forest on good friday . manager kenny jackett has told his side that they need to keep their focus to maintain a promotion push . and jackett does not want wolves to let their promotion push slip away now , saying : we just need to keep winning our games and not worry about other sides . it looks like the top eight will be involved now , although i do n't know if forest will have an opinion on that . ' we have to follow this win up with another against leeds now , there will be a big crowd at molineux and we have to focus on that now . ' the mood is very determined , there is good focus among the players and we are keen to keep improving . ' jackett was particularly delighted for afobe , who he had previously taken on loan at millwall , saying : ' he is repaying our faith but we worked together at millwall and i am delighted to have him permanently now . he was ready for a permanent home . dougie freedman believes the difference between the two sides was a simple composure in front of goal . ' i 'm delighted to have won . i felt that forest put us under a lot of pressure in the first 20 minutes , a lot of energy , the crowd were right behind them . we defended well in that period , very well . then we came through it and started to look a threat ourselves . ' then just after half time , afobe 's scored a fantastic goal that , in a tight game , has put our noses in front . after that we were very professional , we got the second goal , we needed it and it was a good overall performance . ' forest boss dougie freedman says the difference between the two sides was simple composure in front of goal . wolves striker afobe ( centre ) is mobbed by his team-mates after putting them ahead in the second half . ' the difference was that they took their chances when they came along . there was not a lot in it , they just took their chances when they came their way , ' he said . ' when they scored just after half time , our team talk went out the window . but you have to take your chances against the top sides and we had plenty of them . ' the ability to take chances is what cost us in the end . they took theirs and we did not make the most of ours . afobe made the difference , because he took his goal superbly . ' we had opportunities to win the game , we had sustained pressure on their goal . but we did not have the cutting edge we needed . '