a noose was discovered hanging from a tree at duke university outside a building that houses several offices focused on diversity on the campus . the disgusting symbol of racial hatred is now under investigation by duke university and the police who are attempting to work out who hung the rope on the tree . police said the thin yellow rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. wednesday on the bryan center plaza in durham , north carolina . disgusting : officials said the rope was tied into a noose at about 2 a.m. in the bryan center plaza in durham north carolina . the area in which the noose was found is home to several offices focused on diversity including the center for sexual and gender diversity and the center for multicultural affairs . larry moneta , duke 's vice president for student affairs said in an email to students that anyone found responsible for ' committing this act of intimidation ' would be held accountable . she wrote : ' to whomever committed this hateful and stupid act , i just want to say that if your intent was to create fear , it will have the opposite effect . ' ' today , fear will be among the reactions students , and especially , students of color , will have . be assured that the duke community will provide all the support necessary to help us all get through this . ' in time , each of these cowardly acts of bias and hatred will strengthen our resolve to love and support each other . ' duke university students took to social media sites to discuss the issue , with many believing it was racially motivated . on twitter , @ dpickett12 wrote : ' they 're still hanging nooses from trees ... .. look how far we 've come . ' and @ indyz_a_wow responded : ' talk about it ! they think they can erase this history . duke has always been racist . ' @ dpickett12 added : ' duke has n't been just diagnosed with racism ... it has been suffering from this disease for years . it 's chronic . ' the noose was removed from the tree at around 2:45 a.m. wednesday according to a report in the duke chronicle . on twitter , @ dpickett12 wrote : ' they 're still hanging nooses from trees ... .. look how far we 've come . ' @ indyz_a_wow responded : ' talk about it ! they think they can erase this history . duke has always been racist . ' @ dpickett12 wrote : duke has n't been just diagnosed with racism ... it has been suffering from this disease for years . it 's chronic . @ cierane tweeted : ' the fact that black students at duke pay $ 60,000 a year and constantly feel unsafe on campus is ridiculous . ' race issues : the shocking incident comes just two weeks after students allegedly chanted a racist song at a black female student . several students were seen talking to two police officers shortly after reports about it surfaced online . members of duke 's black student alliance met on the west campus before 1 p.m. for a march to the bryan center . they chanted : ' we are not afraid we stand together , ' according to a tweet by amanda lamb from wral . students chanted : ' we are not afraid we stand together , ' according to a tweet by amanda lamb from wral . however , the incident comes just two weeks after students allegedly chanted a racist song at a black female student . the race hate incident led duke president richard brodhead and provost sally kornbluth to send an email to the student body affirming the university 's commitment to racial equality . it also spawned the creation of a group called the duke people of color caucus which released a statement on tumblr along with a photo of the noose . the statement read : ' to all black students , staff , faculty , and/or durhamites on campus and in the area : please take care of yourselves and each other . ' this campus is not a safe space , and has proven beyond any doubt that it is a hostile environment for any and all black people . ' school spokesman keith lawrence said both duke administrators and the police are now carrying out an investigation . university and student leaders have scheduled a forum for 5 p.m. wednesday on the steps of duke chapel . speakers will include president richard brodhead . duke has about 15,000 undergraduate and graduate students . it costs about $ 60,000 a year to attend as an undergraduate , including room and board , according to the school 's website . about half of all undergraduate students receive financial aid . @ cierane tweeted : ' the fact that black students at duke pay $ 60,000 a year and constantly feel unsafe on campus is ridiculous . '