three men have today been arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef claudia lawrence . three men have today been arrested on suspicion of murdering missing chef claudia lawrence . north yorkshire police confirmed the men - all aged in their 50s and from the york area - were arrested this morning . the body of the missing chef , who was 35 when she disappeared in 2009 , has still not been found . officers have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts , which is set to continue over a number of days . police and forensic officers have been working at three houses not far from where miss lawrence lived in the heworth area of york before she went missing six years ago . it is understood the three men have not been arrested before and they remain in custody . a man , in his 50s and from the york area , was arrested last month on suspicion of her murder . he was later released on bail . a 60-year-old man was arrested last year in connection with her disappearance and suspected murder but was later released without charge . miss lawrence was last seen on march 18 , 2009 . she was reported missing by her father after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the university of york . detectives began reviewing the case in 2013 and have since carried out a number of searches , including a detailed re-examination of miss lawrence 's home , in the heworth area of york , and a fingertip search of an alleyway that leads to the rear of the house . they have also issued previously unseen cctv footage of two people walking near the house . the new arrests , and the arrest in march , are understood to be linked to these lines of inquiry . detective superintendent dai malyn , head of north yorkshire police 's major crime unit and the senior investigating officer in the claudia lawrence inquiry , said : ' i urge everyone to again show restraint and patience while we carry out these very important enquiries . your co-operation and support is greatly appreciated by the investigation team . ' father and daughter : miss lawrence ( right ) was reported missing by her father peter ( left ) after concerns were raised when she failed to turn up for her 6am shift at the university of york . police removing evidence from a house in york . two houses nearby to miss lawrence 's are being searched by police , who have cordoned off half of one street . officers have now launched a fresh search for evidence which could lead to her whereabouts , which is set to continue over a number of days . police stand outside houses in york after the arrests were made at 7am today . there has been a £10,000 reward for information which will lead to the whereabouts of miss lawrence . two houses nearby to miss lawrence 's are being searched by police , who have cordoned off half of one street with crime scene tape . people living around the homes that are being searched said officers arrived just before 7am . at the address nearest to miss lawrence home , uniformed police wearing face masks could be seen carrying out brown evidence bags . at another property , forensics officers wearing white protective suits were clearly at work . each of the houses is under police guard . martin dales , friend of claudia 's father , said the new arrests were a positive movement in the investigation but that progress was a series of ups and downs for the family . speaking outside the chef 's house , he said : ' peter finds it very hard , going up and down . ' you feel like you might be getting somewhere and then you get let down . ' three arrests is certainly a big movement for the police though . ' that 's four people in the space of one month . claudia lawrence , pictured aged 27 in 2001 , as a bridesmaid at her aunt 's wedding in north yorkshire . fresh searches are being conducted which are expected to be ongoing over a number of days . police conduct searches in york , at the home of miss lawrence . searches are being conducted which are expected to be ongoing over a number of days . ' the public has been tremendous in keeping information coming which has helped the police . ' mr dales added : ' someone is withholding the truth and that is despicable . ' imagine if it was your daughter and you were sitting around waiting for answers and somebody , for their own skin , was trying to be obstructive . ' i hope the full force of the law comes down on them . ' a resident living near one of the houses said police arrived at around 7am today . tommy ward , 81 , said : ' it started off with one police car then a few more came . ' it was just around about 7am when everything started up . ' i was outside my house watching the world go by at the time . ' i have n't seen anyone arrested but a few weeks ago some sniffer dogs were . there in the same house . we 've had dogs a few times now . i do n't know the person who lives there . ' peter lawrence , father of the missing chef , with a photograph of his daughter in the chapel at bishopthorpe palace , york . mr lawrence has previously spoken of his daily pain over his daughter 's disappearance and pleaded for anyone with information to come forward . miss lawrence was last seen on march 18 , 2009 . 2009 . march 18 . 5.57am - miss lawrence is captured on cctv arriving for work at the university of york 's goodricke college . 2.31pm - the chef leaves work to walk the three miles to her home on heworth road . a female colleague sees her as she drives past in her car and gives her a lift , dropping her off outside her house . 3.05pm - the last sighting of miss lawrence as she walks back to her house . 8.10pm - miss lawrence has a telephone conversation with her father , peter , and then another with her mother , joan . 8.23pm - she sends a text message to a friend . 9.12pm - miss lawrence receives a text on her mobile phone but it is not known if she read the message . march 19 . 6am - miss lawrence fails to arrive for her shift at work . april 24 . detectives say they are treating miss lawrence 's disappearance as a suspected murder . 2010 . march 18 . police reveal ms lawrence spent the night with a mystery boyfriend just two days before she went missing . it was ' critical ' they spoke to the man , a detective adds . may 25 . police confirm they have spent two days searching a house about ten miles from claudia 's home as a result of a ' recent development ' . july 29 . police confirm they are scaling back the number of officers dedicated to the inquiry . 2011 . march 18 . on the second anniversary of miss lawrence 's disappearance , detective superintendent ray galloway reveals that he could have ' potentially ' spoken to her killer . 2012 . march 16 . peter lawrence speaks of his daily pain over his daughter 's disappearance and makes a plea for anyone who may still harbour a sense of ' misguided loyalty ' to come forward and help with the police investigation . 2013 . october 29 . police announce that a new forensic search of miss lawrence 's home is to begin as they launch a fresh review of the case . 2014 . march 17 . mr lawrence , speaking ahead of the fifth anniversary of his daughter 's disappearance , says not knowing what happened to his daughter five years after she disappeared is like a ' cancer ' eating away at him . march 19 . police say a new forensic examination of claudia 's house has uncovered the fingerprints of people who still have not come forward five years after she disappeared . they say they are seeking to trace two men and two vehicles seen near her home . may 13 . a 59-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of murder by detectives investigating the disappearance , and later released without charge . july 23 . pub landlord paul harris , then 46 , is arrested on suspicion on perverting the course of justice . 2015 . march 23 . a 59-year-old father-of-two from the york area is arrested on suspicion of murdering miss lawrence and released on bail the next day . april 14 . mr harris - now aged 47 - is released from bail after providing information to detectives which has progressed the investigation , police say . april 22 . three men in their 50s arrested on suspicion of murder . police launch fresh search for evidence . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .