david bowie , who performed an alien in the cult classic film the man who fell to earth , has composed music for a new stage version in new york . the british musician long known for his experimentalism has written new songs and arranged older music for the production late this year at the new york theatre workshop . based on the novel by walter tevis , the 1976 film starred bowie as a humanoid who lands on earth in search of water for his parched planet and becomes enamored with alcohol and television . flashback : david bowie is returning to the man who fell to earth by penning a new stage version and original songs for a production on new york 's broadway later this year . the 1976 cult film marked his debut in movies . cult classic : bowie played an alien who was in search of water on earth but fell in love with television . bowie , 68 , is not expected to perform in the production , titled lazarus , which he has written with award-winning playwright enda walsh , who wrote the hit broadway musical once . according to sources connected to the adaptation , it has been in the works for years . the show will be spearheaded by dutch ivo van hove , who used bowie 's music in one of his own productions last year . but the production team has cryptically refused to define it . ' it 's going to be a play with characters and songs - i 'm calling it music theater , but i do n't really know what it 's going to be like , i just have incredible trust in their creative vision , ' james nicola , artistic director of new york theater workshop , told the new york times . ' i 'm really excited about it . these are three very different sensibilities to be colliding . ' the man who fell to earth was the first movie for bowie but he did not write the music amid contractual disputes , instead leaving the task to singer-songwriter john phillips from the mamas and the papas . adaptation : the movie was an adaptation of the walter tevis novel of the same name , published in 1963 . tweaks : it is not clear what changes will be made in the stage version , lazarus , by bowie and enda walsh . it has been in the works for years , according to new york theater workshop artistic director james nicola . new direction ? the team has refused to categorize the new production as either a play or a musical . bowie has long been fascinated by space and science fiction , emerging on the scene in 1969 with his astronaut anthem space oddity and later writing the probing life on mars ? bowie studied acting and is known for his portrayal on broadway in 1980-81 of severely deformed englishman joseph merrick in the elephant man . bowie , 68 , kept quiet for a decade before releasing the album the next day in 2013 . he last year released the career-spanning collection nothing has changed with new material . 