dzhokhar tsarnaev murdered their 8-year-old son and permanently maimed their 7-year-old daughter , but bill and denise richard do not want to see him executed . in a moving op-ed for the boston globe , published just a day after the two-year anniversary of their son martin 's death , the richards have asked that tsarnaev be spared the death penalty so that they can finally get closure on the darkest chapter of their lives . last week a jury found tsarnaev guilty on all counts related to the april 15 , 2013 attack on the boston marathon finish line . the penalty phase of the trial starts next week , in which the jury will decide whether to sentence tsarnaev to death or life in prison without the possibility of parole . scroll down for video . no to execution : the family of boston marathon bombing victim martin richard wrote an op-ed in the boston globe , saying they oppose the death penalty for convicted terrorist dzhokhar tsarnaev . the family pictured above on tuesday , the two-year anniversary of the attack . clockwise from top left : denise richard , bill richard , henry richard and jane richard . victim : martin richard died at the finish line of the boston marathon on april 15 , 2013 , after the tsarnaev brothers set off twin pressure cooker bombs . while the richards say they are thankful to the government prosecutors for their ' tireless and committed ' work to bring justice , they are now asking them to drop the fight for execution and sign a plea deal to send the 21-year-old to jail for the rest of his life . ' we know that the government has its reasons for seeking the death penalty , but the continued pursuit of that punishment could bring years of appeals and prolong reliving the most painful day of our lives , ' the richards wrote . ' we hope our two remaining children do not have to grow up with the lingering , painful reminder of what the defendant took from them , which years of appeals would undoubtedly bring . ' they say sentencing tsarnaev to death will only bring continued pain for themselves and the other hundreds of bombing victims . ' as long as the defendant is in the spotlight , we have no choice but to live a story told on his terms , not ours . the minute the defendant fades from our newspapers and tv screens is the minute we begin the process of rebuilding our lives and our family , ' they wrote . the richards brought their three kids out to watch the marathon two years ago , and were standing just steps away from where tsarnaev and his brother tamerlan ( who died in a shootout with police a few days later ) dropped off two pressure cooker bombs . little martin died in the blasts and his sister jane lost a leg . death or prison ? last week , a jury found tsarnaev ( center ) guilty on all charges related to the attack . next week marks the beginning of the penalty phase of the trial in which the jury will decide whether to sentence tsarnaev to death or life in prison . tsarnaev pictured above in a court sketch from april 6 . moments before : martin richard is seen circled in blue on the day of the marathon . behind him walks tsarnaev , carrying a backpack believed to have held one of the two bombs . during the course of tsarnaev 's trial , photos were shown in court of the moments before he dropped off a bomb in a backpack , strolling just behind the richard family lined up against a gate at the finish line . on tuesday , the richard family revisited the finish line to take part in a memorial . the family were pictured hugging and crying at the emotional ceremony . the richards are n't the first to speak out against the death penalty in tsarnaev 's high-profile trial . the boston globe editorial board issued similar sentiments and last week massachusetts senator elizabeth warren said tsarnaev should ' die in prison ' . the death penalty is outlawed in massachusetts , where the trial is taking place , but since tsarnaev is being judged in federal court , execution is still a sentencing option . however , experts say that the jurors may sway towards life in prison , considering the state 's generally liberally view on the controversial issue . tsarnaev 's lead defense attorney is judy clarke , a woman who specializes in helping high-profile clients like the unabomber escape the death penalty . clarke and the rest of tsarnaev 's legal team have been trying to paint their client as a gullible young man who was a secondary player in her older brother 's terrorist plot . all together : above , bill and denise richard pictured with their three children before losing martin ( bottom right ) in the bombing . brothers : tsarnaev 's ( right ) defense attorneys have tried to paint him as secondary in a plot orchestrated by his more extreme older brother tamerlan ( left ) . tamerlan died a few days after the bombing in a shootout with police .