a male student accused of raping his classmate has sued columbia university for failing to protect him against backlash and harassment . authorities rejected emma sulkowicz 's case that paul nungesser , a german citizen , was a ' serial rapist ' who assaulted her after class . nonetheless , the case gathered international attention as sulkowicz , a senior majoring in visual arts , publicly paraded her mattress in protest , calling for his indictment . and according to nungesser 's lawsuit citing 'gender-based harassment and defamation ' , columbia presented the allegations as fact on a university-owned website . scroll down for video . ' no protection ' : paul nungesser is suing columbia university for allowing emma sulkowicz to parade the school and take campus-provided transport with her mattress in protest against him , calling him a rapist . the lawsuit was filed in manhattan federal court on thursday , three days after a judge tossed out another gender-based lawsuit brought by a male student against columbia university . defendants include the school , its board of trustees , president lee c. bollinger and professor jon kessler . the lawsuit sought unspecified damages . ' columbia university 's effective sponsorship of the gender-based harassment and defamation of paul resulted in an intimidating , hostile , demeaning ... learning and living environment , ' the lawsuit said . roger hornsby , a columbia spokesman , said the school had no comment . email messages requesting comment from bollinger and kessler were not immediately returned . in his lawsuit , nungesser said a columbia-owned website had presented as fact that he sexually assaulted sulkowicz , a senior majoring in visual arts . it said that the school allowed sulkowicz to carry a mattress into classes , the library and campus-provided transportation as part of her senior thesis , that kessler approved the ' mattress project ' for her course credit and that sulkowicz 's pledge to carry her mattress to graduation may prevent nungesser and his parents , who 'd like to fly from germany , from participating in graduation ceremonies . 'day-to-day life is unbearably stressful , as emma and her mattress parade around campus each and every day , ' the suit said . as a result of publicity that resulted in media reports in 35 countries , the lawsuit said , nungesser ' has been subjected to severe , pervasive ... and threatening behavior by other columbia students , believing that paul is a `serial rapist , ' whenever paul has appeared at university activities . ' nungesser became the target of international attacks following the claims , which were dismissed by a judge . the complaint also said he wants to stay in the united states , where he has been dating a girlfriend for over a year , and is seeking consulting work in new york , though job prospects have been ' severely jeopardized ' by the school 's support of sulkowicz . in an email responding to a request for comment , sulkowicz wrote : ' i think it 's ridiculous that paul would sue not only the school but one of my past professors for allowing me to make an art piece . ' it 's ridiculous that he would read it as a `bullying strategy , ' especially given his continued public attempts to smear my reputation , when really it 's just an artistic expression of the personal trauma i 've experienced at columbia . if artists are not allowed to make art that reflect on our experiences , then how are we to heal ? ' sulkowicz has argued her case was badly mishandled by the school disciplinary panel after she reported in 2013 she was raped in her dorm months before . she was among 23 students who sued columbia last year , saying it mishandled sexual assault cases . she also attended president barack obama 's state of the union address in january at the invitation of sen. kirsten gillibrand , d-n.y . 