manchester united had four different scorers on sunday . at the start of the season i don’t think anyone would have thought that quartet would be anywhere near the team , let alone scoring vital goals in a huge manchester derby . with all that money flashing around you would have picked angel di maria over juan mata , marcus rojo over chris smalling and just about anybody over marouane fellaini and ashley young . but all four have proved their worth . people said mata was too slow but his brain is certainly quick enough . fellaini is now united’s go-to guy and smalling has improved . juan mata celebrates after scoring against manchester city , and he is part of louis van gaal 's ' fab four ' . ashley young is another player that few would have expected to be a key part of van gaal 's plans . marouane fellaini has become manchester united 's go-to player in midfielder this season . chris smalling has improved and despite the summer spending he remains a key aprt of the team . as for young , who would have thought he would become one of united’s most consistent players ? it just shows how louis van gaal works . he doesn’t care about names — he wants to pick the right person at the right time and give everyone a chance . the only potential problem would be a michael carrick injury . he has been instrumental in united’s revival . as for manuel pellegrini , i feel for him because he seems a good guy but this could be the final straw . van gaal doesn’t care about names — he wants to pick the right person at the right time and give a chance . the only potential problem would be a michael carrick injury as he has been instrumental in united’s revival . adding goals will make james a star . we 've heard a lot about james ward-prowse and he was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season . he is a fantastic young player with fine technique and an excellent set-piece . but it’s incredible that the penalty he scored on saturday was only his second goal in 85 games for southampton . he grew up idolising david beckham and steven gerrard but they did not just provide , they scored too . james ward-prowse was one of my 10 players to watch at the start of the season and he scored this weekend . now he has to go up a level and try and emulate his heroes by scoring goals on a regular basis . if he does that , he could well be one of the young england stars fighting for a midfield place at euro 2016 . ward-prowse grew up idolising david beckham ( right ) and steven gerrard ( centre ) , he must score like them . my tip for ward-prowse from august 2014 as one of my 10 players to watch this season . 1998 - the last time all three promoted teams were relegated the following season was in 1997-98 . relegation rivals . with leicester’s last-minute win and qpr unlucky to lose against chelsea , it’s all becoming very tight at the bottom . the three promoted teams are all in the relegation zone as it stands but i’ve got a sneaky feeling one of them will get out of it . and here’s a good omen for them . only once before in premier league history have all three promoted teams gone straight back down and that happened 17 seasons ago . the race is on . qpr were unlucky to lose against chelsea but i’ve got a feeling one of the promoted teams will survive . lennon looking happy again . when aaron lennon went on loan to everton , his first photo shoot caused quite a stir . there was barely a hint of a smile and plenty of people wondered if he really wanted to be there . now he looks like he’s loving life under roberto martinez . he is a good player , has scored a few goals and suits how martinez wants to play . i would not be surprised if he made the switch permanent . aaron lennon looks like he’s loving life under roberto martinez and he suits the way the manager plays . cresswell 's curler . aaron cresswell’s free-kick was one of the finest set-piece goals we’ve seen all season . it feels like a lot of free-kicks have gone flying in this campaign and i wondered if the referee’s vanishing spray was having a big impact . but even with the spray , which is a good addition , there hasn’t been a big change in terms of successful free-kicks , as our table shows . aaron cresswell’s free-kick against stoke city was one of the finest set-piece goals we’ve seen all season . cresswell 's was good but there hasn’t been a big change in successful free-kicks , as our table shows . 4 - in 29 games this season , bolasie has four goals . in his last 77 palace games he only scored three . bolasie starts to bang them in . yannick bolasie has been one of the main reasons behind crystal palace’s incredible run of form this year . alongside wilfried zaha and jason puncheon he has formed an incredibly potent attacking trio . everything he does happens at blistering speed and he absolutely terrorises defenders . he’s such a tricky player and quite old-fashioned in the way he hugs the touchline and takes defenders on . but the very best wide men don’t just create goals , they score them as well . if he keeps firing them in like he did at sunderland , then his value is only going to go up . yannick bolasie has been one of the main reasons behind crystal palace’s incredible run of form this year . homegrown stars . francis coquelin and harry kane have been the two breakthrough players of the year and in positions where their clubs needed reinforcements . coquelin has become such a strong presence in arsenal’s midfield and kane is a striking star for spurs . it just goes to show you don’t always have to go out and spend huge money to solve a problem . the answer can be right under your nose . harry kane 's progress goes to show you don’t always have to go out and spend huge money to solve issues . spurs stagnate . that was a big win for tim sherwood at white hart lane . it gave aston villa some vital points and he also proved a point to his old employers . but how much has really changed at spurs ? if it weren’t for harry kane , there would be some serious criticism heading their way — as the table below shows , they have not improved on last year . it is still a young team and they have time on their side but yet again their season is over sooner than it should be . tim sherwood enjoyed aston villa 's win at white hart lane , it proved a point and earned vital league points . true masters . i was lucky enough to go augusta this week to watch some of the golf and it was fantastic to see how hard all the players work . plenty of footballers fancy themselves as golfers but these guys show just how dedicated you must be to be the best . 