a st. louis woman is doing all she can to stop the city from tearing down the house that has housed three generations of her family . charlesetta taylor , 79 , has lived in her home for 70 years , and was a member of the first african-american family to live in her neighborhood , and now it and 49 others , may be bulldozed . this so the city can make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency . scroll down for video . charlesetta taylor ( above ) , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of st. louis . taylor ( above in the 60s ) was part of the first african-american family in the neighborhood . ' we celebrated everything in here , and there was always something going on , ' she said ( above in front of the home ) . ' we were the first african-american family i know on this block and several other blocks around us , ' taylor told abc news about her three-story brick residence . ' it was 1945 , and there was a restrictive covenant restricting where african-americans could live . but , nonetheless , my father was successful in buying this house for our large family . ' that may all go away though , now that the city needs to keep the nga , and the 3,000 jobs it provides , in st. louis . the company creates maps and satellite imagery that is used by the military for national security , among other things . and if residents are not willing to move , the city says it will resort to eminent domain to take their homes . that would not just mean the loss of taylor 's home , but more importantly the loss of a lifetime of memories . ' we celebrated everything in here , and there was always something going on , ' she said . ' during christmas , dozens of kids would be here : all my siblings , cousins and , later on , their children and children’s children . ' taylor is pictured here at age 9 ( in the upper right corner ) with her siblings . the city may also tear down 49 other homes in addition to taylor 's ( above ) to make sure the nga does not leave the city , and take the 3,000 jobs it provides . taylor also pointed out that many of the other people who could lose their residences are elderly , adding ; ' our homes are not for sale . ' a change.org petition has been started , and already there are over 90,000 signatures . three other sites are being considered and a decision is expected in march 2016 . as taylor says in her petition ; 'we’ve lived in this neighborhood for generations and do not want to move . '