attorneys for a 19-year-old accused of sexually assaulting several girls at his former high school say there is a ' treasure trove ' of evidence proving the girls lied about the abuse , but the lawyers want further access to facebook accounts to prove it . tyler kost , who appeared in court on monday , was arrested last may for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old , most of whom were former classmates at poston butte high school . the pinal county attorney 's office says kost faces 30 charges in three indictments ranging from sexual abuse to child molestation . pictured : tyler kost has been in jail for over a year since a group of teenage girls accused him of sexual misdeeds . accused : attorneys for the 19-year-old accused of sexually assaulting several girls at his former high school say there is a ' treasure trove ' of evidence proving the girls lied about the abuse . kost stared straight ahead throughout most of the proceedings , his expression waffling between consternation and sedation . he looked older than in his booking photo with pale skin and close cropped brown hair . kost 's defense said new evidence taken from facebook and instagram proves the women lied about sexual abuse . ' over a year ago mr. kost was publicly accused of being a serial rapist . what we know now is that there was a group of girls who conspired against tyler to put him in jail . they succeeded in that , and tyler has now been in jail for over a year based on those lies , ' kost attorney christine whalin told ksaz . the prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims , but defense attorney michael alarid said he needs the communications of at least 8 other people to determine how far the plot spreads . the court documents reveal a group facebook chat where three of the accusers and three witnesses made plans to ' teach a lesson ' to kost and referred to the movie ' john tucker must die , ' where ex-girlfriends take revenge on a former boyfriend . ' tyler needs to be taught a lesson , ' ran one interaction , reports ksaz , as well as ' we should sacrifice him to satan . ' and another exchange read : ' i 'm down , ' ... ' i already know this is going to be so much fun ! ' in court : the prosecution handed over 98,000 pages of social media records from several of the alleged victims , but defense attorney michael alarid said he needs the communications of at least 8 other people to determine how far the plot spreads . the exchange happened weeks before the women accused kost of sexual assault . facebook 's privacy policy prevents the defense from gaining access to the other records , alarid said . only law enforcement can request the information from facebook , he said . ' quite frankly the fact that the state is refusing to get any additional social media records is concerning . it 's shocking . based on what we 've uncovered so far they should be dismissing several charges . instead they are digging their heels in and they are refusing to give us anything additional , ' alarid said . prosecutor shawn jensvold said the records are not in the state 's control and ca n't be turned over to the defense . further , he said , the defense has not demonstrated a substantial need for the information . taking cues ? the court documents reveal a group facebook chat where three of the accusers and three witnesses made plans to ' teach a lesson ' to kost and referred to the movie ' john tucker must die , ' where ex-girlfriends take revenge on a former boyfriend . the film stars jesse metcalfe and ashanti . jensvold said that the facebook conversation only shows that three of the victims might be involved in a revenge plot , but not the other 10 victims . ' it 's not the state 's job to go on a fishing expedition for the defense , which is very clear within the case law , ' he said . kost was arrested after the pinal county sherriff 's office received a tip accusing him of sexual assault against five victims . he was booked on two counts of sexual assault and two counts of sexual misconduct with a minor . detectives later identified eight other girls who said they were sexually abused by kost . a spokesman for the sheriff 's office said that in at least one case kost threatened , harassed and told a victim to kill herself . in another , a victim said she became pregnant when she was raped after a poston butte homecoming dance . judge kevin white set the next hearing for may 4 at the pinal county superior court . back in court : tyler kost , who appeared in court on monday , was arrested last may for sexual crimes against 13 girls between 13 and 17 years old . kost stared straight ahead throughout most of the proceedings , his expression waffling between consternation and sedation . he looked older than in his booking photo with pale skin and close cropped brown hair . 