andy erlam has announced he will stand to be the next mayor of tower hamlets - telling voters it is a chance to ' change everything for the better ' . the grandfather who won a high court victory to kick out the crooked mayor‎ of tower hamlets yesterday announced he will stand as a ' martin bell'-style anti-corruption independent candidate in his place . andy erlam pledged to end years of ' rotten borough ' politics . last week mr erlam led four ordinary voters who defied threats , financial ‎ruin and official apathy to have lutfur rahman unseated from office by an electoral court . rahman - who police afraid of being branded ' racist ' failed to charge - was found guilty of rigging his election for mayor in may 2014 by a systematic campaign to steal votes . yesterday mr erlam , 64 , a retired film maker , said : ‎ ' since last week , many people have asked me to stand . ' i 've given it a lot of thought and have decided ‎to go for it . ' for many years , the people living here have suffered under a corrupt leadership . ' unless someone stands up to it , there is a danger that rahman 's cronyism and corruption will just continue in another form . ' rahman was banned from office for five years but has many acolytes who are not prevented from standing . in putting his name forward for the election on june 11 , mr erlam is following in the footsteps of martin bell , the former war reporter who stood as an ' anti sleaze ' candidate and beat mp neil hamilton in tatton in 1997 . ‎rahman , branded a ' pathological liar ' and cheat who ' played the race card on every occasion ' by electoral judge richard mawrey qc , diverted millions of pounds from groups like the alzheimer 's society to muslim organisations , some with extremist links . lutfur rahman , pictured , had the mayoral office stripped from his after an electoral court found him guilty of rigging his election . he was branded a ' pathological liar ' and a cheat happy to ' play the race card ' at every turn . andy erlam ( centre ) was one of four petitioners including angela moffat ( left ) and azmal hussein ( right ) who accused rahman of electoral fraud . their ' enormous courage ' for taking the case forward was praised . tower hamlets was so corrupt the government sent in independent commissioners to run it . mr erlam said : ‎'the entire local government machine needs to be transformed and with government commissioners in place , it 's the chance in our lifetimes to change everything for the better . ' if elected i will shut down ( council-run newsletter ) east end life , the pravda of rahman , end the `` cult of personality '' at the town hall and investigate and change every aspect of the council with the many good officers who i know have been frustrated and blocked for years . ' ' this is not the end , this is only the beginning . ' mr erlam has criticised the met for ' not investigating election fraud properly , protecting rahman and for its failure to , even now , launch a serious investigation at the town hall . ' he added : ‎ ' i am standing to give the voters of tower hamlets a choice . if elected , i will lead the transformation of the london borough of tower hamlets and nothing will stop me . the people will decide . ' ‎in court last week , the judge hailed the ‘ enormous courage’ of tower hamlets residents mr erlam , 64 , angela moffat , 47 , azmal hussein , 63 , and debbie simone , 44 . he said they had faced a ‘ potentially devastating’ legal bill if they had lost , adding : ‘ they knew mr rahman would deploy all his resources to defeat them and they would be portrayed as racists and islamophobes . and so it proved . the petitioners have been duly vilified - but they have hung in there . they have been vindicated . ’