a baseball fan has been taken to hospital on a stretcher after being hit in the head by a foul ball behind home plate . the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates take on the chicago cubs at pnc park on monday night when she was knocked unconscious . she was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind by the cubs ' starlin castro and careered into her head . horrifying : the woman was watching the pittsburgh pirates take on the chicago cubs at pnc park on monday night when she was hit by a foul ball . impact : she was making her way back to her seat during the second inning when the ball was hit behind and careered into her head . collapse : the lady 's head of blond hair can be seen behind the batter 's left arm as she falls to the ground . response : following a 22-minute delay in the game , the woman was taken to hospital on a stretcher . the pirates said in a statement that she was unconscious and thanked her caregivers as she was wheeled out . there was a net in place but , as she was standing so close , she was hit because of the slack . the horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game as emts treated the fan - placing her in a head brace . she was then transported to hospital having reportedly regained consciousness . the pittsburgh pirates tweeted : ' a scary moment here in the 2nd as a fan is hit with a foul ball.our thoughts and prayers are with her tonight . the mlb franchise also issued a statement saying : ' during the top of the second inning , a female fan was struck in the head with a foul ball . ' after initial treatment by pnc park and pittsburgh ems personnel , she was placed on a stretcher , moved to a nearby ambulance and brought to the hospital for further treatment . ' she was conscious and alert at the time of transport , graciously thanking her caregivers while giving a ' thumbs up ' gesture to nearby fans . ' our thoughts and prayers are with her . we will share additional information as it becomes available . ' her condition is currently unknown . support : concerned fans gather around the woman as she is placed in a head brace . prognosis : the pirates said in a statement issued after the terrifying incident that she had regained consciousness and thanked her caregivers as she was wheeled out of the stadium . from above : a fan seated higher up in the stadium took a picture as the stretcher was being prepared . ' scary moment ' : the pittsburgh pirates shared their concern for the woman on twitter during the delay .