a heartbroken sydney man has gone to extreme lengths to show his ex-girlfriend that he deserves a second chance . michael munday has taken to social media to post heartfelt notes dedicated to the love of his life , melissa , declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back . yet some users were not entirely convinced by mr munday 's plea for help , describing his messages as ' creepy and inappropriate ' . although it is not quite clear what caused the couple to split , it appears the break up was initiated by melissa as mr munday wrote : ' i deserve a second chance . l did n't do it . ' michael munday has taken to social media to post love notes dedicated to the love of his life , melissa , declaring that he needs the support of the public in order to win her back . the sydney man has posted 135 tweets about his ex-girlfriend and has about 23k followers . mr munday says by gaining retweets , ' likes ' on his facebook page and using hashtags # michaellovesmelissa it will prove how much he loves melissa . ' help me get her back , your retweets and hashtags will help show her i deserve a second chance . l did n't do it , ' he wrote on his twitter page . ' help me show her how much she means to me . ' mr munday has tweeted 135 love notes dedicated to melissa . among them include : ' finally i figured out , but it took a long time . and now there 's a turnabout , maybe cause i 'm trying . it 's all for you # michaellovesmelissa ' . yet some users were not entirely convinced by mr munday 's plea for help , describing his messages as ' creepy and inappropriate ' . mr munday has also been using social media to remind his former-girlfriend that he has not forgotten about her . ' thinking of you my angel . not a minute passes without you on my mind . i did n't do what you think i did . believe me . # michaellovesmelissa , ' he tweeted . but while mr munday has gained 23k followers on twitter , others have also taken to social media to express their concerns . ' this is terrifying . letting your ex-partner know you miss them is one thing , but starting a social media campaign to coerce them into dating you again is quite another , ' dannielle miller wrote as she shared mr munday 's twitter page on wednesday . ' i find his posts creepy and inappropriate . i suspect she does too . ' ms miller was also shocked with the number of people who are supporting him in his act .