ronny deila has confirmed hearts captain danny wilson features on a list of celtic’s summer transfer targets . as sportsmail revealed on tuesday , the scottish champions are considering a £400,000 offer for the former rangers and liverpool defender . wilson has 12 months left on his current contract , with hearts owner ann budge insisting the newly-promoted edinburgh club have no need to sell . hearts captain danny wilson ( right ) is a summer transfer target for celtic and could be signed for £400,000 . the defender is out of contract at the end of the season but hearts are in no rush to sell . with celtic battling to keep hold of current pairing virgil van dijk and jason denayer , however , manager deila admits wilson is among the potential central-defensive reinforcements being considered . ‘ he ( wilson ) is one of many names we are looking at , ’ the norwegian conceded . ‘ i know all about him , of course . he is a good player but there is nothing in that right now . we are looking for central defenders . that is an important target because of jason [ denayer ] and also because of the situation with virgil . hopefully we will keep him . ’ van dijk has attracted the attention of sunderland and southampton while on-loan denayer will return to parent club manchester city after making his full international debut for belgium this week . desperate to hold on to both ahead of champions league qualifiers which could potentially be worth £16million to the club , deila added : ‘ first of all , virgil is our player . he will stay . that’s what we want , to have him through the champions league . ‘ he is so important to us . he still has things to work on to become even better . his chance will come in the future - but he is one of the players we really want to keep . celtic will face a challenge to keep hold of the services of highly-rated dutch defender virgil van dijk . john denayer is expected to return to manchester city after an impressive loan spell in scotland . ‘ virgil is the leader in the defence , so he is vital for us . any money we could get for virgil can’t compare with the money we would get from the champions league . ‘ jason is a young player , a very good player as well . it is easy to get one player in for him , but not so much if we need two . that’s a totally different thing . i was delighted for jason he got 30 minutes for belgium . again it shows to other players we are doing something right here , that he has come from not playing an important match , ever , to now playing in the first team for belgium . that’s credit to him and for us as well . ’ repeating the view that denayer should stay at celtic to play european football rather than risk a return to the manchester city reserves , deila insisted : ‘ i think it’s important for him to play , that’s why we sent liam henderson to rosenborg because he needs playing time . i don’t know if he will play or not , i think he will , but it’s a very good experience for him , playing at a big club , with pressure . and the level is hopefully a little bit lower than here and he will get that experience . ‘it’s the same for jason . city is so hard to play for , if he gets in there he is a world-class player . he is still only 20 so i think he should get more experience here . as it is now , he is going to go back to manchester city for pre-season . ’ psv winger zakaria bakkali is another target for the spl champions and is available on a free transfer . budge , meanwhile , insisted that hearts’ good financial health means there would be no need for them to let wilson go on the cheap . ‘ we have been successful and there will be interest in our players and management team , ’ she admitted . ‘ but am i confident we can hang on to the majority of the people we currently have . ‘ we are in a good bargaining position . we have a fantastic base on which to build and i hope we can hold as much of that as we can . ‘ that said , it is a commercial world out there and if someone comes long and offers someone something hugely substantial , then who knows ? ’ as well as wilson , deila admitted celtic are also trying to tie up players on pre-contract agreements . psv eindhoven’s belgian winger zakaria bakkali is one bosman target , deila saying : ‘ we have three players we are thinking of on bosman but we haven’t agreed anything with anyone . ’ 