toby perkins , deputy chairman of the labour election campaign , revealed in an email that his interns are paid just £4 per day for 12-hour shifts . labour has been accused of ' utter hypocrisy ' after it was revealed interns working for one of their election chiefs are paid just £4 per day while the party claims to champion the low paid . an email sent by toby perkins , who is deputy chairman of the labour election campaign as well as mp for chesterfield , revealed that interns are paid just £25 per week for working 12-hour days . now labour is trying to get around the problem by saying the interns will be paid nothing at all , making them volunteers rather than workers . the email , published in the sun , reveals that alongside their measly wage , interns could expect to be reimbursed for travel , as well as being put up in accommodation during the campaign . mr perkins had last week denied employing any interns , despite advertising for five ' enthusiastic , motivated and hard-working campaign interns ' online on march 8 . the advert , which says the interns will be paid for travel , food and accommodation , adds : ' this is an excellent opportunity to receive training in and get first hand experience of labour campaigns , as part of a driven and highly motivated team . ' labour 's 2015 manifesto has sought to champion working-class britons by increasing the minimum wage to £8 per hour , promoting the living wage , and banning zero-hours contracts . julia cambridge , who is running against mr perkins in chesterfield , said : ' this smacks of utter hypocrisy . ' you ca n't one day bang on about giving workers a living wage , and then do the exact opposite . ' mr perkins , who was first elected mp in 2010 , is defending a narrow majority of just 500 votes over the lib dems in chesterfield . he said that the email , entitled ' the interns are coming ' was intended to drum up support and give the impression campaigners are working hard . julia cambridge , a lib dem who is running against mr perkins in his chesterfield constituency . in a statement he added : ' the people working on my election campaign are doing so in a voluntary capacity . ' two of the volunteers are students on four-year politics degrees who have during their third year been based in my office in westminster and wanted to volunteer in the general election campaign . ' the other two are local young party members who were between jobs and were wanting to dedicate themselves to the general election campaign . ' the local party arranged to cover their expenses . '