a white supremacist who allegedly shot dead his gay boss at a north carolina community college after he was fired has been found sleeping on a florida beach . kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , was arrested around 1.30 a.m. on tuesday when he was seen sleeping in daytona beach , florida , goldsboro police captain dwayne dean said . stancil , who had a knife with him , was arrested without incident when volusia county beach patrol officers found the suspect sleeping on the beach , which is a violation of a local ordinance . the arrest came nearly 24 hours after he allegedly walked into wayne county community college in goldsboro , where he had previously studied , and shot dead the print shop director , ron lane . arrested : kenneth morgan stancil iii , 20 , left , was arrested sleeping on a florida beach early on tuesday , nearly 24 hours after shooting dead his former work-study supervisor ron lane , right . lane , who had worked at the college for 18 years , had supervised stancil under a work-study program but is believed to have recently fired him . stancil 's mother , debbie , confirmed to wncn that lane had fired her son without notice and claimed that lane had ' made inappropriate sexual advances toward ' him . according to lane 's facebook page , he had been in a relationship with a man named chuck tobin . tobin , 28 , vanished after leaving home last july and his remains were found in november . police said on tuesday that they are investigating the fatal shooting as a possible hate crime , although they refused to say what hate crime was being investigated . goldsboro police and the wayne county district attorney 's office said they will work to have stancil extradited to north carolina to face an open count of murder . daytona beach is about 540 miles south of goldsboro and it is not yet clear how stancil traveled the there . authorities had previously said they believed he was still in north carolina . goldsboro city spokeswoman kim best said stancil , a third-year student , had recently left the school but did not say when . take over : a military style swat vehicle from the johnston county sheriff 's office arrived at the college after the 8am shooting on monday . it is believed that stancil targeted lane before fleeing the building . swoop : authorities enter the home stancil shares with his mother and two younger brothers on monday . search : they look through a vehicle outside the home on monday as a massive manhunt was launched . according to police , stancil walked into the building at 8am carrying a long-barreled gun , went up to the third floor - perhaps using a back staircase - and fired one shot , which killed lane . first-year student jovaun williams , 24 , told the associated press that he was heading up a staircase inside the building when he heard a single muffled pop , which he knew was a gunshot . by the time he reached the ground floor again , he saw police officers running into the building , which houses the cafeteria and library , with their guns drawn . swat teams raced to wayne community college , the entire campus was evacuated , and the school was placed on lockdown , although it was lifted a few hours later . authorities at one point thought they had cornered stancil in a restroom and fired tear gas in a bid to get him out , but found it was not the shooter inside . killed : stancil , left , allegedly killed the long-time college employee , right , and faces one count of open murder . by his side : stancil 's mother debbie , pictured at his graduation , said lane had fired him with no notice . claim : stancil 's mother has claimed that lane , who was gay , had made unwanted sexual advances towards her son . lane is pictured right with his boyfriend , chuck tobin , who was found dead last year . nearby , the private wayne county day school - with about 300 students in prekindergarten through 12th grade - was also put on lockdown . sheriff 's deputies also swarmed the home stancil shared with his mother and two younger brothers . a next-door neighbor , barbara williams , said stancil 's grandparents lived on the other side of the mobile home , where they operated an assisted living home . williams said stancil once helped her late husband when he fell out of his bed . ' he came over here and picked him right up and put him back on the bed , ' williams said . ' i 've never had no problems with those kids . ... it just surprises me . ' on facebook , he describes his interests as ' white pride ' and calls himself the ' white knight ' . evacuated : students were seen congregating in the college parking lot on monday morning . clearing buildings : a line of about 20 to 30 students were escorted out of the campus with their hands up . leaving : as the morning progressed students were escorted off the college campus by polic . he also has multiple white supremacist tattoos across his body , including ' brother hood'across his neck and '88 ' beneath his eye . the number eight represents the eighth letter in the alphabet - h - and so is 88 understood to stand for ' heil hitler ' . he also has a large cross tattooed above his right ear . after stancil fled , authorities urged the public not to approach him , calling him extremely dangerous . at a press conference late on monday morning , wcc president kay albertson said : ' our hearts are heavy , but it could have been a lot worse . ' students at the community college planned to return to class on tuesday . the college is one hour away from raleigh and has 3,900 students currently enrolled .