a wedding in saudi arabia took a dangerous turn when the brother of the groom began firing celebratory shots with a kalashnikov , sending a hail of bullets ricocheting off the walls . horrified guests dived for cover as the groom 's brother lost control of the gun at a reception in the capital riyadh . firing guns in the air is a traditional way of celebrating special occasions in some parts of saudi arabia and despite government efforts to stop it , the dangerous practice lingers on . shotgun wedding : the groom 's brother was caught on camera as he lost control of a kalashnikov while firing a celebratory round into the air . banging start : as the man starts shooting , he loses control of the rifle and fires at the wall by mistake , sending bullets spraying across the street over the wedding guest . the incident was caught on camera , and the short clip shows the wedding party making its way towards the wedding hall when suddenly the brother of the groom starts shooting in the air . as he fires off the celebratory round , he loses control of the kalashnikov rifle and fires at the wall by mistake , sending bullets spraying across the street . once he stops shooting , the video shows the guests attempt to reform a queue and act as if nothing untoward had happened , while resuming their slow procession to the wedding . the 30-second clip , believed to have been filmed with a mobile phone has been viewed nearly 140,000 times . several online commentators criticise the gunman , calling him irresponsible and unable to hold his rifle right . bad move : the procession was making its way towards the ceremony when the man started shooting . bad aim : the round accidentally hits the wall as the wedding procession walks and bullets ricochet . the 30-second clip , believed to have been filmed with a mobile phone has been viewed nearly 140,000 times . user khalifasakar wrote : ' it was highly irresponsible on his part . if he was so keen on his kind of jubilation , he should do it in an open space away from people . ' even though i do not know much about firearms , i can tell you he was not holding his kalashnikov correctly . ' another , byzanti , said : ' the police should use the video clip to identify the brother and apply the law . ' as long as there is no punishment , people will continue to act irresponsibly . those who attempt to show off their firearm skills are usually cowards in real action . ' abu atab posted : ' the kalashnikov man should be tied up alongside the family sheep until the wedding is over . ' the saudi government has been calling for an end to the local tradition of firing guns into the air to celebrate weddings and birthdays , which has often resulted in accidental deaths . a government spokesman said : ' security agencies have been told to monitor wedding halls and places of celebration to prevent this sort of thing happening . ' those that break the law will be severely punished . we are aware of this video and relevant authorities are looking into it . '