natalie bennett said the so-called ‘ citizens income’ – which critics say would cost £280billion – would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer . every adult in britain would be paid £72 a week under a commitment in the green manifesto – but the party leader admitted her pledges could take decades to implement . natalie bennett said the so-called ‘ citizens income’ – which critics say would cost £280billion – would take longer than five years to bring in , and could take even longer . she said another green pledge – to dismantle the armed forces and use weapons factories to build wind turbines – was also a ‘long-term aspiration’ . and the party’s policy of leaving nato and abandoning nuclear weapons was ‘ many decades into the future’ . the revelations came in another disappointing performance by miss bennett , when she was interviewed on the bbc radio 4 today programme . in february she suffered what she called a ‘ brain fade’ on lbc radio when she forgot the details of her party’s key housing policies . on today , she was challenged about policies listed in the green policy book , which is set by party members at the annual conference . one of these is the citizens’ incomes , which would be given to everyone in britain as a ‘ right of citizenship’ , regardless of wealth or whether they are seeking work . miss bennett , the green party leader in england and wales , said the policy would take time to implement . she said : ‘ let me say this very slowly – the commitment is in the manifesto . we don’t think we can introduce it in the term of the next parliament ; it’s a big change . ‘ the green party has a long-term vision about what britain should look like . i don’t apologise for that . ‘ we are saying we need a britain that’s built on principles of politics ; we need a different kind of politics and having that long-term vision , looking into the future and saying what should britain look like in five , 10 , 20 years’ time is something that is very much central to green party politics . ’ claiming the citizens’ income was backed by an ‘ increasing number of economists’ , she said that as ‘ the sixth richest economy , we have to provide for everyone 's basic needs and we have to do that within the limits of our one planet’ . ‘ the citizens ' income , the commitment to that , is in this manifesto – but we 've seen the difficulties that iain duncan smith has got into in introducing universal credit , so we 're saying it would take more than the term of one parliament to actually introduce this , ’ she said . claiming the citizens’ income was backed by an ‘ increasing number of economists’ , ms bennett said that as ‘ the sixth richest economy , we have to provide for everyone 's basic needs and we have to do that within the limits of our one planet’ . after two-and-a-half years as green party leader , natalie bennett would have liked to think she has made a name for herself . but after another faltering media performance she suffered the indignity of being confused with her predecessor . radio 4 today presenter john humphreys ended the grilling saying : caroline lucas , thank you very much . ' he quickly apologised for his gaffe . ms lucas was green leader from 2008-12 , but stood down to concentrate on being the party 's first mp . miss bennett was also challenged over a pledge , contained in the same policy book , to dismantle the armed forces – saying it was a ‘long-term’ aspiration . she also said that abandoning nuclear weapons and leaving nato was a ‘long-term plan many decades into the future’ . the book also contains pledges to legalise the sex industry and drug use , decriminalise al qaeda membership and impose new taxes on pop music performances and large gifts . miss bennett said the greens were now the third-largest party in england and wales . ‘ we 're larger than ukip , we 're larger than the lib dems , ’ she said . ‘ we have more than 58,000 members . ‘ we 've had one green mp , caroline lucas , who 's had a huge impact as one mp in the parliament . ‘ and we 're now working very hard to send a strong group of green mps to parliament who - given the electoral arithmetic - have a very good chance of being in a strong position to really influence the whole direction of the next government . ’ she said her party offered a ‘ genuine alternative’ to the conservatives ' ‘ austerity heavy’ and the labour 's ‘austerity-lite’ . the green’ manifesto will be launched next week . 