as eight teams prepare to battle it out for a place in the semi-finals of this season 's european rugby champions cup , sportsmail 's nik simon gives us a run-down of each of the sides left in the competition . leinster vs bath . strengths . fronted by captain jamie heaslip , leinster are armed with international experience and had 11 players in the ireland squad who beat england last month . bath 's qualities are channeled through their attack , with mike ford giving the likes of england backs george ford , jonathan joseph and anthony watson a licence to play with flair . weaknesses . poor league form has stunted leinster 's season , with the dublin side currently fifth in the pro12 competition after winning just one of their last five fixtures . bath are short of experience in some key positions , particularly their up and coming backline . dangermen . leinster : sean o'brien bath : jonathan joseph . record . leinster : champions 2008-09 , 2010-11 , 2011-12 bath : champions 1997-98 . leinster 's jamie heaslip is tackled by wasps' sailosi tagicakibau at the rds arena in october 2014 . bath 's jonathan joseph runs with the ball during an open training session at the farleigh house complex . clermont vs northampton . strengths . the stade marcel michelin is a fortress , with clermont not having lost a european game in the massif central since a 32-15 defeat by sale in 2008 . saints ' jim mallinder has one of the most settled groups in the aviva premiership , boasting a strong core of squad players who maintain consistently high standards . weaknesses . the top 14 side were left with a worrying injury list after the six nations , with france backs morgan parra , camille lopez and wesley fofana among those missing . saints try to play on the edge with enforcers such as dylan hartley and calum clarke , however discipline has previously tipped over the edge in big games . dangermen . clermont : napolioni nalaga northampton : courtney lawes . record . clermont : runners-up 2012-13 northampton : champions 1999-00 , runners-up 2010-11 . forward courtney lawes passes the ball during a training session for nothampton on wednesday . clermont 's fiji winger napolioni nalaga charges forward with the ball for clermont at the michelin stadium . racing metro vs saracens . strengths . racing are flush with money , investing heavily in overseas players such as jonathan sexton , jamie roberts and , as of next season , dan carter . as well as their famous ' wolf pack ' defence , saracens pride themselves on the set-piece and use the scrum and line-out as dangerous attacking weapons . weaknesses . the nouveau-riche parisian outfit are inexperienced at knockout european rugby , having never progressed from the group stages before this season . mark mccall 's suffered heartbreak against toulon last season and must show more mental fortitude to better their defeat in last season 's final . dangermen . racing metro : jamie roberts saracens : billy vunipola . record . racing : first time in knockout saracens : runners-up 2013-14 . saracens ' billy vunipola releases the ball during the aviva premiership match against harlequins at wembley . toulon vs wasps . strengths . funded by tycoon mourad boudjellal , the cote d'azur club have invested heavily to create the world 's most star-studded squad . since relocating to coventry , wasps have been driven on by the powerful back row of james haskell , ashley johnson and nathan hughes , though hughes is suspended for kneeing george north in the head . weaknesses . toulon are in danger of having too many players to choose from , depriving some squad members of the chance to build up consistency . dai young has the opposite problem at wasps , who are not blessed with the same depth and could struggle to fill the void left by hughes ' three-week ban . dangermen . toulon : mathieu bastareaud wasps : christian wade . record . toulon : champions 2012-13 , 2013-14 wasps : champions 2003-04 , 2006-07 . james haskell receives a pass during wasps ' open training session at the twyford avenue sports ground . christian wade dives to score a try for warsps during the aviva premiership match against northampton .