a south carolina mother of four died over the weekend after collapsing moments after completing a half marathon . amanda peake glover was a devoted youth ministry teacher and choir singer who 'd only one month before had completed the myrtle beach marathon with her brother . glover was also a co-owner of an elgin fitness center , leaving her mourning friends and family all the more shocked at her sudden death following saturday 's race . collapsed : south carolina mother-of-four amanda peake glover died saturday after running the palmetto half marathon . her husband , benji , is , no doubt , the most shocked of all . amanda 's friend ashley blocker says benji was just behind his wife of nine years in the palmetto half marathon . ' he was four minutes behind her , ' blocker told wltx . ' i 'm sure he thought well i 'll catch up with her at the finish line and she 'll gloat about how she beat me and we 'll go about our day , you know . it makes you hold people a little bit tighter and not take things for granted . ' blocker met glover at fitness 535 in columbia , which glover co-owned . ' i watched her mother her four children ] , and if i 'm half the mother she was , then i 'll be doing a really good job , ' blocker said . amanda was a fitness lover and a month before her death had run a full marathon with her brother , who said they crossed the finish line hand-in-hand . fitness lover : amanda was a fitness lover who co-owned a fitness center and only a month before her death had run a full marathon . shockiong : her brother josh said he and his sister had finished the myrtle beach marathon hand-in-hand just a month ago . ' it has n't completely hit me yet , ' josh peake said . ' i feel like i 'm going to wake up from a dream . she ran the race of life . ' while the exact cause of amanda 's death remained unclear , the circumstances were eerily commonplace . amanda and just crossed the finish line when she simply collapsed . she was rushed by ambulance to a nearby hospital but was soon pronounced dead . she is survived by her husband benjamin , daughters hope , reagan and caroline and son walker . ' it has n't completely hit me yet , ' amanda 's brother josh peake said . ' i feel like i 'm going to wake up from a dream . she ran the race of life ' . left behind : she is survived by her husband benjamin , daughters hope , reagan and caroline and son walker . 