ronnie barker 's paedophile son will share more than £500,000 this year in royalties , according to new accounts . adam barker , who served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012 , is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd , which manages and distributes his father 's work . the company made £501,319 profit in the year to last june , which will be split with his sister charlotte , 53 , and brother laurence , 46 . adam barker ( left ) , pictured with parents joy and ronnie in 1997 , will share more than £500,000 this year in royalties , according to new accounts . it also has assets of nearly £1.2million , the daily mirror reported . the previous year the company made around £300,000 and barker would have similarly received a one-third share . the 47-year-old was first arrested in 2003 during a dawn raid on his house . 1,675 images and videos depicting child pornography were discovered by officers . he went on the run for eight years - during which time his mother and father both died - and was reportedly living in hungary . at the time he left a note for his parents , which read : ‘ dear mummy and daddy . some time ago the police came to my house looking for images of under-age children on my computer . i was arrested . ‘ i must apologise for being foolish and thank you for being great parents . rather than wait and find out what will happen , i will go away . you must understand that i won’t be able to contact you for quite some time . ’ the 47-year-old served 13 weeks in prison after admitting to making indecent images of children in 2012 . he is an equal shareholder in handles for forks ltd , which manages and distributes his father 's work . above , ronnie barker is pictured with ronnie corbett . the whereabouts of the part-time actor , who appeared in bond film tomorrow never dies , remained a mystery until he handed himself in to a police station in west london . he was jailed at lsleworth crown court in october 2012 for 12 months after admitting 20 counts of making indecent images of children , 17 of which were of pre-teen boys . judge rosa dean , sentencing at the time , told him : ‘ your offences contributed to the degradation and continued abuse of children . ’ but he served only 12 weeks because he had already spent three months on remand .