the front row at mercedes-benz fashion week australia were given an eyeful during the st george new generation show on thursday . models strut down the runway in delicate sheer creations by marriam seddiq , and a few stood out for being particularly eyebrow-raising . one model paraded in a completely see-through mesh dress that left little to the imagination . scroll down for video . cheeky : models give the front row an eyeful in sheer dresses and pants by marriam seddiq during the st george new generation show at mercedes-benz fashion week australia . leather and straps : a model at the raffles international showcase wore a dress by any step constructed of leather straps and buckles . another wore an unusual skirt and pants creation that appeared demure front-on , but as the model walked was revealed to be a printed panel that viewed from the side revealed entirely sheer pants , showing off her derrière . no less demure was the model in a long waistcoat worn open to reveal her chest and stomach . sex appeal played a major role in the show , whether through the sheer mesh fabrics or racily cut gowns with thigh-high slits . suddenly shy : the model was slightly more conservative backstage , covering herself up for photographers . chesty : and yet another wore a waistcoat open to reveal her front . flashing the flesh : whether through sheer fabric ( left ) or thigh-high slits ( left and right ) , marriam seddiq ensured her models were working the sex factor at all times . similarly , the raffles international showcase held later in the day at carriageworks was awash with racy creations . designer any step sent a model down the runway wearing a dress constructed of just purple leather straps connected in a criss-cross design , leaving much of her body on display . the creation was held to her model with buckles on her arms , around her torso , and legs , while an intricate cuff necklace was the only accessory . the model 's modesty was protected by high-waisted black underwear and black pasties over her nipples . peekaboo : the same model from the any step show was less demure in a completely see-through blouse walking for cynthia francisca . the same model was n't quite so demure in another outfit when walking for a different designer in the showcase . she reappeared wearing a sheer black blouse by cynthia francisca that showed off her breasts , teamed with an intricate body piece and voluminous cream pants . the raffles international showcase featured seven emerging designers from the raffles college of design and commerce . the talent included 580 , any step , asanovski , cynthia francisca , de le motte , iven teh , and sara aljaism . 