a british former supermarket security guard , who left his parents house and became an isis jihadist in syria , has been busy writing advice about ' dealing ' with wannabe jihadi brides . omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , first came to prominence when he appeared in a isis propaganda video , urging the west to send troops to fight isis , vowing ' we 'll send them back one by one in coffins . ' now the fighter has been promoting himself as an amateur islamic thinker , regularly attempting to write about daily issues faced by jihadists . omar hussain , 27 , from high wycombe , used to live at home with his mother and work as a security guard at morrisons before he travelled to syria . entitled ' dealing with sisters and social media ' , the lazy fighter dishes out his best advice for handling the ladies . the fighter , who still has n't managed to find himself a jihadi bride , encourages fighters not to be disheartened by the other fighters who get married via social media . the extremist warns of jihadi brides becoming jealous of other women liking their husband 's social media account too much . he wrote : ' no pious sister would be pleased to see her husband getting so many likes from other sisters . not to mention how glamorous some of these niqabi sisters try to look in their poses of their profile pics . the 27-year-old claimed : ' even a simple word of praise from a sister online can damage your intention . always keep yourself in check . ' hussain initially joined jabhat al-nusra but switched to isis after just four months . he spends most of his time writing and taking photographs from his home in raqqa , syria . creepy jihadi omar hussain also has a cat , known as lucy , whom he adopted from the streets . the bachelor has been keen to dish out advice on securing jihadi brides . when he is not furiously trying to write advice about islam , hussain seems to enjoy eating plenty of unhealthy snacks and attempting to cook . the hapless self styled hitch wrote : ' you may see some brothers with so many sisters following them , with sisters praising them , writing on their page etc . but just ignore the temptations . ' hussain also describes women as ' the adornment of this world , and man is constantly tempted to seek a woman 's attention . ' whilst he loves giving out advice on social media , hussain appears to struggle with life outside the cyber world . unable to fight , hussain finds even the most basic tasks in life difficult and even recently admitted it took him an astonishing 50 minutes to peel just 10 minuscule potatoes . the failed fighter wrote : ' life ca n't go on like this , i need a sabi ( servant ) : ( ' he confessed that he had to cut up the potatoes the next morning after tiring himself out with the peeling process . unable to fight , hussain finds even the most basic tasks in life difficult and even admitted it even took him an astonishing 50 minutes to peel just 10 minuscule potatoes . the fighter recently claimed he had been a terror camp trainer whilst he was with jabhat al-nusra . he also posted a picture of a gym which he appears to have briefly visited . the calamitous jihadi initially joined the al qaeda affiliated group jabhat al-nusra , before switching to the more popular isis after just four months . surprisingly , the fighter recently claimed he had been a terror camp trainer whilst he was with jabhat al-nusra . he wrote : ' initially i was with jabhat an-nusrah , so all my training was done with them , and due to my physique at the time , i was appointed to stay in the training camp and train the new set of brothers . ' whilst it is difficult to verify hussain 's claims , it is possible that he was involved in the training of other fighters . last august , hussain appeared on bbc2 's newsnight , saying : ' i hate the uk , the only reason why i would intend to return to the uk is when i want to come and plant a bomb somewhere . '  