england centre manu tuilagi is taking his rehabilitation ' week by week ' as the powerhouse midfielder continues his recovery from a troublesome groin injury that has sidelined him for most of the season . tuilagi has been out of action since october and missed the autumn internationals as well as england 's entire rbs 6 nations campaign - but the 23-year-old is targeting a return to action in the summer in time for his country 's pre-world cup preparations . ' the injuries coming along well , ' tuilagi told kicca.com . manu tuilagi has not featured for england since the three-test summer tour of new zealand in 2014 . ' i 'm doing this training at st georges park . training in the altitude chamber trying to speed up my fitness . i 'm taking it week by week - i have n't got a set date for a goal that i need to be fit and a time that i need to be fit in time for . ' tuilagi 's last appearance in an england shirt was during the three-test summer tour of new zealand in 2014 . the tigers three-quarter impressed throughout the series and looked set to have a stellar season in 2015 before he picked up the injury playing against ulster in october . leicester tigers centre tuilagi has been out of action since his picked up a groin injury in october . tuilagi has struggled with the injury all season with richard cockerill , tigers ' director of rugby , recently confirming that the england star was highly unlikely to play any rugby this campaign . ' i thought i was out for eight weeks originally , ' tuilagi explained . ' and then i had a scan again later on and they said `` it 's very bad '' - i split my pubus and ... it 's been tough since then . it 's been very frustrating watching your team-mates ( from the sideline ) . you ca n't do anything about it - all you have to do is your rehab and recovery . ' tuilagi 's absence has allowed other players to stake their claim in england 's midfield with bath 's jonathan joseph filing the number 13 with aplomb during the championship . ' jj had a brilliant six nations and is a fantastic player . there 's a lot of competition in the team but it 's always been that way . your spot in the team is never set ; if you do n't perform well , you 'll lose your spot and that 's just the way it is . ' bath centre jonathan joseph flourished at outside centre for england in the rbs 6 nations . england will begin their preparations for the world cup with a two-week training camp at pennyhill park in early july . the squad will then embark on a trip to colorado in texas for a fortnight of high-intensity training at high-altitude before returning for three warm-up games against france ( twice ) and ireland prior to the tournament - and tuilagi is hoping to be back in the mix for selection by then . ' when you get injured , that 's when you realise how much you love the game , ' tuilagi added . ' sometimes you forget that when you 're playing a lot . i just ca n't wait to get back . '