a father-of-two who chopped off his hand with an electric angle cutter is back at work just weeks after surgeons reattached it . gary lincoln , 48 , from port talbot in wales , was working in a house in cardiff when his jacket sleeve got caught in the blade and his hand was severed at the wrist , leaving it held on by only flesh and skin . he put in in his sleeve ' to hold everything together ' and was taken to hospital where surgeons operated on him for more than seven hours earlier this month . back at work : gary lincoln is carrying out light duties at his workshop just weeks after he severed his hand . mr lincoln , who runs a furniture upcycling company a interior design firm , said : ' i did n't feel any pain at all . ' it was like hundreds and thousands of tiny electric shocks that did n't hurt , like very intense pins and needles . ' there was a lot of blood . i got my hand free and put it in my sleeve to hold everything together . ' the accident happened when he was on his own using an angle cutter , which was fitted with a safety guard . neighbours called for an ambulance to take him to the welsh centre for burns and plastic surgery at swansea 's morriston hospital . ' when it happened my main worry was stopping the bleeding but i was also thinking `` that 's it . i 've just ruined my life '' , ' gary said . ' i 'm right-handed but need both hands to do my work . i have a wife and two children . my life would have been devastated . ' orthopaedic surgeon aso mohammed re-attached the fractured bones using a plate and screws . gary lincoln ( centre ) with consultant plastic , reconstructive and hand surgeon ian josty ( left ) and orthopaedic surgeon aso mohammed ( right ) . neighbours called for an ambulance to take him to the welsh centre for burns and plastic surgery at swansea 's morriston hospital . then plastic surgeons , led by consultant plastic , reconstructive and hand surgeon ian josty , repaired the tendons and performed microsurgical reconstruction to the severed nerves and major blood vessels . waking up in hospital the next day and being able to move his fingers was , mr lincoln said , nothing short of a miracle . he added : ' i can move all my fingers , which is absolutely amazing . i can not believe it . ' i did n't think i would have my hand working again properly . i thought my life was ruined . ' my hands are my work , so i thought i had lost everything . ' mr lincoln was home a week later and is already carrying out some light duties in his workshop .