holocaust survivors have gathered at the site of the former bergen-belsen concentration camp to commemorate the anniversary of its liberation . more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died at the nazi camp including diarist anne frank and her older sister margot . british soldiers liberated the camp on april 15 , 1945 . today , seventy years on , hundreds of people sobbed as they laid flowers and flags as memorials . scroll down for video . survivor marie vaislic from france sits on a mass grave reading '1000 dead rest here ' after the ceremony . it was held to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the bergen-belsen concentration camp in northern germany . officials also attended the ceremony including joachim gauck , the german president , who said the british soldiers were ' ambassadors of a democratic culture who were not looking for revenge ' . he added : ' we commit ourselves to the obligation of never denying these crimes and of preserving the memories of the victims . ' ronald lauder , president of the world jewish congress , also attended the memorial . he told an audience : ' right now , we stand on one of the largest jewish cemeteries in the world . but there are no gravestones , there are no markers . an elderly woman covers her mouth in disbelief as she looks at the mourning wall at the former concentration camp , where more than 72,000 camp inmates and prisoners of war died . red and white roses , yellow tulips and stones lay on and in front of the gravestone of diarist anne frank and her older sister margot . women and men mourn as wreaths of blue , white , red and yellow flowers are laid on the memorial . british soldiers took over the camp on april 15 , 1945 . joachim gauck , the german president pictured ( above ) during the ceremony , said the british soldiers who liberated the camp were ' ambassadors of a democratic culture ' . ' the victims buried here lost not just their lives ; the nazis took their identities as well . ' lauder also warned that anti-semitism is on the rise again in europe , 70 years after the end of the holocaust . ' today , 70 years after this camp was liberated , we hear the same anti-semitic lies . ' today , a jewish boy wearing a yarmulke can not walk down the street in paris or london or copenhagen without fearing for his life . ' anne frank 's diary recounts how her family went into hiding from the nazis in the netherlands during the second world war . it became a bestseller when it was published at the end of the war . the book documents how anne , her sister margot and her family went into hiding in a canal house . they were eventually betrayed and sent to bergen-belsen , where she and her sister died . after the war the dutch government set the official date of anne 's death as march 31 , based on survivors accounts stating that the girls died sometime in march . but some accounts suggest that she might have died in the middle of february - just two months before british soldiers liberated the camp . it is likely she caught typhus , which was rife in the overcrowded camp . her sister margot also passed away and experts think she too had the disease . their grave , which reads margot frank 1926 - 1945 and anne frank 1929 - 1945 , is a poignant memorial that still stands where the nazi camp used to be . red and white roses , yellow tulips and stones were laid carefully around the grave earlier today . anne frank , pictured with her sister margot , before they were moved to the bergen-belsen concentration camp in world war two . survivor maria gniatczyk , mr gauck and the duke of gloucester ( left to right ) listen to a survivor 's speech during the ceremony . a man in a wheelchair arrives with a wreath as others sheltering from the drizzle under umbrellas walk to the memorial . members of the british army , dressed in full uniform , attend the ceremony and listen to one of the speeches with their arms folded behind them . some of the survivors brought small , colourful bunches of flowers and laid them on plaques on the ground alongside other tributes . ronald lauder , president of the world jewish congress , also attended the memorial and gave a speech where he said 70 years on ' we hear the same anti-semitic lies ' . prince richard , duke of gloucester ( right ) , walks behind two girls dressed in black and carrying a huge bunch of white flowers . british soldiers freed around 60,000 prisoners but discovered tens of thousands of bodies of people who had died from extreme overcrowding , disease and starvation . typhus , which miss frank is thought to have died from , was particularly rife . ceremonies have been held across germany and poland throughout the spring marking the advance of allied troops as nazi germany neared defeat . they are even more poignant this year because of the dwindling number of survivors and witnesses to the holocaust , the murder of six million jews by the regime of adolf hitler . ceremonies were also taking place today at the former flossenbürg camp in southern germany , where around 30,000 people died between 1938 and 1945 . meanwhile , french president francois hollande visited the former natzweiler-struthof concentration camp during a service to mark the french national deportation day in natzweiler , eastern france . meanwhile , french president francois hollande ( centre ) visited the former natzweiler-struthof concentration camp during a service to mark the french national deportation day in natzweiler , eastern france . french junior minister for european affairs harlem desir ( left ) , european council president donald tusk ( second left ) , mr hollande ( centre ) and latvian prime minister laimdota straujuma ( fourth from right ) visit the world war two site . thee survivors of the former nazi camp - adorned with medals and wearing blue , white and red - listen to the ceremony . martin schulz ( left ) , european parliament president , and mr hollande ( right ) stand in the gas chamber at the former concentration camp .