exactly 19 years ago on wednesday , kathy bush made national headlines when she was arrested and accused of deliberately making her 9-year-old daughter ill for attention . all grown up , kathy 's now 27-year-old daughter jennifer spoke out for the first time on the anniversary , saying she has repaired her relationship with her mother and believes she was never abused . ' jennifer made it very clear : she thinks her mother never abused her , ' fort lauderdale lawyer robert buschel , who defended kathy in her criminal trial and released jennifer 's statement on wednesday , told the sun sentinel . scroll down for video . ripped apart : in 1996 , at the age of 9 , jennifer bush was taken from her family after her mother kathy ( right ) was accused of making her ill on purpose . jennifer spent the first years of her life in and out of hospitals , as doctors struggled to find a solution to her near chronic illness that caused digestive issues and seizures . chronically ill : in the first years of her life , jennifer was in and out of the hospital as she battled chronic illness . a health care worker later reported kathy bush to authorities , suspecting the woman of purposefully poisoning her daughter with extra doses of medicine . faced with mounting medical bills , kathy started lobbying for health care reform and would often speak publicly and with publications about her family 's battle to take care of jennifer . kathy even visited the clinton white house to raise awareness of the issue . then , in 1995 , a health care worker reported to police suspicions that kathy may have been intentionally making jennifer sick by giving her extra doses of medicine . police and child welfare authorities launched an investigation , and after a year amounted enough evidence to arrest kathy on child abuse charges . kathy 's lawyer blames the investigation on menchausen syndrome by proxy - a syndrome that had grown in notoriety at the time of his client 's arrest . those with the syndrome enact pain on others in order to draw pity and attention to themselves . after the arrest , jennifer was taken from her family and put in foster care where she remained until she was 18 . after a long legal battle , a jury in 1999 found kathy guilty of aggravated child abuse and sentenced the mother of three to five years in prison . she served three years and was released in june 2005 . still the two were not allowed to see each other until jennifer left foster care , at which point she was an adult . against the odds , the two were able to repair their relationship and they now live close to each other in georgia . while jennifer declined to speak on camera about her life today , she issued a statement to news station wplg , revealing the fact that she is now married to her high school sweetheart and working as a social worker . ' [ nineteen ] years ago today , on april 15 , 199 [ 6 ] , my life was changed forever . that was the day that i was taken from my home and my family , but that day has not changed how close my family continues to be . ' the ten years i spent in foster care were traumatic , and i had some devastating things happen to me . ' however , i persevered because of all of the angels that were there for me during these difficult times . these people helped shaped the women i have become today . ' today , i can proudly say my family is extremely close knit . we have flourished despite the devastating separation ... .my parents and i have picked up from where we left off , and have a very close and loving relationship . ' when asked for comment , kathy bush issued her own one-sentence statement : ' we are very proud of jennifer and our sons , they have all grown up to be fine adults and dedicated their lives to serving others . ' [ nineteen ] years ago today , on april 15 , 199 [ 6 ] , my life was changed forever . that was the day that i was taken from my home and my family , but that day has not changed how close my family continues to be . the ten years i spent in foster care were traumatic , and i had some devastating things happen to me . however , i persevered because of all of the angels that were there for me during these difficult times . these people helped shaped the women i have become today . today , i can proudly say my family is extremely close knit . we have flourished despite the devastating separation . the bond i had with my brothers , prior to being removed from my family , is something that never changed . my relationship with them helped carry me through my years in foster care . my parents and i have picked up from where we left off , and have a very close and loving relationship . today , i am living my dream as a social worker , and changing the lives of the children , and families i am working with today . i am married to my high school sweetheart , who has walked along side me for the past ten years . i get a lot of joy making memories with my family , and making a difference in my community . although this isn’t always a happy anniversary , it is a day to celebrate my family and who we are today . my message to foster children : growing up in the foster care isn’t an easy task . actually , the odds are often against you to be succeed in life . i challenge you to rise up against those odds , and be the very best you can be with the circumstances you are facing . don’t be ashamed or embarrassed to get the extra help that is offered , you will be thankful that you did in the future . there were many times that it would have been easier to give up , but its persevering against the odds that makes it even more fulfilling . speak up for yourself , be your biggest advocate , and be proactive . at the end of the day we owe it to ourselves . don’t let your current circumstance shape your future , and never doubt yourself ! with respect , jennifer bush . 