steve bruce has promised his wife janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a barbados beach were publicised . the hull manager says he was ' disappointed ' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested . steve bruce was looking larger than life after being snapped holidaying in barbados with alan shearer . bruce has promised his wife janet he will slim down after seeing the unflattering snaps . bruce was baffled that anyone would be interested in pictures of a 55-year-old on a beach . ' i do n't think too many 55-year-olds look that good on a beach do they , ' he said , ' but i have promised my good lady i will go on a diet . ' so watch out - i 'm going to turn into the horriblest , most awkward b******d you have ever come across . ' i have had some letters saying it 's nice to see someone relaxing in their own skin - not many mind ! ' bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how premier league clubs should do more to bring through english talent . fa chairman greg dyke recently outlined new proposals , including increasing the number on homegrown players in a squad of 25 to 12 , in effort to improve the national team . and bruce agreed with dyke , before going on to question how his former club manchester united , along wide liverpool and manchester city , recruit players . bruce fells his former club manchester united should do more to produce young english players . he said : ' it is a great debate . we have the premier league which is a wonderful spectacle but we have to find a way to produce young players and we have one or two , but we would like a lot more . ' one thing that is staggering over the last 20 years is that we have invested millions in academies but are we producing enough players ? ' when you look back , where are they ? it is a hell of a debate . for me personally , we miss children playing football at school . ' if you are going to do a job properly , you have to look at the football club as a whole and see if we can produce a younger player . ' 