sipping a glass of glorious red wine which has been carefully aged in a hand-crafted oak barrel is my idea of heaven . but until now the only way to enjoy a tipple with that gorgeous authentic taste that can only develop through spending years in a special wooden cask has been to pay through the nose . the second i see the word ‘spicy’ on a bottle label ( which suggests an oaky flavouring ) , i instantly know the price will be much higher . a £5 bottle has suddenly become £12 because the wine has lingered in an oak barrel before bottling . so when i read this week about a new gadget that claims to be able to ‘ oak age’ wine in hours rather than years , my curiosity was seriously roused . the oak bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour — a process that can take up to two years — in just a day or two . who wouldn’t drink to that ? scroll down for video . tv wine expert oz clarke puts to the test this oak bottle that claims to ' oak age ' wine in hours rather than years . the product , which retails at £50 , is the brainchild of 30-year-old entrepreneur joel paglione . growing up on his parents’ vineyard in canada , joel became fascinated by the process of ageing wine . watching his dad painstakingly filling small barrels of wine for oaking , he wondered why the wine couldn’t be stored in the same huge vats that had been used to ferment it . when mr paglione snr explained that the smaller the oak barrel , the faster the oak infusion , joel got his eureka moment . how about a bottle made out of oak which will ‘ oak age’ a single bottle in a fraction of the time ? now , after three years of experimenting , joel has developed what he claims is the ‘ smallest possible oak infusion vessel ever made . ’ the idea is you decant a bottle of wine into the oak bottle , leave for up to 48 hours ( depending on the strength of the oak flavour you fancy ) and — hey presto ! — your supermarket bottle of plonk fresh from last year’s grape harvest should suddenly taste like a posh wine from a world-class vineyard that has had years to mature and develop oaky flavours . ageing a wine overnight is the holy grail of wine lovers . it’s like finding the elixir of eternal youth — in reverse . but can a simple gizmo really mimic such a time-honoured process ? can i turn a cheap plonk into a lovingly aged wine ? i’m eager to try . when it arrives , the oak bottle looks like a wooden version of the thermos flask i take on picnics . it’s plain and reassuringly sturdy . for my test i choose a bulgarian merlot ( simply merlot , tesco £4.20 ) . it’s an unpretentious , fruity wine , great for glugging , but it’s hardly stellar quality . however , as with the french wines such as bordeaux and burgundy , argentinian melbecs , australian shirazes and , of course , the spanish rioja , once you add oak to a merlot you are entering a whole new world — and price bracket . merlots benefit hugely from being oak aged . i’m itching to start my test . but first i have to fill the oak bottle with water . oak shrinks when dried out , so the instructions warn me the oak bottle is inclined to leak until it is sealed using lukewarm water to swell and close up any open wood grain . sure enough , water drips out over the next two hours — enough to saturate the kitchen towel i put underneath . eventually , the wood ready and the drips stop . now i can start . i pour out the water , decant my merlot , pop the stopper on and wait . joel suggests the whole process can take anything from 24 to 48 hours . that’s a drop in the ocean compared to the 12-to-18 month ageing process in a proper barrel . the celts weren’t wine drinkers but apparently were the first to use oak barrels to store and transport their beer and mead . the wine-loving romans leapt at the invention — they were sick of their ceramic jugs crashing and breaking on long sea voyages . the oak bottle promises to impart an authentic aged flavour . they quickly discovered the wooden barrels not only added flavours to the wine but , because wood is porous , also allowed air ( specifically , what we know as oxygen ) to permeate the contents slowly , removing harsh flavours . in fact , that’s the other reason we pay such a premium for barrel-aged wines — the oxygen changes the molecules in the wine , sweetens the acids , softens the bitter bits and lets the tannins ( or sediment ) drop to the bottom , giving it a gorgeous rich mellowness . great european winemakers have been using the same technique ever since . it’s still all done by hand . barrels , which hold up to 300 bottles of wine , can cost well over £1,000 , with the price determined by the quality of the oak that’s been used and the skill of the cooper making them . while the overwhelming aroma you get from oak is vanilla , if the wood is toasted a bit over a fire , you also get nutty flavours of hazelnuts and almonds . toast even longer and you add chocolatey flavours and , later , coffee and burnt toast . the skill of the winemaker is deciding just how much flavour he wants in his barrel . all these flavours infuse the wine . and it takes months . can the oak bottle — which apparently has a ‘ medium toast’ flavour — do the same in just one day ? and , just as important — can it turn a young fruity wine into a vintage quaff ? if it can , i’ll be the first to splash out £50 . the length of time you leave your wine in the oak bottle depends how oaky you like it — but it’s advisable to sample the contents regularly . therefore , 14 hours into the experiment , i decide to see how the magic is working . pulling out the stopper , sadly , has none of the heady satisfaction of uncorking a bottle . but i’m prepared to overlook the disappointment if the taste is right . as i take my first sniff , i immediately get a delicious aroma of vanilla . my spirits rise , but after the first sip they crash . it’s wine — with a hint of furniture polish . even though the wine has been in the oak bottle for less than 24 hours , the taste of wood is overpowering . all the natural freshness of the fruity young merlot has disappeared . i feel like i’m licking a plank of wood . oz clarke said the oak bottle is a fun product that would certainly make an interesting gift for a wine buff . in a traditionally oak-aged wine , the woody flavours would integrate over many months to give a rich , mellow taste . but this has been forced . this might be remedied by leaving the wine in the bottle for less time . in fact , the oak bottle’s developers say you can taste the wine every hour until you reach a level of oakiness appropriate for that particular bottle . i also think the oak bottle might actually improve the more times you use it . with each use , i imagine the strong oak flavour will fade . this is because alcohol , which is solvent , dissolves the flavours from inside the bottle . the oak bottle is the result of three years of experiments . for example , in winemaking a producer might empty his oak barrel after 18 months . at this point some 80 per cent of the flavours created by the barrel will have disappeared . reuse the barrel , and there should be only 20 per cent of the oak-lined flavour left . by the third time you use the barrel , you might only have 5 per cent of the original flavour . i suspect it will be the same with the oak bottle , so those overpowering notes of beeswax furniture polish would mellow . the oak bottle is a fun product , and would certainly make an interesting gift for a wine buff . but there is another trick you can use to improve wine . simply open your bottle of wine , pour half a glass , screw the top back on ( or put in a stopper ) and give the bottle a good shake . this forces oxygen into the wine , loosening the flavours and making it more drinkable . leave for five minutes before you enjoy . perfect — and it won’t cost you a penny . 