an isolated edge of vast west texas is home to a highly secretive part of the 21st-century space race , one of two being directed in the lone star state by internet billionaires whose personalities and corporate strategies seem worlds apart . the presence of blue origin , llc , the brainchild of amazon founder jeff bezos , barely registers in nearby van horn , a way station along interstate 10 , a full decade after he began buying land in one of texas ' largest and most remote counties . few visitors are allowed beyond the ' no trespassing ' sign and a remote-controlled gate and into the desert and mountain environment reminiscent of the air force 's renowned area 51 in nevada . the privileged who do get inside decline to describe what they 've seen , typically citing confidentiality agreements . billionaires : amazon ceo jeff bezos ( left ) and spacex elon musk ( right ) have seemingly unlimited resources — bezos ' wealth is estimated at nearly $ 35 billion , musk 's at $ 12 billion . mysterious : the presence of blue origin , llc , the brainchild of amazon founder jeff bezos , barely registers in van horn , texas , a way station along interstate 10 . facility : a spacex rocket is seen in cape canaveral , florida , in this february 2015 file image . spacex is frequently in the headlines thanks to its nearly $ 2 billion federal contract , and its attempts to reuse booster rockets have been rocky . ' no one gets in other than employees , ' says robert morales , editor of the weekly van horn advocate newspaper . at the opposite end — of texas and the competition — is the highly visible spacex venture , led by paypal co-founder and electric car maker elon musk . his company contracts with nasa to resupply the international space station and is building a launch site about 600 miles from van horn , on the southernmost texas gulf coast , with the much-publicized goal of sending humans to mars . spacex and blue origin are among several u.s. companies engaged in the private space business . both men have seemingly unlimited resources — bezos ' wealth is estimated at nearly $ 35 billion , musk 's at $ 12 billion — and lofty aspirations : launching a new era of commercial space operations , in part by cutting costs through reusable rockets . texas ' glory days of space exploration , when ' right stuff ' mercury astronauts trained in houston and the city 's name was the first word spoken on the moon by neil armstrong , are long gone . the utilitarian space shuttle fell to budget cuts , depletion and age , leaving astronauts to hitch rides on russian rockets . any success by the newcomers would offer ' significant potential for re-invigorating space research and development in the state , ' said john junkins , director of the center for mechanics and control at texas a & m 's department of aerospace engineering . earlier this month , bezos announced his company 's new hydrogen rocket engine , designed for suborbital missions , had completed hundreds of tests at the west texas site , adding , ' soon we 'll put it to the ultimate test of flight . ' that could come late this year . a more powerful engine for orbital flights , fueled by liquid oxygen and liquid natural gas , is being developed with united launch alliance , a venture of aerospace veterans boeing co. and lockheed martin corp . blue origin officials declined requests for an interview and site visit . ' i 'm so sorry , ' spokeswoman brooke crawford said . ' it 's just the way it is . ' secretive : the privileged who do get inside blue origin decline to describe what they 've seen , typically citing confidentiality agreements . quiet : blue origin 's presence in van horn , texas , is minimal . in a sept. 22 , 2014 file photo , u.s. rep. filemon vela , left , spacex founder and ceo elon musk , center , and texas gov . rick perry turn the first shovel-full of sand at the groundbreaking ceremony for the spacex launch pad at boca chica beach , texas . company : a spacex rocket is seen here at cape canaveral , florida , in april 2015 . bezos ' love of space originated in texas in the 1960s when his family moved to houston , which dubbed itself ' space city usa . ' ' for me , space is something that i have been in love with since i was 5 years old , ' bezos , 51 , said in a september interview with the washington post , which he purchased in 2013 . ' i watched neil armstrong step onto the surface of the moon , and i guess it imprinted me . ' over the last decade , he has bought at least seven ranches , totaling 1,900 square miles , near the texas-new mexico border and guadalupe mountains national park . ' it 's very secretive out there , ' said maricel gonzalez , chief appraiser for the culberson county appraisal district . she declined to describe it , citing a nondisclosure agreement . a ups driver who recently emerged from the compound also declined to talk . nuny morriss , a van horn city council member and fedex delivery driver , said the site includes a ' big warehouse-looking building and some offices ... but they do n't let us go around in the back . ' blue origin 's presence in van horn is minimal . morriss recalled word getting out a few years ago about a scheduled launch . traffic at the local airstrip suggested that vips were coming in , and local officials were eager to join them . ' no one in town got invited , ' morriss said . by contrast , spacex is frequently in the headlines thanks to its nearly $ 2 billion federal contract . attempts to reuse booster rockets have been rocky ; it 's failed three times to land them on a platform off the florida coast . spacex already has a rocket plant near waco . with more than $ 15 million in state incentives , it 's also building a launch site at boca chica beach , near brownsville . musk hopes for at least 12 rocket launches a year , starting late next year . ' the long-term goal is to create technology necessary to take humanity beyond earth , ' said the 43-year-old south africa native . david kanipe , a former nasa division chief now teaching at texas a & m , says musk and bezos were cool to his offers of assistance . ' a lot of time these companies , maybe for good reason , they do n't really want to use or benefit from the lessons learned from what nasa did for 40 years , 50 years , ' kanipe said . ' i pleaded with them : `` let us help , use our experience . '' but they have other ideas . ' all of the private space businesses have had setbacks , such as richard branson 's virgin galactic , which lost a spacecraft and a pilot in october over california 's mojave desert . ' there 's just a million ways it can go wrong , ' kanipe said . ' i think it 's doable , but it 's just going to take a while . '