eleven football fans have had their death sentences upheld after a retrial over a stadium riot in egypt which left 74 people dead . the riot erupted in february 2012 when supporters of home team al-masry - from the canal city of port said - and cairo 's al-ahly clashed after an egyptian league match between the two clubs . an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court 's verdict , which sentenced 21 people to death . scroll down for video . eleven football fans have had their death sentences upheld after a retrial over a stadium riot ( pictured ) in egypt which left 74 people dead . the riot ( pictured ) erupted in february 2012 when supporters of home team al-masry - from the canal city of port said - and cairo 's al-ahly clashed after an egyptian league match . the clashes in the port said stadium ( pictured ) sparked days of violent protests in cairo , which led to another 16 deaths . eleven of the fans were again sentenced to death today , with their verdicts referred to egypt 's supreme court , the grand mufti . the court will make a final decision on their fates , as well as those of the other defendants , on may 30 . the 73 defendants include nine police officers and three officials from al-masry club , while the rest were fans of the team . two of those sentenced to death are on the run . none of the families of the victims or of the defendants attended today 's court session , which was held in cairo for security reasons . the clashes in the port said stadium sparked days of violent protests in cairo , in which another 16 people were killed in fighting with security forces . the football riots ( pictured ) were the deadliest ever seen in egypt , where football fans regularly clash with rival supporters and security forces . an appeals court ordered the retrial of 73 defendants last year after rejecting a lower court 's verdict , which sentenced 21 people to death over the riots ( pictured ) . egyptian policemen stand guard as families place portraits of those who died during a football match between egyptian teams al-ahly and al-masri in 2012 . a year later , dozens of people also died in the canal city during riots which started after the lower court handed down the 21 original death sentences . the football riots were the deadliest ever seen in egypt , where football fans regularly clash with rival supporters and security forces . the authorities reacted by imposing a ban on fans attending matches and held games behind closed doors . this year at least 22 people died in a stampede after police fired tear gas at fans trying to force their way into a stadium in cairo , leading the authorities to suspend the egyptian league . television footage showed crowds of supporters squeezed inside a narrow metal enclosure , jostling to enter the stadium when the stampede began as police fired tear gas . the police blame the unrest on islamists . sixteen suspects accused of clashing with police on that day have been arrested and will face trial . egypt 's hardcore football fans , known as the ' ultras ' , often clash with police and were at the forefront of protests against former president hosni mubarak , who was overthrown in 2011 .