liam phillips knows he must expand his repertoire to aid his bid for olympic glory . the 26-year-old from burnham-on-sea won the 2013 bmx world title and was the world cup series champion in 2014 . phillips , who races in the manchester world cup event this weekend , plans to use 2015 to experiment with tactics in a bid to arrive at the start gate in rio full of confidence . liam phillips in action during the 2012 olympics , and the 26-year-old is hoping for glory in rio . ' there are certain areas i need to improve to get on the gate in rio and know that i 've done everything i can to be as good , if not better , than my competitors in every single area , ' phillips said . ' the sport is continuing to improve and i need to continue to improve . ' there 's challenges this season that i would love to accomplish , which do n't necessarily mean going to a race and winning . ' last year in argentina i was in second and almost passed the reigning olympic champion ( latvia 's maris strombergs ) for the win . ' that 's something i feel i 'd like a little bit more exposure to - not being out in front and having to try to pass some of the best guys to come back and win . that would add to my box of tricks come the olympics . ' phillips would dearly love to reclaim the world title he won in auckland two years ago at this year 's world championships in belgium in july . 2013 world champion phillips hopes to use this year to hone his tactics ahead of the 2016 olympics . the somerset ace was the taken out by an ill-thought manoeuvre by france 's damien godet in rotterdam last year , ending his stint in the rainbow jersey . phillips knows his performances in recent seasons mean he is a key rival others will do anything to beat . ' i do have a target on me , because i have performed at a high level over the last few years and i have been world champion , ' he added . ' last year 's world championships was so frustrating because i sacrificed doing a few races before then because i wanted to chuck everything at retaining that title . ' i was absolutely flying and i know that given the opportunity to continue racing i would certainly have been more than capable of retaining that , but that 's bmx . ' it 's just the nature of it . i do n't like to dwell on that . i want to push forward now . ' phillips won the manchester world cup event in 2014 and knows he will be expected to perform once again on his home track in saturday 's time-trials and sunday 's super cross , where eight riders race at the same time . phillips failed to defend his title last year , but is determined to take it back this july in belgium . he added : ' i look back at the world cup last year and i 've never experienced pressure like that . being reigning world champion , everybody expects you to win . ' there 's 150 guys in the race , but everybody is looking at this as my race . it 's something i seem to be able to manage and thrive on in some respects . ' phillips leads a five-rider british team , which also features 2014 world championships bronze medallist tre whyte , kyle evans and quillan isidore . charlotte green is the only female representative , although three-time bmx world champion shanaze reade is back in the british cycling set-up , training with the track team . 