fran kirby staked an impressive claim for a world cup starting role with england women as she created the first goal and scored a brilliant second in a 2-1 win over china . england began in thrilling style , with kirby fashioning the opener for strike partner jodie taylor after just a minute of play . reading striker kirby then fired home the second goal of her short international career - this was her eighth cap - to put the home side in apparently full control at manchester city 's academy stadium . jodie taylor celebrates following her opening minute strike against china in manchester . but as 5,665 watched on , england struggled to build on their early assault on the china goal . wang shanshan cut china 's arrears after shaky defending , and might have had an equaliser in the second half but mis-kicked as england feared the worst . kirby , a 21-year-old playing in the second division of the women 's super league , was impressive throughout , a nimble-footed presence who china struggled to deal with . she was player of the match when england played the united states in february , and was again arguably a class apart , although this time midfielder jill scott took the champagne . fran kirby ( left ) is congratulated by her england team-mates after she netted the second goal for his side . china were caught cold when kirby dribbled the ball down the left and curved a tremendous ball with the outside of her right boot to taylor , who fired past zhang yue for the early opener . the architect turned predator to put the hosts 2-0 in front in the 10th minute , meeting a right-wing cross from jordan nobbs with a clever touch on her chest that took out her marker before smashing home from 10 yards . just two minutes later the lively reading striker , with 10 goals in her last three club matches , forced zhang to push away a 20-yard drive . jade moore hit the left post after a hopeless kick out from zhang , and england were rampant . kirby was in imperious form during the first half as she created the first goal and scored the second . that changed once china cut the deficit after 16 minutes , with hesitant defending at a corner allowing wang to head past siobhan chamberlain from close range . chamberlain had to save well to turn away a free-kick from li dongna before the break , with defensive insecurities becoming a worrying feature of england 's game . this was england 's last home game before mark sampson 's squad head to canada in may , ahead of a world cup campaign that begins against france in moncton on june 9 . england made their first change after 61 minutes as toni duggan , on her home ground , replaced jade moore . shanshan wang races away to celebrate after she pulled a goal back for china in the 16th minute . kirby almost created a third goal but her cutback after a run down the left went just astray of white shirts . alex greenwood prodded a corner just over the china bar , and duggan headed at zhang , as chances began to arrive more frequently for england . kirby departed , with the experienced eni aluko taking her place , wang missed her sitter , and england clung on , the world 's sixth-ranked team fending off a side rated 16th globally by fifa . ellen white , introduced in stoppage time , won her 50th cap . 