the bbc has been accused of launching a left-wing stitch-up on david cameron after the conservative party leader was repeatedly interrupted while trying to answer questions on radio 1 . host chris smith was also accused of being hostile towards the prime minister , at one point offering to bet £1,000 that he would not win a majority . listeners commenting on twitter accused the programme of ‘ leftist hostility’ and branded the interview ‘appalling’ . scroll down for video . the bbc has been accused of left-wing bias after david cameron received a hostile reaction while being interviewed on radio 1 , including from host chris smith ( right ) who bet £1,000 he would n't win a majority . the prime minister was consistently interrupted while trying to answer questions on the live lounge programme , with some twitter users branding it ' disgusting ' . at one point , the prime minister was asked to rule out a deal with northern ireland’s dup because of its policies towards lesbian and gay people . mr cameron said he did not want a coalition with anybody and insisted he could win a majority – prompting mr smith to insist be forced into coalition . clearly irritated , the prime minister replied : ‘ you seem to know the outcome of the election . how do you know . have you got some god-given right to declare what the result of the election is ? ’ mr smith then said : ‘ i bet you a thousand pounds you don’t win a majority . ’ the pm insisted : ‘i’m not going to start taking bets but there is every opportunity in the next 15 days for there to be a majority government . ’ people used social media to complain about the programme , broadcast this evening , during which many felt like david cameron got a hostile reaction . users of social media criticised the presenter as ‘childish’ and ‘arrogant’ . ‘ who is this guy ? simply shouldn’t be allowed to present , ’ wrote one . twitter user calvin robinson said : ' wow , that bbc radio 1 interview of david cameron is disgusting . talk about a biased and hostile interviewer , utter contempt from chris smith . ' meanwhile adam ewies added : ' cameron ambushed by lefty presenter and audience on radio 1 tonight , as was farage with evans . lefty bbc has no credibility . ' mr cameron also clashed with an audience member who accused him of adopting a policy of ‘ let them drown’ over migrants trying to cross the mediterranean . while some complained about the audience and their apparent reluctance to listen to the prime minister , others turned their ire on host chris smith .