a former footballer who fronted a £30million investment scheme and lived a millionaire 's lifestyle is now ' surviving on handouts ' , a court has heard . michael mcindoe , who played for bristol city and wolverhampton wanderers , lured fellow footballers into the scheme with promises of a huge 20 per cent return . but the scheme collapsed amid mounting debts and the tricky winger was declared bankrupt in october last year with more than £2million debts . the footballer - who was known as ' mr big ' in marbella , where he partied with glamorous girls , is now being chased through the courts by creditors . mcindoe , circled smoking on a cigar , lived a millionaire 's lifestyle but is now surviving on handouts . the former winger revelled in the glamorous lifestyle after persuading fellow players to sign up to the scheme . mcindoe celebrates scoring against arsenal in december 2005 - it has now been revealed he has no income . scots-born mcindoe dated a string of glamour models , including helena fletcher and emma frain ( pictured ) . the 35-year-old told a hearing in london he was now surviving on the generosity of ' good friends and family ' . he said : ' since the bankruptcy , my girlfriend gave me some cash in july and i believe the trustee 's solicitors are pressing for that money to be paid back . ' i have received some money from friends , around £9,000 , and some money from natwest for overcharging me on an account . ' but i have no income . ' he added how he was not claiming jobseekers ' allowance and said his legal representatives were working without fee . questioned by barrister mr andrew carruth , on behalf of the trustees of his bankrupt estate , he said he had not bet for two years and that reports of his previous gambling accounts topping £1 million were ' vastly over rated ' . he said £1.5 million owed to one creditor had been invested into ' stamp ' , the private members london nightclub he launched in 2011 , but was later closed . mcindoe also denied selling a property in edinburgh at a cheap rate as part of a panic selling reaction to his financial meltdown . mcindoe and his friends at the ocean club in marbella where ' beds ' can cost up to 7,950 euros ( £5,790 ) a footballer taken in by the scheme alleges mcindoe had spent £40,000 on champagne in one day . the former winger played for bristol city in the championship final in 2008 - the ' cider army ' lost to hull city . it was revealed in january this year that up to 300 players signed up to the scheme that may be the biggest swindle ever to hit the british game . the scheme sucked in players including former tottenham hotspur forward robbie keane and ex-fulham midfielder jimmy bullard , who is thought to have lost around £600,000 which led him to go on the itv reality show , i 'm a celebrity get me out of here . mcindoe was made bankrupt in october last year with disclosed debts of £2.4m . furious creditors are demanding answers to where there money has gone but mcindoe - who now lives with his mother in edinburgh - said he had no property and his only bank account had been frozen . mcindoe used the promise of 20 per cent returns on people 's money to fund his champagne lifestyle . mcindoe started out at luton town , making his debut in 1998 and playing for the hatters 39 times before joining hereford on a free in 2000 . yeovil then snapped him up for £25,000 the following year . he scored 22 goals in 91 outings for the glovers , winning promotion from the conference in 2003 before joining doncaster for £50,000 . mcindoe twice made the pfa team of the year with rovers and was his side 's joint-top scorer in 2004-05 with 12 goals . he twice represented the scotland b side during his time at rovers . after a loan spell at derby he joined barnsley then wolves , on loan again , before the deal was made permanent for £250,000 . he signed a three-year contract with bristol city in 2007 and scored the winner against crystal palace in the second leg of the 2008 championship play-off semi-final . they lost out to hull at wembley and mcindoe had one more season at ashton gate before joining coventry . he also had a brief loan stint at mk dons . at the height of his scheme , mcindoe revelled in a playboy 's lifestyle , partying in marbella with a limitless credit card and wads of cash . he hired huge villas in marbella , where he drove a fleet of expensive cars such as a bentley and a maybach and hired celebrities , such as the x factor winner alexandra burke to perform at lavish parties . scots-born mcindoe also dated a string of glamour models , including helena fletcher and emma frain . ' he was the mr big in marbella , buying loads of champagne and girls all over the place . he even had a bodyguard , ' said one footballer , who lost around £75,000 in the scheme . he ran lavish parties at clubs including funky buddha in london and ploughed money into private members ' club stamp on oxford street . the 35-year-old is also claimed to have rented a £4,000-a-week suite in london 's five-star mayfair hotel . he also had in an apartment in eaton square , one of the uk 's poshest addresses in the exclusive belgravia district of the capital . but last year , the funds dried up and he was investigated . mcindoe told the court he had co-operated with the official receiver and had handed over documents ahead of a meeting with trustees next week . the bankruptcy hearing was adjourned till june 17 .