two best mates from rural victoria have vowed to keep aussie lingo alive by making memorabilia that encapsulates the fading vernacular . jeff mccubbery , 72 , from mandurang and ian bullock , 65 , from blackburn devised the plan for captain cootie cards over twenty years ago in a bid to counter the influx of lingo from overseas . the pair now has a quirky range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby-holders and calendars – but their hopes of spreading the message were dashed after they were spurned by the companies they pitched their products to . an illustration from best mates ian bullock and jeff mccubberry , who have vowed to keep aussie slang alive through a range a range of custom memorabilia . mccubberry told daily mail australia they designed the idea after meeting on a fishing trip 25 years ago . ' we met at an annual fishing trip , and quickly learned we shared the belief that the language we grew up with was waning . ' ' people are dorks not drongos , guys not blokes . we decided to do something to keep the vocabulary afloat , ' mccubbery said . ' we decided to consolidate the australianisms we knew and loved from our upbringings-instead of the americanisms which have , ' said ian bullock . with ian bullock ( left ) as illustrator and and jeff mccubbery ( right ) as designer , the duo have devised a range of greeting cards , coffee mugs , stubby-holders and calendars emblazoned with down under lingo . one illustration depicts weather forecast map with the various australian climatological zones – the northern territory is ' bloody muggy ' , alice springs is ' dry as a dead dingo 's donger ' , and victoria is ' cold as a witch 's tit ' . another card shows a fisherman sleeping next to a lake with beer can in hand and the accompanying message : ' flat out like a lizard drinking . ' mccubberry believes the rise of television and the internet has let a torrent of lingo loose from britain and america that has eclipsed the home grown counterpart . mccubberry said when the pair met on a fishing trip 20 years ago ' we quickly learned we shared the belief that the language we grew up with was waning ' . the best mates use lingo from their upbringing which they say has disappeared , such as the term : ' i do n't give a rats a** ' with mccubberry as designer and bullock as illustrator , the mates got to work on a range of products that embody down under speech from a bygone time . but much to their dismay the pair got a rude shock when time came to pitch the product a manufacturers . ' nobodies interested , said mccubbery . ' they say it 's too crude or uncouth . it does n't make sense because colourful language is a pivotal part of aussie culture . ' the duo plan to launch a digital campaign in hopes of finding a distributor to get their products on the market . bullock said they had a deal with a major distributor that fell through before another wholesaler offered them a rather insulting rate to print the cards . ' it was pretty insulting really . it 's been a real knock back but we 're determined to stick at it . ' the mates plan to launch a website and social media campaign in hopes of finding a distributor to get their products on the market . ' it 's just a matter of getting my head around the online thing . we 're sticking at it for sure , ' said mccubbery . 