ed miliband has dismissed claims he would be held to ransom by the snp as prime minister – insisting ' that ai n't going to happen ' . the labour leader insisted snp mps would not be able to dictate policy , even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in number 10 . it comes after the scottish first minister nicola sturgeon this morning said labour could only govern with the support of the snp – and laid out what the party must do to get it . scroll down for video . the labour leader - interviewed by the bbc 's evan davis - insisted snp mps would not be able to dictate policy , even if he fails to win a majority and is reliant on them to stay in number 10 . unveiling the party 's manifesto in edinburgh , ms sturgeon demanded an end to government cuts , higher welfare spending and big hikes in the minimum wage in return for propping up a labour government . but speaking to the bbc tonight , mr miliband rejected claims the snp would be ' calling the shots ' if labour did not have a majority . the labour leader : ' that ai n't gon na happen . that ai n't gon na happen . ' ed miliband has dismissed claims he would be held to ransom by the snp as prime minister – insisting ' that ai n't going to happen ' . mr miliband 's remarks come after the scottish first minister nicola sturgeon this morning said labour could only govern with the support of the snp – and laid out what the party must do to get it . ed miliband refused to admit he had got it wrong over the past five years about jobs , crime and the effect of tuition fees . the labour leader confidently predicted that austerity would see unemployment soar , crime rise and the number of poor students going to university fall . but , in each case , the opposite has happened . mr miliband was challenged over mr balls’ comment four years ago that it was fantasy to think we’d get job growth with all the cuts being made in the public sector . in fact , presenter evan davis pointed out that the number of jobs has increased by around two million – ‘ about a thousand a day’ . after at first not answering the question , the labour leader was forced to accept : ‘ the number of jobs has gone up . ’ on crime , mr davis quoted shadow home secretary yvette cooper who said earlier this parliament that the cuts are ‘ risking public safety and the fight against crime’ . when asked what had happened to crime , mr miliband eventually replied : ‘ certain areas of crime have gone down ; certain areas of crime have gone up . ’ in fact , mr davies pointed out , the crime survey of england and wales showed it was at its lowest level since 1981 . the presenter then moved on to the hike in tuition fees , quoting chuka umunna saying in 2010 : ‘ how can these proposals do other than deter people from poor backgrounds from going to university ? ’ in fact , the number has increased by around a third , mr davis said . following repeated questioning , he admitted : ‘ there are some – there are some more people going to university from different backgrounds . ’ he said his party’s judgement had not been wrong on the issue , saying : ‘ no , it wasn’t . ’ but mr davis asked : ‘ on issues about jobs , crime , social mobility , comments , predictions made by people in your team turn out to have been wrong . these are important areas . ‘ these are not minor quibbles are they ? these are huge issues that have had a large part to play in the last five years . ’ the labour leader replied : ‘ i don’t think that’s a judgement that people are going to make at the election . ’ when asked whether the snp would be able to tell labour which measures it could introduce he replied : ' they 're not going to tell us , they 're not going to tell us . look , i 'm very clear about that . ' he refused to say whether the party with the largest number of seats should get first chance to form a government . it comes amid a flurry of polls suggesting that the tories will finish as the largest party , but fall short of having enough mps – even with lib dem support – to form a coalition government . this would leave the labour party in pole position to try to form a minority government with the support of the snp . mr miliband , speaking to the bbc 's evan davis tonight , refused to be drawn on the what he would do in the event of another hung parliament where no party has enough mps to form a majority on its own . he said : ' i 'm not going to get into post election speculation . ' he added : it 's for people in the house of commons to decide how they vote on measures put before the house of common and that will be the case after the election . ' in the interview mr miliband also took ' full responsibility ' for labour 's poor polling in scotland – with experts predicting that the party is on course to lose 40 mps north of the border . mr miliband also refused to say how much a labour-led government would be borrowing by the end of the next parliament . he said : ' the way you get credibility is not by picking out an arbitrary number today in six years ' time . ' but the labour leader insisted he did not agree with ms sturgeon who has called for increases in government spending and an end to cuts regardless of the deficit . it came after ms sturgeon released her ' ransom note ' of policies which she would demand in exchange for putting mr miliband in power . the snp and labour manifestos both commit to re-introducing the 50p top rate of tax , scrapping the bedroom tax and beefing up the energy regulator to drive down family bills . ms sturgeon also pledged to help labour reduce tuition fees by £3,000 to £6,000 a year – even though scotland has already scrapped student fees . however , at least one big stumbling block remains to a deal between the two parties – britain 's nuclear deterrent . ms sturgeon re-stated the snp 's opposition to renewing trident . the manifesto states : ' a vote for the snp is a vote to halt progress on trident renewal , delivering a saving of £100 billion over the next 35 years . ' however , labour have pledged not to make any deal over nuclear weapons and are committed to maintaining a ' minimum , credible , independent nuclear capability ' . the tories said the snp manifesto was mr sturgeon 's ' ransom note ' to labour and would result in higher government borrowing and tax increases in england . a spokesman pointed to the snp manifesto commitment to increase spending . unveiling the party 's manifesto in edinburgh , ms sturgeon demanded an end to government cuts , higher welfare spending and big hikes in the minimum wage in return for propping up a labour government . scottish first minister nicola sturgeon this morning said labour could only govern with the support of the snp – and laid out what the party must do to get it . the manifesto states : ' snp mps will demand an end to austerity . we oppose further spending cuts and propose modest spending increases - of 0.5 per cent above inflation - in each year of the next parliament . under our plan , the deficit will still reduce each year , but there will be at least an additional £140 billion across the uk . ' the tories said this meant £148 billion in extra government borrowing and insisted labour would have to bow down to the snp demands to stay in power . former scottish first minister alex salmond has insisted scotland can ' call the tune ' in the next parliament . in last week 's tv debate , ms sturgeon said : ' the polls will show that ed is n't strong enough to get rid of the tories on his own . ' what i say to ed is i want to replace the tories with something different and something better , something more progressive . ' 