an athletic boston-area high school senior collapsed and died in greece this week , becoming the third student in his school year to die within six months . jared quirk , 18 , was in athens with classmates from rockland , massachusetts , to see the ancient world - but fell to the ground while walking through the city with friends , for reasons which are not yet clear . quirk , who played basketball , baseball , and football at rockland high school , died a hospital in the greek capital after being taken there by ambulance , the boston globe reported . sudden death : jared quirk , right with his mother and brother , died on friday in athens , greece , while walking with friends . two others boys who attended rockland high school with him in rockland , massachusetts , also died in the past six months . it was the third day of the trip . authorities have yet to announce a cause of death for quirk , whose unexpected passing has plunged rockland high into mourning for a third time since october . quirk 's death follows that of joshua rose , a 17-year-old student at the school , who died suddenly on october 1 for reasons which were not explained in depth . a third contemporary , patrick sullivan , 17 , was killed in a three-car pileup on new year 's eve . other students on the european trip , which was also supposed to take in italy and last until april 24th , will come home early to grieve . others : joshua rose , left , died on october 1 from an unknown cause , while patrick sullivan , right , was killed in a new year 's eve car crash . both were 17 and attended rockland with quirk . school : pictured is rockland high school in rockland , massachusetts , where all three were students . according to the enterprise local newspaper , funeral workers and the state department are working with greek counterparts to transport quirk 's body back from athens . an uncle , who asked not to be named , described quirk as a ' good , sweet kid ' to the globe . according to a neighbor who spoke to the paper , quirk was considering going to boston college , where one of his brothers now studies . marina mccauley , seemingly a classmate , posted a tribute via twitter . she said : ' jared quirk was probably one of the funniest people in our school . i ca n't believe this . ' an online tribute page dedicated to quirk had amassed 20 entries by sunday night , mainly from family friends . one , signed linda ricciarelli , read : ' my heart is broken for you . my son ronnie adored jared . in time i hope your memories will make your heart smile for this wonderful young man that was taken too soon ! thoughts and prayers are with you . '