tuesday night against italy could be the most important england game michael carrick has ever played . the difference between the first and the second half was like night and day . when carrick came on , england started to play . having played in his position , and alongside him , it has been frustrating to see him unappreciated in this country . we have always had a major problem keeping the ball , but carrick keeps the game simple . that’s exactly what we need . roy hodgson’s team against italy looked like he had one eye on the future , but the only future england need to be focusing on is euro 2016 . if that means going with a 34-year-old michael carrick in the heart of midfield , so be it . tuesday night 's friendly clash with italy could prove to be michael carrick 's most important england game . england international carrick keeps the game simple but has been unappreciated in this country . carrick congratulates andros townsend following the tottenham wideman 's equaliser against italy in turin . wayne rooney . ‘ the best player on the pitch by a mile was michael carrick . he came on and dictated the game for us . ’ paul scholes ( last week ) . ‘ he is not a flash footballer . he doesn’t hit hollywood passes . he doesn’t score lots of goals . but i loved playing alongside him . ’ sir alex ferguson ( in december ) . ‘ i still think michael carrick is the best central midfield player in english football , i really do . i think he is the best english player in the game . ’ even though he’s 33 now , it’s still not too late to start building the midfield around him . if i were england manager , that’s just what i’d do . look at andrea pirlo — he is 36 next month and has blossomed in his later years . his passing tore england apart at the world cup and he is worshipped in italy . why can’t we love carrick in the same way ? the fact he has been ignored by england for so long is a sad indictment of where we have been going wrong for so many years . in this country we tend to focus a lot on what players can’t do rather than what they can . we love all-action players like steven gerrard and frank lampard but that’s why men like carrick can be left frustrated . it was not long ago that defensive midfielders had to snap into every tackle . at manchester united in particular , carrick has had to deal with ‘ keane syndrome’ — because he’s not roy keane . he’s not as mobile , he doesn’t grab games in the same way and he certainly doesn’t tackle like keane . but that is not his style . keane was an amazing player but there will never be another like him and the game has evolved . carrick and ryan mason ( left ) applaud the travelling england support following tuesday 's 1-1 draw with italy . fans love all-action players like former england midfield stars frank lampard ( left ) and steven gerrard . andrea pirlo , who turns 36 next month , tore england apart with his passing at last summer 's world cup . the best deep-lying midfielders of recent years have been passers , not pit bulls : pirlo , xabi alonso , xavi , sergio busquets . all of them are cultured players who look after the ball . and don’t be fooled by a powerhouse like nemanja matic — he can pick out any kind of pass with that left foot . these aren’t just defensive destroyers any more , these are the men starting the attacks . they may not have the best stats for goals or assists , but they are at the heart of it all . it’s the same with andres iniesta and luka modric — they keep things ticking over , as does carrick . he makes the passes that lead to the key pass . the midfield that started in turin was powerful and athletic , but sometimes you need a bit of guile . in a way , it was a good job the first half was so poor as it meant carrick could come on and really show what he can do . friendlies might be a good time to experiment but that first half in italy made for some uncomfortable viewing . phil jones has had a decent season at centre back but looked awkward in midfield and england’s passing was too slow and square . carrick changed that . all of a sudden there was a different tempo to the game . england were fluid and found more room to move against a tough opponent . when he gets possession , carrick quickly gets the ball out of his feet and tries to slide passes forward . he’s not the toughest of tacklers but he doesn’t need to be . he reads the game brilliantly and intercepts the ball so well that he doesn’t need to go charging after people . he has fantastic vision , which means his team-mates can get into dangerous positions . they know that if anyone can pick out a pass , it’s carrick . he is so comfortable on the ball and probably england’s most two-footed player since glenn hoddle . he’s not in hoddle’s class , but he is so well balanced with both feet . carrick takes on midfield rival roberto soriano during england 's 1-1 draw with italy at the juventus stadium . xavi and nemanja matic are two of the world 's best deep-lying midfielders and both have an eye for a pass . carrick 's introduction against italy changed the game , the tempo and saw england become more fluid . i’ve said it before but carrick has a nasty habit of passing to his own players . it might not look flash but he makes the game look easy . that’s why so many of his team-mates love playing alongside him . he might be a quiet personality but you can see the effect he has on those around him . united have been far better with him than without him this season and daley blind , who many thought would replace him , has been shunted out of position . that’s because carrick is a better player in that role . it’s also important to have experience in that position — i’ve never felt it’s one for a young player . hodgson has tried jack wilshere but carrick knows the role at club level . of course wilshere could play next to him , but at present carrick is the best man for the job . considering he won his first cap against mexico in 2001 , it’s amazing he has not featured more for england . he has not always taken his chances , but now is a golden opportunity to build our midfield around him . it’s still not too late to make sure england have a pass master in place for euro 2016 . carrick , who made his debut in 2001 ( right ) , could become england 's third-longest serving player at the euros .