motorists could be hit with a hike in fuel duty if labour gets into power , harriet harman has admitted . the deputy labour leader has refused to rule out above-inflation increases in taxes on fuel , alcohol , tobacco or air fares . asked if the party would raise the levy on petrol , she told lbc radio : ‘ we rule out increasing vat , the basic or the higher rate of tax , we will put up the top rate of tax , we will not put up the national insurance rates . motorists could be hit with a hike in fuel duty if labour gets into power , harriet harman has admitted . ‘ for all the other taxes that there are – you know , airport taxes , i can’t remember what they are called , airport passenger duties , or alcohol duties or tobacco or petrol – we will lay that out in the budget . ’ chancellor george osborne yesterday said the remarks showed labour would bring back the ‘ fuel duty escalator’ , which raised the levy by the level of inflation plus 1p per litre , scrapped by the coalition in 2011 . he said : ‘ now we know . ed miliband will put up taxes on hardworking people . it’s clear he is planning to bring back the last labour government’s “ fuel duty escalator” – the petrol tax that ratcheted up the cost of filling up your tank , all to pay for ever higher spending on welfare and waste . ‘ one by one , we are finding out the £3,028 of tax rises for working families ed miliband is planning . he must now come clean and set out what the others are . ’ miss harman was asked to rule out raising fuel duty by education secretary nicky morgan during a women leaders’ debate on lbc . chancellor george osborne yesterday said the remarks showed labour would bring back the ‘ fuel duty escalator’ , which raised the levy by the level of inflation plus 1p per litre , scrapped by the coalition in 2011 . mrs morgan said mr osborne’s freeze in fuel duty , which has been extended for four and a-half years , had saved the average motorist £680 and was one of the coalition government’s biggest achievements . fuel duty has been frozen for a fifth year in succession , allowing the chancellor to boast that motorists have had ‘£10 off a tank with the tories’ . mr osborne’s announcement in the budget last month means a 0.54p-per-litre duty rise planned for september 1 will not go ahead . and the freezing of duty over the five years of the coalition means the average driver spends £10 less per fill-up than if the controversial ‘fuel-price escalator’ had been implemented in full . between 2011 and 2016 , a typical motorist will have saved £675 , the treasury calculated . the planned fuel duty rise by the rpi rate of inflation on september 2015 would have increased the current duty rate by 0.54p per litre – from the current 57.95p to 58.49p . for an average family car fill-up of 55 litres , this would have increased the cost by 30p . the rac said the above-inflation fuel duty ‘escalator’ that operated between 1993 and 1999 ‘ is the primary reason that we now pay nearly 70 per cent in tax on every litre of fuel we buy at the pumps’ . 