a mother-of-four calls herself the ' real life vampire ' as she has a rare medical condition that makes her allergic to the sun . lorraine valentine suffers from the rare disease erythropoietic protoporphyria ( epp ) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight or uv light . a holiday abroad left the 42-year-old in hospital for six days , as the heat caused her entire body to swell . her sun allergy means she has to keep herself completely covered , as even a small dose of sun on her skin leaves her in pain . in summer , everyday tasks like picking her children up from school or going to buy some milk become extremely difficult . lorraine valentine , 42 , calls herself the ' real life vampire ' as she has a rare medical condition meaning she is allergic to the sun . miss valentine suffers from erythropoietic protoporphyria ( epp ) which causes her skin to burn and become unbearable itchy when she is exposed to sunlight . now , as temperatures in the uk are set to soar , she is desperate for a drug that can help her . miss valentine , of bournemouth , said : ' it 's always worst when the sun first comes out because i have no time to adjust . ' i have to pull the curtains closed and have to have a fan on , as any heat is painful . ' she was first diagnosed with epp , a rare blood condition which attacks the liver , when she was nine . the condition – which is incurable - is caused by a build-up of a chemical called protoporphyrin in the blood . as blood passes through the skin , the protoporphyrin absorbs the energy from sunlight and this sets off a chemical reaction that can slightly damage surrounding tissues . the nerve endings in the skin interpret this as itching or burning pain , and it can also cause the tissues to swell up . for miss valentine , even tasks like going to the supermarket are painful , as uv light reflects up from the floor , burning her skin . epp occurs when there is a build-up of a chemical called protoporphyrin in the blood . the skin is more sensitive to longer ultraviolet wavelengths ( uva ) and to visible light . it is caused by a shortage of an enzyme in the body that normally converts the protoporphyrin into a substance called haem . as a result of this enzyme deficiency , protoporphyrin levels build up in the blood . as blood passes through the skin , the protoporphyrin absorbs the energy from sunlight and this sets off a chemical reaction that can slightly damage surrounding tissues . the nerve endings in the skin interpret this as itching or burning pain , and if the blood vessels are affected , they can leak fluid , causing swelling . the condition is hereditary and symptoms include developing tingling , itching and burning when exposed to sunlight . there is currently no cure . source : british skin foundation . ' from march to november i completely cover up when i 'm going to pick up the kids , ' she said . ' when it 's boiling hot and i 'm wearing boots , jeans , a big cardigan , scarf and hat , i do get funny looks off the parents . ' they think i 'm a bit strange . ' i try and do normal things and not let it affect me . ' her children . chloe , 18 , elisha 14 , ben , 12 and josh , 10 , are understanding , but the family lives very close to the beach and so miss valentine feels guilty she can not join them when the weather is good . she said : ' it was difficult for them growing up . ' when i was crying because i was in so much pain , they could n't even hold my hand . ' the slightest touch puts me in agony . ' ' they 're understanding , but the beach is just ten minutes away . i should be on the beach with the kids , but i ca n't . ' i 'm just trying not to get sunned on . ' even driving somewhere , my arm is in pain from the sun coming through the window . ' i do n't know what i 'll do when it gets even hotter . ' in june last year , miss valentine decided to take her children on a summer holiday to lanzarote , as she did n't want them to miss out on this right of passage . she bought special uv protection socks to block out sunlight , and booked an expensive apartment right near the pool . she hoped this would mean she could stay indoors if she needed , but could watch her children enjoy swimming . she found the only way she could enjoy the holiday was to stay indoors , emerging at night to go to the beach and explore the town in the dark . ' we went in june because i thought it would be less hot , but how wrong i was , ' she said . last june , miss valentine went on a holiday to lanzarote but was hospitalised for six days afterwards , as the sun irritated her skin . she must wait until the sun sets before going to the beach near her home ( pictured ) . miss valentine , pictured on holiday with her 10-year-old son josh , said her children are ' understanding ' but when she is crying in pain they are unable to hold her hand , as any touch puts her in agony . ' even though i stayed in the shade , i ended up being covered up and in pain wherever i went . ' i had to borrow a fan to sleep and spent most of the evenings in the toilets of the entertainment area putting cold water on my burning feet . ' the kids would give me the ice from their drinks to put on my feet . ' when they flew back a week later , her ordeal was n't over . she said : ' on the plane i cried , trying to sit there for four hours with the pain of the burns . i was in agony . ' i had the air hostesses get me ice in the end . i was in such pain , i was crying and so upset . ' i went through security and left the kids while i raced to get some cold water and some paper towels to try and ease the pain . miss valentine , pictured ( left to right ) with daughter chloe , 18 , ben , 12 , josh , 10 and elisha , 14 , is now fundraising for other sufferers of the disease . five hours later , when the family landed in the uk , miss valentine was admitted to hospital . she was kept in for six days as her liver was n't functioning properly ; the condition can cause liver damage in severe cases . now , she is running the london marathon for british porphyria association to help raise funds for other sufferers of the disease . she is hoping an experimental drug called scenesse will bring hope for her and other sufferers . the drug acts as an anti-oxidant and activates melanin in skin , providing a barrier between the skin and wavelengths of light that trigger the burning and itching . ' i 'll battle for this , ' she said . ' i 've suffered for so long and been through so much . there needs to be treatment available . ' 