john carver has insisted he is enjoying the task of trying to turn newcastle 's season around despite all appearances . the 50-year-old has suffered a torrid time since replacing alan pardew as head coach at st james ' park until at least the end of the season . pardew 's former assistant has managed just two wins in 14 games in all competitions to date and has seen his side lose their last five barclays premier league fixtures , a run which has allowed the chasing pack to close and threaten to drag the club into a shock relegation fight . john carver says that he 's enjoying his role at newcastle and believes he 's getting the best out of the players . that , coupled with fury over owner mike ashley 's recruitment policy , has sparked calls for a mass boycott of sunday 's home clash with tottenham , but carver remains upbeat . he said with a smile : ' i 'm enjoying it - you might think it 's strange to say that . ' the hardest thing is to pick yourself up after a defeat because you take it personally . but we are professionals and have to get on with it . i 'm quite a positive guy inside my head and i know i can do the job . i just need the tools . ' we 've had setbacks , but you have got to deal with setbacks . it would be interesting to see if any manger or head coach had had this sort of situation in their career . it has been difficult , the facts are there . newcastle have won just two games under carver and fans are desperate for him not to be named manager . ' but i 'm not a moaner and not making excuses . it 's a test of management how you deal with it . i think i 'm getting the best out of the group of players we have . ' carver 's final comment may cause more than a few raised eyebrows with manchester united , everton , arsenal , sunderland and liverpool each having emerged from their recent meetings with newcastle having banked three points . injuries and ill-discipline - papiss cisse and moussa sissoko are currently serving bans while skipper fabricio coloccini is available at the weekend after having to sit out the last three games - have severely depleted a team which has been marooned on 35 points since the victory over aston villa on february 28 . carver said : ' you ca n't afford to ease off in the premier league . this is a difficult league and it 's difficult to win matches . you can win five in a row , lose five in a row - and we have to stop that . ' moussa sissoko will be missing for the tottenham game after getting sent off against liverpool .