long the domain of web sites and memes , the animated gif may soon be coming to a message near you . a new app makes creating the images simple on a smartphone - and lets you send them using facebook messenger . camoji is one of the first apps to take advantage of facebook 's decision to open up messenger , revealed at its recent f8 conference in san francisco . camoji allows people to add instagram style filters to their images before sharing them . the gifs are created in the camoji app . once downloaded , users simply tap on the shutter icon to record an animated gif that is up to 2 seconds long . they can then add filters and other effects - similar to instagram . camoji lets you record a gif with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on messenger , where gifs animate inline in the conversation . the gifs are created in the camoji app . people that have camoji installed see a reply button that launches camoji right from the messenger conversation so they can quickly record and send a gif of their own . this type of back and forth is exactly what makes the entire experience beautiful and seamless . ' app discovery is a major challenge for developers , ' said carlos whitt , camoji ceo . ' messenger is opening the door for developers to create innovative new ways for people to connect and express themselves without having to reinvent the social plumbing . ' this is a monumental development . ' ' we 're excited to have worked with the messenger team to help people share by easily capturing moments and sharing them seamlessly within messenger , ' said austin broyles , camoji co-founder . ' we feel our integration is truly unique and innovative . ' this is the first time the world 's biggest social network has opened their messenger app to seamless integration with third parties , and this level of integration does not exist on other messenger apps . camoji had previously integrated with imessage and whatsapp , but those integrations lacked a way for recipients to easily download camoji or launch it from a conversation to reply with another gif . camoji lets you record a gif with unique filters and text and share it to your friends on messenger . earlier this month facebook opened up its messenger service for developers to create apps and for consumers to communicate directly with retailers , in the social media network 's latest effort to expand its reach . the firm hopes to transform facebook 's messaging service into one that operates independently of the company 's social media network , effectively pitting it against traditional email . it even revealed it will allow smart devices such as doors and home appliances to use the platform . it comes as it faces intensifying competition from twitter and google , as well as from fast-growing messaging apps such as snapchat and wechat . facebook unveiled the new features at its annual developer conference in san francisco , for the first time allowing developers to create apps that function inside the messenger app , which has more than 600 million users . forty different apps will be available on messenger in the coming days , allowing users of the service to send each other sports clips and animations , facebook said . users can add text and other effects to their gifs before posting them . another feature will allow consumers to use messenger to send a text message to make a restaurant reservation or to receive a notification that a product purchased online has shipped . ' one of the fastest growing and most important members of our family is messenger , ' said mr zuckerberg . ' facebook used to be this single blue app and it did a lot of different things , now facebook is a family of apps , ' he said . ' moving from being a single service to a family of apps is the biggest shift we 've made in our strategy in helping connect people . ' the messenger platform was also launched , allowing developers to build new services into the app , which is used by 600 million users each month . mr zuckerberg said it would give users ' more tools for expression ' .   