england picked up their first title on the sevens world series this season after beating competition leaders south africa 21-14 in the final of the tokyo tournament on sunday . phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored the tries in the final for the english , who bounced back from a thumping group stage defeat to fiji on saturday to win a first title since the wellington sevens in feb. 2013 . ' i am unbelievably proud of this team . it 's a huge effort and we are so grateful to deliver this title , ' skipper mitchell said after victory at a wet prince chichibu memorial rugby ground . england 's james rodwell ( left ) celebrates with his team-mates following their final victory in tokyo . england defeated championship leaders south africa 21-14 in the decider of the sevens word series event . the england victory is their first since february 2013 and puts them fourth in the series so far . the 22 points moved them onto 100 and ahead of australia into the fourth and final olympic qualifying position available from the series . further spots are available for next year 's rio de janeiro games via regional qualifiers . south africa still lead the way after collecting 19 for the runners-up spot to move onto 129 , four clear of fiji with only two rounds left in the series in glasgow and london next month . the fijians , winners of the last two tournaments in las vegas and hong kong , picked up 17 points in tokyo after edging canada 21-19 to finish third . phil burgess streaks away to score england 's first of three tries in their triumph in japan . south africa 's cecil afrika ( centre ) kicks on the run as rain stream down during the tokyo sevens final . the fijian 's hat-trick bid was ended by the south africans in a nervy , error-strewn semi-final that the blitzbokke took 7-5 . new zealand , winners of 12 of the 15 sevens world series titles and reigning world cup sevens champions , endured a disappointing week in the japanese capital , suffering a first ever loss to canada in the quarter-finals . the 19-15 defeat sent them into the second tier plate tournament , which they won after beating france in the last four and then scotland in the final after dylan collier 's try in the last play of the game . the 13 points keeping them third on 120 . tom mitchell needs all of his strength to get to the line as south africa 's werner kok tries to pull him up . mitchell holds off kok as he just makes the line for england 's third try in the important seven-point win . trans-tasman rivals australia dropped to fifth after a weekend to forget in tokyo . after losing to portugal and scotland in group play on saturday , they then suffered a heartbreaking defeat to the united states in the lung-busting final of the third tier bowl event . perry baker scoring the match ending try in extra time as the ever-improving americans prevailed 17-12 . portugal won the shield after edging argentina 12-7 but last-placed japan closed the gap on the iberians to eight points in the battle to avoid relegation after picking up 10 for making a first cup quarter-final . 