despite battling an a rare congenital condition two-year-old nathaly hernandez wo n't let things get her down , as a heartwarming new video shows . the smiley toddler - who has lived at the home of the innocents nursing facility in kentucky since she was three months old - was filmed as she perfectly lip-synced to miley cyrus ' wrecking ball . footage shows her putting her heart and soul into the song - particularly as the rousing chorus builds . as she opens her mouth wide and scrunches up her face , nathaly determinedly raises her arms to indicate she 's singing at the top of the lungs . she also sways her head to the beat . scroll down for video . sing-a-long session : despite battling an array of health complications two-year-old nathaly hernandez wo n't let things get her down , as a heartwarming new video shows . getting into the groove : the smiley toddler - who has lived at the home of the innocents in kentucky since she was months old - was filmed as she performed a passionate lip-sync to miley cyrus ' wrecking ball . at various points the infant tunefully sounds words through her breathing tube . nathaly was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement . she is able to sit but can not walk , and a custom-made wheelchair allows her to get around . she also has an oxygen tube in her neck that helps her breathe . nathaly 's caregivers said she became obsessed with miley cyrus ' wrecking ball after her teenage roommate played the track . she then starting singing along to the song and moving her body in a bid to evoke emotion . bundle of joy : nathaly ( above , pictured with her father angel ) was born with a number of complications impacting her joints and movement . staff at the home of the innocents were stunned by nathaly 's antics and made a video of her in action last friday and posted it online . to date , the clip has been watched thousands of times with viewers giving it a big thumbs up . ' i could watch this over and over . she is precious ! ' one commenter wrote . another added : ' my little girl who is the same age made me play this video three times in a row , she adores this as much as i do ! ' nathaly 's parents , angel and maria , also shared the video via facebook . they told wave 3 news watching her sing to miley cyrus was a big ' surprise . ' little smiler : to date , nathaly ( above , seen with her older sister ) has been receiving round-the-clock care from nurses and therapists at home of the innocents , which is a non-profit organization . inspiring others : touching on nathaly 's zest for life , her father concluded : ' i do n't have words to explain . she has changed my life ' . the hernandezes - who have another daughter - are hoping to get nathaly home with them soon . they plan for her to go to a local public school with a special needs assistant on hand to help . already nathaly is bilingual and able to understand spanish and english . to date nathaly has been receiving round-the-clock care from nurses and therapists at home of the innocents , which is a non-profit organization . her caregivers say that they have been impressed by her progress . mary peters , a speech-language pathologist at home of the innocents , said : ' i do n't think you can quite hear it as much on the video but , there are times when she will sing along with her songs . ' touching on nathaly 's zest for life , her father concluded : ' i do n't have words to explain . she has changed my life . '