the mere mention of somalia elicits images of poverty or violent conflict for most people who have never travelled to the nation in the horn of africa . their only exposure tends to be upsetting scenes on their television screens or negative stories in the newspaper , but its people are using the power of social media to show their homeland in a positive light . one of the brightest stars , ugaaso abukar boocow , has become a celebrity on instagram , where she is trying to change people’s perceptions with photos and videos that reveal a side of somalia that most people have never seen . scroll down for video . with nearly 70,000 followers , ugaaso abukar boocow ( pictured ) has become a celebrity on instagram . the 27-year-old is trying to change people 's perceptions of somalia with her photos of everyday life . ugaaso abukar boocow 's show a side of somalia that most people would never discover on their own . this photo shows the ruins of a building along the indian ocean 's picturesque coast . with 68,000 followers , ugaaso’s instagram feed is a mixture of selfies , snapshots of daily life and somali traditions , and humorous photos or videos . the 27-year-old’s followers and others who stumble upon her posts are surprised to see pictures that showcase peaceful scenes , happy faces and stunning beauty spots , including the blue waters of the indian ocean and white-sand beaches . it 's also a project of discovery for ugaaso , who works as a civil servant , and was two years old when she and her grandmother fled somalia’s civil war and moved to canada . ugaaso settled in toronto and lived there until she moved back to mogadishu , somalia 's capital , last year to reunite with her mum . many of ugaaso abukar boocow 's photos show local children playing on the beach . ugaaso abukar boocow 's instagram feed features selfies , snaps with friends and photos of beauty spots . the 27-year-old’s followers are surprised to see photos that showcase peaceful and stunning scenery . ugaaso abukar boocow was two years old when she and her grandmother fled somalia’s civil war . she told mailonline travel that she began posting photos as a way to keep in touch and assure her family and friends in toronto that she was safe . she said : ‘ i try to be true to my world when i post . i post what i see and know to be true about somalia - beaches , fresh fruit drinks , hauntingly beautiful architecture . ’ she soon learned that there was an appetite for photos that showed a positive side to somalia , and has amassed a legion of followers since she began posting pictures and videos regularly last august . after settling in toronto , ugaaso abukar boocow moved back to mogadishu last year to be with her mum . she began posting photos as a way to let her family and friends in canada know that she was safe . ugaaso said she is embracing her newfound fame and believes it’s her responsibility to show outsiders what everyday life is really like in the east african nation . she said : ‘ they 're delighted to see a different somalia . i believe they 've been furtively rooting for us in their hearts all along . ‘ rooting for us to be courageous , to overcome . they 've dreamed a better world for us and now they get to see that world materialised on instagram . ’ she 's still getting used to strangers recognising her from her photos and stopping her on the street . ' they 're really proud of me here in somalia . i 'm amusing to them . they 're often stunned at my ability to speak the language flawlessly and they encourage me to continue showing the world `` our '' world - the ravishing somalia known to `` us '' . ' ugaaso abukar boocow soon learned that there was an appetite for photos showing somalia in a positive light . she believes it 's her responsibility to show outsiders what everyday life is really like in somalia . the 27-year-old has embraced her newfound fame and is still getting used to being recognised in public . ugaaso abukar boocow began using instagram to assure her family in canada that she is safe in somalia .