it 's a sport with a truly global reach as these images of children , amateurs and professional stars playing cricket show . the stunning shots make up the short-list for the wisden–mcc cricket photograph of the year 2014 , which was won by getty images photographer matthew lewis . his image of dwayne bravo shows the player taking a breathtaking full-length catch for the west indies to dismiss australia’s james faulkner during last year’s icc world twenty20 competition in bangladesh . but portraits of ordinary players also make the list , from children on a bangladesh rubbish tip to a club player attempting a catch in kent . children enjoy a game of cricket while their parents forage nearby on a rubbish tip in dhaka , bangladesh in an image by abu taher khokon . the sun sets behind mount wellington in hobart , australia , as england 's danny briggs bowls during a twenty20 international match . intrepid players take part in the ' world 's highest game of cricket ' in the icy summit crater of mount kilimanjaro in tanzania . the competition 's winning image was taken by matthew lewis and captures an outrageous pouch by west indies player dwayne bravo . england bowler stuart broad is hit in the face by the ball which breaks his nose after squeezing through the grille of his helmet . bangladesh a 's nurul hasan sees his stumps rearranged by south african fast bowler dale steyn during a limited overs game . sri lanka celebrate victory over england after devastated bowler jimmy anderson is dismissed by shaminda eranga . joe russell of bexley cricket club in kent makes an athletic but unsuccessful attempt at a catch on a boundary but the ball goes for six . england batsman michael carberry 's defensive stroke sees his bat snap cleanly in two during a spell from australia 's ryan harris . players leave the field at the end of the day 's play amid long shadows during a test between south africa and australia . philip hughes , the australian batsman who died after being struck by a ball , walks to the changing rooms during a game against pakistan .