peering into the heart of the milky way , astronomers have spotted the ' howls ' of dead stars as they feed on stellar companions . these zombie stars are thought to be leaving a ' mass grave ' of white dwarf stars near the centre of the milky way . but why there are so many of these stars here - which are left behind when a larger star runs out of fuel - remains a mystery . scroll down for video . the nuclear spectroscopic telescope array , or nustar , has captured a new high-energy x-ray view ( magenta ) of the bustling center of our milky way galaxy . the smaller circle shows the center of our galaxy where the nustar image was taken . the finding , published in nature , was made by scientists at haverford college in pennsylvania , us using nasa 's nustar telescope . ' we can see a completely new component of the centre of our galaxy with nustar 's images , ' said kerstin perez of columbia university in new york . ' we ca n't definitively explain the x-ray signal yet - it 's a mystery . more work needs to be done . ' when a star runs out of fuel it usually collapses in on itself . stars more than eight times the mass of our sun will explode in a supernova , leaving behind a neutron star or black hole . smaller stars , though , will shed their outer layers and leave behind a hot dense core – known as a white dwarf . a white dwarf contains a similar amount of mass to its previous star but will be much smaller – about the size of earth – making gravity at its surface much more intense . they are thought to be able to burn for tens or hundreds of billions of years - at which point they become black dwarfs – but as the universe is not this old , no black dwarfs exist in the universe yet . when they peered at the galactic centre , they found an emission of x-rays that corresponded to thousands of dead stars being present . the emission could also be due to millisecond pulsars - rapidly rotating neutron stars - or dense magnetic fields . ' however , all these interpretations pose significant challenges to our understanding of stellar evolution , binary formation and cosmic-ray production in the galactic centre , ' the researchers wrote in their paper . the emissions were found to be coming from a region of the galactic centre 13 by 26 light-years in size around the central supermassive black hole , called sagittarius a* . on theory is that when stars die , they do n't always go quietly into the night . unlike stars like our sun , collapsed dead stars that belong to stellar pairs , or binaries , can siphon matter from their companions . this zombie-like ' feeding ' process differs depending on the nature of the normal star , but the result may be an eruption of x-rays . but it is the potential for these to be white dwarf stars that is the most intriguing theory . scientists at haverford college in pennsylvania say they have spotted x-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs ( one illustrated centre ) at the galaxy 's centre . these are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel . but why thousands of these stars are here remains a mystery . there are already known to be many young , massive stars orbiting our galaxy 's central supermassive black hole - but why there would be thousands of white dwarf stars as well is not clear . white dwarfs are what are left when medium-mass stars - including our sun - shed their outer layers at the end of their life . behind is left the hot , dense core which burns white . if the white dwarf gathers too much material from a companion , its mass will reach a critical point and the star will explode . the researchers say the latest finding needs further study to get to the bottom of the mystery . ' this new result just reminds us that the galactic center is a bizarre place , ' said co-author chuck hailey of columbia university . ' in the same way people behave differently walking on the street instead of jammed on a crowded rush hour subway , stellar objects exhibit weird behavior when crammed in close quarters near the supermassive black hole . ' shown is the region around the supermassive black hole at the milky way 's galactic centre - sagittarius a* - where the x-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs were found . other possible explanations include millisecond pulsars , which are rapidly rotating neutron stars . nasa 's nustar telescope ( illustrated ) is a space-based x-ray telescope that focuses high-energy x-rays from distant astrophysical sources . its primary goal is to conduct a survey for black holes , but it has also been used for other purposes such as this latest research .