burnley boss sean dyche has told striker danny ings to keep on smiling - and the goals will return . the relegation-battling clarets have struggled for goals in recent weeks , despite some gritty performances , scoring just once in six games . the hotly-rated ings , whose future beyond the end of the season has been the subject of considerable speculation , has not found the net in seven appearances . danny ings has found goals hard to come by in recent weeks as he looks to try and fire burnley to safety . dyche hopes the barren spell is not weighing too heavily on the 23-year-old 's mind and has urged him to focus on enjoying his game . dyche said : ' he 's a bright young lad . he 's a very good player and a good young lad who is grounded . ' but you ca n't actually get inside someone . when that whistle blows it 's down to them to remind themselves of that freedom i speak about . i want players to play that way . ' his biggest thing is he puts a lot of demand on himself - and that can be a weakness as well as a strength . it 's good that he has a thirst to improve , as do a lot of the players . but it has to be balanced with that enjoyment . sean dyche is confident that if ings starts to enjoy playing more , then the goals will flow for the striker . ' i often say to him , play with a smile and i 've told him he 's best when he does . we 're looking to him to continue doing that . ' burnley 's battling performances have earned plaudits and despite the lack of goals , they have collected five points from a tough run of eight games . amid that run they have beaten manchester city and taken points off chelsea and tottenham . they are in the bottom three but just two points from safety and dyche is backing his forwards to come good again . he said : ' there 's certainly not pressure ( on the strikers ) from me . we ventured down this road early season when the goals did n't come as freely then we had a good patch over the christmas period . ' we have scored goals and been productive in front of goal . it 's about reminding the players what it takes to do that , different ways of doing that and how we can affect games . ' the 23-year-old has had an impressive season nonetheless , scoring nine goals in his debut top-flight year . ashley barnes ( right ) says he 's forgotten about the nemanja matic incident and moved on . striker ashley barnes insists confidence remains high among the group . barnes said : ' we are in this together . we are striving for one thing - to stay in this league come the end of the season . that is the main aim . ' the positivity around the group and the staff remains the same and hopefully will continue . ' barnes has found himself in the spotlight of late following his controversial tackle on chelsea 's nemanja matic . the 25-year-old escaped punishment but matic was sent off for his reaction to the challenge in a heated confrontation . barnes says that incident is now behind him . ' it has gone , ' he said . ' i moved on a while back . i am just concentrating on staying in this league . '