eddie hearn has insisted his £1.5million purse offer to carl frampton comes with no strings attached , but efforts to make a super-fight with scott quigg remain deadlocked . hearn unveiled a cheque with his offer to sky tv cameras in a bid to force a deal with the ibf super-bantamweight champion , as the matchroom promoter upped the ante in a bid to book a july 18 date at manchester arena . however , frampton’s promoters , cyclone promotions , headed by former world champ barry mcguigan , released a press release in response to the offer , claiming they were awaiting formal communication from hearn’s matchroom sports before renewing negotiations over the much-hyped bout . eddie hearn presents the cheque for £1.5m to set-up scott quigg 's fight with carl frampton . matchroom sport boss hearn said the cheque offered 1.5m reasons for the two boxers to fight . quigg stares down the camera to tell frampton to ' put his money where his mouth is ' . tv rights were believed to be a major stumbling block in negotiations as matchroom are tied to sky sports , while frampton’s recent title defence against chris avalos attracted millions of viewers between itv in the uk and utv ireland . now hearn has seemingly attempted to force the fight with a big-money offer in the hope that the bout can be screened on sky box office . while past negotiations were believed to have collapsed due to a failure to agree a deal on future promotional ‘options’ on fights , the matchroom promoter also insisted he has not demanded rights to promote frampton’s future fights . ‘ nothing at all — no options , no rematch clause , absolutely nothing , ’ hearn told sportsmail when questioned on whether such terms were included in his £1.5m offer . ‘ he can have this fight , he can go back to whatever broadcaster he wants [ after it ] . he can go and move to the moon if he wants , it’s nothing to do with us . ’ quigg is the defending wba super-bantamweight champion and wants to fight frampton in manchester . quigg celebrates his win over hidenori othake at the liverpool echo arena in november last year . mcguigan declined to comment further on the saga when contacted by sportsmail , refusing to elaborate on cyclone promotions’ statement which said they ‘ have made several attempts to organise a follow-up meeting with eddie hearn of matchroom sport to progress these negotiations’ . the cyclone statement added : ‘ if matchroom sport are interested in joining cyclone promotions in staging this domestic superfight , we recommend matchroom accept the invitation for a follow-up meeting . ’ hearn countered the cyclone statement , telling sportsmail : ‘ we just want to get it done , it’s so frustrating… i know their statement said we turned down another meeting but that’s because it was getting nowhere . we’re trying to make things happen . ‘ the only thing that cyclone promotions want is they want to co-promote the show . we’re bringing all the money , we’re putting all the money up , ’ said the matchroom promoter . ‘ if there was another broadcaster that they were willing to work with , who could throw a load of money at this fight , then make us an offer . they can’t . we’re in such a strong position , but we’re still being fair . scott quigg is the one taking all the risk here . if it doesn’t do that great at the box office , scott might get only £400-500,000 and carl still gets his £1.5m , there is no risk . ' this is the offer that i believe has to make carl frampton say yes . i’ve already responded [ to cyclone ] to say “ if you want to co-promote , co-promote it” , ’ added hearn . frampton lands a punch on american opponent chris avalos during their fight last month . frampton celebrates after his win over spain 's kiko martinez in september last year . 