wayne rooney believes manchester united team-mate marouane fellaini has gone from old trafford scapegoat to one of the most dangerous forwards in europe . fellaini was one of the stars of united 's manchester derby demolition of neighbours city on sunday and was recently described as almost undroppable by manager louis van gaal . now rooney has revealed his admiration for the former everton forward , saying : ' he is getting used in the right way . he is a handful for defenders to mark . marouane fellaini has enjoyed an upturn in fortunes in recent week at manchester united . ' we like to play out from the back and if teams are pressing us then we have him as an option . ' he is probably the best in world football at bringing the ball down and getting us out of that pressure and further up the pitch . he is being used in the right way by the manager and he is repaying the manager with goals and good performances . ' fellaini was signed from everton by van gaal 's predecessor david moyes in the summer of 2013 but endured a terrible first season as he suffered with injuries and tried and failed to establish himself as a holding midfield player . wayne rooney hailed his belgian team-mate as one of the best in world football at the moment . fellaini has proved a handful for defences and was instrumental in wins over manchester city and liverpool . now the belgian has emerged as a potent attacking weapon under van gaal , used as a second striker behind rooney . on sunday , city could n't cope with him just as liverpool had suffered at his hands at anfield three weeks earlier . ' last year was awful for him but in fairness he kept his head down worked hard and come through that tough period , ' reflected rooney . ' he is showing now what he did at everton and why manchester united bought him . ' he is a quality player . he is a different option for us . it is starting to show on the pitch . ' it was tough for him but he had the whole team 's support . we knew he was working hard and it was n't just him struggling last season a lot of us were . ' he was the one who took most of the blame for it . it was hard for him . thankfully the manager has shown faith in him . ' he is big and he is strong and always a goal threat which he is showing now . he is awkward to mark . it is great for him and we hope it continues . ' fellaini wheels away after heading in at the far post to beat joe hart and give united the lead in the derby . united are now in third place in the barclays premier league after six league wins in a row . this weekend they travel to chelsea with renewed hope . ' we said earlier on in the season that we were working on things and it was going to take time , ' added rooney . ' it is starting to show now , the training we have been putting in . ' we have been working really hard . ' each game is different and we have been training for each game in a different way depending on how the opposition plays . there is no detail left unturned . we have been prepared really well . ' ' we are confident going to chelsea . ' we are in a good run of form and have beaten some good teams . it is a big test for us at chelsea . louis van gaal suggested that fellaini is almost undroppable at the moment and hailed his rebirth . ' they are top of the league and it is always tough at stamford bridge . they are in a very commanding position . we just have to try and win our games and finish as high as we can . ' we are still a work in progress . we are still learning . it is great how things are going and the performances we are putting in but it is has to continue . ' there is more space in the bigger games out those kinds of teams like to attack . we felt against city we could capitalise on it . we have found it tougher when teams have sat back and defended . '