a new county cricket season is almost upon us with the first round of championship fixtures this summer beginning on sunday up and down the country . yorkshire will be looking to defend their division one title while kevin pietersen will hope his runs help surrey to promotion from the second tier . here is former surrey and england batsman mark butcher 's guide to the county championship . division one . durham . verdict : i don’t think they have the strength to carry the title off . the best they can hope for is to consolidate their status as a regular division one side . but they always have a flotilla of pace bowlers to look out for . key man : mark wood – a highly promising quick , as england have realised . overseas : john hastings ( aus ) . durham 's side pose for their team photo ahead of the 2015 county cricket season . hampshire . verdict : it’s always difficult for any team that’s just been promoted : worcestershire go up and down every year . but if west indies paceman fidel edwards , signed as a kolpak , can stay fit they have a chance . and michael carberry will have a point to prove as well . key man : it would be fantastic if sean ervine can make the most of his undoubted talent . overseas : jackson bird ( aus ) , yasir arafat ( pak , limited-overs ) hampshire players join in with a selfie with their sponsors at their ageas bowl home in southampton . middlesex . verdict : i tipped them for the title last season , but they barely ended up escaping relegation . the loss of adam voges to australia’s ashes squad is a big blow , and they’ll need to replace the runs of his fellow ashes tourist chris rogers at the top of the order . key man : the return of a revitalised nick compton from somerset is huge . overseas : tbc . nick compton has joined middlesex from somerset with a point to prove to england selectors . nottinghamshire . verdict : they promised much in 2014 , but delivered little . yorkshire overhauled them easily in the end . but i expect them to be strong , especially in seam bowling : vernon philander’s a big signing , and they’ll have the experienced ben hilfenhaus too . key man : this is alex hales’s chance to prove he can be more than just a one-day hitter . overseas : vernon philander ( sa ) , ben hilfenhaus ( aus ) , darren sammy ( wi , t20 ) . big things will be expected of nottinghamshire in the 2015 season given their strength and depth . somerset . verdict : with the likes of marcus trescothick , they have a wealth of experience at taunton now , which they’ll need – they’ve often struggled to get over the line because of a lack of cricketing nous . but they’re brimming with talent , and the overton twins – craig and jamie – will be worth watching . key man : the new coach matthew maynard – his edge is just what they need . overseas : abdur rehman ( pak ) , sohail tanvir ( pak , t20 ) , corey anderson ( nz , t20 ) . somerset 's new director of cricket matthew maynard will be hoping to leave his mark at taunton . sussex . verdict : my tip for the title . ed joyce is back from another successful world cup with ireland , and they’ll have tymal mills to steam in down the hill : lefties are all the rage right now . throw in chris jordan , luke wright , steve magoffin and mahela jayawardene , and there’s a heap of talent . key man : magoffin’s accurate seam bowling is one of the game’s most unsung phenomena . overseas : steve magoffin ( aus ) , mahela jayawardene ( sl , t20 ) . chris nash ( left ) and ed joyce ( right ) at sussex 's media day ahead of the new season at hove . warwickshire . verdict : they had a cracking summer last year , and they have a nice blend of experienced players and others approaching their peak , in the 27-31 category . they’ll need to keep the squad fit so they can rotate – and it’ll be interesting to see how much of jonathan trott they’ll get , because he’ll have an eye on the ashes . key man : jeetan patel – 59 championship wickets last year with his off-breaks . overseas : jeetan patel ( nz ) , brendon mccullum ( nz , t20 ) . england fast bowler chris woakes dressed in warwickshire 's yellow limited-overs strip . worcestershire . verdict : it often confounds me how a team that looks so workmanlike on paper can keep appearing in division one ahead of more fancied sides , but coach steve rhodes gets them playing disciplined cricket , and daryl mitchell’s a terrific leader . key man : if the pitches are dry in the second half of the season , saeed ajmal could keep them up by himself . overseas : sachithra senanayake ( sl ) , saeed ajmal ( pak ) , colin munro ( nz , t20 ) . pakistani spinner saeed ajmal could prove to be a big weapon during the 2015 county season . yorkshire . verdict : their biggest challenge in defending their title will be how to cope with losing so many players to england . but well done to them for fulfilling a major part of a county’s brief , which is to produce test cricketers . and it’s a predominantly yorkshire-born team too . key man : andrew gale – the captain will be ever-present while others are on england duty . overseas : cheteshwar pujara ( ind ) , aaron finch ( aus ) , kane williamson ( nz ) , glenn maxwell ( aus , t20 ) . yorkshire captain andrew gale celebrates winning division one at the end of the 2014 season . division two . derbyshire . verdict : martin guptill will arrive fresh from his world cup heroics , and last season mark footitt was far and away the quickest bowler on the county circuit . they’ll be a tough nut to crack . key man : mark footitt was the championships’ leading wicket-taker in 2014 with 82 at 19 each . overseas : martin guptill ( nz ) , tillekeratne dilshan ( sl , t20 ) , nathan rimmington ( aus , t20 ) . new zealand 's world cup star martin guptill will play for derbyshire this summer . essex . verdict : somehow , they always manage to mess up their promotion bid . jesse ryder will give them a bit of x-factor , but they’ve lost two talented young players in tymal mills and wicketkeeper ben foakes . key man : graham napier – potentially destructive with both bat and ball . overseas : jesse ryder ( nz ) , shaun tait ( aus , t20 ) . essex star mark pettini holds an eagle during the team 's media day at chelmsford . glamorgan . verdict : they’ve been finding life very difficult of late , and they’ve had a bit of an overhaul during the winter . having jacques rudolph available for the whole season is a boost , and south african batsman colin ingram has arrived as a kolpak . key man : graham wagg is a feisty all-rounder . overseas : jacques rudolph ( sa ) . glamorgan have endured a tough time of late and will be hoping for better fortunes in 2015 . gloucestershire . verdict : the loss of the gidman brothers – alex and will – leaves a big hole in the side , both on and off the field . it’s interesting that geraint jones will captain them in four-day cricket , but it’s hard to see them improving on their seventh-place finish from last year . key player : will tavare 's runs could be crucial . overseas : peter handscomb ( aus ) , michael klinger ( aus ) . former kent and england wicketkeeper geraint jones will captain gloucestershire in four-day cricket . kent . verdict : as ever , their problem will be how to take 20 wickets , but at least seamer matt coles is back from hampshire . the batting looks stronger , with joe denly rejoining from middlesex , and young talent in daniel bell-drummond and sam northeast . key player : sam billings – an england star in the making . overseas : tbc . kent star sam billings in training with the england lions in cape town in january . lancashire . verdict : they had a massively disappointing 2014 , going straight back down after winning division two . but , along with surrey , they’ll fancy their chances of promotion . and their new coach , ashley giles , will be keen as mustard after being discarded by england . key player : tom smith – showed his all-round class last summer . overseas : peter siddle ( aus ) . lancashire endured a disappointing 2014 campaign which ended in relegation back to division two . leicestershire . verdict : they were rock bottom last year , and without a championship win in two seasons , but there’s a feeling of renewal at grace road : a new chief executive in wasim khan , and three australians in andrew mcdonald ( coach ) , mark cosgrove ( captain ) and clint mckay ( seamer ) . key player : cosgrove can give leicestershire some rollicking starts . overseas : clint mckay ( aus ) . former australia all-rounder andrew mcdonald ( right ) will coach leicestershire this summer . northamptonshire . verdict : they’ll be wiser for the experience after a dismal 2014 , when a pre-season injury to captain alex wakely proved a disaster . time to prove that they can rediscover the form that made them such a hit in 2013 . key player : local lad david willey bowls brisk left-arm and gives it a whack . overseas : rory kleinveldt ( sa ) , shahid afridi ( pak , t20 ) . pakistan all-rounder shahid afridi will play t20 cricket for northamptonshire this summer . surrey . verdict : the kp circus is coming to town . there’ll be plenty of attention on the club , and therefore also on the talented younger players – the likes of jason roy , rory burns , zafar ansari and matt dunn . they’ve simply got to get out of division two . key player : jason roy – a big chance to nudge the england selectors . overseas : kumar sangakkara ( sl ) , moises henriques ( aus ) . kevin pietersen has returned to surrey in a bit to resurrect his international career with england . pietersen was in good spirits at the team 's media day at the oval ahead of the 2015 season . the surrey 2015 side that will be hoping to secure promotion back into division one . keep up to date with the lv= county championship this season with mark butcher’ s weekly match previews and highlights of every game . visit ecb.co.uk/lvcc to discover where test stars are made .