the military mistress is back in the game . bobbi ann house , 39 , who hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts - with one spouse losing $ 100,000 to her - is again wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying . however this time it is both house and her new husband , zackerie house , 27 , who police are after , accusing the couple of writing a series of bad checks worth at least $ 13,500 . the purchases started in western oregon in early march , then moved through oregon coastal towns and into colorado and oklahoma . wanted : bobbi ann house , 39 , who became known as the ' military mistress ' around 2010 for conning over a dozen servicemen , is now wanted again , this time for check fraud , along with her husband zacherie house , 27 . military mistress : bobbi ann finley , also known as bobbi ann house , hit national headlines in 2010 when allegations surfaced that she hopped from one military base to the next , marrying service members to gain access to their bank accounts . the two are now believed to be hiding out camping , with their last fraudulent transaction for a ' large quantity ' of outdoors supplies and groceries at atwoods , a farm and ranch chain store in checotah , oklahoma , on march 30 , oregon live reported . officials released photos of a car the pair are believed to be driving - a blue 2005 cadillac escalade - which they bought by a fraudulent $ 1,500 down payment at universal auto sales in salem on march 14 . the car , which they took possession of march 14 and has the license plate 535bwp , has been listed as stolen . while investigators believe the two are camping , they do not know where , and have asked anyone with information to come forward . marion county deputies said they have probable cause to arrest finley and house for their use of fraudulent checks in marion county . captured : surveillance image of bobbi ann finley and zackerie house released by marion county sheriff 's office . this is one of the last times the couple were seen in march . wanted : the two were last seen making a fraudulent transaction for a ' large quantity ' of outdoors supplies and groceries at atwoods , a farm and ranch chain store in checotah , oklahoma , on march 30 . on-the-run : fficials released photos of a car the pair are believed to be driving - a blue 2005 cadillac escalade - which they bought by a fraudulent $ 1,500 down payment at universal auto sales in salem on march 14 . the car , which they took possession of march 14 and has the license plate 535bwp , has been listed as stolen . bobbi ann , previously known as bobbi anne finley , has had numerous run-ins with the law . she became infamous for targeting military personnel before allegedly taking their money and leaving them in financial ruin . in a jailhouse interview in 2011 , the woman admitted that she may have destroyed lives , but she claimed she is a victim who has had a hard upbringing . ' i was n't running a con , ' finley said . ' i wanted protection , the protection that i should have had growing up ... i married these guys i could n't love . ' ' i was looking for love . i was looking for understanding , i was looking for someone to say , `` you know , it is going to be ok '' , ' finley told abc 's 20/20 at the time . ' in many of the cases , you look and you started out and you get married and you 're thinking , ' oh , i 'm going to live happily ever after . '' and then you realise as soon it 's done ... it was a mistake , ' she said . ' the devil himself is a pot of gold compared to her ' : some of bobbi ann 's victims described her as a smart , cunning , professional liar . for nearly 20 years , finley allegedly preyed on military bases where she lied to servicemen claiming to be a wealthy heiress , the daughter of a general or an injured veteran about to get a large pay-out . ' she was smart , funny , witty , beautiful , ' jacob anderson , one of finley 's ex-husbands , told abc news . ' i mean , you 'd come home ... you did n't need to ask one ... it was clean . ' our food was cooked , and the food was excellent . dishes were done , house was immaculate . you were going like , `` wow , i could n't ask for anybody better '' . ' but things soon changed when the men married finley and money allegedly started disappearing from their accounts . ' the devil himself is a pot of gold compared to her , ' said shane cheesman , one of finley 's ex-husbands whose marriage was annulled after a week . ' she has no heart . she has no feelings , no remorse , ' he told abc news . but finley 's alleged scam began to unravel in 2004 when she got on the wrong side of one of her many mother-in-laws . the victims : in 2010 , abc news assembled 10 of bobbi ann 's former husbands , all servicemen . ex-spouse ben giles described her as ' a domestic terrorist ' who targeted and destroyed the lives of military members . katie wegg , whose son rodney had fallen for finley when he was a reservist stationed in texas , began a six-year-crusade to bring her to justice after her son went away for the weekend and came home to find money gone from his checking account . she found that finley had a history of fraud and bigamy , and had given birth to children and never told the fathers . bobbi ann has at least nine children , according to her family . ' [ rodney ] had a child out there and he wanted to know where this child was . and he wanted his child , ' mrs wegg told abc news . ' these guys did n't know they had children . ' finley served an eight-month sentence for forging cheques from mr wegg 's account in 2007 . bobbi ann house , 39 , who hit headlines in 2010 for marrying at least 14 servicemen and then draining their bank accounts of thousands of dollars , is again wanted by police after getting out of prison and remarrying . she was arrested again in june 2010 and extradited to alabama was jailed in february after pleading guilty to theft by deception and ordered to pay $ 5,300 in restitution . ' i mean , i 'm angry . i 'm sad . i 'm lonely ... because of what bobbi did , ' said jeffrey dietiker , one of finley 's ex-husbands . ' and now i 'm paying for it , with every relationship i get in ... trust was everything i had , and now i do n't . '   