the hunger games film franchise has grossed over $ 2 billion after three movies - and the final chapter is due out at the end of the year . before that , the twilight saga managed $ 3.3 billion over five films from 2008 . the avengers garnered $ 1.5 billion with just one film in 2012 , and there are three other sequels to come , with the follow-up hitting cinemas may 1 . when it comes to hollywood 's primary concern - banking a major box office - a series or superhero adaptation is largely seen as a surefire success , in a benchmark set in the early 2000 's by harry potter and the lord of the rings , and followed by the pirates of the caribbean and spiderman . however , while original screenplays and independent projects are being edged out and overlooked as a result , there is still a small group of stars considered capable of pulling people into theaters in droves . according to a new survey in the hollywood reporter - which called upon producers , agents and executives to list those who can command a major opening based on their fan base - there are six superstars around that can keep the studios swelling , without having to resort to turning a best-selling book or beloved comic into a picture . in return , they can ask for $ 20 million per film . 1 . sandra bullock . the acting favorite , who won an oscar in 2010 for the blind side , topped forbes ' list of the highest-earning actresses in 2014 . the miss congeniality star took the headline spot thanks to her gripping turn in gravity , which became one of the highest-grossing movies of 2013 , with a global box office of $ 716 million . and while her buddy cop comedy the heat with melissa mccarthy managed similarly impressive numbers , with about $ 229.9 million worldwide , the powerful pull that bullock has today is a career-long achievement . thrillers like speed , a time to kill , murder by numbers and crash served her well , but bullock 's legion of loyal fans have really followed her quality comedies and dramas - from while you were sleeping to hope floats , practical magic , 28 days , two weeks notice and the proposal . theater favorite : sandra bullock has built up an impressive and loyal following over a career spanning almost 30 years . here she is pictured in 2013 's gravity ( left ) and speed in in 1994 ( right ) . old faithful : bullock made her name - and continues to - by appearing in feel-good romantic comedies , such as hope floats with harry connick jr. in 1998 . in it bullock plays a housewife who moves back to the small town she is from following the collapse of her marriage . 2 . leonardo dicaprio . for a young guy who started out doing tv ads for bubble yum chewing gum in the 1990s , dicaprio is now 40 and a bona fide movie star . while 1997 's titanic is still ranked as the second highest-grossing film of all time ( after avatar ) , taking $ 2.18 billion , he has appeared in some of the largest films of the last 15 years , including inception , django unchained , the departed , catch me if you can , the aviator and , most recently , the wolf of wall st . according to the richest , his films have grossed an astounding $ 2.3 billion . mr blockbuster : leonardo dicaprio asked for $ 25 million up front to appear as jordan belfort in the wolf of wall street ( left ) , according to reports . his is pictured out and about in new york in september 2014 ( right ) . 3 . matt damon . he is perhaps best-known for the bourne spy series , which spawned three films from 2002 . and , despite a shaky return once the series wrapped up , with the disappointing performances of the adjustment bureau , margaret , invictus , green zone , we bought a zoo and promised land , damon showed once more he is a leading man when not playing jason bourne . end-of-the-world blockbuster elysium became a big movie for sony in 2013 , not just for its global takings of $ 286 million , but for being an original screenplay - a follow-up to neill blomkamp 's sleeper hit district 9 - and not an adaptation . however the big money will come in 2016 , when he reprises his role as bourne . leading man : matt damon - pictured left with his wife luciana barroso - made a big comeback in 2013 with sci-fi hit elysium ( right ) . 4 . robert downey jr . this comeback king put a shocking bout of arrests , rehab and prison behind him when he played unconventional superhero tony stark in 2008 's iron man . he followed it up in 2009 by appearing as the title role in guy ritchie 's sherlock holmes , and then its sequel , sherlock holmes : a game of shadows , in 2011 . iron man 2 proved another major hit in 2010 , and then the character appeared in the avengers in 2012 , before iron man 3 broke office records in 2013 , collecting $ 1.2 billion . downey jr. now has an estimated net worth of $ 190 million , and is said to be on the best pay packet of all the actors who are signed on to the avenger 's . comeback king : robert downey jr. has played iron man in three installments , plus the avengers franchise , all of which has a big pay pack . 5 . angelina jolie . she won an oscar for playing a disturbingly violent inmate of a female mental institution in 1999 's girl , interrupted , before going to refashion herself as a leading action star , with roles in gone in 60 seconds , tomb raider , mr and mrs smith , the wanted and salt . while her most recent film , unbroken , featured her as director , the disney live-action flick maleficent became the fourth highest-grossing film of 2014 , taking $ 758 million . the actress was paid a reported $ 15 million for the sleeping beauty remake , and is set to make $ 20 million for the salt sequel . regardless of the film , if jolie is in it , audiences will go see it . action star : while last year 's maleficent was a big box office hit , jolie is expected to collect $ 20 for the salt sequel . 6 . denzel washington . two-time academy award nominee denzel washington has a career that is as diverse as it is spread out . from muslim minister and human rights activist malcolm x in 1992 , to boxer rubin ' hurricane ' carter the hurricane and football coach herman boone in remember the titans , he moved into a series of action roles , including training day , man on fire and american gangster . but his portrayed of an alcoholic but brilliant commerical pilot who prevents a catastrophic plane crash in flight is the most memorable of late . washington is believed to have been paid $ 20 million - $ 10 million more than co-star mark wahlberg - for the 2013 film 2 guns . according to the hollywood reporter survey , however , there is a separate list of actors who are not far behind this list . the second group are said to be able to command $ 15 million each per picture . in order , that list goes ben affleck , bradley cooper , dwayne johnson , jennifer lawrence , melissa mccarthy and channing tatum . the $ 15 million club : the recent survey said these six are hollywood 's next-in-line for huge pay packets . in order , that list goes ben affleck , bradley cooper , dwayne johnson , jennifer lawrence , melissa mccarthy and channing tatum .