birmingham is the rat capital of the uk and the london borough of southwark has the most mice , cockroaches and bed bugs , according to new research . the midlands city topped the league table for the highest number of rat exterminations with almost 15,000 between 2013 and 2014 . newcastle is officially the most pest-infested place in the country with 5 per cent of those living on tyneside reporting problems with rats , cockroaches , wasps and other creepy crawlies . the north east city was followed by the city of london where 4.9 per cent of people reported problems , and in knowsley , merseyside , 3.4 per cent of residents were forced to call in exterminators . scroll down for video . a survey revealed birmingham to be the rat capital of the uk while the london borough of southwark has the most mice , cockroaches and bed bugs . five per cent of residents in newcastle , more than 6,000 people , called in pest inspectors last year - making tyneside residents the most likely to report a problem ( file image ) . the figures , released by the british pest control association , also revealed that the most pest-free place was southend , in essex , where 0.03 per cent of homeowners had a problem . officials at the bpca warned that pests numbers are at their highest levels for several years after councils cut free pest-buster services . they said that , while there were usual local reasons for particular pests being common , the overall trend across the uk was an increase in numbers . for example , while rats and cockroaches are particularly common in large cities such as london , areas such as fife , in scotland , are much more prone to ants . scotland as a whole has seen an explosion in the ant population in the last four years , will call-outs to treat the problem increasing three-fold . a graph compiled by the british pest control association shows wales is the most rat-infested country in the uk ( left ) and another shows the prevalence of mice by country ( right_ . while inner-city areas such as birmingham and london were plagued by rats and cockroaches , more rural areas such as north lanarkshire were overrun by wasps ( pictured ) . meanwhile , residents of north lanarkshire in scotland were the most likely to report problems with wasps . after an especially wet summer in 2012-13 which killed off a lot of the uk 's wasps , 2013-14 saw a boom in the number of the pests , especially in scotland . the survey also revealed that the number of local authorities who provide a free pest control service has declined by 26 per cent over the past four years . and the bcpa is warning that this the potential to prompt a significant increase in pests , including rats and bedbugs . simon forrester , chief executive of the bcpa , said : ' our study provides a comprehensive and graphic indication of the demand placed on local authorities for pest control . ' there are many localised reasons why a particular area could have a high prevalence of a certain pest , but there 's certainly a recurring theme . ' if an infestation of any pest is n't dealt with quickly and professionally , it 's likely to spread . ' the problem then becomes much more expensive and carries a greater risk to public health . ' wasp numbers saw a steady decline and then a sharp rise in the past few years ( left ) but there has been a clear rise in the number of bed bugs across the country ( right ) . the number of ant infestations reported has shot up three-fold in scotland in the last five years , data showed , with those in fife most likely to report a problem . 