more than half of voters do not want to see nicola sturgeon or the snp calling the shots in the next british government , a damning poll revealed tonight . ms sturgeon today launched her party 's manifesto setting out demands for as the price propping up a labour government , promising the rest of the uk the ' hand of friendship ' . but a new comres poll for itv news reveals 54 per cent want her kept out of the next uk government , and 59 per cent want the snp as a whole to play no part in running the country . scroll down for video . a new comres poll for itv news reveals 54 per cent want her kept out of the next uk government , and 59 per cent want the snp as a whole to play no part in running the country . nicola sturgeon today launched her party 's manifesto setting out demands for as the price propping up a labour government , promising the rest of the uk the ' hand of friendship ' . polls in scotland put the snp on course to make huge gains north of the border , taking dozens of seats from labour and robbing ed miliband of all hopes of securing an overall majority . mr miliband and ms sturgeon have ruled out a formal coalition with snp mps sitting in cabinet . but they have left open the possibility of the snp supporting a labour government on a vote-by-vote basis , raising the prospect of mr miliband being forced to bow to their demands to get any legislation through . the snp has already suggested that it will be ' entitled to vote against any bit of legislation ' and ' any bit of spending ' it does not agree with . it means that for labour to pass new laws or agree to spending in england , wales or northern ireland they would have to strike a deal with the snp . with the election too close to call , and polls pointing to another hung parliament , comres surveyed voters to see which parties they would like to see sharing power with labour or the tories . the snp got the biggest thumbs down , with 59 per cent against them playing a role in the british government and only 19 per cent in favour . prime minister david cameron , pictured campaigning in chester today , warned an snp-labour deal would be a ' match made in hell ' for the british economy . 36 per cent of voters back the lib dems playing a role in the next government , with only 40 per cent against . the manifesto includes demands for extra spending , an end to benefits cuts and the scrapping of trident . key election promises in the snp manifesto include : ms sturgeon has made clear that in the event of a hung parliament she will take charge of talks with labour . ' i am the leader of the party , i would lead those discussions if we 're in that scenario . ' she said yesterday . however , just 22 per cent of voters across the uk back the idea with 54 per cent against . it makes the snp by far the least popular potential coalition partner . pollsters said older british adults were the most likely to be opposed to snp influence . an astonishing 71 per cent of those aged 65 and over want to lock ms sturgeon out of power , compared to 44 per cent of 18 to 24-year-olds . by contrast , 36 per cent of voters back the lib dems playing a role in the next government , with only 40 per cent against . voters are more split on ukip , with 32 per cent in favour of nigel farage entering a power-sharing deal , but 51 per cent opposed . amid fears of a backlash south of the border , ms sturgeon claimed she was offering the ' genuine hand of friendship ' to the rest of the uk . she stated : ' the snp is n't going to westminster to seek to bring down governments or block budgets . we 're going to westminster to build an alliance for good , positive , progressive , sensible change . ' she unveiled her her £140billion ' ransom note ' for britain to drag labour to the left , including an end to austerity , rising benefits payments and the abolition of trident as the price mr miliband would have to pay for getting into number 10 . david cameron warned any deal with the snp to put labour in power would force mr miliband to negotiate ' day by day , vote by vote , favour by favour ' . this would mean ' endless bargaining and backroom deals ' to keep labour in power - even if it hit english voters in the pocket . mr cameron said : ' every single decision taking the form of a ransom note – written by the snp . ' make no mistake , if labour and the snp get into power , you are going to see an alliance between a party that wants to spend , borrow and tax more…with a party that wants to spend , borrow and tax even more . ' it might be a match made in heaven for them but it is a match made in hell for the british economy . ' more than half of people do not want ukip leader nigel farage to play a part in the next government , but lib dem nick clegg proved the most popular with 36 per cent wanting his party back in power . lib dem leader nick clegg today made a fresh pitch to be returned to power in a second coalition . he told itv 's lorraine : ' i know the conservatives are playing footsie with ukip , with this right wing alliance with ukip , and labour are playing footsie with the snp . ' i 'm not going to have an alliance , i 'm not going to have an arrangement , nor a coalition , with ukip or the snp . ' the question is not is ed miliband or david cameron , are one of those two going into number 10 , it 's who is going to go in there alongside them . i personally think it is much better to have the liberal democrats around the cabinet table than alex salmond or nigel farage . ' 