two of the teenagers who masterminded the anzac day terror plot in melbourne had recently scouted police stations ahead of a possible attack . it comes as a friend of the teenagers who are believed to the planned attack in melbourne revealed the moment the two young men ' became radicalised ' . the man , who has not been identified , claims the death of numan haider was the moment ' we all became more radical ' , according to news corp australia . scroll down for video . sevdet besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , was charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' at the melbourne magistrates court on saturday afternoon . multiple photos of mr besim on his social media pages show him posing with one raised index finger , a symbol that other isis supporters have also frequently used . he is one of two 18-year-old men police arrested for allegedly planning an ' isis inspired ' attack on an anzac day ceremony . the duo were ' associates ' of abdul numan haider ( pictured ) . haider was killed by police last year after he attacked officers with a knife , and is believed to have planned an isis-like attack . the two alleged ringleaders of the anzac day plot reportedly attended haider 's funeral . the information comes after police held one of the alleged ringleaders in jail under tough new terror laws , despite not being charged . the man , who can not be identified due to suppression orders , could be held 14 days after police applied for a preventive detention order . another man , sevdet ramadan besim , 18 , was charged with planning to carry out an attack . both men often visited frequented the controversial al-furqan islamic study centre in south springvale . it was also revealed the young men arrested on saturday had personal links with a senior australian jihadist and islamic state recruiter in syria . police are exploring the role played in the plot by neil prakash , 23 , who is considered to be the top australian recruiter for isis , according to fairfax media . prakash , who is know by the jihadist name abu khalid al-kambodi , may have been in direct communication with the teenagers until recently . prakash is thought of in the same way as mohammad ali baryalei , a former sydney bouncer who was believed killed fighting around the northern syrian city of kobane in late 2014 . mr haider , whose body is pictured ( left ) being taken to the coroner for examination , died when he was shot by officers after stabbing two policemen outside a melbourne police station on september 23 . it is believed the two men who masterminded the anzac day plot attended his funeral ( pictured : right ) . the father of one of the teens arrested in the raids , said his son had benefited from his time at the controversial al furqan islamic study centre in south springvale . the teen was interviewed by police all morning before travelling to the magistrates court where he was charged . police are exploring the role played in the plot by neil prakash ( left ) , 23 , who is considered to be the top australian recruiter for isis . earlier , the social media page of besim was discovered , which provided insight into the mind of the alleged terrorist . the 18-year-old 's instagram account features posts with anti-western sentiments and islamic state propaganda . just two days before the teenager was arrested during pre-dawn raids at his melbourne home , he was perusing the facebook page of well-known radical perth-based islamic preacher mohammed junaid thorne . besim , from hallam in melbourne 's south-east , appeared in melbourne magistrates court charged with ' conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for , or planning , terrorist acts ' . days before he arrested , besim was browsing the facebook page of mohammed junaid thorne . hizb ut-ta-khir is an islamic fundamentalist group who have a branch in australia . he was arrested , along with four other teenagers , suspected of planning a terror attack using swords and knives . a number of ' edged weapons ' were seized at some of the properties searched . the father of one of the men arrested , said he believed the controversial al furqan islamic study centre had changed his son 's life for the better . mr besim did not apply for bail and was remanded in custody for a filing hearing on april 24 . ' before he started to pray , ( he ) was in the house aggressive , he broke ( things ) , like a child . but after when he started to pray he really changed behaviour , 100 per cent , ' the father told the abc . ' now he was very good , always . never , never yells , never , never do bad in house . ' he 's always nice talking when i see him , but i ( do ) not see him very much . ' controversial posts uncovered on besim 's instagram page contained strong anti-government sentiments , including one calling u.s. president barack obama ' israel 's b**ch ' . another picture expresses his thoughts on the democratic system of politics . he calls u.s. president barack obama ' israel 's b**ch ' in one of instagram post on his page . another picture on besim 's instagram account expresses his thoughts on the democratic system of politics . one of his posts said ' war on terror , where the invader is considered a hero and the resistor called a terrorist ' . ' democracy is a system whereby man violates the right of allah , ' it said . the hashtag on the post reads : ' do n't vote 4 man made law . ' his instagram account also revealed besim had his facebook account disabled . the father of the boy also said his family had been traumatised by the dramatic raids . the father said he had a gun held to his head for 30 minutes , and police told him : ' one more word i kill you . does n't matter for your kids . ' three other men , also aged 18 and 19 , were arrested separately in narre warren . pictured is one of the homes in the suburb where police made one of several arrest during terror raids . residents living next door to the homes that were raided in the early hours of the morning have described waking to glass smashing , screams and 'fire-cracker like ' noises before seeing lights . ' my wife she starts screaming . police call ambulance to come and help her , ' the father told the abc . ' i notice everything in the house is broken , the door , everything . ' a total of five teenagers were arrested as part of the melbourne joint counter terrorism team operation named operation rising , which saw 200 officers ' raid seven properties on saturday morning . australian federal police acting commissioner michael phelan said the investigation ramped up in recent days after it had become ' very obvious ' the men had ' specific plans ' in place . security at anzac day events across the country has been increased after the incident , with a strong police presence expected . australian federal police acting commissioner michael phelan said the investigation ramped up in recent days after it had become ' very obvious ' the men had ' specific plans ' in place . australian prime minister tony abbott ( right ) and australian federal police deputy commissioner michael phelan ( left ) address a media conference in sydney . mr abbott urged all australians to continue with their anzac day celebration plans as normal .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .