walter scott was jailed in 1987 on a charge of assault and battery , it has been revealed . a report released by the charleston county sheriff 's department on friday says deputies responded to a call about a fight between scott and another man . when deputies told the two to break it up , the report states , scott began shouting obscenities at the other man as well as a deputy before shoving the officer . scott suffered a cut and was treated at a local hospital before being transported to the jail . the disposition of the case was not immediately known . previous : walter scott was jailed in 1987 after shouting obscenities at a man and pushing a deputy . the news comes as another excessive force complaint , as well as a lawsuit , is filed against michael slager stemming from his time on the north charleston police department . slager is the white officer fired this week after being charged with murder in the shooting death of a black man that was captured in a dramatic video . two years ago , a man said slager used his stun gun against him without reason . on friday , a charleston county man came forward alleging that slager did the same thing to him during a traffic stop last year . justin wilson 's suit says that when he was pulled over by police aug. 24 , he produced a valid georgia driver 's license but was placed under arrest for having a suspended south carolina license . the suit alleges that wilson was pulled from his vehicle , forced to the ground and then , although he was cooperating with authorities , slager shot him with his taser . wilson 's lawyer said he would release a statement next week . the historic details are unraveling amid an ongoing investigation into scott 's fatal shooting on saturday . no warrant had been issued for walter scott 's arrest when he ran from officer michael slager moments before he was shot dead . court records show he was $ 7,500 behind on child support when he was pulled over on saturday and had already been jailed three times for missing payments . his family believe the fear of being thrown back in prison was the reason he tried to flee during the deadly traffic stop . but there was nothing directing officers to bring him in to face a family court judge , despite the fact his last payment was only in 2012 . escape : dashcam footage released on thursday shows walter scott running away from his car minutes before he is shot dead by officer michael sager . his family believed he fled over fears he would be arrested for being behind on child support payments . history : scott had already been jailed three times over missed payments , but court records have revealed there was no warrant out for his arrest when he was pulled over . minutes later he was shot dead . in 2008 , after a traffic stop in which he was charged with an open-container violation and driving under suspension , he was sent to jail in charleston for six months for failing to pay about $ 6,800 . in 2011 , bench warrants ordered deputies to bring him in , and scott spent a night in jail when he was $ 7,500 behind . in 2012 , he spent another night in jail when he owed $ 3,500 . on thursday a police dashboard camera video released thursday shows scott bolting from his mercedes after he pulled over . the camera on slager 's patrol car captures him telling scott his third brake light is broken , before asking him to produce insurance papers . scott , who appears to be accompanied by a person in the passenger seat , explains he does not have any documents as he has yet to officially buy the car . ' i have n't bought it yet , i 'm about to do that monday ... . my car is down , ' he says . the officer appears calm , checks his licence , then tells him : ' i 'll be right back with you . ' when slager returns to his vehicle , scott flees , running towards the park where he would die moments later . off camera , a scuffle can be heard , with shouts of ' taser , taser , taser ! ' and ' get on the ground ! ' slager 's account has been called into question after a shocking video taken by a witness shows the officer shooting scott in the back . in the dash cam footage , captured from slager 's patrol car , the officer explains , ' the reason i 've pulled you over is because your third brakelight is out . ' the conversation is muffled , with music playing in slager 's car obscuring the sound . horrifying : scott was gunned down as he ran away from sager , who has since been charged with his murder . killing : walter scott , left , was killed by michael slager , right . scott was in the coast guard for two years , and is pictured left in uniform . slager is being held in jail on murder charges , and is pictured right in his prison mugshot . he can be heard asking scott for his licence , registration and insurance card . scott responds that he does n't have papers as he has not yet to bought the car . ' alright let me see your licence , ' slager replies . ' so you do n't have any papers in the glove pocket ? ' scott repeats that he does not and he is paying for the car on monday . slager returns to his car . a minute later , scott opens the door , and gestures to slager , who shouts , ' you 've got to stay in the car ! ' scott then sits back inside the car - and moments later flees . the only other footage of the incident shows the moment scott was shot . released earlier this week , it begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after slager fires his taser . wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from scott 's body . as scott turns to run , slager draws his pistol and , only when he is 15 to 20 feet away , starts to fire the first of the eight shots at his back . the video shows slager handcuffing scott 's lifeless body .     