the study 's lead researcher said the results are a ' surprise ' , but it 's no excuse to pile on the pounds . for years we have been told that the first step to staying healthy is to keep to a healthy weight - that means making sure your body mass index ( bmi ) is within the normal range of 18 to 24 . few people are advised to gain weight , unless their bmi is below 18 , but could that change ? a study published last week suggests that overweight people are less likely to develop dementia . the researchers , drawn mostly from the london school of hygiene and tropical medicine , analysed the medical records of nearly two million people for up to ten years and found that those who were overweight ( with a bmi of 25 to 29 ) had an 18 per cent lower risk of dementia compared to those with a healthy bmi . remarkably the obese ( with a bmi of 30 plus ) did even better ; they were 24 per cent less likely to develop dementia . being underweight increased the dementia risk by 39 per cent . dr nawab qizilbash , a clinical epidemiologist and the lead researcher , called the results a ' surprise ' , but said it was no excuse to pile on the pounds : ' this is a robust and reliable study that opens up an avenue in the search for factors that protect against alzheimer 's . ' but these results are not that extraordinary . three years ago , an even larger study , published in the journal of the american medical association , reported that overweight people tended to live longer than those of normal weight . the study analysed 100 trials involving three million people . it found that being overweight ( a bmi between 25 and 29 ) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent compared with someone of a normal bmi . more surprising was that even if someone was at the lower end of obese ( bmi of 30 to 34.5 ) their risk of premature death did n't go up . being obese started to reduce lifespan only when your bmi went above 35 - here the risk of dying earlier climbed to 29 per cent greater than those with a normal bmi , according to the study , headed by dr katherine flegal , of the u.s. government centres for disease control . so could being cuddly fat , rather than hugely overweight , protect you against dying early ? being overweight ( a bmi between 25 and 29 ) reduced the risk of premature death by six per cent . professor david haslam , a gp and chairman of the national obesity forum , says something called the obesity paradox is at work : ' obesity increases your chances of developing disorders such as heart disease and type 2 diabetes but once you 've fallen ill , being a bit overweight seems to have a protective effect . ' the obesity paradox had been called ' surreal and unsettling ' , but it does seem to be real . we need to understand it . ' malcolm kendrick , a gp and author with an interest in obesity , claimed in his recent book doctoring data that being overweight was beneficial . he is suspicious of the word ' paradox ' when used with a medical hypothesis : ' it is usually a way of describing something that contradicts your theory . for instance , people who believe high cholesterol causes heart disease use the phrase ' cholesterol paradox ' to explain why countries with high levels of cholesterol have low levels of heart disease . they should admit their theory is wrong . ' he says that what counts as a normal or ' healthy ' bmi has been miscalculated : ' it would make sense if normal was what is now called overweight . ' millions would then not be pushed into losing weight when they did not need to or when it might be harmful . the number of britons who go on a diet in any given year . these ' paradoxical ' results suggest that bmi is too crude a tool on its own to make decisions about what a healthy weight is . it can misclassify athletes packed with muscle as overweight or even obese . equally , current bmi categories give the wrong picture for what might be called the ' fit fat ' ; people who may have a lot of fat but also eat well and exercise regularly . their bmi may classify them as obese , but other markers ( blood sugar , fat levels in their blood and blood pressure ) can all be in the super healthy range . apparently healthy-weight people with little muscle mass because they rarely exercise also make bmi an unreliable indicator of health because rather than storing their fat under the skin , they may carry it in their abdomen , wrapped around their organs and pumping out chemical messengers and hormones linked to diabetes , heart disease and cancer . a tape measure is said to be one way to spot if you have this dangerous fat , but leading obesity expert professor arya sharma , chair in obesity research and management at the university of alberta , disagrees : ' a tape measure still wo n't tell you whether your stomach fat is unhealthy . symptoms such as hypertension , diabetes or sleep apnoea are far more informative . ' current bmi categories give the wrong picture for what might be called the ' fit fat ' . all this suggests it is not a good idea to advise someone to lose weight just on their bmi . professor haslam says : ' i 'd never do that ; i 'd need to know about their diet , how much they exercise , what their blood pressure and blood glucose levels were . ' he welcomes the latest alzheimer 's and obesity research because it should make people more aware of the complexities of the fat debate : ' we 've got too stuck in the idea that when it comes to weight , one size fits all . ' why fatter people should be better protected from alzheimer 's is guesswork , but evidence suggests having more fat reserves when you fall ill is associated with better recovery . ' heavier people have better survival rates , ' says dr flegal . ' if you get pneumonia and lose 15 lb , it helps to have 15 lb spare ' . fat is a vital source of the energy needed for recovery and also helps the immune system . professor haslam says : ' those who are elderly or suffering from long-term conditions should be advised to become fitter , but not to lose weight . ' one of dr flegal 's fiercest critics is professor walter willett , chair of nutrition at harvard school of public health . he , too , is concerned that bmi does not provide the whole picture of someone 's health but has described dr flegal 's research as ' rubbish ' . he is particularly worried her claims could ' undermine public policies to curb rising obesity rates ' . he says they could be ' hijacked by special interest groups such as soft drink manufacturers and food lobbies ' . there is no doubt that being obese , and to a lesser extent overweight , is linked to a raised risk of cancers , diabetes , and other chronic disorders . while you might not die prematurely , at the very least you are likely to have a poor quality of life ; diabetes complications can include blindness , ulcers and amputations . nonetheless professor haslam believes the new findings can not be ignored : ' we need to use them to improve the advice and support we give to patients . it 's not right to try to discredit them for political reasons . '  