a couple accused of kidnapping two amish girls from a produce stand before shackling and sexually abusing them have been offered a plea deal that would spare the girls from testifying . stephen howells , 39 , and his 25-year-old girlfriend nicole vaisey , from hermon , new york , were charged last summer with sexually exploiting the amish girls and other children . they each face kidnapping and federal child exploitation charges after police say they abducted the girls , then seven and 12 , from their family 's farm roadside vegetable stand on august 13 . on tuesday , st. lawrence county district attorney mary rain said that the defendants were advised of the strength of the evidence and offered an agreement to plead guilty in both cases . accused : stephen howells , 39 , and his 25-year-old girlfriend nicole vaisey have been offered a plea deal after being charged last summer with sexually exploiting two amish girls and other children . guilty pleas would mean the victims would n't have to testify , including others who are not publicly known , which rain said is one of her biggest concerns . she declined to disclose the terms offered so it is not clear how much time the duo would serve . their federal trial has been reset for july 6 on charges they coerced minors to make pornographic videos , and they also face kidnapping charges in state court . the amish girls were abducted from the stand in rural oswegatchie , near the canadian border . the incident touched off a massive search in the community of about 4,000 people , but authorities were hampered by a lack of photos of the girls . the amish typically avoid modern technology , and the family had to work with an artist to produce a sketch of the older girl . authorities say the girls were shackled to a bed and sexually abused before they were released 24 hours later and turned up safe at the door of a house in bigelow , new york , belonging to jeffrey and pamela stinson , who drove them home . scene : the two girls , then aged seven and 12 , were abducted from this farm roadside stand in august . fears : authorities can be seen at the family 's farm after the abduction in oswegatchie , near canada 's border . heroic : a day after the girls were abducted and sexually assaulted , they were left at jeffrey and pamela stinson 's home 20 miles from their farm . the couple then returned the girls to their home . howells , a registered nurse at claxton-hepburn medical center , and vaisey , a former dog groomer , were arrested on august 15 after voluntarily going to the sheriff 's office for an interview . this week , investigators told wwny that howells had planned to kill the girls and then bury their bodies to hide the crime but vaisey convinced him to let them go . the original federal indictment said another young girl , now about 8 years old , also was sexually abused by the couple during the two-year span . rain said the defendants have not yet responded to the offer and she declined to say how many victims they 've identified . ' we are still gathering evidence , ' she said . the latest federal indictment , based on computer videos taken from the couple 's rural home in hermon , where authorities say the amish girls were held , listed six victims . sources close to the investigation also told wwny that sexually disturbing video images involving several handicapped adults were found on the couple 's computer hard drive . ' controlled ' : howells dominated vaisey in a sort of master-slave relationship , her lawyers have said . locked up : howells , formerly a registered nurse in ogdensburg , new york , has three children of his own . arrest : vaisey , seen in august , and her boyfriend were arrested after voluntarily going for police interviews . ' everyone is working toward finding a way of resolving this matter , ' said vaisey 's attorney , bradford riendeau . ' a trial is one way . ' he declined to comment on the report from wwny television that howells considered killing the amish girls and vaisey convinced him to let them go . riendeau has maintained that howells dominated vaisey in a sort of master-slave relationship . during a hearing in august , vaisey said that she and howells had been on a ' shopping trip ' for slaves on the day of the kidnapping . calls to howells ' attorney , federal public defender randi bianco , were not immediately returned . the couple 's house was later bought by a neighbor . it was burned down as a fire department training exercise and the debris cleared . howells has three children of his own .