a hotel owner believes he has found the perfect solution for revitalising his flagging business - by converting it into a swingers ' paradise . jon huxley , 46 , hopes to cash in on the fifty shades of grey effect and attract guests from the gay and swinging communities at his hotel westward ho ! in folkestone , kent . he plans to install sex swings , bondage rooms and dungeons and have rooms of differing sizes to cater for couples and multiple groups . jon huxley , standing outside his hotel westward ho ! in folkestone , kent , is looking at ' developing ' his premises to cater for swingers . he hopes the craze in fifty shades of grey , starring jamie dornan as christian grey and dakota johnson as his object of affection anastasia steele , can help transform his business . he said : ' we have plans to attract tourists from the gay and swinging community for short breaks and weekends of adult fun . ' obviously a lot of equipment will need to be installed like swings , bondage rooms , red room of pain and dungeons of delight . ' we would be having these events each weekend and accepting tourist guests during the week . ' food and drink will be provided as part of an all-inclusive hotel package and it would be a civilised and friendly environment . ' mr huxley will be hoping to recreate scenes like this from the hit film fifty shades of grey . clothing will be optional and privacy for our guests will therefore need to be ensured . ' it is not intended to be a seedy or dirty business . it is a respected clientele who enjoy taking their clothes off . ' mr huxley said he has decided to appeal to the swinging community after rowing with the council over the use of grade-ii listed building . jon huxley hopes the change in hotel ethos can see his business grow . for months he had been in a dispute with shepway district council over complaints about its use as a house of multiple occupation for homeless people . councillors voted for an enforcement notice after neighbours complained of anti-social behaviour . mr huxley said the complaints had been about anti-social behaviour and noise from the street rather than from inside the property . he said he would not need a council entertainments licence because there would be no live entertainment , loud music or dancing . asked what locals might think of his plans he said : ' i do not involve myself in what happens behind their closed doors and they should not involve themselves in what happens behind mine . ' i have bills to pay and the income has to come from somewhere . they have seen fit to take away my current source of guests so i have to look for other sources . ' i ca n't attract tourists because there is n't a market for it anymore and that is a fact i have to deal with . ' this is a growing market and i ca n't think of any other market that is growing at the rate of this one . ' fifty shades of grey has been a phenomenal success and this is a sleeping giant in terms of the opportunities that are there . ' mr huxley , who has owned the hotel for 13 years , said the special weekends would be controlled through advance bookings rather than being open to casual callers . they would be advertised predominantly through the internet or word of mouth with some advertising in ' appropriate places ' . a spokesperson for shepway district council told mailonline travel : ' we would expect the owner to contact the council to discuss any licensing requirements , and to obtain listed building consent for internal works . ' the premises has currently got planning permission to be used as a hotel but does not hold a premises licence to sell alcohol . ' anything the owner wishes to use it for outside permitted use may well require planning permission or new licences . ' mr huxley hopes to install swings , bondage rooms , red room of pain and dungeons of delight ( film still from fifty shades of grey ) . it is unknown what the residents in folkestone , kent , will make of mr huxley 's plans .