two hitmen associates of a ‘ freddy krueger’ killer who tried to gun down a rival during london’s bloodiest gang feud have been jailed for a total of 44 years today . christopher annan , 24 , and tyrone wright , 20 , took part in a gun attack on tottenham turks gang member inan eren . the 35-year-old victim , who survived , was ambushed as he arrived home on the evening of 30 december 2012 , shot three times in the arm , stomach and buttock . the attack was led by hitman jamie marsh-smith , 23 , a fearsome hired gun who had earned the nickname ‘freddy’ after the nightmare on elm street killer . jamie marsh-smith ( left ) known as ' freddy ' after the nightmare on elm street character , executed gang boss zafer eren ( right ) . he also took part in the attack on eren 's cousin inan for which two men were jailed today . the deranged freddy krueger . marsh-smith got his nickname carrying out contract hits , including the failed one on inan eren on december 30 , 2012 . he was locked up for at least 38 years in july last year for the attack on mr eren , the murder of crime boss zafer eren , and a botched attempt to kill his own getaway driver samuel zerei , 22 . a jury at the old bailey this afternoon convicted annan and wright of attempted murder after a retrial . they both held their heads in their hands when the verdicts were announced , while cries of ‘ they are innocent’ rung out from the public gallery . judge john bevan qc sentenced both men at 2.15pm . he blamed wright’s parents as the two hitmen were jailed for the gun attack which has left victim inan eren permanently on crutches . annan , the older of the pair , was jailed for 24 years with a five year period of extended licence . wright , who was just 18 at the time of the shooting , was jailed for 20 years . ‘ it gives me no pleasure whatsoever to have to sentence young men such as yourselves for serious gun crime of this kind’ , said judge bevan . he said the ‘ medieval turf war’ between the two turkish families had now reached ‘ epidemic proportions . ’ ‘it’s high time the two families and their connections realise the manipulative and lawless behaviour will have consequences beyond the normal level of punishment , ’ the judge added . ‘ this was professional offending by a gang acting for profit as hitmen , of which jamie marsh-smith was in charge and the leader . ’ the judge said there had been 26 incidents in the drug war between the tottenham turks and the hackney turks since 2009 , including 19 where guns were used . annan was jailed for three-and-a-half years in 2006 , when he was just 16 , for stabbing a boy who had punched him . he was jailed for three years in 2008 for dealing crack cocaine and heroin , and was also convicted of possession of heroin in 2012 . he was jailed for 38 years for the shooting of inan eren , the murder of his cousin and crime boss zafer eren and a botched attempt to kill his own getaway driver . inan eren had given evidence in court on crutches , and still has one of the bullets lodged in his body . he was gunned down by his front door as he desperately tried to get inside to escape the gunmen . ‘ i accept he thought he was going to die , and he was shot in the presence of his wife and child’ , said the judge . the judge added he could not be sure who the gunman was during the attack , but accepted wright had played a lesser role as a junior member of the crew . getaway driver samuel zerei was shot by marsh-smith because he feared he would ‘ blabber . annan , of denham road , whetstone , was told he will serve at least two thirds of his 24 year sentence before being released . wright , of lea bridge road , leyton , was told by judge bevan : ‘ i feel sorry for you for the lack of parental discipline and guidance , which so many young men like you suffer . ’ relatives of the two men stood weeping outside the old bailey for over an hour after the pair were jailed . when jailing marsh-smith in july last year , judge bevan condemned both sides of the turkish gang war that has claimed five lives since 2009 . ‘ the use of the streets of this city for the turks to fight a medieval turf war over drug distribution , in this case using afro-caribbean males as hitmen , is as intolerable as it is unacceptable’ , he said . today’s verdicts are the latest chapter in a ‘ bloody and lethal’ feud between the ‘ tottenham turks’ and the ‘ hackney turks’ criminal gangs in north london that has raged since 2009 . in march 2009 innocent shopkeeper ahmet paytak , 50 , was shot dead at euro food and wines in hornsey road , holloway , by ricardo dwyer , a hitman hired by the hackney turks . dwyer , then 27 , was jailed for 32 years in december 2013 for the attack , which seriously wounded mr paytak 's son huseyin , then 21 . on october 2 , 2009 , tottenham turk member oktay erbasli was shot and killed while driving in tottenham . three days later the tottenham turks took revenge with the shooting of 21-year-old cem duzgun at a social club frequented by hackney turk members in upper clapton road . the feud continued with the murder of ali armagan , 32 , near turnpike lane tube station on february 1 , 2012 . bungling hitman ricardo dwyer ( left ) shot dead innocent shopkeeper ahmet paytak , 50 , in march 2009 at euro food and wines in hornsey road , holloway . then on the evening of december 30 , 2012 , marsh-smith , annan and wright shot inan eren as he arrived home . when mr eren survived the attack , the target shifted to his cousin zafer eren , another leading member of the tottenham turks . at 7.20pm on april 18 , 2013 , zafer was shot as he walked through the security gates to his home at fontaine court off southgate high street in north london . marsh-smith donned a v for vendetta mask before firing seven shots from the pavement , three of which struck mr eren in the back . he then escaped in the back of a burgundy peugeot 308 driven by zerei . four days after that attack , marsh-smith shot zerei in markfield park , tottenham because he feared he would ‘blabber’ . marsh-smith , of ennerdale house , green lanes , manor house , north london , was convicted of murder and two counts of attempted murder . he was jailed for life with a minimum of 38 years . zerei , of hathersage court , newington green , north london , was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 28 years . marsh-smith’s half brother , wayne mcneish , 32 , of west end lane , west hampstead , was jailed for four-and-a-half years in july for perverting the course of justice by helping marsh-smith to flee the country after the shootings .