zoe hadley , also known as zoe hommel , who hanged herself in a hotel room after suffering a mystery illness . the teenage daughter of a leading solicitor hanged herself in a hotel room after years of suffering a mystery illness that left her unable to eat , walk or open her eyes for long periods , an inquest has heard . zoe hadley , 19 , also known as zoe hommel , had been battling an undiagnosed illness since the age of 13 and was found dead at a hotel in putney , south west london last year . an inquest at westminster coroners court heard how her parents , solicitor lisa hommel and her gp father laurence , struggled to treat her condition . the inquest heard how doctors could find no physical cause for her illness and that the teenager refused to accept she had mental health problems . she insisted on having a series of operations , including the removal of her healthy appendix and accused her father of conspiring to fake an operation to make her believe she 'd had a surgery for a prolapse . the inquest also heard that miss hadley suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors , making them think she was not a suicide risk . after her death , notes she had written saying she was ' tormented by voices ' indicating she might have been suffering from schizophrenia , the hearing was told . a statement read to the hearing on behalf of her father , dr hommel , described how he and his wife fought to cope with their daughter’s illness and their vain attempts to help her . he said : ' she was a beautiful , intelligent , loving daughter . ' up until the age of 13 she excelled at school . in 2009 she started to suffer terrible headaches and no physical causes were found . ' she was not eating , drinking or opening her eyes . it took her three months of treatment at great ormond street hospital to open her eyes and look at us , four months to eat solid food , six months before she could get into a wheelchair . the cause of the illness was never found . ' he said she recovered quickly and was ' so determined ' to catch up with her friends after missing nine months of school she did a year’s work in just one month , later coming top of her class . however , she relapsed in april 2011 and became convinced she could not use her legs . her parents tended to her while trying to convince her she was perfectly fit . dr hommel added : ' from the age of 16 she started to go to the doctors to seek diagnoses for a neurological disease she believed she suffered from and seek a cure for her paralysis . ' in september 2011 she cut off all her school friends and never spoke to them again . ' during that time she was bedbound for 18 months in hospital , but decided one day she was better and started getting involved as an actress and planning to go to america to finish her studies , the inquest heard . when she was 18 she had her appendix removed without telling her parents . in may 2014 , after going under anaesthetic for an ' unnecessary operation ' she began to hear voices . she also suffered from obsessive compulsive disorder ( ocd ) and spent three to four hours a day washing herself and her possessions , leaving her skin raw and bleeding . at one point she was admitted to hospital after her body mass index dropped to 15 , the inquest heard . the inquest heard that miss hadley , pictured , suffered from psychosis but hid the condition from doctors , making them think she was not a suicide risk . she was treated at the priory clinic for ocd , but was released because she refused food and doctors feared she would starve herself to death unless she was allowed to return home and be treated there . her father explained : ' we sought expert psychiatric help for her which she rejected . ' she became increasingly psychotic , the voices returned with intensity . she never accepted help . it was unintelligible to her that her illnesses were not physical . we hope she is finally at peace and her soul is in a better place . ' jonathan bindman , who worked at barnet , enfield and haringey mental health trust , took charge of miss hadley’s treatment after she was released from the priory in october 2014 . he diagnosed her with somatoform disorder , an anxiety-related condition whose sufferers feel real pain that can’t be medically explained . however , he said that had she revealed the extent of her psychosis he would have diagnosed her with schizophrenia and given her the treatment she needed . he added : ' zoe was not prepared to cooperate . westminster coroner 's court , pictured , heard how miss hadley was an intelligent and gifted young woman until showing signs of mental illness . ' she experienced delusions around the issue her father and a surgeon had faked an operation and was conspiring against her . ' detective constable william hanlan , who carried out the investigation into her death , said she checked into the mk hotel in putney on the morning of january 26 last year . the next day her body was found by a cleaner . recording a verdict of suicide , westminster coroner fiona wilcox said : ' she was an intelligent , gifted young woman , who until the age of 13 was normal but very clever . ' from 2009 she began to show signs of a serious mental illness . her symptoms were persistent ideas she suffered from some illness that was undiagnosed by doctors . ' she was very intelligent and used her intelligence at times to share with those around her as much as she wanted them to know and did so successfully . ' her illness was incredibly disabling and completely affected every aspect of her life . ' she was suffering from a psychotic illness which impacted on her decision to take her own life . maybe she intended to take her own life to escape from the illness or she took her own life suffering under a delusion . i don’t know . ' her parents , clearly for many years , did everything possible for their daughter who was very clearly troubled and unwell . '