an entire herd of buffalo has been shot dead by law enforcement in upstate new york after they escaped from a farm . around 15 animals ran away from their pen in schodack in rensselaer county on thursday evening and then swam across the hudson river . they then started running down the thruway , a series of toll roads which link up the major cities in the state , including buffalo and new york city . three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of coeymans , about 10 miles south of the state capital albany . scroll down for video . around 15 animals ran away from a farm in schodack , upstate new york , on thursday and then swam across the hudson river . they were all shot dead by law enforcement on friday . the herd are pictured crossing a road in bethlehem , new york . the owner of the farm from where they escaped say the group managed to swim across the hudson river . they then made there way towards bethlehem , new york . an armed law enforcement official stands in the driveway near where the buffalo were on the loose . three men hired by the farm were cleared to open fire friday afternoon in a stream in woods in the town of coeymans , about 10 miles south of the state capital albany . one of the men firing at the animals gets into a heated exchange with officials before another is bundled into a car by deputies . police say the decision was made after experts agreed tranquilizers would not be effective and no portable corrals could hold the animals . george mesick , the farm 's owner , told albany 's times union they must have swam across the river to the town of bethlehem , where they wandered friday morning between interstate 87 and the river 's west bank . the herd crossed a local road at about 11:15 a.m. and ambled onto the thruway in a spot 10 miles south of albany . drivers slowed to avoid the buffalo . the animals safely crossed the northbound lanes and then trotted south on the shoulder into some woods . mesick had previously admitted he had little hope they would be captured unharmed . ' there is a zero percent chance of getting them back right now i think . i just want to get this done with as fast as possible so that no one gets hurt , ' he said earlier on friday . he would have tried to bring the herd in himself , but they are wild and not tame . a police helicopter was hovering over them to make sure the group did not split . the buffalo are seen heading down the side of the interstate next to a sign pointing towards the massachusetts turnpike and boston . vehicles were forced to slow down as they tried to avoid the rampaging animals running beside the busy road . the animals safely crossed the northbound lanes on friday morning and then trotted south on the shoulder into some woods .