a drag queen who was friends with robert durst when he was living as deaf , mute woman has revealed how fascinated the scion was with wigs and make-up . the 71-year-old real estate tycoon used to live on galveston island , on the texas gulf coast and went by the name of dorothy in the early 2000s . clair schuler , who goes by the stage name cici ryder , told click 2 houston that when he met durst he was pretending to be a deaf , mute woman . clair schuler , who goes by the stage name cici ryder , ( pictured ) is a drag queen who was friends with robert durst when he was living as deaf , mute woman . clair schuler told click 2 houston durst was ' very infatuated with the drag queens that performed , and their hair and their make-up , especially the hair and the make-up ' schuler said durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts at garza 's kon-tiki . he said he was not fooled by durst 's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality . ' he was very infatuated with the drag queens that performed , and their hair and their make-up , especially the hair and the make-up , ' said schuler . `` when you saw him in drag honey , eww , it was not pretty . it was blue eye-shadow and red lips , not pretty , '' said schuler . he said that durst was shy and never let anyone touch him or take photos . schuler ( pictured at garza 's kon-tiki ) said durst even carried around a tablet to communicate his thoughts.he said he was not fooled by durst 's apparent deafness and just thought he was an older divorcee coming to grips with his sexuality . schuler said durst was a generous tipper and although there were some strange things about his nature he did not think of him as a threat . a few months later durst was arrested for allegedly killing and dismembering his neighbor , morris black - he was found not guilty . last week durst 's first court date culminated in a shouting match after none of his lawyers ' witnesses showed up . he is awaiting extradition to face murder charges in california appeared in new orleans accused of illegal gun possession . controversial : robert durst , 71 , ( file image pictured ) is now facing the death penalty in california , where he is accused of murdering his longtime friend susan berman in 2000 . his defense team was expected to challenge the case by accusing police of searching durst 's hotel room in the city without a proper arrest warrant . however , as a shackled durst appeared to be sleeping in the courtroom , the judge raged at his attorneys for being unprepared as they requested to delay the hearing . durst was arrested on march 14 on charges of possession of a weapon by a felon and possession of a gun with a controlled substance , which carry a combined maximum sentence of 30 years in prison , but has yet to be formally charged . it was the day before the final hbo episode aired of the jinx : the life and deaths of robert durst . authorities who searched the room , where durst stayed under an alias , claim to have found over $ 42,000 in cash , a revolver , marijuana and a latex mask that could fit over his neck and head . fbi agents arrested durst over fears he would flee the country , the agency has said . on thursday , the judge eventually agreed to postpone the hearing until next week , when the witnesses - two fbi agents and a state trooper - could be charged with contempt of court for failing to appear . long a suspect in the disappearance of his wife , kathleen durst , in 1982 in new york , durst was acquitted in the dismemberment killing of his neighbor in texas in 2003 . he is now facing the death penalty in california , where he is accused of murdering his longtime friend susan berman in 2000 . the real estate heir was temporarily placed on suicide watch soon after his arrest . his lawyers claim his asperger 's syndrome led him to erroneously trust the hbo producers , who screened semi-confessional interviews that will now be used against him in trial . durst , who prosecutors have said is worth up to $ 100 million , has long been estranged from his powerful family , which has major new york real estate holdings . he has been held without bail at a facility for mentally ill inmates about 70 miles ( 110 km ) from new orleans , with local authorities having labeled him a suicide risk .  