triple tragedy : archie brown jr ( pictured ) struck and killed a 2-year-old who ran in front of his van in milwaukee , wisconsin sunday evening . while at the scene an unidentified gunman shot brown and a 15 year old dead . milwaukee police say the driver of a van who struck and killed a 2-year-old has been shot dead at the scene of the accident - possibly in revenge . a 15-year-old boy was also shot and later died - though it 's not clear what his connection to the incident was . police captain timothy heier says the car accident occurred at 5:10pm sunday after the child ran into the street in a residential neighborhood on the 4600 block of north 48th street in milwaukee . the driver remained at the scene and stayed in his van while police arrived . before officers could show up , someone opened fire - shooting the driver in the head . he died at the scene . a 15-year-old boy was also shot and later died at the hospital . police say the teen was not a passenger in the van . the driver 's father identified him as father-of-four archie brown jr , to the milwaukee journal sentinel . police are still looking for the person responsible , and so far they have released few details on the tragic incident . milwaukee alberman joe davis was called to the scene on sunday and gave statements , indicating the shooting may have been carried out in revenge for the little child 's death . scroll down for video . at large : above , the scene of a car accident in milwaukee , wilconsin on sunday . police say no suspects have been brought into custody . revenge ? police have released few details on the shooting . however a local alderman suggested that the shooting was carried out in revenge of the child 's death . ' i know that the people in that house may have been very , very upset about the incident — the vehicular incident that occurred , but you don’t solve these types of things with guns , and start shooting and taking other people’s lives , ' davis said . archie brown sr told the journal sentinel that police showed him a picture of the victim , who he identified as his son , and learned that he had been shot in the head . archie brown sr. identified his son , father-of-four archie brown jr. , as the driver who was shot in the head and killed at the scene . brown sr said his son was a real estate entrepreneur and landlord who leaves behind four daughters - the youngest just six months old . ' my son 's just been murdered , ' brown sr said in a phone call just after speaking with investigators . brown 's half brother riles rilley also spoke with the journal sentinel and said that brown was the co-owner of seven west nightclub . ' just a good person all around . never had any enemies . always looking to do the right thing , ' he said .