a young man whose former 26-stone bulk drove him to a suicide attempt has lost more than half his bodyweight and become a ripped gym instructor . nathan priestley , 21 , from norwich , norfolk , was once dubbed ‘ jabba the hutt’ by bullies and became so depressed over his size that he refused to leave his house for a year . he was just 18 when he took an overdose of 30 pills , but survived , ironically , because he hadn’t taken enough to defeat his massive frame . scroll down for video . from bulk to hulk : nathan priestley , 21 , from norwich , norfolk , pictured before ( left ) and after ( right ) his staggering weight loss , was once dubbed ‘ jabba the hutt’ by bullies . following his suicide attempt in september 2011 , something snapped in nathan and he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around . within two years , he had shrunk to 14 stone . during the first year , he would only exercise in the dark from fear others would mock his efforts as he struggled to start shedding the pounds . nathan ran the streets in the dead of night when no-one was around and turned off the lights so he could use a treadmill at his local gym unseen . after a year , nathan started using weights to tone his slimmed-down figure , and was so successful he landed himself a job as a personal trainer . nathan , now a trim 13 stone , said : ' i was always overweight as a kid and as i grew up the bullying contributed to that because i tended to comfort eat . ' others would throw sweets at me when i was on the bus and call me `` fatty '' , `` fat mess '' and `` jabba the hutt '' . transformation : nathan 's former 26-stone bulk ( left ) drove him to a suicide attempt when he was only 18 , but he has since lost more than half his bodyweight and is now a ripped gym instructor ( right ) . following his suicide attempt , something snapped in nathan , pictured before his weight loss , and he made the decision to stop wallowing in self-pity and turn his life around . during the first year , he would only exercise in the dark from fear others would mock his efforts as he struggled to start shedding the pounds . ' it was at that period in high school where i started to become really self-conscious about my weight . ' i didn’t leave the house for a year and the only time i would leave my room would be to go downstairs to get food . ' nathan added : ' my parents were really worried about me and tried to tell me to go and see somebody for help . ' after the failed suicide i realised that i needed to turn my life around and i started to diet . ' it was scary going outside and i was too afraid to leave the house because i thought people would be judging me . before his lifestyle overhaul , nathan was a sugar addict who gorged on bacon and egg butties , chocolate bars and greasy takeaways . he then went cold turkey and cut out junk food , chocolate , crisps and alcohol , and said he was left suffering from flu-like symptoms as a result . nathan snacked on cashew nuts and went on a strict low-carb diet which helped him lose a stone a month for eight months . in progress : nathan said , ' i never went to the gym at the beginning because i had no confidence , so for the first month it was purely diet ' . he added , ' when i did eventually start going to the gym , i used to run in a darkened room which was there for people with low self-esteem ' ' i never went to the gym at the beginning because i had no confidence so for the first month it was purely diet . ' then i would get up at three or four in the morning to go for a jog because i didn’t want anybody to see me . ' when i did eventually start going to the gym , i used to run in a darkened room which was there for people with low self-esteem . ' by september 2013 - exactly two years after his suicide attempt - nathan had dropped 14 stone , and has spent the last year dedicating his time to building the perfect body . nathan now plans to enter body building competitions to showcase his transformation . old ways : before his lifestyle overhaul , nathan was a sugar addict who gorged on bacon and egg butties , chocolate bars , alcohol and greasy takeaways , all of which he then quit cold turkey . ' i just want to show that it is possible to achieve what you want and it is never too late to get to where we want to be in life , ' he said . ' i am so much happier now and my life at the moment has completely changed around from where it was three years ago . ' he added : ' i am single but i do get attention from girls that i obviously would n't have got before . ' i want to show the people that bullied and harassed me that no matter how hard they beat me down , i will achieve more than them . ' if you’re unhappy with yourself , nothing is impossible and you should follow your dreams to become the absolute best version of yourself . ' reformed : by september 2013 - exactly two years after his suicide attempt - nathan had dropped 13 stone , and has spent the last year dedicating his time to building the perfect body . breakfast : smoked salmon with egg and avocado . lunch : turkey salad . snack : cashew nuts or beef jerky . dinner : chicken and vegetables .  breakfast : two bowls of cereal and a bacon and egg sandwich . lunch : takeaway burger or fish and chips . snack : crisps and a chocolate bar . dinner : healthy family cooked meal . snack : sainsbury’s meal deal . 