england suffered an injury scare at the start of their practice ' match ' here in st kitts when stuart broad dramatically slipped in his delivery stride and was left clutching his ankle on the floor . broad had complained about the state of the crease , which was damp after overnight rain , after bowling just three balls of his first over of the day at warner park . the groundsmen placed sand on the crease but from the very next delivery broad slipped and went crashing to the ground , a blow which necessitated lengthy treatment before he left the field . stuart broad limps out of england 's warm-up match in saint kitts after slipping over during his delivery . broad looked to be in considerable pain after the fall and was accompanied by physio craig de weymam . broad required lengthy treatment on the pitch after clutching his left ankle following his fall . broad looked in some pain as he lay on the ground following his dramatic fall while bowling . the team 's medical staff rushed out to the middle to treat broad following his fall . the warner park crease was damp following over night rain , causing the england bowler to slip . broad went off to receive ice treatment and returned to the action shortly afterwards . england captain alastair cook ( right ) watches on as ground staff make running repairs to the crease . broad in full stride during his first over as england take on a saint kitts and nevis invitational xi . broad was able to walk off himself and after ice treatment should return to the action . england there are no long-term effects but it is a concern for them with the first test against west indies starting on monday in antigua . it added to the sense of farce surrounding what has become a practice session rather than a second match against one of the worst teams england can ever have played . england attempted to make the most of a bad lot when they loaned jonathan trott , gary ballance and jonny bairstow to their opponents to give them additional practice . but the move backfired for trott who edged jimmy anderson to third slip off just the third ball of the day and departed for a duck to follow the 72 he made on his return to england colours on monday . jonathan trott , who had switched to the saint kitts team , was removed for a duck by james anderson . shane jeffers of saint kitts is bowled by england 's ben stokes on day one of the second warm-up match . stokes celebrates with wicketkeeper jos buttler after taking the wicket of jeffers . 