a catalogue of failings have been uncovered at two nhs hospitals after seven babies and three mothers died there in the space of just eight months . independent investigators were called into royal oldham after the deaths of four babies and two mothers , and north manchester general after the deaths of another three babies and one mother . lisa parkisson , 35 , died at oldham royal 48 hours after giving birth in april this year , while newborn thomas beaty died at the same hospital in june after doctors pushed him back into the womb during birth . lisa parkisson , 35 , ( left with son zac ) died 48 hours after giving birth at oldham royal in june last year . thomas beaty ( right ) died from at the same hospital after doctors forced him back into the womb . a summary of the investigation , which was kept secret from the families of the dead until now , has been seen by mailonline and found ' notable absence of clinical leadership ' in the maternity wards , and a ' failure to adequately plan care ' in a number of cases . a team of independent investigators also found risk management was ' below standard ' in some cases - though there were no apparent ' deficiencies in care ' in the deaths of the three mothers . the report noted that several of the mothers were obese or morbidly obese , which can lead to complications , but that national guidelines for treating overweight people were not followed . officials also criticised the hospital 's own investigations , saying the root cause of the deaths was not always identified , opportunities to learn lessons were not always picked up , and that some recommendations were too general and difficult to measure . all of the deaths are believed to have occurred between december 2013 , and july last year . in one case mother lisa parkisson , 35 , also died 48 hours after giving birth to her son zac in june this year . in another case newborn thomas beaty died from head injuries in april after medics forced him back into the womb during birth . doctors had also tried and failed to remove him from the womb five times using forceps , despite national guidelines only recommending three attempts . while his death was not included in the review , staff at north pennine acute hospitals nhs trust , which controls the two hospitals , have asked investigators to look into it . martin beaty , the father of thomas , said : ' ten deaths in eight months is sickening . but i 'm not surprised . independent investigators found failings in care and hospital leadership at oldham royal following the deaths of four babies and two mothers there in eight months . the report , which also looked into the deaths of three babies and another mother at north manchester general , found that national guidelines for treating obese mothers were also not followed . ' the standard of care we received during and after thomas died gives me zero confidence in their organisation , structure and accountability . ' i 'm angry we were not informed [ about the report ] , even if out of courtesy . it feels like they 're trying to cover each other 's backs . ' but i 'm fully behind any action that makes sure this sort of thing is prevented in the future . ' pennine acute is in the process of producing an action plan based on the recommendations from the findings . they include strengthening clinical leadership and risk management , making sure enough staff are on duty to ensure safety and reviewing the process for employing temporary locum doctors . royal oldham hospital 's new maternity unit , children 's unit and neonatal intensive care unit opened in december 2012 . the £44m facility became one of three specialist greater manchester neonatal centres as part of a controversial £120m shake-up which saw maternity units shut in bury , rochdale and salford . gill harris , chief nurse at pennine acute , said : ' the trust is always keen to learn and to improve care . we commissioned a review by experts from outside the trust to look at the details of a small number of maternity cases at our hospitals . ' we are now considering that report and are developing a number of actions as a result to make some improvements to ensure we continue to provide the best quality of care for our patients . ' we deliver 10,000 babies each year and would like to reassure families about the safety of maternity services at our hospitals , but if any expectant mother has a concern they can contact their designated midwife to discuss this . ' a spokeswoman for the care quality commission , the health regulator , said : ' cqc is aware that pennine acute hospitals nhs trust has recently initiated an external review into its maternity services and we are in close liaison with the trust , nhs england and local ccg regarding the review findings . '