jemma peacock ( pictured on her wedding day ) says the nhs is denying her two daughters ( pictured ) their mother by refusing to fund a life-saving drug . a terminally-ill cancer sufferer has accused the nhs of denying her two daughters their mother by refusing to fund a potentially life-extending drug . jemma peacock , 31 , suffers from a rare form of stomach cancer and is currently taking three drugs to try to prolong her life . the third and most effective drug - regorafenib - costs the nhs around £1,000 a week to provide and has been removed from the health service 's approved list of treatments . mrs peacock , who lives with her husband tony and daughters kacie , six , and willow , four , in storrington , west sussex , has wild-type gastrointestinal cancer , which causes tumours to grow in the stomach and intestines . the mother-of-two , who is yet to tell her young children about her condition , says she can not afford to buy regorafenib privately and has called on nhs england to reverse their decision . she said : ' the final drug is the most effective and it is heart breaking they have removed it from the treatment list . ' the cancer that i have is extremely rare and the research into it is limited so it angers me that they are removing a drug that has been proven to work . ' i am lucky that i have managed to spend 14 months on the first drug , imatinib , in the series but i know that it will soon have no effect on my body . ' the second drug , sutan , is not very effective and i know that when i have to be put on it i will have minimal time left . ' you can buy regorafenib privately but that costs £3,700 a month and i do n't have that kind of money . ' family members have offered to sell their houses and belongings to pay for my treatment but i ca n't accept that . ' i can not ask my family to put their lives on hold when i might only get another year of life . ' mrs peacock ( pictured with daughters kacie , left , and willow , right ) , who has a rare form of stomach cancer , has been refused a drug which could help her battle the disease . the mother-of-two , who set up a 100,000-strong petition for the drug regorafenib to be funded , has not told her daughters that she has cancer . mrs peackock , who lives in storrington , west sussex , with her daughters and husband tony , has wild-type gastrointestinal cancer , which causes tumours to grow in the stomach and intestines . after nhs england removed the drug from their list of treatments in january this year , mrs peacock launched a petition calling on the nhs to reinstate it . more than 100,000 people have signed it , meaning mps will have to discuss the issue in parliament when they return to the commons after the election - but by then mrs peacock 's cancer may have progressed . despite thousands joining her cause , mrs peacock is yet to tell her daughters that she has cancer . ' i do not want to scare them with what i am going through , ' she said . ' we had to watch my dad die of lung cancer just 18 months ago and the girls found that really tough as they were very close to him . ' if i told them i had cancer it would scare them and no parent wants to scare their child . i do spoil them more then what other parents would but who can blame me . ' i want them to have as many happy memories with us as a family as possible before i get too ill and i can no longer enjoy the time i have . ' i think about the conversation i will have to have with them in the future and it heart wrenching that i will have to tell my daughters i will soon not be here anymore . ' but i know that i have to push that conversation to the back of mind and enjoy the time i have left with my family . ' the nhs currently spends in the region of £1.3billion on cancer drugs a year , and receives a further £200million annual boost from the cancer drugs fund - which helps to fund treatments for rare forms of the disease . nhs england then decides what drugs this money goes towards , with a ruling in january removing regorafenib from the fund 's list because the treatment 's effectiveness did not represent ' sufficient value for retention ' . the report found that , on average , it cost £4,493 to provide a four-week cycle of regorafenib to a patient , with the average recipient needing the drug for 23 weeks . nhs england declined to comment .