psv eindhoven midfielder georginio wijnaldum has fuelled speculation that he is eyeing a move to the premier league in the summer . in an interview with sky sports , the 24-year-old reveals that he has the ambition to play for a ' great club ' in a major european league . wijnaldum - who has netted 16 goals in all competitions for the dutch giants this season - has been linked with a move to manchester united , arsenal and newcastle . psv captain georginio wijnaldum has favourited a tweet linking him with a move to the premier league . wijnaldum favourited sky sports ' tweet that linked with a move to manchester united , arsenal and newcastle . and it appears that the notion of playing at either old trafford , the emirates or st james ' park appeals to the holland international as he favourited the sky sports ' tweet on wednesday promoting their interview with him . the psv captain could help his club help end their seven-year wait for the eredivisie title if they beat heerenveen at home on saturday . and while he admits he is happy in eindhoven , after having spoken to english-based holland team-mates while on international duty - the lure of playing in the premier league is a tempting one . ' i am happy at psv but i am a player with a lot of ambition , ' wijnaldum said . ' i want to play in a stronger league than the eredivisie . the 24-year-old ( right ) has scored 16 goals in all competitions for psv this season from midfield . ' with my quality i feel i can bring a lot to a team that i will join . i want to show it in the big leagues ; england , italy , spain , germany and france . ' i speak with leroy fer and tim krul about england a lot . tim has been in england since he was 17 . he only says good things about england and living in newcastle . ' the stadium is big with 50,000 people , the fans are great and life is great there . ' you have better players and teams in england and for myself it is better to play in a better league against better players . ' wijnaldum ( right ) says he speaks to holland international team-mates leroy fer and tim krul about england .