the idea of a device that constantly keeps an eye on your home and can tell you which electrical devices are running at any one time , may sound appealing when it comes to saving energy and money . now there’s a device called neurio that claims to make any ' ordinary home smart’ and even tells you when you 've accidently left lights on . the $ 250 ( £168 ) device recognises the electronic signature of different devices - such as kettles and washing machines - allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone . scroll down for video . one device to rule them all : a $ 250 ( £168 ) device called neurio ( pictured ) claims to make ‘ an ordinary home smart’ . it recognises the electronic signature of different devices , such as kettles and washing machines , allowing users to keep an eye on their energy consumption and even control appliances through their phone . ‘ we are trying to create one sensor that can make every home smart , ’ ali kashani , co-founder of neurio told fast company . ‘ it creates that intelligence for all of the dumb products that are already in your home and that you do n't want to replace . ’ its website says : ‘ using a wi-fi power sensor and a cloud service with some smart pattern detection algorithms , neurio monitors your home 's electricity to figure out what your appliances are up to - without the need to install sensors on every device . ’ neurio feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it’s recognised back to an app , where users can make decisions about how to save power and money by turning gadgets off , for instance . these screenshots show the home screen ( left ) , appliances recognised ( centre ) and usage for one day ( right ) . the neurio sensor is plugged into the house’s breaker panel , or circuit box . it measures both differential voltage and current signals every split second and these signals are used to calculate power and energy consumption . the measurements are sent to the neurio cloud where algorithms identify appliances and behaviours based on unique electronic signals . when the algorithms detect that a device has been turned on or off , or a user returning home , they notify the neurio app and services such as ifttt which allows devices to be controlled from smartphones . the app , which is available for ios and android phones and tablets , gives users real-time feedback about their home . it tells them which appliances are greedily consuming energy , for example . the device plugs into a breaker box , or circuit box in a house where it gradually learns to recognise the electric ‘signature’ of different gadgets and appliances . users can train neurio to recognise a light bulb for example , by flicking a light on and off to tell the accompanying app what to detect . alternatively , an algorithm allows it to learn for itself based on crowdsourced information , to tell it what a microwave’s signature looks like , for example . neurio feeds information about energy consumption of the devices it’s recognised back to an app , where users can make decisions about how to save power and money by turning gadgets off , for instance . ‘ it you will even gently nag you if you forget to turn off the lights before going to bed , ’ the website says . ‘…some customers have saved as much as 44 per cent on their energy usage . ’ because it monitors the home around the clock , neurio can give owners peace of mind if they think they have left their oven switched on , for example . the device monitors a home around the clock so it can tell users if they have left their oven on , if their washing is finished and if the water is cold ( all illustrated ) . when used with another app , neurio can be used to turn appliances and household devices on and off remotely . it can also be used to keep an eye on inhabitants , by showing if relatives are eating regularly or if children are spending too long watching television , for example . the device can send reminders to take washing out of the machine when the cycle is complete , for example . and it also allows users to control home appliances remotely by using apps such as ifttt , to start a washing machine while they are out , for example . neurio is open platform so it can work with smart devices such as the nest thermostat too .