between iphones , flat-screens and designer headphones , australians are spending more on technology than ever . a new report from suncorp bank suggests australian 's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year . the report found australians spent $ 20 billion on digital devices and services - or on average $ 2,300 each - on technology and communication devices in the last 12 months . a new report from suncorp bank suggests australian 's have spent 50 per cent more on digital devices than they planned in the last year , with mobile phone bills as the biggest expense . men spent twice as much as women on computers , digital accessories , mobile apps , and streaming services . on average , men spent $ 2618 over the last 12 months , $ 475 more than women . the report also found that families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles , couples without children and empty nesters . ' the report found adults without children living at home spent an average of $ 2,006 on technology and communication each year , while those costs ballooned to $ 2,993 per adult if they have at least one child under their roof , ' said suncorp bank regional manager , monique reynolds . the report also found that families with children living at home are spending 50 per cent more to stay digitally connected to the world than singles , couples without children and empty nesters . despite the mounting costs , the report revealed over one third of households do n't budget for technology or wildly underestimate how much they will spend . mobile phone bills were the biggest expense , and also the biggest disparity for families . ' call and data plans for phones and internet were the largest single expense for households , and accounted for the greatest spending divide , costing $ 244 extra for families with children at home . ' despite the mounting costs , the report revealed over one third of households do n't budget for technology or wildly underestimate how much they will spend . ' a quarter of australians who use these services have no idea how much they pay for them . ' 