mini-bottles of shampoo and complimentary bottles of fizz have come to be expected as standard hotel fare among discerning travellers . in order to really stand out from their competitors , these properties now need to offer guests the finest - and , in some cases , the quirkiest - in over-the-top amenities and services . whether it 's a temporary pet fish , placed in your room and cared for by hotel staff , or a ' best man for hire ' to help make a couple 's special day that much better , these hotels have redefined what it means to go the extra mile . mailonline travel looks at the world 's most unusual , excessive hotel amenities . at over 50 locations of the kimpton hotel chain in the us , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room . a pet goldfish . at over 50 locations around the us and canada , the kimpton hotel chain offers a special service for those feeling a bit lonely while travelling . called the ' guppy love ' program , staff will put a goldfish in any guest 's room for the duration of their stay . and you do n't even need to worry about feeding or caring for your temporary pet , as the hotel staff are responsible for caring for your stress-reducing and calming 'in-room amenity ' . reportedly , such an odd feature may prove to be especially beneficial to those on a business trip , as aquariums are believed to reduce anxiety and lower blood pressure . unsurprisingly then , the hotel will also place a fish in on-site meeting rooms and banquet halls . at the namale resort & spa in fiji , couples are ' kidnapped ' and whisked away for a picnic lunch in paradise . a ' kidnapping ' and picnic . at fiji 's namale resort & spa , couples start a romantic afternoon picnic in paradise off in a very unusual way . at some point during each couple’s stay at the resort on beautiful vanua levu island , they are ‘kidnapped’ and taken to a surprise location for a private four-course picnic . some of the stunning locations include a waterfall and cave . at the club hotel & spa in st. helier , jersey , a sunshine butler is on hand to polish sunglasses . a ' sunshine butler ' . for those who need a hand when it comes to poolside pampering , the club hotel & spa in st. helier , jersey , has just the ticket . the resort has a sunshine butler on hand to polish sunglasses , hand out sunscreen , and provide iced towels and fresh watermelon to guests relaxing on loungers . his name is chris and he 's a hotel staffer of several years who was selected because of his ' sunny personality . ' need a little extra help getting ready for your big day ? wild dunes resort offers a ' best man for hire ' service . a best man ' for hire ' . getting your significant other to say ' yes ' is just half the battle . for all those grooms-to-be who have n't yet decided who to ask to be their best man , the wild dunes resort in charleston , south carolina , has you covered . inspired by the character of jimmy , played by kevin hart , in the wedding ringer , the resort has hired a charming , endlessly entertaining ' best man for hire . ' at the south carolina resort hotel , you can hire a go-to charming , endlessly entertaining ' best man ' . the best man will be there for anything the groom requires , whether that be helping out during the initial planning stages or serving as right-hand wingman on the big day . and do n't worry about this newbie delivering a believable wedding toast . the best man will be expected to add a colourful speech to entertain the guests . at rosewood hotels around the world , a fragrance butler is on hand to help you find your signature scent . a fragrance butler . with the stringent on-board liquid restrictions on flights , such a service is needed now more than ever . at rosewood hotels around the world , a quick call to the concierge will find a white-gloved fragrance butler sent to your room . he carries 10 scents at all times - five for women and five for men - on a silver platter . whether your prefer hermes or chanel , there 's a high-end designer fragrance to suit all tastes . for those who 've ever wanted to have a pillow fight in a luxury hotel , head to the ritz-carlton palm beach . a ‘ family pillow fight’ package . admit it : you 've always wanted to have a good old fashioned pillow fight in the comfort of a five-star hotel room . now , the the ritz-carlton palm beach , is offering families the chance to do just that . the family pillow fight turndown service provides guests with 30 brightly coloured silk pillow , two sets of child size boxing gloves , and game suggestions to help you make the most out of your battle royale . and , once you 've tired yourself out , the entire family can sit down to a midnight snack of milk and cookies . the entire package costs $ 60 ( or about £41 ) . ride a wave ! loews coronado bay resort & spa offer a su'ruff camp for your lovable pet pooch . dog surfing lessons . it 's difficult enough for human to learn how to surf , but at loews coronado bay resort & spa in california , instructors are up to the challenge of teaching your pet pooch how to catch a wave . known as the su'ruff camp , the programme first began back in 2005 . the entire hotel is dog friendly , and provides guests and their furry friends with maps of local dog walking routes and even poop scoop bags for your stay . while they are n't allowed in the hotel pools , man 's best friend is allowed to run leash-free at the nearby coronado dog beach . for $ 389 ( or £264 ) , you and your pup will receive a one night stay at the hotel , a one hour surf lesson , a bandanna and board shorts for your dog and an in-room meal . for those looking to explore their scottish ancestry , the balmoral hotel 's tartan butler is here to serve . a tartan butler . for all those curious about their scottish ancestry , or simply eager to see if they can pull off the tartan trend , this amenity offered at the balmoral hotel in edinburgh will be of particular interest . andy fraser is the ' tartan butler , ' and a master at tracing scottish lineage . once he manages to track down your clan , he can then help to arrange a trip to one of the city 's most established kilt shops to pick out their pattern and have their own garment stitched . and if you 'd really like to follow in your family 's footsteps , fraser can even arrange a bespoke tour of your ancestor 's region . if you 're staying at one of the taj boston 's 42 fireplace suites , a fireplace butler will help you select your wood . a fireplace butler . the staff at the taj hotel in boston sure do take their wood seriously . those staying in one of the hotel 's 42 junior and executive suites not only have a parlour with a working wood-burning fireplace , but also a fireplace butler on hand to help guests select the perfect , crackling firewood . the seasonal service is available from november to march and the ' firewood menu ' is every bit as extensive as you would expect in a city where winter nights reach bitter cold temperatures . wood available includes birch , cherry , oak , maple and the signature ' taj blend . ' in the edgy venice beach neighbourhood in la , hotel erwin offers guests access to their in-house tattoo artist . an in-house tattoo artist . in the edgy venice beach neighbourhood of california , hotel erwin has a particularly rock and roll amenity on offer : the use of an in-house tattoo artist . visitors will receive a $ 100 ( £68 ) voucher for a tattoo from the in-house artist with the special ' ink and stay ' package . also provided is lubriderm lotion , an ice pack and a bottle of tequila - conceivably to help numb the pain . and if anyone gets a tattoo that reads , ' i ♥ hotel erwin , ' that guest will receive a $ 500 ( £339 ) bonus . film lovers from around the world can enjoy flicks picked by industry insiders at the w hotel in london . films hand-selected by industry insiders . cinephiles visiting london will be thrilled to learn that the w hotel - leicester square is now offering guests access to a curated library of films from four industry leaders . the ' w film files , ' as the programme is called , offers guests a selection of specially curated films - from the likes of the producer of the king 's speech and the costume designer of harry potter - along with explanations about why the experts picked the flicks that they did . plus , the hotel even boasts state of the art screening suites to allow visitors the chance to view their favourite picks in extreme comfort .