manchester city have ' let themselves down ' this season and the squad have had ' a lot of honest conversations ' since the 4-2 defeat at manchester united nine days ago , says england goalkeeper joe hart . the premier league champions have had a disappointing campaign under manager manuel pellegrini and are down in fourth position , 12 points behind runaway leaders chelsea with five matches left to play . ' we are not in the place where we wanted to be , we wanted to be really challenging for the title like we 've done in previous years , ' hart told the club website on tuesday . joe hart has been lamenting the premier league champions ' fall from grace this season . juan mata wheels away after scoring in manchester united 's 4-2 derby win on april 12 . frank lampard ( left ) , hart and team-mates have had ' honest ' chats following defeat at old trafford . ' we 've got to be honest and win these last games and see where it takes us . we 've let ourselves down at key moments . ' it 's a difficult league to win . the two times we 've won it , it 's gone right to the wire , ' hart added of their title triumphs in 2012 and 2014 . ' this season , in a lot of games we 've played well but teams have tended to raise their game against us . it 's just how it is , that 's not me moaning . ' hart said the defeat at third-placed united earlier this month was a particularly tough pill for him and his team mates to swallow . coach manuel pellegrini has come under increasing pressure at the etihad this season . sergi aguero ( 2nd left ) scores against west ham to get city 's season back on track . ' it was a difficult day , emotional to lose the derby in the manner we did after starting so well , ' he added , referring to the eighth-minute lead given to city by sergio aguero . ' there 's been a lot of reflection , a lot of honest conversations . it was a tough result to take . ' this is my club . it was a bad result to lose with the great rivalry we have and the positions in the league . ' city , who will finish with no silverware to show for their efforts this season , entertain fa cup finalists aston villa in the league on saturday .