the former navy seal who killed osama bin laden will host a ' machine gun fun ' shooting competition at a conservative fundraising event which costs $ 50,000 a ticket . robert o'neill , who claims the distinction of personally shooting dead the al qaeda leader , will treat specially-invited guests to a weekend shooting retreat in jackson hole , wyoming . potential attendees were contacted by the right-leaning for america non-profit and told to write back by may 10 for a chance to open fire alongside o'neill . shoot with the shooter : supporters of a conservative nonprofit were offered the change of a luxury stay in wyoming with robert o'neill , pictured while still in the navy , which would include a ' machine gun fun ' contest . citing ' security reasons ' , the invitation , acquired by the washington post , did not say exactly when the event would be - but was clear about the hefty price tag . for their substantial donation , guests will be put up in the amangani resort hotel , a sprawling luxury complex perched in the rocky mountains , on the edge of the grand teton national park . also included is the jackson hole shooting experience , which will see clay pigeon shooting , pistol events as well as the ' machine gun fun ' session . the shooting will take the form of a competition , in which guests will try to beat o'neill 's score . lock and load : part of the double-handed trip would see guests try out the jackson hole shooting experience , including pistols , clay pigeon shooting as fully automatic weapons . the gun range is pictured above . lush : guests would be housed at the amangani resort hotel , a mountain hotel complex on the edge of a national park . he has described his shooting prowess in great detail previously , specifically how he hit terrorist leader bin laden three times in the head , ending his life . describing the top-secret 2011 raid on his compound in abbottabad , pakistan , o'neill wrote : ' he 's got a gun within reach . he 's a threat . i need to get a head shot so he wo n't have a chance to clack himself off [ blow himself up ] . ' in the account for esquire magazine - written while he was still anonymous - o'neill continued : ' in that second , i shot him , two times in the forehead . bap ! bap ! ' ' the second time as he 's going down . he crumpled onto the floor in front of his bed and i hit him again , bap ! same place . ' that time i used my eotech red-dot holo sight . he was dead . not moving . his tongue was out . i watched him take his last breaths , just a reflex breath . ' a spokesman for o’neill told the washington post that he was participating in the big-money event ' as a favor to a friend who has been helping him out ' . on its website , foramerica claims to spearhead a new conservative movement on social media . its introductory texts says that conservatives are ' outnumbered and being hit on both flanks ' , which it identifies as ' the radical left ' and moderate republicans . o'neill leaped into the public spotlight last autumn , coming forward to identify himself as the solider previously known only as the shooter on veterans ' day last winter . he spoke at length to fox news about his exploits in a two-part documentary , and has made numerous speaking engagements since . however , his public discussions of a top-secret mission have angered many in the seals , including top commanders who said he was breaking the organization 's code of honor by seeking fame . it later emerged that he was being investigated by the naval criminal investigative service for allegedly revealing classified information . an ncis spokesman today confirmed that the investigation is still active .