more than 70 animals have been seized from a filthy mobile home belonging to an animal hoarder banned from keeping pets . police raided the house of john koepke , in wittmann , arizona and found 54 dogs and 18 cats living in disgusting , cramped conditions . footage of the raid showed the animals clambering across the furniture as officers from maricopa county sheriff 's office making their way across the excrement laden , urine-stained carpet to rescue the pets . scroll down for video . more than 70 animals have been seized from a filthy mobile home belonging to john koepke who was banned from keeping pets . one of the cats at the mobile home in arizona was found nursing a set of three young chihuahua puppies in a box . incredibly , one of the cats was found nursing a set of three young chihuahua puppies . what happened to the chihuahua 's mother is not yet known . ' at least the cat was saving some animals , ' said sheriff joe arpaio in a press statement , ' i wont say the same thing for this guy . ' another cat in the video appeared to have a serious injury to its left eye while the body of a further feline was also discovered at the home . many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems and are currently being assessed by veterinary experts . the incredible feline has taken over the role of mother for the three puppies - it is not known what happened the dog 's biological parent . footage of the raid showed revealed the disgusting environment the pets were forced to live in such as excrement left on the floor . ' their eyes are matted shut and they 're weeping , ' officer christopher hegstrom , spokesman for maricopa county sheriff 's office , told nbc news , apparently referring to the animals . koepke had been ' highly emotional ' and refused to surrender his animals to the deputies on wednesday , calling them ' his children . ' the 71-year-old had already been made subject to a ban which prevented him from keeping any pets until may 2015 after an animal hoarding case in 2011 . he will be charged with 72 counts of failure to provide shelter and could face thousands in medical bills once the cats and dogs have been fully assessed . many of the animals seized appeared to be suffering with medical problems and are currently being assessed by veterinary experts . koepke had been ' highly emotional ' and refused to surrender his animals to the deputies on wednesday , calling them ' his children ' .