former cuban president fidel castro has appeared in public for the first time in more than a year , his first since his country reached a landmark agreement with the us to reestablish ties . the state-run cubadebate website says castro greeted a group of venezuelans visiting the capital of havana . cubadebate on friday published four images that show castro sitting inside a bus , each with a different person stretching an arm through the window to shake his hand . images of fidel castro meeting with venezuelan visitors to havana were reported in cuban media on friday , though the encounters were said to take place on monday . the meetings , with photos taken inside castro 's bus , are the former president 's first public appearance since january 2014 . castro 's face is largely obscured by a dark-colored baseball cap . he sports longish gray hair and a beard . the website said the encounter occurred monday , but did not explain the delay in publishing the photos . he is shown shaking hands , which cubandebate said occurred ' for hours , ' with venezuelans in havana who had come for solidarity events . castro will turn 89 on aug. 13 . he was last seen in public at the inauguration of an artist 's studio in january 2014 . in february and march of this year , official cuban media published photographs of castro taken during private meetings with a cuban student leader and with venezuelan president nicolas maduro . state media reports about the event said that castro was ' full of vitality ' and shook hands ' for hours ' before going to a school . castro , whose country has close ties with the leftist venezuelan government , said that the south american country had become the target of ' imperial greed ' . though monday 's reported appearance is his first in public since a landmark deal to reestablish ties between the us and cuba , castro met with spies released by the us in the agreement earlier this year . he also appeared with the cuban agents who were freed from prison in december after a landmark agreement between the obama administration and his brother raul to reestablish ties between the island and the us . fidel , older than his brother by five years , expressed skepticism about the deal , which includes plans for a us embassy in havana and has lessened travel restrictions . cuban media said that castro 's meeting went off ' without the slightest of problems ' and he urged his residents to write to obama and urge him to stop saying that venezuela y was a threat . it said that the former leader talked about how the south american country had become a target for ' imperial greed ' . the american president signed sanctions against several venezuelan officials earlier this year . castro , whose recent public appearances often largely serve the function of proving that he is alive , was said to be ' full of vitality ' . he also reportedly stopped and spoke at a school . the former revolutionary stepped aside temporarily as president due to serious illness in july 2006 , and raul took over permanently in february 2008 after he was elected the country 's new leader . fidel castro took over cuba after the fall of the batista military dictatorship . raul castro ( left ) is five years younger than his brother and has taken over as president of cuba . above , he presented an award to the cuban five spies in february . the castro family has controlled cuba since the 1959 revolution against the batista regime . above , fidel at a 1961 rally in havana .