frank lampard has revealed he 'd ' love ' to see a gay footballer come out and be fully respected by the public , saying that the game is changing and losing it 's macho persona . taking part on channel four 's ' alan carr 's chatty man ' alongside denise van outen , noel fielding and lethal bizzle , the on-loan manchester city star spoke of his support and feels that football in evolving for the better . when host carr said : ' do you think we will ever see a gay footballer ? statistically there should be loads . one in ten are gay are n't they ? fifty-thousand professional footballers , one of them must be . ' frank lampard showed his support for gay footballers in an interview on alan carr 's chatty man . la galaxy robbie rogers ( left ) came out as being gay and was heavily supported by the sporting world . former west ham united midfielder thomas hitzlsperger also came out as being gay not long after rogers . lampard responded : ' well we have had a couple . thomas hitzlsperger who played in the premier league , came out after having moved back to germany or italy . ' in america , robbie rogers played there . ' i think a lot of the problem is , as you say , it 's a fact that it will be out there , as it is in all modern life at all times , but i think we are probably at fault as a sport . ' i think that it 's that old syndrome where it 's a mans game and you ca n't talk about that . i have to say the game 's changing a lot . there are a lot of campaigns . i feel it in the dressing room . there 's a different feel about it . ' yeah there should be . i would love it if someone came out and everyone treated it with respect . you know that thing about ' we 're macho we play football , ' is very old hat . ' with lampard 's career nearing the end , the new york city man is already thinking about what his next step will be - refusing to rule out the chance of becoming a manager . he said : ' i 'll maybe do my coaching badges which is a bit of a process as that 's two years worth of work to get that and maybe be a manager but i 'm not completely sure whether to go down that route or down certain other routes- bit of tv maybe . the city midfielder was joined on the show by noel fielding ( left , lethal bizzle and denis van outen . ' everyone 's lining up to do that at the moment you know the punditry thing is the thing to do . everyone that retires wants to go in , and it 's not an easy thing . it looks quite easy to talk about football but it 's not . ' following england 's disappointing 2014 world cup in brazil , carr pressed lampard on why we perform so bad - despite the quality in the country . lampard , who made one appearance during the finals , believes that a lack of squad cohesion may have been the catalyst causing england to finish bottom of group d . ' i think we didn’t gel as much as we should have done , ' he said . ' when you look at the individuals in those pictures ( on screen ) you know you 're talking about some of the best individuals in world football at different times . we 've had them and we have n't done it . ' van outen and noel fielding also took part on the show where lampard scored a penalty against carr . you see frank lampard 's interview on alan carr 's chatty man with guests denise van outen , noel fielding and lethal bizzle on channel four at at 10pm on friday .