smartphones often overheat if they 're held close to the body or are used for long periods of time . and while the dangers of overheating lithium ion ( li-ion ) batteries have been known for some time , researchers have now revealed exactly what happens inside the ' burning ' cells . thermal images show copper inside the battery reaching temperatures of at least 1,085°c ( 1,985°f ) causing jets of molten material to burst from its vent . scroll down for video . researchers subjected lithium-ion batteries to heat and used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe changes in their internal structure . copper inside melted , indicating temperatures of at least 1,085°c ( 1,985°f ) , and it caused molten material to stream from the vent ( pictured ) . the footage is the first time the failure of li-ion batteries due to overheating has been recorded . it was filmed by paul shearing from university college london and the findings are published in the journal nature communications . li-ion batteries are vulnerable to a condition known as thermal runaway , which occurs when the rate of heat generation is greater than the rate of heat lost . although battery failure is rare , prevention of thermal runaway presents one of the greatest challenges for the safe operation of lithium-ion batteries . dr shearing and his colleagues subjected two commercial li-ion batteries , known as cell 1 and cell 2 , to external heat . they then used thermal imaging and non-invasive high speed imaging techniques to observe the internal structure of each . li-ion batteries are vulnerable to a condition known as thermal runaway , which occurs when the rate of heat generation is greater than the rate of heat lost . a li-ion battery before being subjected to high temperatures is shown left , the same battery after heat abuse is shown right . during tests , one cell remained intact during battery failure and as the heat-generating reactions continued , hot gas followed by molten material jetted out through the battery’s vent ( pictured left to right ) . by comparison , the rapid pressure rise in a second cell caused the entire cap of the cell to detach . cell 1 remained intact during battery failure and as the heat-generating reactions continued , hot gas followed by molten material jetted out through the battery’s vent . li-ion batteries have been known to overheat and are vulnerable to thermal runaway . this occurs when the rate of heat generated in the cell is greater than the rate of heat lost . lithium-ion cells with cobalt cathodes , for example , are not designed to rise above 130°c ( 265°f ) . this is because , at 150°c ( 302°f ) the cell becomes ' thermally unstable ' . once it reaches this state it can lead to a thermal runaway in which flaming gases are released . during a thermal runaway , the high heat in the failing cell can travel to the next cell , causing it to become thermally unstable as well . in some cases , a chain reaction occurs in which each cell disintegrates one-by-one . this means a battery pack can be destroyed within seconds , or the venting of gases and heat can last for hours . as a safety measure , packs are fitted with dividers to protect failing cells from affecting nearby cells . source : battery university . the copper material inside cell 1 melted , indicating internal temperatures of at least 1,085°c ( 1,985°f ) . by comparison , the rapid pressure rise in cell 2 caused the entire cap of the cell to detach . in a real-world situation this could have increased thermal runaway because it allows oxygen into the cell . during a thermal runaway , the high heat in the failing cell can travel to the next cell , causing it to become thermally unstable as well . in some cases , a chain reaction occurs in which each cell disintegrates one-by-one . this means a battery pack can be destroyed within seconds or the venting of gases and heat can last for hours . as a safety measure , packs are fitted with dividers to protect the failing cell form affecting nearby cells . the authors found that thermal and electrochemical reactions inside both cells produced gas pockets that deformed the spiral wound layers of the cells . cell 2 showed severe internal distortion of its architecture , which the authors suggest compromised its safety . unlike cell 2 , cell 1 was designed with a central cylindrical support , which seemed to help maintain its structural integrity . the authors hope their observations will lead to improvements in the design of li-ion batteries and improve their safety features .