a laser could be mounted on the international space station and used to shoot down pieces of space debris in earth orbit , says a new paper . the system would use a telescope already mounted on the station to find and target pieces of debris up to 62 miles ( 100km ) away . powerful pulses from the laser would then push space junk into earth’s atmosphere , where it would burn up . tokyo researchers have proposed a laser system to attach to the iss . it would be used to shoot down pieces of debris in earth orbit ( artist 's illustration shown ) . the system would have a range of 62 miles ( 100km ) and could target things less than 0.4 inches ( 1cm ) in size . the paper , by researchers at the riken research institute in tokyo , was published in acta astronautica . their system would use the extreme universe space observatory’s ( euso ) super-wide-field telescope on japan’s kibo experiment module on the iss . the laser , meanwhile , use bundles of optical fibres to produce powerful laser pulses - capable of both high power and high frequency , although exact figures were not given . since the first object , sputnik 1 , was launched into space 53 years ago , mankind has created a swarm of hundreds of thousands of items of debris . the rubbish circling the planet comes from old rockets , abandoned satellites and missile shrapnel . there are around 22,000 objects in orbit that are big enough for officials on the ground to track and countless more smaller ones that could do damage to human-carrying spaceships and valuable satellites . one major source of debris in the past was a chinese anti-satellite missile test in 2007 that left an estimated 150,000 pieces of junk in the atmosphere . accidental events have also contributed to the problem . in 2009 for instance there was a major crash between a u.s. communications satellite and a defunct russian military probe over siberia . combining these two instruments would create a system that could deorbit space debris down to the size of 0.4 inches ( one centimetre ) . the impact of the laser beam on debris would create a force that reduced its velocity , causing it to fall into earth’s atmosphere and burn up . the group plans to deploy a small proof-of-concept experiment on the iss , with a small , eight-inch ( 20-centimetre ) version of the euso telescope and a laser with 100 fibres . ‘ if that goes well , we plan to install a full-scale version on the iss , incorporating a three-meter [ 10ft ] telescope and a laser with 10,000 fibres , giving it the ability to deorbit debris with a range of approximately 100 kilometers [ 62 miles ] , ’ said lead researcher dr toshikazu ebisuzaki . looking further into the future , the team said they could have a ‘free-flyer’ mission not attached to iss in another orbit to shoot down debris . for example , such a system could be deployed in polar orbit at an altitude of about 500 miles ( 800km ) , ‘ where the greatest concentration of debris is found , ’ according to dr ebisuzaki . without going into specifics , the team says their proposal could remove ‘most’ of the centimetre-sized debris in earth orbit within five years of operation . mailonline has asked the researchers to explain how often the laser would fire , and what its maximum capacity in terms of debris-size to deorbit would be . the technology bears some similarities to the death star - shown - used to devastating effect in the original star wars trilogy . without going into specifics , the team says their proposal could remove ‘most’ of the centimetre-sized debris in earth orbit within five years of operation . the paper , by researchers at the riken research institute in tokyo , was published in acta astronautica . their system would use the extreme universe space observatory’s ( euso ) super-wide-field telescope on japan’s kibo experiment module on the iss ( shown ) . the euso telescope was originally planned to detect ultraviolet light from air showers produced by ultra-high energy cosmic rays . but the researchers realised they could put it to another use - the removal of space debris . the fibre-powered laser , meanwhile , was originally developed to power particle accelerators - but again another use for it was found . space debris , which is continuously accumulating as a result of human space activities , consists of artificial objects orbiting the earth . the number of objects nearly doubled from 2000 to 2014 and they have become a major obstacle to space development . the total mass of space debris is calculated to be about 3,000 tons . it consists of derelict satellites , rocket bodies and parts , and small fragments produced by collisions between debris . ‘ we may finally have a way to stop the headache of rapidly growing space debris that endangers space activities , ’ added dr ebisuzaki .