real madrid closed the gap on barcelona to just two points at the top of la liga , but will be praying injuries to gareth bale and luka modric do n't derail their season . both los blancos stars were substituted as carlo ancelotti 's side struggled to overcome a spirited malaga , who had chances to snatch a draw . cristiano ronaldo missed a penalty but provided goals for sergio ramos and james rodriguez , before adding the third himself , as madrid kept within touching distance of league leaders barcelona . sergio ramos celebrates scoring for real madrid in the 24th-minute against malaga . real madrid captain ramos celebrates with his team-mate cristiano ronaldo . james rodriguez made it 2-0 for real madrid in the 69th-minute after ronaldo had missed a penalty . malaga then pulled one back but ronaldo look delighted after making up for his earlier miss to make it 3-1 . real madrid : casillas , pepe , ramos , marcelo , arbeloa ( carvajal 76 ' ) , kroos , rodriguez , modric ( illarramendi 60 ' ) , isco , ronaldo , bale ( hernandez 5 ' ) subs not used : navas , silva , fernandez , jese . booked : arbeloa , kroos . goals : ramos 24 ' rodriguez 69 ' ronaldo 90 ' . malaga : kameni , angeleri , roseles , boka , sanchez , amrabat , garcia , recio ( damian tissone 75 ' ) , castillejo ( horta 81 ' ) , darder ( duda 87 ) , juanmi . subs not used : guerra , ochoa , torres , filipenko . booked : sanchez , damian tissone . goals : juanmi 71 ' . after just four minutes , bale 's game was over . the welshman tenderly touched his calf and made a pulling motion with his hands to the bench as he left the pitch , which might imply internal muscle damage . given that karim benzema was injured after a brutal champions league encounter with city rivals atletico madrid in midweek , bale 's injury took the famous `` bbc '' strikeforce just down to c. that 's the grade you 'd give it too , in 2015 , when compared to the performances of barcelona 's trio . isco came in for benzema , with the frenchman 's injury solving a problem that was brewing at real madrid , with carlo ancelotti having to choose between the former malaga man , and james rodriguez . the latter was chosen over the former to face atletico , leading to stories of angst on isco 's part , but the issue was resolved by benzema 's timely absence . modric , meanwhile , was taken out by a recio challenge in the second half . it was n't too fierce a tackle , but the croatian took a strong knock to his knee and is now a doubt for wednesday 's second leg against atletico . malaga , having beaten barcelona at camp nou earlier this season , and drawn with champions atletico madrid last week , are no la liga whipping boys and they came to the santiago bernabeu with the belief they could win . nordin amrabat , on loan from galatasaray , charged forward battling with pepe , escaped the real madrid defender and crossed for juanmi , but the forward could n't connect and the chance was gone . the dutchman stung iker casillas ' fingertips with a strike from distance , the veteran stopper tipping his effort behind for a corner . carlos idriss kameni was forced into a similar save at the other end , spectacularly flicking a header from bale 's replacement , javier hernandez , over the bar . gareth bale went down injured after less than five minutes at the bernabeu . the welsh forward was forced to go off to be replaced in the early stages of proceedings . ramos tucks the ball in to open the scoring for real madrid at the bernabeu . the defender slides on his knees in front of the real madrid fans after netting . real madrid broke the deadlock in controversial fashion , when ronaldo fired in a free kick from the left and ramos rammed home from close range . the defender seemed fractionally offside , but despite kameni 's cries , the goal was allowed to stand . the cameroonian goalkeeper was called into action again shortly afterwards , making a fine save down to his right from a james volley . with the most expensive player in the world off the pitch , the second most expensive was having fun . ronaldo pulled off a quite ridiculous backheel-nutmeg on marcos angeleri . in the following minute ramos had the ball in the net again , nodding home a toni kroos free-kick , but this time the officials spotted he was offside and ruled it out . malaga flew down the other end and created a magnificent opportunity , which sergi darder blazed over the bar when he should have found the net . juanmi 's cross was half-cleared by marcelo and darder pounced , but lacked balance and spooned his strike off-target from eight yards . amrabat , flying down the right early in the second half , tried to find juanmi with a low cross , but it flew past the forward and casillas gathered it . ronaldo had the perfect opportunity to put the game beyond malaga when james was taken down in the box by samu castillejo , but lacked his characteristic cool and fired the penalty against the left upright . real madrid goalkeeper iker casillas dives to the floor to grab the ball against malaga during the la liga clash . real madrid forward ronaldo ( right ) in action against malaga 's samuel garcia at the bernabeu . real madrid manager carlo ancelotti watches on from the sidelines during his side 's clash with malaga . but real madrid did n't have long to wait for their second , with james scoring in spectacular fashion just a minute later . he played two one-twos on the edge of the box with isco and ronaldo , before lashing the ball into kameni 's top right corner . game over ? not quite . malaga were straight down the other end and on the scoresheet , with roberto rosales whipping the ball in from the right for juanmi to head home . amrabat had a chance to run through after a marcelo mis-step - this was a rare poor performance for the brazilian - but kroos resorted to a blatant kick to stop him . the german went into the book , with the foul a symbol of how madrid were struggling to prevent the andalusian side from getting forward on the break . ronaldo saw his second-half penalty hit the post after malaga goalkeeper carlos kameni had gone the right way . real madrid forward ronaldo looks frustrated after missing a penalty during the second half . but rodriguez soon doubled real madrid 's lead just a couple of minutes after ronaldo had missed the penalty . ronaldo celebrates after securing the 3-1 victory late on after malaga had pulled one back . ronaldo 's evening was saved on a personal level at the end , with hernandez selflessly squaring the ball for the forward to tap home at the far post . his celebration was excessive , considering madrid had essentially won the game and it was a simple finish , but that 's what happens when you have to keep up with the joneses . or in this case , the messis . the argentine had scored for barcelona earlier , so ronaldo would have left frustrated had he not been able to replicate messi 's effort , grabbing his 39th goal of the season in la liga , and his 50th in all competitions . ronaldo became the first ever player to net 50 goals in five consecutive seasons , an incredible statistic , but ancelotti 's mind will now turn to wednesday night and another incredible statistic . he has faced atletico madrid seven times so far this season and not won a single game . will he be forced to try it without modric and bale in the eighth ? 