a delivery driver was questioned under anti-terror laws after taking pictures of police vehicles parked at a bus stop . kieron power’s wife had previously been given a £110 ticket for stopping in the same place for 45 seconds behind a police car and van . a week after she received the ticket given out by a council cctv ‘ spy car’ , he went back to gather evidence of police cars parked at the stop in kingston upon thames , south-west london . delivery driver kieron power was pulled over and questioned under anti-terror laws after taking these pictures of police vehicles parked in a bus stop . mr power , 54 , from esher , surrey , was on his way home after taking the photographs when a police car came up behind him with its blue lights flashing . he said : ‘ i didn’t think much , because i wasn’t doing anything wrong , but then all of a sudden another police car appeared in front of me in a pincer movement and i was forced to stop . ‘ they told me they were stopping me under the prevention of terrorism act . they said i’d been seen taking pictures of police cars , which i admitted . ' i told them why , but they still demanded my pictures be deleted . i refused , because i had done nothing wrong , and the officer spoke to his commander . eventually i was allowed on my way – it seemed so heavy-handed . mr power , 54 , was stopped in a pincer manoeuvre by a pair of police cars after he took photographs of two vehicles parked up in a bus stand - because his wife was given a £110 ticket for doing the same thing . ‘ i was annoyed that my wife had been given a ticket for briefly stopping somewhere the police always park , but i never dreamed i would be accused of being a terrorist . ’ mr power’s wife has paid the ticket for parking behind the bittoms centre in kingston after an appeal on the grounds that police were blocking the ‘ bus stand’ markings failed . a kingston police spokesman said : ‘ the man was initially requested to delete the photos , however after the officer clarified the metropolitan police service’s approach towards photography of police officers and vehicles with his supervisors , he realised the man was allowed to keep them . ‘ the police vehicles parked on the bus stand are part of the met’s safer transport command and have been given permission by the local authority to park there . ’ mr power said : ‘ i appreciate that police cars need to stop wherever they can for operational matters , but these vehicles are always there . it’s one rule for them and one rule for us , i suppose . ’