this is the dramatic moment robbers who raided a cash and carry were arrested while running along a busy motorway after a dramatic chase which saw them ram two police cars . the gang of four were spotted trying to escape along the m42 after they held up a cash-and-carry in derby on september 26 last year . the white seat leon they were travelling in was traced by a police helicopter and today dramatic footage has been released showing the car ramming two police vehicles as they tried to hide under a bridge . scroll down for video . the gang of robbers attempted to flee on foot along a busy road in a dramatic police chase after holding up a cash and carry . the chase was captured on camera by a police helicopter , that had been following the gang as they tried to escape . police eventually caught up with the men , arresting them . they have now been jailed at birmingham crown court . the footage then shows the gang jumping out of their stolen vehicle when they realise they were boxed in and shows them fleeing along the busy a45 on foot . the robbers can then be seen running across the busy motorway slip road as police give chase . and they manage to grab one of the gang members who can be seen being pulled out of bushes and handcuffed on the floor by three officers . officers then managed to arrested the four robbers but had to use cs spray when one of the men , john gourlay , produced a baton and threatened police at the road side . while in custody , the gang were linked to a further 20 offences where thousands of pounds worth of cigarettes were stolen over a three week period . earlier the gang of four were in a stolen seat leon and attempted to flee from police in the vehicle . the gang were unaware they were being followed by an unmarked police car and then stopped under a bridge . eventually the seat became boxed in by the police vehicles , with the gang attempting to ram the cars out of the way . the four men were charged with conspiracy to commit robbery in september last year and appeared at birmingham crown court for trial last month . they were all convicted of the charge and three of the gang have now been sentenced to over 30 years in prison . gourlay , 41 , of no fixed address , was jailed for 13 years and three months whilst anton richards , 29 , of birmingham , was caged for 11 years . charlie johnson , 19 , of birmingham , was jailed for six years but the last member kyran rooney , 19 , of yardley , birmingham will be sentenced on may 7 . the court heard how the gang stole a series of cars from addresses in the west midlands , warwickshire and shropshire . john gourlay , left , has been sentenced to 13 years in prison , and anton richards , right , 11 years after the raid on the cash and carry . they used the vehicles as getaway cars in raids on cigarette delivery vans across the midlands region between august 31 and september 26 last year . the robbers also targeted customers as they left cash and carries , having stocked up their cars with tobacco , cigarettes and alcohol . they were eventually caught when they were spotted travelling on the m42 towards birmingham in the seat leon , which they had stolen from droitwich in worcestershire . speaking after the hearing , detective constable kerri buckley , of west midlands police , said : ' this was a detailed and complex inquiry into a series of raids on delivery vans and customers of cash and carries across the wider midlands region . ' the cases were first linked when the gang began to target delivery vehicles belonging to one particular company , the series was then connected along with the thefts of the getaway cars and the robberies of shopkeepers going to stock up at cash and carries . ' the volume of offences in such a short space of time is quite shocking and the length of the sentences these men have received is a testament to that , while reflecting on just how organised this criminal network was . ' 