a warming climate may have enabled the earliest humans to venture into western europe 1.4 million years ago , a new study suggests . researchers believe that the spread of our distant human ancestors , the hominins , had been halted by colder and drier temperatures . but as conditions warmed , they were able to branch out from africa into spain , and ultimately spread across europe . spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration . until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain . but then the climate warmed to 13°c ( 55°f ) and became more humid . this enabled hominins ( stock image shown ) - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions . the research was led by dr jordi agusti from the catalan institution for research and advanced studies ( icrea ) . published in the journal of human evolution , the paper suggests climate change affected the amount of resources available . there have been various theories put forward over the years about the diet of our early ancestors , but a study from oxford university published last year claimed to have finally settled the debate . an ancient human ancestor known as ‘ nutcracker man’ lived mainly on a diet of tiger nuts , worms and grasshoppers , according to research . scientists believe this diet explains why the ancient hominin relative , called paranthropus boisei , which lived in east africa between 2.4 and 1.4 million years ago , had such distinctively powerful jaws and large , flat molar teeth . the theory is based on analysis of the barranco león site in the guadix-baza basin in southeast spain . here , simple oldowan tools have previously been found , linked to the earliest known hominins 1.4 million years ago , reported popular archaeology . but they were not able to migrate to this region until conditions improved . the researchers said that the early pleistocene era ( the era lasted from 2.59 million to 11,700 years ago ) was characterised by colder and drier weather . this ‘ possibly impeded the settlement of this region by the early hominin population from the southern caucasus , ’ the researchers wrote . but shortly afterwards , ‘ when the climatic conditions were again favourable , a hominin presence is suddenly evidenced . ’ the theory is based on analysis of the barranco león site in the guadix-baza basin in southeast spain , shown by the grey marker on this map . here , simple oldowan tools have previously been found , linked to the earliest known hominins 1.4 million years ago . the acheulean tool technology period - between 700,000 an 300,000 years ago - followed the more primitive oldowan period . tools at the time included large stone hand axes ( stock image shown ) made from flint and quartzite , used to scavenge from carcasses . it should be noted that the warming climate referred to here is on a vastly longer time scale than modern climate change . at the time 1.4 million years ago , though , temperatures warmed above 13°c ( 55°f ) and humidity increased , allowing hominins to inhabit the region - scavenging carcasses in the region with the help of tools . ‘ the data reported here clearly support the idea that the early hominin occupation of europe was strongly constrained by climatic and environmental conditions , rather than by physiography or cultural factors , ’ the researchers wrote .