brontosaurus has made a thundering comeback after being sent into exile by the scientific community . the long-necked dinosaur was one of the largest animals to ever walk the earth with its legacy captivating children 's imaginations the world over . but despite the ' thunder lizard ' being deep rooted in popular culture , for more than a century scientists believed the infamous dinosaur never existed . the giant dinosaur and its evocative name - meaning ' thunder lizard ' - has enthralled generations of youngsters.but since 1903 , experts have believed the creature was originally misnamed . pictured is a brontosaurus as researchers see it today -- with a diplodocus-like head . the researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs found in museums throughout europe and us . instead of the traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others , they instead used a 'specimen-based protocol ' . this meant they could analyse each individual animal , despite its species , and allowed them to look at differences within each species , as well as between different species . the main shape of the tree supported what other paleontologists had previously proposed . but fossils that were originally labelled brontosaurus appeared different from two apatosaurus species . most of the differences were in tiny anatomical features , but one distinctive trait was that apatosaurus has a wider neck than brontosaurus . since 1903 , experts have been arguing the creature was originally misnamed . instead of belonging to the genus , or species ' family ' brontosaurus , they said it should in fact have been classified as ' apatosaurus ' . now new research has shown that it is , after all , sufficiently different from apatosaurus to deserve its own genus name . scientists from the uk and portugal submitted the evidence for resurrecting brontosaurus in a study almost 300 pages long published in the open access journal peerj . ' the differences we found between brontosaurus and apatosaurus were at least as numerous as the ones between other closely related genera , and much more than what you normally find between species , ' said dr roger benson , one of the authors from oxford university . the researchers used statistical techniques to calculate the differences between species and genera of ' diplodocid ' dinosaurs - a group that included some of the longest animals that ever walked on the earth . the researchers looked at 477 anatomical features across 81 individual dinosaurs . instead of the traditional method of plotting how similar each species is to the others , they instead used a 'specimen-based protocol ' . this meant they could analyse each individual animal , despite its species , and allowed them to look at differences within each species , as well as between different species . the main shape of the tree supported what other paleontologists had previously proposed , but fossils that were originally labelled brontosaurus appeared different from two apatosaurus species . most of the differences were tiny anatomical features , but one distinctive trait was that apatosaurus has a wider neck than brontosaurus . the researchers looked at 477 anatomical landmarks across 81 individual dinosaurs.the general shape of the tree supported what other paleontologists had previously proposed , but fossils that were originally labelled brontosaurus appeared different from two apatosaurus species . pictured is the revised family tree . the scientists claim that three known species of brontosaurus exist — brontosaurus excelsus , which was the first discovered , along with brontosaurus parvus and brontosaurus yahnahpin . they also found two members of the group , diplodocus and supersaurus , may have reached lengths of up to 112 ft ( 34 metres ) . apatosaurus , also from the group , had an average length of 75 ft ( 22.8 metres ) , and weighed around 16.4 tonnes , they said . colleague emanuel tschopp , from nova de lisboa university in portugal , said : ' our research would not have been possible at this level of detail 15 or more years ago . ' in fact , until very recently , the claim that brontosaurus was the same as apatosaurus was completely reasonable , based on the knowledge we had . ' in 1877 , marsh’s crew uncovered the bones of a species he dubbed apatosaurus ajax . two years later , he found another giant dinosaur and named it brontosaurus excelsus ( pictured ) . emanuel tschopp ( left ) and octávio mateus examine a galeamopus skull , a genus of diplodocid dinosaurs , as part of the study . the complex history of the the brontosaurus has its roots in the ‘ bone wars’ of nineteenth-century . this was characterised by a race between paleontologists edward cope and othniel marsh defined the era to find dinosaur fossils . in 1877 , marsh’s crew uncovered the bones of a species he dubbed apatosaurus ajax . two years later , he found another giant dinosaur and named it brontosaurus excelsus . in the early 1900s , after discovering a fossil that was similar to both brontosaurus and apatosaurus , other researchers decided that the two dinosaurs were of the same genus . eventually , palaeontologists agreed that brontosaurus should be named apatosaurus . this was under rules that state that the first name given for an animal takes priority . brontosaurus has a complex history . in the 1870s , palaeontologists led by othniel charles marsh discovered two enormous partial skeletons of long-necked dinosaurs in the us and shipped them to the yale peabody museum in new haven , connecticut . marsh described the first of the creatures as apatosaurus ajax , the ' deceptive lizard ' , after the greek hero ajax . two years later , he named the second skeleton brontosaurus excelsus , the ' noble thunder lizard ' . neither skeleton was found with a skull , and marsh reconstructed one for brontosaurus excelsus . however , his reconstruction , based on evidence from another long-necked dinosaur , camarasaurus , was later found to be wrong . shortly after marsh 's death , scientists from the field museum of chicago found another skeleton similar both to apatosaurus and brontosaurus . in fact they were so similar that experts decided it would be correct to treat them as two species from the same genus : apatosaurus . the final blow to brontosaurus came in the 1970s when researchers showed that apatosaurus/brontosaurus was not closely related to camarasaurus but diplodocus , another dinosaur from the same era . diplodocus had a slender , horse-like skull , rather than the box-like one reconstructed by marsh and modelled on camarasaurus . brontosaurus is one of the most charismatic dinosaurs of all time , inspiring generations of children thanks to its size and evocative name . but researchers long believe brontosaurus was in fact a misnomer , and it should be correctly referred to as apatosaurus ( artist 's impression pictured ) . paleontologists emanuel tschopp and octávio mateus are pictured measuring a sauropod dinosaur femur on the right . on the left is an artist 's impression of brontosaurus . the myth was born that brontosaurus was actually an apatosaurus with the wrong head . in science , the distinction between species and genera is without clear rules . but the researchers argue the to resurrect brontosaurus was not a matter of personal preference . ' we tried to be as objective as possible whenever making a decision which would differentiate between species and genus , ' said professor tschopp . ' it 's the classic example of how science works ' , said professor mateus , a collaborator on the research . ' especially when hypotheses are based on fragmentary fossils , it is possible for new finds to overthrow years of research . ' pictured is brontosaurus as researchers imagined it in the late 1800s : aquatic , and with a large , robust skull .