tons of rotting fish have filled a lagoon in rio de janeiro , brazil where olympic rowing and canoeing events will be held during next year 's games . over the past week , thousands of the silver fish have died and have been scooped out of rodrigo de freitas lake , but city authorities and biologists have argued about the cause . more than 37 tons of fish have been collected , according to rio 's waste management company , but there is still an overwhelming stench , sparking complaints from neighbours and passers-by . clearing : rio 's waste management company said it has cleared more than 37 tons of fish , which have been taken to the city 's main dump . olympics : rodrigo de freitas lake is set to host the olympic rowing and canoeing events during next year 's games in rio de janeiro , brazil . there is an overwhelming stench coming from the lake and authorities and biologists have argued about about the cause of the deaths . rubbish collectors will continue to rake the decomposing fish , a small silvery species called twaite shad , off the water 's surface until the the mass dying subsides . they are being taken to the city 's main dump . the die-offs are common in rio , where rivers , lakes and even the ocean are blighted by raw sewage and garbage . rower and olympic hopeful felipe xavier said : ' i have to come train but these dead fish bother us because the smell is very strong and the huge amount of fish slows the boat . ' but alexandre fernandez , rowing coach of botafogo club based in rio , said he had no worries about the phenomenon and believes the cause was natural , not because of pollution . in february , twaite shad died in the blighted waters of guanabara bay , where the olympic sailing events are to be held . members of a local rowing club have to train among the dead fish in rodrigo de freitas lake ahead of the olympic games in the city in 2016 . rubbish collectors will continue to clear the decomposing fish , a small silvery species called twaite shad , off the water 's surface in rio . more than 37 tons of fish have been collected , according to rio 's waste management company , but there is still an overwhelming stench . the dead fish are being scooped out of the water by rubbish collectors using nets and are then taken to rio de janeiro 's main dump . rio 's environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest incident is the result of a sudden change in water temperature . ' the intense rains that happened last week and a rise in the sea levels led to a spike in the ( sea ) water entering the lake , causing a thermal shock , ' it said in a statement , reporting that water temperature in the lake quickly fell by 4c . however , several scientists have rejected that explanation , saying that pollution is really to blame . estefan monteiro da fonseca , an oceanographer at fluminense federal university , said the official explanation ' makes no sense ' . despite more than 37 tons of the fish being removed from the water , there is still an overwhelming stench which has prompted complaints . picturesque ? rio de janeiro 's stunning landscape has been blighted by the dead fish , which are currently being cleared from the water . lagoon : there are so many fish on the surface of the lake in rio de janeiro , brazil that almost no water can be seen in some places . alexandre fernandez ( not pictured ) , rowing coach of botafogo club , said he 's not worried and believes the cause of the deaths was natural . he said : ' the lake continues receiving large quantities of sewage . ' he added that it has large concentrations of sulfur because of the organic material dumped into it , and depending on the wind , that material rises to the surface and kills fish . rio 's water quality has become one of the most contentious issues heading into the 2016 olympics . authorities have long said the games would be the catalyst for a major cleanup of the city 's waterways , but as the sporting event approaches with few improvements , they are now admitting that the olympic promises wo n't be met . natural causes ? rio 's environmental secretariat has insisted that the latest incident is the result of a sudden change in water temperature . passers-by have to hold their noses because of the overwhelming stench coming from the surface of the water , where rowers are training . rubbish collection : a man sits on a boat filled with dead fish in rodrigo de freitas lake , where olympic events are due to be held next year . training : a man rows in the lake surrounded by thousands of dead fish ahead of the olympics in the south american city next year . rio governor luiz fernando pezao acknowledged earlier this week ' there 's not going to be time ' to finish the cleanup ahead of the games , suggesting it might take until the end of 2018 instead . sailors have repeatedly voiced concerns about possible health and safety threats posed by competing in rio 's waters . mr fonseca warned that if another fish die-off occurs during the games in august 2016 , ' rio 's image could suffer irreparable damage ' . rio governor luiz fernando pezao acknowledged earlier this week ' there 's not going to be time ' to finish the cleanup ahead of the games . an oceanographer said that if another fish die-off occurs during the games in august 2016 , ' rio 's image could suffer irreparable damage ' . authorities have said the games would be the catalyst for a major cleanup of the city 's waterways , but there have been few improvements .