an 84-year-old man has died in hospital from severe burns to his upper body - nearly a month after he accidentally set himself on fire with a cigarette while driving along a suburban new york road . christopher flowers was traveling down chili avenue , near route 390 , in rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of clothing to burst into flames . he immediately pulled over and tried to extract the burning cigarette from his top . but the windy conditions at the time seemingly fanned the flames so much that they engulfed his entire torso . as the flames surrounded the pensioner 's head , three good samaritans pulled over and frantically tried to extinguish the blaze - at first , using their hands , then by hurling the man into a snow bank . burned alive : christopher flowers , 84 , has died in hospital nearly a month after he accidentally set himself on fire with a cigarette while driving along a suburban new york road . above , the interior of flowers 's vehicle . flammable : flowers was driving down chili avenue near route 390 in rochester on march 9 when he dropped a lit cigarette into his shirt , causing several layers of his clothing ( pictured at the time ) to burst into flames . hospital : flowers , of chili , was rushed to strong memorial hospital ( pictured ) , where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck . but on sunday , hospital officals announced he has died . emergency crews arrived at the scene and flowers , from chili , was rushed to strong memorial hospital , where he was listed in guarded condition with severe burns to his torso and neck . but on sunday , hospital officials told the democrat and chronicle that the retired marine had passed away . additional details of flowers 's death , including the date , have not been released . last month , flowers 's wife of over 56 years , flora , spoke of her wish for him to regain his health , saying : ' he has bandages all over him . just covered up with bandages and you ca n't touch him . ' speaking to whec , she added : ' it was terrifying . we 're hoping and praying that he 'll get better . ' flowers was wearing several layers of clothing at the time of the incident , including two or three flannel shirts and a couple of t-shirts topped by a hooded sweatshirt , witnesses told reporters . widow : last month , flowers 's wife of over 56 years , flora ( pictured before her husband 's death ) , spoke of her wish for flowers- who was rushed to hospital with severe burns to his upper body - to regain his health . retired marine : mrs flowers holds a photo of her husband during his time as a marine , many decades ago . some of his attire was made out of polyester , which is highly flammable . as the flames spread across his clothing and body shortly before 9am on march 9 , one man and two women pulled over to help . mike peters was heading to his job driving veterans to and from outpatient services when he saw flowers standing at the side of the road , engulfed in flames ' from his waist to above his head ' . speaking to the associated press last month , peters told of how he immediately stopped and ran past a woman making futile attempts to pat out the fire , before tackling flowers into a snow bank . ' i scooped the guy up and did an end-zone dive into the snowbank , ' the 52-year-old former army helicopter mechanic , from gates , said . he then used handfuls of dirty snow to douse the flames . good samaritan : mike peters ( left ) , who pulled over after spotting flowers standing at the side of the road engulfed in flames - tackled the pensioner into this snow bank ( right ) in a bid to extinguish the deadly flames . scene : gates 's fire chief , james harrington , said an ember from flowers 's cigarette likely fell on to his shirt while he was driving along chili avenue ( pictured ) shortly before 9am on march 9 , causing him to burn alive . the three rescuers removed flowers 's smoldering clothing and wrapped him in a blanket that one of the women , named as deborah zielinski of henrietta and kathy baleno of gates , had in her trunk . ' i 've just never seen anything like it , ' peters concluded . ' it was like newspapers catching on fire . ' flowers was subsequently transported to hospital , where he never recovered . at the time , gates 's fire chief , james harrington , said an ember from flowers 's cigarette likely fell on to his shirt . the flammable nature of the pensioner 's clothing will have only strengthened the flames , he added .