sitting with a set of felt-tip pens and a book full of black line drawings just waiting to be filled is most children 's idea of heaven . but now thanks to an illustrator and designer from tenby , west wales , colouring in is the latest stress-busting hobby for adults . millie marotta , 36 , is giving colouring books an adult twist with her sellout volume animal kingdom , filled with intricate and designs of animals filled with stylised flower shapes , patterns and shapes . scroll down for video . embellished elephant : millie marotta 's colouring book features an array of intricate designs , including this elephant . millie marotta , 36 , took eight months to complete the illustration in animal kingdom . the beautiful black and white book is made up of detailed line illustrations of animals , plants and birds and encourages users to ' add your own touches with colours or line drawing . ' and the art book , which was published in august last year , has achieved unheard levels of success , selling 500,000 copies worldwide and been translated into 19 different languages . the success of animal kingdom 's has come as a huge surprise , not least to millie herself . ' my illustrations are a real labour of love , they take a long time and i think people really can and do appreciate that , ' said the former art teacher . ' because of the intricate style of my drawings people find them quite interesting and perhaps a little more captivating than your traditional colouring book . ' this is why i would say they are so well suited to adults and have proved so popular in that area of the market . '  this coloured-in image of a dragonfly taken out of animal kingdom shows the vibrant level of detail . an image of a donkey from the colouring book is creatively constructed from flora and fauna . millie has had a successful freelance illustration careeer with clients including virgin atlantic , penguin books and marks & spencer , but it 's her best-selling colouring book that really propelled her to fame . in 2013 , she was approached by batsford ltd , her now-publisher , to see if she would be interested in doing the book . she took eight months to complete the illustrations in their entirety and thinks their popularity is down to nostalgia . she explained : ' i would say there is definitely a universal appeal to colouring in . ' it 's something that probably all of us enjoyed as children and is a wonderfully simple creative outlet and a great way for us to de-stress in today 's busy and fast paced world . a bluebird illustration has been coloured in to show the creativity and consistency needed to finish one of millie 's illustrations . this blue whale has an immense level of detail and would take a considerable amount of time to finish colouring in . millie worked from her studio in tenby , wales , to create her range of detailed illustrations . ' colouring can offer a much needed distraction from the ' grown up ' world and those things which may be causing us worry or stress . a little bit of escapism if you like . ' and reviewers have taken to the uk amazon site to rave about their own experiences of the therapeutic benefits . one user commented : ' received this book yesterday and have n't stopped since . ' i 've always loved colouring but got recommended this to help overcome tension headaches caused from work . the pics are amazing an the paper quality is good . i have already completed four pics in one day ! ' ' colouring can offer a much needed distraction from the ' grown up ' world ' : the 36-year-old illustrator ( pictured ) took eight months to complete the book and has explained that she finds drawing therapeutic . the book , animal kingdom , retails at £3.99 and is currently at the top of amazon 's top 100 books list . the welsh illustrator has said that , although it is mostly adults buying the book , the influence of animal kingdom is widespread . she has received emails from people of all backgrounds saying how much they enjoyed the simple act of colouring in her line drawings . ' from parents who have bought it for themselves to colour while their young children are doing their own colouring , to students who use it as stress relief in between study and revision , ' said millie . many fans are busy professionals who need a break from looking at a screen all day long but adults and children alike are buying the book as a stylish gift for friends and family . millie says that animal kingdom is becoming the present of choice for people recuperating from illness , while there are , ' ladies in their 80s who love it so much they have started their own colouring club ! ' millie agrees that the rise in popularity of adult colouring books , could be down to their therapeutic quality . she explained : ' i think the level of detail in my illustrations requires people to really focus on what they are doing when colouring them . ' in that sense i think people have found them quite therapeutic and an effective way to ' switch off ' as they become really absorbed in what they 're doing . ' the artist has also insisted that the popularity of the book could be down to the more artistic quality of the images . this image of striking stag was created by the welsh designer out of detailed fauna line drawings . plenty more fish in the sea ! millie 's page of exotic fish has been shaded on in different colour variations . she said : ' i also think that because the illustrations do take some time to complete there is a real sense of achievement and satisfaction at the end of it . ' someone said to me that with animal kingdom they feel like they are colouring little pieces of artwork rather than pages in a colouring book . ' i think people enjoy feeling that at the end of it they will have a book of their own artworks which will hopefully be something they will keep and cherish . '