she realised something was wrong when her grandmother struggled to use her knife and fork . oscar nominee carey mulligan subsequently watched alzheimer’s disease take hold of margaret booth . now , 14 years after mrs booth , affectionately known as nans by the actress , was diagnosed , miss mulligan has revealed her anger at how dismissively dementia sufferers are treated . hollywood actress carey mulligan says more needs to be done to raise awareness of dementia . her grandmother margaret booth , who she is pictured with here on a charity walk , suffers with the illness . the 29-year-old said she watched as her grandmother , a former teacher , develop problems with her memory . mulligan , a patron of the alzheimer 's society and said her gran has n't recognised her in at least five years . according to the actress , 29 , there is a ‘ shame or humour’ attached to the illness , which causes memory loss and language problems . despite being one of the greatest influences in miss mulligan’s career , having encouraged her to act and sing as a child , mrs booth is unaware of the extent of her granddaughter’s fame and appears to have struggled to recognise her for about eight years . speaking about the disease , which affects 850,000 in the uk , miss mulligan said : ‘it’s quite quickly disregarded as being a sort of age-related thing , ‘ oh , granny’s lost her marbles’ – that sort of throwaway comment about somebody who has a brain disease… there’s not an awful lot of awareness in society . ’ mrs booth was once a gifted piano player and a geography teacher , who took a great interest in her grandchildren’s education . but she began having trouble remembering things and would sometimes struggle to find her own home . and it means she has missed out on witnessing the success of miss mulligan’s career , which has seen her star in films including the great gatsby , pride and prejudice and her latest film far from the madding crowd , which is out next month . the interview with carey mulligan appears in the latest edition of the radio times . recalling watching the disease take hold , miss mulligan said : ‘ one of the last times that we were at home together with her , we had a meal and she sat down and she looked at her knife and fork , and she didn’t know what they did . ’ ms booth now lives in a residential home in pontardawe , wales . when one of miss mulligan’s films is on television , it is played by her carers , who wrote to miss mulligan to tell her ‘ nans is very proud’ of her when she won a bafta award for an education . and every time miss mulligan begins a new play , such as starlight which she starred in last year , her mother sends her a good luck opening night card , signed ‘ from nans’ . speaking about the touching tradition , miss mulligan told radio times : ‘she’ll put a photo of nans in there , too . it’s really sweet . it makes me super emotional . ’ miss mulligan , who is married to marcus mumford , lead singer of the band mumford & sons , first revealed her grandmother was suffering from alzheimer’s in 2013 , as she became a patron of the alzheimer’s society . carey mulligan meets a fan at the far from the madding crowd premiere . every time she begins a new play her mother sends her a good luck opening night card signed ' from nans ' with a photo of her grandmother . she said she wanted to make people ‘ more aware in their daily lives of those who could be suffering with the disease’ . and last year she wheeled her grandmother around a ‘ memory walk’ in aid of the charity . revealing her grandmother’s diagnosis , miss mulligan told channel 4 : ‘ she hasn’t recognised me for about five or six years . that’s really hard . it’s really sad . but especially for my mum and my aunt and uncle . ‘ she was a geography teacher and she was very passionate about our education and would always ask us about what gcses we were doing , what a-levels we were doing . ‘ and i remember her one day not being able to remember the different subjects i was taking for a-level and i remember thinking that was something she cared so much about , that wouldn’t be something she easily forgot . ' and then it progressed from there , she would struggle to find her way home when she went out walking . ’