a single bikini-clad woman silhouetted against a spectacular sunset , a tiny figure facing a swirl of stars , a hot spring whose improbably lurid hues seem like something from another planet - these stunning images combine colour and light to capture the wonders of the natural world . last year hawaiian-born photographer dustin wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company . inspired by ancient hawaiian beliefs in the sacredness of the landscape , dustin wong , 31 , has journeyed from the arctic circle to australia , capturing moments where men and women are alone with the power and splendour of the natural world . this single bikini-clad woman stretches her curvaceous body while silhouetted against a spectacular hawaiian sunset . faced with the rapid destruction of habitats through pollution and overpopulation , the photographer hopes his images will inspire the viewer with awe at the intricate and diverse world we live in and encourage them to protect the planet . he writes on his website : ' i have a desire to experience the natural world and to let those feelings inspire me . life on this planet is older than any of us can comprehend , and there is a beauty in that history and power . however , these days our natural spaces are being encroached upon by human development . a man gazes upon a whirl of stars in the bonneville salt flats in utah , where the salt-covered land cracks into spectacular patterns . last year hawiian-born photographer dustin wong , 31 , abandoned his job as an engineer to travel the world with only his camera for company . ' through my images i try to convey a sense of awe of the incredibly intricate and diverse world we share . i want to encourage people to interact and experience nature for themselves . i think this way more people will care about protecting and preserving natural environments . ' he started taking photographs 15 years ago before taking it up full time last year . he traveled all over the west coast of the us living out of a van for five months and visited as many national parks as he could . in queensland australia , he follows a woman as she ventures into the dark depths of a natural cavern . his journeying in america took in the bonneville salt flats in utah , where the land cracks into spectacular patterns , the grand prismatic spring in yellowstone national park in wyoming , the third largest hot spring in the world whose bright colours are caused by bacteria , to the burning man festival in nevada , which culminates in the burning of a wooden effigy . other pictures show a spectacular hawaiian sunset reflected in the sand in improbable bright oranges and reds , or a single solitary figure dwarfed by the waterfall surging above him at at latourell falls in oregan . revellers climb on top of a massive sculpture of the words ' believe ' at the burning man festival in nevada . for these photographs he also ventured to australia , following a woman as she explores a cavern in queensland , and to norway , where he captures the stunning greens of the northern lights , or a firework exploding against a frosty night-time pine forest . mr wong takes his photographs using a dslr camera before transforming them into high dynamic range to bring out colour and detail . he then blends the hdr image with the original exposures , creating an image that is ' slightly fantastical yet still rooted in reality ' . the grand prismatic spring in yellowstone national park in wyoming , is the third largest hot spring in the world . its bright colours are caused by pigmented bacteria . his images depict people interacting with the environment and enjoying themselves in the outdoors . at first he shunned using people in his images , which he wanted to capture nature at its pristine best , but he later realised a single figure - either a stranger or himself - provides a sense of scale and helps viewers relate more viscerally to the image in front of them . although he now lives in seattle in the usa , he credits his hawaiian upbringing as the driving force behind his vision of the world . a single figure on a norwegian beach is bathed in green light as he admires the spectacular northern light . he adds : ' born and raised in hawaii , i learned about the hawaiian culture , specifically the way the ancient hawaiians held the land in reverence . those teachings instilled in me an understanding that human beings have an intrinsic relationship with the land that should be held in high respect . ' i aim to create a sense of wonder in each of my pieces . i want to recapture the sense of awe and childhood imagination that often gets abandoned along the way to adulthood . i create art where the viewer is free to wallow in the mysteries and unknown of a beautiful landscape . ' standing in the middle of a snow-covered norwegian pine forest , a couple release a firework , sending orange blazing into the sky . he uses a single figure like this man dwarfed by the water at latourell falls , oregan , usa , to engourage a visceral response in viewers . 