it is probably the most unpleasant experiment you will read about today : what happens when your skin starts to tear . researchers have uncovered the reason why skin is so difficult to tear even when put under extreme pressures , by cutting samples of real skin and attempting to pull them apart . they found that rather than simply tearing , mammalian skin actually has sophisticated stress resistance properties that prevent holes and cuts from expanding . the researchers cut real skin samples and then attempted to rip them by pulling them apart ( shown above ) . using x-ray beams they were able to directly observe the microscopic changes that take place in skin to help it resist tearing during their stomach churning experiments . they discovered that the curly fibers of collagen that make up dermis of the skin straighten and stretch in response to a tear to share the load and prevent further damage . scientists at gillette have spent nine years studying how to get the perfect shave . their work has shown why washing the skin is so vital and why you should never , ever tap your razor on the sink , and also settles the debate about whether you should go with , or against the grain . here are their main findings : before the shave , hydrate the hair by washing the skin with a gentle cleanser : this softens the hair and significantly reduces the force needed to cut it . apply plenty of shave gel : this provides a protective anti-friction layer and improves razor glide for a smoother , more comfortable shave . shave with a multi-blade razor using light strokes : gillette said the razor should do the work , not the person shaving . change direction : begin by shaving with the grain of the hair before switching and going against this grain . make sure blades are not old or dull : the lifespan of razors can vary depending on how often they are used and how hard . as a general rule if the razor begins to drag or does n't cut as closely as before , replace the blades . use aftershave : this can be any product containing moisturiser to rehydrate and comfort the skin . many aftershaves contain alcohol that acts as an astringent to sterilise the skin and provide a barrier against infection . the findings help to explain why the thin layer of cells that cover our bodies is able to provide such an effective barrier to the outside world . scientists behind the research also hope their findings could eventually lead to stronger new materials that do not easily tear that could be used in aircraft , for example . professor robert ritchie , a materials scientist at the lawrence berkeley national laboratory in berkeley , california , who was one of the co-authors of the research , said : ' our study is the first to model and directly observe in real time the micro-scale behavior of the collagen fibrils associated with the skin’s remarkable tear resistance . ' collagen fibrils and fibers rotate , straighten , stretch and slide to carry load and reduce the stresses at the tip of any tear in the skin . ' the movement of the collagen acts to effectively diminish stress concentrations associated with any hole , notch or tear . ' to conduct the experiment the researchers used the skin taken from dead rabbits , carefully removed the hair and placed it in equipment designed to pull the skin apart . they then cut a small notch or hole in the skin and watched how it changed shape as the skin was stretched in a way intended to cause the tear to increase . however , rather than getting bigger as the skin tore , the notches simply yawned open . the researchers , whose work is published in the journal nature communications , then used the x-ray beams produced by the advanced light source at the lawrence berkeley national laboratory , to study the structural changes that took place in the skin . they found the collagen in the dermis , the thickest of the three main layers that make up skin , changed its alignment at the edge of the tear . the collagen , which is normally in a disordered tangle , straightened and began to slide against each other to absorb the stress and provide extra strength . the researchers found the collagen in the skin dermis changes from being a disordered tangle ( shown left ) to line up in straight parallel rows ( shown right ) when skin is damaged to provide strength and tear resistance . dr marc meyers , a materials scientist at the university of california san diego who also took part in the research , said : ' straightening and stretching allow the uptake of strain without much stress increase , and sliding allows more energy dissipation during inelastic deformation . ' this reorganization of the fibrils is responsible for blunting the stress at the tips of tears and notches . ' research on skin 's mechanical properties dates back nearly 200 years , when physicians began examining stab wounds . the graphic above shows what happens to a notch in skin when it is stretched ( left ) compared to bone ( right ) . unlike bone and teeth , which are also made of collagen fibres but tear and crack when under stress , the collagen in the skin appears to change its structure when placed under stress . the researchers behind the latest study are working with the us air force office of scientific research . professor ritchie added : ' natural inspiration is a powerful motivation to develop new synthetic materials with unique properties . ' for example , the mechanistic understanding we’ve identified in skin could be applied to the improvement of artificial skin , or to the development of thin film polymers for applications such as flexible electronics . '