tragic : john suchet ( right ) is in mourning after losing his wife bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia . their relationship , he once said , was ' made in heaven ' . yesterday john suchet was in mourning after losing his wife bonnie following her decade-long battle with dementia . a death notice in a national newspaper read : ' bonnie died peacefully on april 15 2015 aged 73 . adored wife of john , devoted mother of alec and hereward , mother-in-law of peta-jane , grandmother of finn and alexa . ' the broadcaster declined to comment , stating it was a ' private family matter ' , but fans took to social networking site twitter to offer their condolences . classic fm presenter suchet , now 71 , has spoken openly about his wife 's diagnosis and the toll it took on their relationship , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity . in an interview with the daily mail 's weekend magazine in september , suchet appeared to confirm he was in a new relationship with a woman called nula , who has featured in posts and holiday photographs he has shared on twitter . asked about the saddest time that shook his world , he replied : ' watching my wife bonnie suffer from dementia . nula and i both have spouses in end-of-life care with dementia . they have no recognition , no bodily control , no dignity left , yet the priority is to keep them alive . we are kinder to animals . the bonnie i remember no longer exists . ' in 2009 , he broke down on air on bbc breakfast as he gave an account of his wife 's battle . he told presenters she was unaware she had the illness , or that he was on tv talking about it . he added that he sometimes had to beat up a cushion to deal with his frustration at the loss of their relationship . he has also said in the past that he wished she had been diagnosed with cancer rather than dementia , adding : ' i can not believe i 'm saying these words but it will give you some idea of how cruel this illness is . ' bonnie suchet ( pictured with john ) was described by her husband as ' the love of my life ' . suchet began to notice a difference in his wife 's behaviour in march 2004 , and she was diagnosed with dementia in february 2006 . in recent years suchet , pictured with bonnie ( left ) and ( right ) in 2013 , has been extremely open about his wife 's diagnosis , writing a book and becoming honorary president of the dementia uk charity . for three years he cared for her by himself , keeping her condition secret from all but family and close friends . in one interview he admitted having ' suicidal moments ' , saying : ' there are times when i want to bury my head in my hands . when i persuade myself she would be better off without me . ' suchet was married with children when he and bonnie – a glamorous american who reminded him of grace kelly – became neighbours in henley-on-thames , oxfordshire . she was also married with children . but the pair were unable to resist their mutual attraction , and while suchet was working as us correspondent for itn , bonnie flew out for a secret meeting with him and they made a pact to be together . his marriage broke up shortly afterwards and bonnie left her husband . he was 39 and she was 42 . he described her as ' the love of my life ' , saying : ' it was truly a grand passion . we had found each other . i never really thought of having an affair . we just wanted to be together for the rest of our lives and nothing was going to stop us . we shared everything . ' in 2010 , he revealed bonnie had been moved to a residential home to be given better care , and described how he had been forced tell her they were going to a lovely hotel for the weekend . in 2009 suchet was overcome as he told presenters how his wife had been unaware she had the illness , or that he was on tv talking about it . he said at the time : ' the worst thing about this wretched disease is that you behave as if the person has died . yet i go and see her . she knows i am special and greets me with a hug and tears of joy . but does she know i am her husband ? i am not going to ask . does she know she has dementia ? i do n't know , and i 'm not going to ask . ' she has never once asked the staff about me when i have gone . again , that breaks my heart and makes me happy . every emotion has a flip side with dementia . ' suchet had given up work to care for bonnie when he was forced to put her into the residential home , and so was at a loss when a call came from classic fm . he said : ' it could not have come at a better time in my life . i needed to be helped to move on . it 's given me a reason to get up in the morning , it really has . ' the two important things are : what would bon want for me ? and secondly , if i give in and wallow , then dementia has another victim , has n't it ? '