ed miliband 's poor leadership has been mocked by a labour candidate , who said it was like having ' a manager of a football team that you do n't rate , but you still support the team ' . paul gilbert even joked that he hoped his 'off-piste ' comment would not ' find it 's way back ' to the labour leadership , because he stands little hope of winning in cheltenham , gloucestershire . he also blasted labour 's ' entirely unsatisfactory ' policy on tuition fees and told voters at a university hustings : ' i do n't like where we are . ' scroll down for video . labour candidate paul gilbert mocked ed miliband and then joked that he hoped his 'off-piste ' comment would not ' find it 's way back ' to the labour leadership . mr miliband has faced repeated criticism and off-the-record briefing about his leadership among labour ranks , but most have seen the sense of keeping quiet about their misgivings during the election campaign . but mr gilbert felt no such reservations as he appeared at a hustings event with four other candidates . the 52-year-old lawyer was asked for his comments on higher eduction funding by a member of the audience at the packed event at the university of gloucestershire . he said : ' if i can go off-piste a little , as somebody who has a very realistic idea of what the maths will be in this constituency , maybe what i say is n't going to find it 's way back to mr miliband and his friends . ' he added : ' now one of the things which has brought me to politics at this very late stage you might think is the wish to make a difference . now i am a labour man and i will stand by my party , thick and thin . ' it 's a bit like having a manager of a football team that you do n't rate , but you still support the team , sometimes . ' what we have to do is work out how we can make the difference best , and from my point of view you 're better on the inside making a difference than being on the outside grumbling about it . ' to laughter from the audience , he was mocked by one of his fellow candidates for his ' glowing endorsement ' for labour 's leader . ed miliband , pictured giving a speech in stockton-on-tees today , has promised to cut tuition fees from up to £9,000 to £6,000 if he is elected on may 7 . ed miliband has revealed his childhood dream was to become a london bus conductor . the labour leader said a fascination with the ticket machines on the old-style vehicles had made him want the job . mr miliband made the admission during a visit to stockton-on-tees , where he was asked by a young boy in the audience , nelson driscoll , what he wanted to be when he was seven years old . he replied : ' i wanted to be a bus conductor . i tell you why , because on the london buses there used to be these things where you used to turn around the ticket machine . i was particularly fascinated by that . ' mr miliband is not the only party leader to have dreamed of being on the buses . conservative former prime minister sir john major once failed a test to become a bus conductor . the seat of cheltenham is held by the lib dem martin horwood , who secured a majority of 4,920 over the conservatives in 2010 . but the constituency is seen as crucial to tory hopes of winning an overall majority in the commons . however , five years ago labour secured just 5 per cent of the vote . mr miliband has promised to cut tuition fees from up to £9,000 to £6,000 if he is elected on may 7 . critics have argued the only people to benefit from the reductions will be wealthy graduates , because most people would never pay back the full amount during their working lifetime . but mr gilbert appeared to suggest the party should have gone further in reducing the cost of gaining a degree . he said : ' you know that in the labour manifesto the fees will come down to £6,000 - it still feels entirely unsatisfactory . ' he added : ' but it seems to me with two daughters who are 22 and 20 , and they have been saddled with debt as the gentleman in the audience mentioned earlier . ' i find it really silly and really ridiculous that we have not worked this one through sufficiently well . ' we have choices . we have choices for all sorts of things , but we choose to spend the money on other things , and i wish we did n't , i wish we really did n't . ' he finished his criticism of his party by adding : ' i do n't like where we are , i wish it was different , but i hope we can see it differently going forward . '