more than 3,000 students are facing an unexpected decision after they received acceptance notices from the university of florida - only to find they would have to spend a year taking online classes . the 3,118 unidentified applicants were presumably delighted when they were accepted as freshmen by the university in gainesville for the fall after sending in applications for traditional first-year slots . but after reading their congratulations notices , they apparently realized they would need to agree to spend their entire first year taking classes on the internet in order to attend the public college . the classes are part of a new program - the pathway to campus enrollment ( pace ) - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students , the washington post reported . new program : more than 3,000 students are facing an unexpected decision after they received acceptance notices from the university of florida ( pictured ) - only to find they would have to take online classes for a year . the students who were accepted to the university - on the basis they agreed to undertake online classes for a year - had not applied to the program , which will likely help expand enrollment in the university 's new $ 15million online undergraduate program , created by state legislators in 2013 . they were also in addition to the estimated 12,000 students offered traditional freshman slots . steve orlando , senior director of uf 's media relations , told the newspaper the move ' allows us to offer admission to additional qualified applicants with academic potential and demonstrated success ' . joe glover , who has been the university 's provost and senior vice president of academic affairs since july 2008 , added : ' the market for freshman is by no means clear anywhere in the country . ' we are trying different things to identify that market . that is one of the motivations . ' on its website , uf says that pace helps deal with the ' limited space of campus ' and gives students ' the chance to start [ their ] degree online and then transition to campus in order to complete it . ' it adds it ' offers an excellent academic experience , combining online and campus-based learning ' . new iniatitive : the classes are part of a new program - the pathway to campus enrollment ( pace , pictured ) - which started in 2015 and aims to accommodate a higher number of students at the flagship university . extending space : on its website , uf says that pace helps deal with the ' limited space of campus ' and gives students ' the chance to start [ their ] degree online and then transition to campus in order to complete it ' . it tells students : ' because of limitations to our freshman enrollment on uf 's residential campus , we are unable to accommodate every capable student who applies to the university . ' however , because of your demonstrated potential , we are offering you a pathway to uf 's residential campus different from our traditional transfer program . ' with legislators keen to expand online learning at florida universities , uf 's online graduate program became available to students in 2014 , with a huge $ 15million assigned to start-up and initial costs . but pace 'didn’t fully exist ' last fall for the 2016 admissions season , mr glover told the newspaper , describing the initiative as ' an experiment ' that some of the 3,118 students may not wish to accept . provost : joe glover ( pictured ) , the university 's provost , said : ' the market for freshman is by no means clear anywhere in the country . ' we are trying different things to identify that market . that is one of the motivations ' . he admitted that many parents were surprised to find their children had been accepted to uf on the condition they took online classes - and had bombarded him with calls asking questions about it . on its website , uf states that to be achieve a degree through the pace program , students must be willing to ' enroll for at least two semesters and a minimum of 15 credits through uf online ' . it adds : ' after earning a total of 60 credits and meeting program requirements , students may submit a transition form to move from online learning to a guaranteed place on the uf residential campus . ' the program offers 60 majors in seven colleges , including psychology and telecommunication . students in pace receive a 25 per cent tuition discount , the website says . they will also not have to pay some of the fees required for residential students .