a woman of arab and jewish descent who was strip-searched at a detroit-area airport has reached a settlement in a lawsuit filed on her behalf , the american civil liberties union said tuesday . the federal government will give shoshana hebshi $ 40,000 as compensation for being humiliated on the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks after armed agents forced her from a plane at detroit metropolitan airport , made her undress during a search and held her for hours . frontier airlines , the transportation security administration and wayne county airport authority were named in the federal lawsuit . won her case : shoshana hebshi , of sylvania , ohio , who was strip-searched at a detroit-area airport , will gain $ 40,000 as compensation for being humiliated . yoga instructor : hebshi works as a freelance writer , yoga instructor , and is a mother to two twins . hebshi , who has a jewish mother and saudi arabian father , has said she was ethnically profiled based on her dark complexion . ' i filed this lawsuit because i did n't want others to experience the kind of unnecessary trauma that i did , and it has given me faith that the justice system can work to protect constitutional rights , ' hebshi said in a release . ' this settlement gives me some peace of mind . now , i feel like i can finally put the incident behind me . ' hebshi of sylvania , ohio , was traveling home after visiting a sister in california when was removed from the frontier airlines flight after it landed sept. 11 , 2011 . she was seated next to two indian-american men , whom crew members had said spent a lot of time in the plane 's bathroom . all three were detained , according to the aclu . hebshi was held for hours before being released . the two men also were released . ' people do not forfeit their constitutional rights when they step onto an airplane , ' said aclu attorney rachel goodman . traveler : hebshi , pictured with her family at stonehenge in england , was traveling on the 10th anniversary of 9/11 when she was ethnically profiled . ethnically profiled : shoshana hebshi , a woman of arab and jewish descent was strip-searched at detroit metropolitan airport on the 10th anniversary on 9/11 . ' this settlement sends that critical message , and will help protect future passengers from having to endure what shoshana went through . ' the airport authority said its insurer agreed to a financial settlement to avoid ' further time-consuming and costly litigation . ' that amount was not released . airport police ' acted quickly and responsibly , and followed appropriate protocols in responding to a request for help from one of our airline partners , ' authority chief executive thomas naughton said in a release . ' i strongly support their actions . we remain committed to vigilantly protecting the safety of the travelling public . ' as part of the settlement , frontier will amend its employee handbook to more clearly state its zero-tolerance policy on discrimination and provide all new employees with training on that revision . the airline also will amend its customer complaint policy to ensure allegations of discrimination are given appropriate attention . frontier airlines declined to comment on the settlement . according to hebshi 's twiiter , she is a mother of twin boys and works as a yoga instructor and freelance writer . human right 's advocate : ' i filed this lawsuit because i did n't want others to experience the kind of unnecessary trauma that i did , ' hebshi said in a release . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .