a teenager with a deadly brain tumour has raised the majority of $ 80,000 needed to fund his life-saving surgery . with less than a day left to go before he is due to be operated on , 18-year-old jackson byrnes from northern new south wales has accumulated close to the target on hisgofundme page . three weeks ago mr byrnes was told by doctors that he had a stage four brain tumour that was too deep and aggressive to be safely operated on . jackson byrnes ( pictured ) is less than a day away from accumulating enough money to pay for life-saving brain surgery . refusing to accept the dismal diagnosis , his family took matters into their own hands and found the only australian neurosurgeon to perform the risky operation . after nine days of desperate campaigning through facebook and the crowd funding page gofundme , the casino teenager is just under $ 4,000 away from raising enough money to save his life . taking to his facebook fundraising page - jackson byrnes brain tumor surgery fund - friends of jackson thanked the thousands of people who have made donations to the page . jackson byrnes was diagnosed with a stage four brain tumour three weeks ago . jackson byrnes is just under $ 4,000 away from achieving his $ 80,000 target . ' jackson we 're not far from achieving the 80k ) an admin person on the page wrote . ' we could n't have done this without the support of you all ' they said . according to the gold coast bulletin , mr byrnes ' girlfriend , jahnae jackson , noticed he had developed a limp a mere three weeks ago and prompted him to visit a doctor who requested an mri . he was rushed to the gold coast for a biopsy which found a stage four tumour buried deep in the teenager 's brain . mr byrnes was told they would not operate due to how deep the cancer was , but instead suggested chemotherapy and radiation treatment . a teenager with a deadly brain tumour must raise $ 80,000 by tuesday night in order to pay for his surgery . after a week of campaigning online , the casino teenager is nearly there with less than a day to go . knowing that this was not enough , mr byrnes and his family searched for a specialist who would perform the dangerous procedure . they found neurosurgeon charlie teo who would operate on wednesday as long as he received an upfront payment of $ 80,000 by tuesday evening . the family then turned to social media and crowd sourcing in a desperate plea for donations . ' most boys his age begin their journey into adulthood with hopes , dreams and anticipation of what lies ahead and excitement of the endless opportunities of what life will bring them , ' mr byrne 's fundraising page on gofundme reads . messages of support and promotion of the cause have flooded social media for the casino teenager . the donations have been coming in thick and fast since the gofundme page was created . ' it is not a time to be enduring a fight for your life . ' in seven days , over $ 47,000 has been raised by 956 people and the link has been shared nearly 1000 times . victorian finance , leasing and risk management company morris finance have made the largest donation to the cause by pledging $ 2000 . ' # savejackon has reached past the half way mark at $ 40,255 with two days to go , ' a supporter posted on twitter . in nine days over $ 76,000 was raised for the teen 's surgery . rooftech australia , summerland credit union and alstonville quality meats have also donated generous sums for mr byrnes . messages of support have also flooded social media for the casino teenager . ' thoughts and prayers going out to you jackson , stay strong , ' wrote one well wisher on the fundraising page . ' hoping for the best possible outcome for you ! hugs from our family to yours ! ' wrote another . the twitter hashtag # savejackson has also been circulating through the casino and lismore area .  