up to 100 islamic teachers could be banned from working in schools for life following an investigation into their alleged links to the trojan horse scandal . it is understood a teaching watchdog is working on possible disciplinary cases against current and former staff members at some schools in birmingham where extremist islamic views were being forced on pupils and staff . this includes allegations an al-qaeda style video featuring masked gunmen was copied in a classroom and teachers punished pupils by making them kneel on tiles . more than 50 teachers - called the park view brotherhood - also alleged exchanged as many as 3,000 messages in a whatsapp group which included offensive comments about british soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier lee rigby was a hoax . scroll down for video . park view school in birmingham was one of the schools placed in special measures after inspectors found systemic failings in safeguarding pupils against extremism - up to 100 teachers are now being investigated . it is understood the national college for teaching and leadership ( nctl ) - the profession 's watchdog responsible for banning teachers from classrooms - is looking at 30 disciplinary cases , with an expectation many more teachers will be targeted for their part in the affair . the probe into the islamic plot last year found evidence of anti-western rhetoric , intolerance towards gays and creating the perception of a worldwide conspiracy against muslims . golden hillock school , nansen primary school , park view school - all run by the park view educational trust - oldknow academy and saltley school in birmingham were placed in special measures after inspectors found systemic failings in safeguarding pupils against extremism . another school investigated , alston primary , was already in special measures . allegations under investigation include claims that an al-qaeda style video was copied at park view academy and teachers punished children by making them kneel on the floor , the sunday times reports . a group of teachers - called the park view brotherhood - also alleged exchanged messages in a whatsapp group where they claimed the murder of soldier lee rigby and the boston bombings , where two bombs were set off at the finish line of the city 's marathon , were a hoax . professional hearings are set to begin next month . more than 50 teachers alleged exchanged messages in a whatsapp group which included offensive comments about british soldiers and claimed the murder of soldier lee rigby in woolwich , was a hoax . in his report , peter clarke ( pictured ) found there had been a ' coordinated , deliberate and sustained action ' to introduce an aggressive islamic ethos in the schools . the teaching watchdog has obtained ' dossiers ' about some of the 100 staff it is investigating from the department for education as part of its inquiries . they are understood to include information from last year 's trojan horse probe headed by peter clarke , the former head of counterterrorism at scotland yard . his report , published in july , found there had been a 'co-ordinated , deliberate and sustained action , carried out by a number of associated individuals , to introduce an intolerant and aggressive islamic ethos into a few schools in birmingham ' . it also highlighted a ' disconcerting pattern ' in the schools , including nepotism in staff appointments , bullying of senior teachers , a ' strategy of harassment to oust the head teacher ' and the ' reinforcement of muslim identity to the exclusion or disparagement of others ' . a source told the sunday times : ' the 100 or so include teachers , teaching assistants and teaching staff . the department for education is feeding in information to help corroborate some of what the nctl has , and , in other cases , flag up new targets . ' ' in some cases , some of those teachers and staff are still working at schools , and in other cases they have been removed . ' but although some of them have been removed , the nctl does not want them to end up anywhere else . ' the trojan horse scandal started with an anonymous letter in march last year describing an islamic plot to take over schools in birmingham called ' operation trojan horse ' . the document - now thought to be a hoax - proposed a campaign of installing governors and undermining and then replacing school leaders with staff who would be more sympathetic to their religious agenda . that in turn led to 21 schools being inspected by schools inspector ofsted , which put six schools in special measures and said five had not done enough to protect children from extremism . golden hillock school , nansen primary school , park view school - all run by the park view educational trust - oldknow academy and saltley school in birmingham were placed in special measures . another school investigated , alston primary , was already in special measures . then in november last year , inspectors found evidence that six independent faith schools in tower hamlets , in east london , had an unbalanced curriculum . several teenage girls have fled to join isis in syria from schools in tower hamlets . this easter , tens of thousands of leaflets were distributed by tower hamlets council advising parents to ' lock away ' their children 's passports if they fear the youngsters may be planning to travel to syria over the holiday period . tower hamlets is the only local authority in london where muslims account for the largest single religious group . an estimated 35 per cent of the population practise islam , compared with 4.4 per cent across the country according to the latest census . 