angels slugger josh hamilton filed for divorce from his wife two months ago - around the same time he admitted to an alcohol and drugs relapse , it has emerged . the divorce petition was filed in late february in tarrant county , texas , where hamilton played five seasons with the texas rangers before moving to la , the dallas morning news reported . hamilton , 33 , married his wife katie in 2004 . katie , who will appear on the 10th season of the real housewives of orange county when it airs this summer , has a daughter from a previous relationship and three more daughters with hamilton . the petition does n't detail the reasons for the split and only cites ' conflict ' . scroll down for video . split : josh hamilton filed for divorce from his wife , katie , in late february , it has emerged . the filing comes after his self-reported relapse and just months after they celebrated 10 years together ( pictured ) . loved up : when he shared the above photo in november , he gushed about how much he loved his wife . in the petition , hamilton outlined 34 requests . among them , he called for his wife to be banned from using his maserati and 1972 chevrolet blazer , the dallas morning news reported . he also requested she be prohibited from ' hiding ' the children from him , from allowing men to stay the night while his children are home , and from making disparaging remarks about him or his family . but in march , mrs hamilton submitted a general denial to her husband 's petition and this month , the couple agreed not to communicate with each other throughout the case . hamilton is not allowed to see his children without supervision , according to court records . he is also banned from going to the couple 's properties in westlake texas ; newport coast , california ; and valley mills , texas . last week , the couple 's six-bedroom , eight-bathroom home in newport coast went on the market for $ 16.5 million . the property has ocean views , an eight-car garage and a pool and spa , according to the listing . family : the couple has four daughters , including a 14-year-old ( right ) from katie 's former relationship . hamilton is now not allowed to see the girls without supervision , according to court records . split : the couple , pictured last year , have not listed the reasons behind their divorce , citing only ' conflict ' . katie hamilton , pictured with her oldest daughter , julia , will appear on the upcoming 10th season of the real housewives of orange county . she has custody of the couple 's four daughters . the divorce petition comes just months after the couple celebrated their 10th wedding anniversary and hamilton gushed about his wife on social media . '10 years ago today , i said `` i do '' , ' he wrote on his twitter page on november 10 as he shared a photo of him and his wife . ' there are no words to describe how much i love and adore this lady . ' earlier this year , hamilton , a former major league baseball most valued player , underwent shoulder surgery before spring training for the la angels . he then self-reported that he had suffered a cocaine and alcohol relapse - the latest incident in his well-documented history of substance abuse . hamilton was suspended for three seasons between 2003 and 2005 and was ordered to undergo regular drug testing when he was reinstated into baseball in 2005 . after his recent relapse , major league baseball officials said hamilton had violated his treatment program , but the players ' association disagreed so an arbitrator was called to make a decision . uncertain future : hamilton , pictured in october 2014 , signed with the la angels in 2012 but self-reported a substance abuse relapse earlier this year . he will not be disciplined but may not return to the team . without divulging reasons , the arbitrator ruled that hamilton did not violate terms of the agreement , and the player will not be disciplined for the relapse . after overcoming his early addiction problems , hamilton played for the texas rangers between 2008 and 2012 and was named the al mvp in 2010 . during that time , he had two public relapses , including one before the 2012 season . in 2012 , he signed a five-year , $ 125 million contract with the angels , but owner arte moreno last week said he could not guarantee hamilton will return to play for the team . he claimed that hamilton 's contract said the deal could be terminated if he relapsed . the dallas morning news reported that he was not assigned a locker during spring training and merchandise with his name on has been removed from the team 's stadium store .