arsenal 's eight-match winning streak in the premier league has taken even manager arsene wenger by surprise , according to the frenchman whose side retain an outside chance of winning the title . ' i always hope to get the best out of my team , but no manager in the world if he is serious can predict a run like this , ' wenger told arsenal 's website . ' in the premier league it 's very difficult to predict . ' arsene wenger admits he could not have predicted arsenal 's impressive run of results . aaron ramsey 's goal against burnley extended the gunners ' record to 16 wins in their last 18 games . wenger has once again come under fire this season , with fans frustrated by arsenal 's failure to mount a serious title challenge and another last-16 exit in the champions league . however , with an fa cup semi-final this weekend and still the chance to chase down chelsea in the table , wenger 's position at arsenal is again looking secure . arsenal have won 16 of 18 games in all competitions and wenger believes the change in fortune is down to him finally having a relatively injury-free squad . ' it 's down to the quality and the attitude of the team , the quality of the spirit we have in the side , ' he said . ramsey celebrates his goal , which helped arsenal to maintain second place in the premier league . arsenal have a slim chance of winning the league , but they must catch jose mourinho 's chelsea to do so . ' we prepare ( well ) , we prepare and contribute to our success , that is for sure . what people forgot is that we had big players out for four months this season . ' six or seven players from the squad completely out . so that made a big difference . ' we have a better balance in the team and some players have made it like ( francis ) coquelin , who contributes to the balance of the team . hector bellerin as well has come into the team . ' and big players like ( laurent ) koscielny , like ( mesut ) ozil , like ( olivier ) giroud have been out four months in the season -- four months the three together ! ' i have a quality bench and we even have quality players at home like chamberlain , arteta , wilshere . i did n't even try to play debuchy . we have a big squad and i think we have quality . ' let 's see how we finish the season and after see how we do next season . ' arsenal face championship side reading in the fa cup semi-final this weekend and host chelsea the following week .