a taxi driver has entered the chinese record books by taking 30,000 selfies with passengers . teng jiazhi or ' uncle teng , ' from shenyang , north china , came up with the unique tipping system ten years ago when he picked up a couple of tourists in -30c . ‘ they had been standing in the cold for more than an hour for a taxi' he told reporters from people’s daily online . popular : teng jiazhi poses with three passengers in one of the thousands of selfies taken in his cab . happy snappy : taxi driver ' uncle teng ' and his passengers are all smiles for the cab camera . ' when they got in my car , they kept thanking me and offered tips . but i could not take the extra money , ’ said uncle teng . ‘ before they dropped off , they wanted to take a photo with me . the gratitude they had was very comforting and that photo was the first selfie i took with my passenger . ’ since then the cabby , who starts work at 3am each day , has kept a camera in his car and captured thousands of happy passengers . on average , he picks up as many as eighty passengers a day and at least twenty take selfies with him . the 58-year-old then uploads them to his page on a popular chinese social media website , making him one of the most recognised faces in the region . passengers have even commented on how his smile always looks the same and uncle teng said it is because it comes from within . say cheese : passengers comment on how uncle teng 's smile is always the same on his thousands of selfies . infectious smile : uncle teng asks passengers for a picture in lieu of a tip in shenyang , china . many have said it brightens up their journey and commented on how his smile is contagious . ‘ why not live every day with a jolly mood ? ’ said uncle teng . ‘ i try my best to help my passengers with their troubles . it takes just a chat , some sing along or a joke to make them happy again . ‘ a few years ago , an upset young lady got on my taxi and she refused to take a selfie with me . so i started chatting with her . ' i found out that she had a fight with her mum so i sang her a folk song about how mothers always worry . she started sobbing after i finished my song and immediately called her mum to say sorry . ' before she dropped off , she gracefully took a selfie with me and told me that it was a good day . ’ smile : passengers pose with phones and balloons in a couple of the thousands of selfie photos uncle teng has gathered . record breaker : uncle teng is awarded the shanghai big world jinisi record for his 30,000 selfies with passengers . feel good factor : taxi driver uncle teng is happy to have a chat to passengers and asks for a quick snap at the end of the journey . when uncle teng first got media attention , he already had 5,494 selfies with passengers and he already had more than 700 followers on weibo , the chinese equivalent of twitter . he challenged himself to get 10,000 selfies for ‘ smile shenyang’ , part of the national games of the people’s republic of china that was held in 2013 . ‘ i have met many taxi passengers who recognised me from the news . i particularly enjoy people calling me uncle teng because it is such an intimate name . ’ he handpicked 6,402 selfies from his collection for the ‘ shanghai big world jinisi record’ featuring passengers came from all over the world and hopes his record will let people see what a happy place shenyang is . the popular driver has no plans to stop taking she snaps when he retires , saying he will find other ways to make people smile .