a church will hold its maundy thursday service today instead of tomorrow to allow a weekly drop-in session for prostitutes to go ahead . all saints church in wolverhampton re-scheduled the service , which marks the start of easter celebrations , so that vulnerable women can attend their regular thursday sessions tomorrow . the decision comes after prostitutes were left disappointed when the drop-in sessions were cancelled on christmas day and new year 's day because they both fell on a thursday . outreach : all saints church in wolverhampton , pictured , re-scheduled the service , which marks the start of easter celebrations , so that vulnerable women can attend their regular thursday sessions tomorrow . religious leaders have praised the initiative , which has been running since last august , as reflecting the core values of christianity . all saints church , which is in the middle of wolverhampton 's red light district , is the only place where prostitutes can receive the support offered by the sessions , reverend sarah schofield said . the programme is run alongside national charities changing lives and the terrence higgins trust . service : all saints church is the only place where prostitutes can receive the support offered by the sessions , reverend sarah schofield , pictured , said . reverend schofield , team vicar at all saints church , said : ' we throw open our doors and offer support as well as going out on the streets with hot drinks to invite women in . ' we want to be a reliable , safe and loving place for women , it is important to honour our promise and it has had a real impact on the whole church here . ' there is conversation , there is advice if any woman wants advice about employment or health or other issues . ' it is well received and it is appreciated . christmas and new year were on thursday and we know we had disappointed people by cancelling the session for services . ' we had to take a vote in the congregation in january and it was 100 per cent in favour of moving the service . ' the story of maundy thursday is jesus meeting with a number of people and he meets with women who are outcasts . ' one of the stories we tell on maundy thursday is about jesus being anointed by a woman of low status and it felt wrong to cancel it . ' the bishop of wolverhampton , reverend clive gregory , said the decision to move the religious event forward was made by the church council and people should go elsewhere for a traditional thursday service . he said : ' this decision was n't taken lightly and there are other churches very close by where people can go to worship . it does n't come across as strange to me that all saints would do this . ' i am very well aware of this project for street workers , it has been a great success in the last six months . ' it performs a very important service for vulnerable women and is exactly what christian churches should be doing to help their community . ' reverend graham smith of the good shepherd church in low hill , added : ' it is a long-standing tradition to have a maundy thursday ceremony and an important part of the christian calendar . ' on the other hand , if we remember what jesus was all about , he would always remember the outcasts in society . ' for some of these drop-in sessions it can be quite hard to let people know what is going on if there is a change . ' so if people turn up to see it is n't on one week , they may not come again . ' custom : the queen hands out maundy money during last year 's maundy thursday service in blackburn . maundy thursday , also known as easter thursday , is the beginning of the three-day celebration of easter . the original version of the maundy service involved the sovereign giving money to the poor and washing their feet , a tradition which ended with james ii in the 18th century . the custom of washing feet is an an ancient one and commemorates the last supper of jesus with the apostles , echoing the story of christ washing the extremities of his disciples shortly before his death . although foot washing is no longer part of the ceremony , the tradition of giving ' alms ' continues , albeit symbolically . the maundy gift , which the queen hands to members of the congregation at a church service , is made up of two purses , one red and one white . many christians commemorate the last supper in a special eucharist . in some churches , they may wash each other 's feet . some christians may hold an all night vigil in church , remembering christ 's time in the garden of gethsemane .