an army veteran who served in afghanistan has moved to africa in a bid to stop poaching . kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife ( vepaw ) , training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers . the organisation was founded by an ex-marine and is made up of former soldiers who signed up post-9/11 . she joined the group last november after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic . she was also deployed for one tour of afghanistan . scroll down for video . kinessa johnson from yelm , washington state , works for the veterans empowered to protect african wildlife ( vepaw ) , training park rangers to catch and detain the wildlife killers . photos on her instagram and facebook of her holding a rifle have been met with criticism online . however she insists their intention is not to harm anyone and refutes claims she is a ' poacher hunter ' . she told 11 alive : ' our intention is not to harm anyone ; we 're here to train park rangers so they can track and detain poachers and ultimately prevent poaching . ' most of the time anyone that is in a reserve with a weapon is considered a threat and can be shot if rangers feel threatened . ' our goal is to prevent trigger pulling through strategic movements and methods of prevention . ' according to her instagram , she is on the ground outside arusha in tanzania . she has also slammed other people questioning her experience and motives on social media . she joined the group last november after a four-year stint in the services as a weapons instructor and mechanic . she was also deployed for one tour of afghanistan . ' i must say that i find it extremely disheartening to see so many bashing my ability based on my gender , ' she wrote . ' i work with so many awesome and capable female park rangers here in africa , who put their lives on the line every day right next to male park rangers , and i think these comments are also disrespectful to these amazing women . ' on saturday , alongside a picture and two colleagues , she wrote : ' the team and i along with the park rangers had a pretty successful few days , caught some guys and seized some firearms . ' we 're all really excited even though we are all crammed into a land cruiser , have n't bathed in a few days and hardly slept . ' photos on her instagram and facebook of her holding a rifle have been met with criticism online . johnson insists the organisation 's intention is not to harm anyone and refutes claims she is a ' poacher hunter ' .