there is an old wives ' tale that says the best way to tackle red wine stains on carpets and clothes is to cover them in white wine . and while alcohol is the key to removing a spilled glass , the solution does n't lie in a glass of pino grigio . in a video , a scientist has revealed how gin and vodka dilute red wine stains , why vinegar is so good at removing mineral deposits on glass , and how spit tackles stubborn food stains in your kitchen . scroll down for video . red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins , which are alcohol soluble . when higher concentrations of clear alcohol , such as gin , vodka or white rum , are poured onto the stain , the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet . these can then be soaked up using a paper towel . the video was created by the washington-based american chemical society ( acs ) as part of its reactions series . it covers three household cleaning ' hacks ' for windows , carpets and counter tops . the first reveals an alternative to window cleaner is to add two cups of water and a quarter cup of 70 per cent rubbing alcohol to an empty spray bottle . as the video explained : ' vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid . ' gin : pour gin , or another high-proof clear liquor , onto a red wine stain and soak it up with a cloth . spit : your own spit can be used to lift food stains from counter tops or hard surfaces . bananas : wipe the inside of the banana skin on the spot of leather that needs to be cleaned . when finished , rub with a damp cloth . cola : pour into the toilet bowl and leave to sit for an hour to allow the acid to take effect . clean the inside of the bowl with a toilet brush and flush away . vinegar also works . tomato ketchup : good for cleaning brass , copper and silver elements . rub onto the area that needs cleaning , leave to work and wipe with a moist cloth . mayonnaise : ideal for removing marks on wood . use a cloth with a small amount of mayonnaise and wipe the mark that needs to be removed . leave the oils to work and wipe away any residue with a clean cloth . brazil nuts : also effective on wood surfaces . cut a nut in half and rub vigorously over any scratches . potatoes : cut the potato in half and dip the side without peel into baking soda . when covered , firmly rub the potato on rusted areas . grapefruit : remove limescale by cutting the grapefruit in half and sprinkling one half with salt . scrub the area and rinse with water . coffee : place dry ground coffee into an old margarine tub with holes in the lid . place in the fridge and leave to eliminate odour . acetic acid sits at a 2.4 on the ph scale making it very acidic . because of this acidity , vinegar ‘ eats away’ at mineral deposits on windows including moisture and dust , while the rubbing alcohol absorbs greasy dirt like fingerprints . onto red wine stains in fabrics , the video said the key is to ' act fast and grab a bottle of the nearest high proof clear liquor ' . this can be vodka , gin or white rum , but the important part is that whichever drink is chosen it must be higher proof than the wine that has been spilled . keep applying it to the stain while soaking the liquid up with a rag or paper towel until it’s all gone . red wine is red because of pigments known as anthocyanins , which are alcohol soluble . when higher concentrations of alcohol are poured onto the stain , the colours dissolve into the liquid rather than drying into the carpet . as more alcohol is poured onto to the stain , the red colour dilutes completely and can be soaked up . acs advise pouring plain water onto the carpet once the alcohol has been soaked up to remove the smell . elsewhere , if there is a hard food stain on a countertop or hard floor , acs suggest using spit to remove it . inside saliva is an enzyme called amylase and it’s used as one of the first steps of digestion . amylase speeds up the process of breaking down starches , for example . ' you may have noticed when you eat certain starchy foods like potatoes or crackers that they have a slightly sweet taste when you chew them , ' said acs . 'that’s the amylase in action and the same principle can be used to break down food spills . ' a cleaning expert from hassle.com recently revealed the science behind why certain foods are so useful for tackling rust , removing stains and tightening cracks in wood , too . the american chemical society ( acs ) has produced a video as part of its reactions series that covers three household cleaning ' hacks ' . these include how to get streak-free windows , remove red wine stains from carpets ( pictured ) and clean stubborn food stains from counter tops and hard surfaces . alex depledge , hassle.com 's chief executive told mailonline that tomato ketchup is good for cleaning brass , copper and silver elements . ' tarnishing mainly occurs due to sulphur compounds in the air , ' she said . ' when the ketchup is applied to the metal , the natural acid in the tomatoes reacts with the oxidising of the tarnished silver , brass or copper . ' ' potatoes and baking soda are effective at tackling rust because the oxalic acid in the potato mixes with the baking soda to help to dissolve the rust . ' an alternative to window cleaner is to take an empty bottle and add two cups of water and a quarter cup of 70 % rubbing alcohol . as the video explained : ' vinegar is a fantastic cleaner and the secret to its cleaning capacity is acetic acid . ' acetic acid sits at a 2.4 on the ph scale making it very acidic ' ( pictured ) . because of this acidity , vinegar ‘ eats away’ at mineral deposits on windows including moisture and dust , while rubbing alcohol ( pictured ) absorbs greasy dirt like fingerprints , said the chemist . even the weakest levels of acid can dissolve and loosen the hydrated iron oxides found in rust . this also means vinegar is a good rust remover . these foods can also replace the rust with a thin film of smooth hard oxide on the surface of the iron , to help it resist further hydrated oxidation . phosphoric acid in cola drinks , and citric acid in lemon juice also work . ' banana skins are often used to buff leather , followed by a damp cloth , and this is effective because the potassium in bananas is absorbed and slowly works to plump up the scratches , ' mrs depledge said . to remove hard food stains on a countertop or hard floor , acs suggests using spit to remove it . inside saliva is an enzyme called amylase and it’s used as one of the first steps of digestion ( pictured ) . amylase speeds up the process of breaking down starches , for example . ' you may have noticed when you eat certain starchy foods like potatoes that they have a slightly sweet taste when you chew them , ' said acs . 'that’s the amylase in action and the same principle can be used to break down food spills ' . potassium is often found in shoe polishes too , for the same reason . ' ideal for removing marks on wood , mayonnaise contains oils and proteins that gently diminish scratches and marks on wood . ' they also react and cause the wood to swell , which tightens cracks in surface . ' the oils in brazil nuts are also effective and act like a natural die to darken and hide scratches . ' elsewhere , mrs depledge added : ' to keep a fridge smelling fresh , experts claim putting dry ground coffee into an old margarine tub with holes in the lid will eliminate odours . a cleaning experts has also revealed which food items can be used to clean a home . for example , potatoes remove rust because the oxalic acid reacts with baking soda to dissolve the hydrated iron oxides . banana skins ( stock image pictured ) are often used to buff leather , followed by a damp cloth , and this is effective because the potassium in bananas is absorbed and slowly works to plump up the scratches . potassium is often found in shoe polishes too , for the same reason . ' smelly substances floating around in the air attach themselves to the surface of coffee beans via a process known as ‘ adsorption ' . ' invisible to the naked eye the many tiny pores in a coffee bean create a large surface area , per unit mass . ' this gives , in chemical terms , plenty of area for the smell to adhere itself to and causes it to be cancelled out . ' as a subsititute to limescale remover , mrs depledge recommends cutting a grapefruit in half and sprinkling one half with salt . the salt acts like an exfoliator to remove the surface limescale , while the citric acid in grapefruit acts as the cleaning agent and breaks down the scale at a more molecular level . and cola drinks are an effective toilet cleaner because they contains carbonic , citric , and phosphoric acids . many of these acids are found in household cleaning products already , and when mixed together , the reaction causes the stains to be lifted and removed . ideal for removing marks on wood , mayonnaise ( left ) contains oils and proteins that gently diminish scratches and marks . they also react and cause the wood to swell , which tightens cracks in surface . tomato ketchup ( right ) cleans brass and copper because its natural acid reacts with the oxidising of the metal . to keep a fridge smelling fresh , the expert claims putting dry ground coffee into an old margarine tub with holes in the lid will eliminate odours . smelly substances in the air attach themselves to the surface of coffee beans via a process known as ‘ adsorption ' .  