a michigan woman who was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox was shocked when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ' died ' . sarah jewell , 25 , is still living and breathing , a fact she proved when , after the irs told her to contact her local social security office in sparta , she walked right in and announced ' i 'm alive ! ' the staff told jewell that someone had filed her social security number as deceased in november 2014 . jewell said the office implied she would be fine and that ' everything 's taken care of ' . sarah jewell , 25 , was expecting to find a tax refund in her mailbox when she instead received a letter from the irs informing her that she had ' died ' . but fast-forward three months later and jewell said she has n't received instruction from social security on how to proceed and her number has yet to be reinstated - leaving her life in total disarray . jewell still has n't received her tax refund , one of her credit cards was cancelled , and even her driver 's license , which she was meant to renew , now lists her as deceased , she told fox 17 west michigan . and now jewell 's benefits and even her job as a licensed pharmacy technician could be in jeopardy if the problem is n't fixed . ' everyone has to be licensed in the state of michigan by the end of june , ' she said . ' and so if i do n't get this taken care of soon , i will essentially be out of a job . ' jewell 's local social security office told her that in november 2014 someone had filed her social security number as deceased . she said they implied she would be fine and that ' everything 's taken care of ' . but fast-forward three months later and jewell 's social security number has n't been reinstated . she also can not renew her driver 's license , has not received her tax refund and had one of her credit cards cancelled . dough nguyen , a deputy regional communications director for social security , told fox 17 that jewell 's situation is very rare . he said about 9,000 living americans are misreported as deceased to the administration , making up 0.35 per cent of three million annual deaths . but jewell is part of that small percentage , and she said it has affected every area in her life . ' your social security number is tied to every piece of information about you , ' she said . ' so , yeah , it 's kind of daunting . '