nearly one in four teenagers are ‘ almost constantly’ online as their lives are swallowed up ever more by their mobile phones , a study has revealed . some 24 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds admitted they were continuously checking their devices , including when they were at school . nine in teenagers also confessed to going online every day as they were unable to resist the lure of facebook and instagram . in danger ? the study also looked at social media and found that middle class teenagers were more likely to use snapchat , the controversial message service where messages disappears seconds after they are sent . parents now find it increasingly difficult to monitor their children 's online behaviour as more than 70 per cent of teens use now more than one social network . the study was carried out on american teenagers but the findings would likely be worse in the uk as more british teenagers own smartphones than their us counterparts . the pew research centre asked 1,060 children aged between 13 and 17 about their phone habits . the report found that what pew described as a ‘ frenzy of access’ was facilitated by mobile phones - particularly smartphones . of the 92 per cent of teens who went online every day , more than half said that meant using their phones several times a day . some 12 per cent admitted to using a gadget once a day , six per cent said they went online just once a week and a mere two per cent said it was less than that . addicted : overall facebook remains the most used social media site among teens with 71 per cent using it . in the largest ever systematic study of emails - examining more than 16 billion messages - researchers have found that most people send replies containing just five words . the study , which was conducted by researchers at yahoo labs and the university of southern california , also found that our email habits also follow remarkable patterns . replies become faster as the conversation progresses , but the researchers found they could tell when a email thread was about to end as the last reply was much slower than the previous replies . ' the long delay in a reply could be considered as a signal for the end of the conversation , ' said the researchers , led by farshad kooti , a computer scientist at the university of southern california . the study examined the emails sent by two million yahoo users over a period of several months . they found that on average younger people tend to spend less time composing an email - with a reply time of around 13 minutes on average for teenagers . young adults take 16 minutes , while those aged 36 to 50 years old spend around 24 minutes before sending their reply . phone ownership was almost ubiquitous among young people , meaning they grow up used to being able to access anything any time they want . the pew study found that nearly three-quarters of teens have access to a smartphone . some 30 per cent have a basic phone and just 12 per cent of 13 to 17-year-olds have no phone of any kind . the study also looked at social media and found that middle class teenagers were more likely to use snapchat , the controversial message service where the text and images disappears seconds after they are sent . the service has been blamed for a rise in ‘sexting’ , where young people send explicit pictures to each other . overall facebook remains the most used social media site among teens with 71 per cent using it . amanda lenhart , the lead author and associate director of research at the pew research centre , said : ‘there’s been a huge diversification of social media . ‘ if you are wondering where your child is , you probably need to cast a wide net , because there is a variety of places where your teen could be spending his or her social media time’ . previous studies have starkly illustrated the extent to which young people are addicted to their mobiles . smartphone users check their devices an average of 150 times a day as they can not bear to be apart from them , one research paper showed . the study showed that we are so addicted to their mobiles that we can not go 10 minutes without fiddling around with them . 