bitten : austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week ( pictured is hatfield with the snake that is believed to have bit him ) . a florida teen who kept a deadly wild snake in his bedroom as a pet and bragged about how many times he 'd kissed it was bitten on the mouth and rushed to the hospital saturday . austin hatfield , 18 , found the venomous water moccasin , also known as a cottonmouth , near his wimauma home last week . he 'd been keeping the serpent in a pillowcase when it escaped over the weekend . ' we was sitting in the kitchen and he ran out of the room saying hospital , hospital . now , now , ' hatfield 's best friend jason belcher told bay news 9 . hatfield was rushed to a tampa hospital in critical condition . bites from the cottonmouth are known to cause extreme swelling and can lead to death . but leading up to the incident , belcher said hatfield was n't at all concerned . ' alright he 's kissed it 12 times . the 13 was n't a lucky one , ' belcher said . ' he kisses it right on the head . right on the mouth . he 's not afraid of death . ' the snake on saturday night had escaped from its pillow case and slithered across hatfield 's stomach and off his bed , reports the tampa tribune . the fatal bite came hatfield tried to recapture the snake . lucky for hatfield , antivenom does exist for cottonmouths -- known by the name because of the white , gaping mouth they often display when threatened . gary morse , spokesman for the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission , said the worst has come and gone for hatfield . ' his condition has improved today and he is expected to recover , ' morse said . outdoorsy : the 18-year-old florida man is apparently a fan of snakes , as evidenced by at least one other photo on his facebook . morse said hatfield was possessing the snake illegally . in florida , a a permit is required in order to lawfully keep a venomous pet . the snake had to be captured and euthanized in order to ensure proper identification . morse urged other budding herpetologists not to make the same mistake as hatfield . ' it really does n't want to eat you , but it will protect itself , ' he said . ' cottonmouths have a reputation of being somewhat skittish when you get near them and they will readily defend themselves . ' alright he 's kissed it 12 times . the 13 was n't a lucky one , ' hatfield 's best friend jason belcher said . ' he kisses it right on the head . right on the mouth . he 's not afraid of death . '