rafa benitez is what he is ; an excellent cup manager . he proved this yet again on thursday , when his napoli side blitzed past europa league favourites wolfsburg by four goals to one on the germans ' home turf . but despite managing some of the continent 's most established clubs since leaving valencia just over a decade ago - liverpool , inter , chelsea ( albeit on an interim basis ) and napoli - he has amassed a grand total of zero league titles . benitez famously guided liverpool to the champions league in 2005 as he enjoyed cup successes . benitez remains popular at anfield , but when he left there were few regrets over his departure . donovan chandler is a liverpool fan writer on 90min.com . at anfield , we will be eternally grateful for the champions league trophy he delivered in 2005 , in spite of possessing what was , on paper at least , our worst accumulation of players in recent history . djimi traore , antonio nunez , milan baros and igor biscan - cult hero that he was - were all part of that unfathomably successful squad . all four were dispensed of either that summer or the one that followed . two years after instanbul , benitez was ( almost ) at it again with a side that better resembled the one he would have wanted , though it was n't quite good enough to overcome an improved ac milan side on this occasion . for all the spaniard 's successes , he also brought in the hapless djimi traore and czech forward milan baros . and although we ran manchester united a close second two seasons after that , we actually ended up further away from the premier league title than we had been in a number of years during his final campaign ( 2009-10 ) - a failure that signalled the end to an anfield tenure that also yielded our last fa cup . in between , he lumbered us with the josemi 's , albert riera 's and phillipp degen 's of this world ; none of us had many regrets over his departure - except , of course , that it was the catalyst for our introduction to roy hodgson . benitez won the fa cup with liverpool in 2006 on penalties against west ham . with fernando torres and steven gerrard playing well together , benitez got close to the title , but never won it . and for all his moments , i fully believe we are on the right track again under brendan rodgers , even if we ca n't quite clutch that final champions league spot this season - or miss out on the fa cup . that 's why , if rafa returns to england again in the summer - as is being speculated due to napoli 's serie a shortcomings this season - it will receive little more than a shrug from large sections of the kop . his league failings mean he is unlikely to be sworn in at any of our top-four rivals , unless manchester city need someone to keep the seat warm for their dream conquest pep guardiola . liverpool 's failure in the premier league means that benitez will always be remembered as a cup specialist . as far as my uneducated eyes can see , someone like west ham would be the best place for your money , if you 're that way inclined . a sudden influx of largely spanish-based signings would bring ( mostly temporary ) excitement and they 'd probably do well in the cups - enough to banish memories of the big sam years at least . that 's where rafa excels ; europa league success at stamford bridge and triumph in the coppa italia last term are further testament to this . but a threat to us and where we want to be ? it would only be a result of our own self-destruction . good luck , rafa . and thanks for the memories . 