model and actress sulinh lafontaine is not a daredevil stunt driver who raced in furious 7 - she just plays one on tv . in the run-up to the premiere of the latest installment in the fast & furious franchise , the athletic , petite brunette gained notice with her claims she was the sole female stunt driver in the action flick starring vin diesel , michelle rodriguez and dwayne johnson . but as the car blog jalopnik reported thursday , lafontaine has been brazenly misrepresenting herself as a member of the film 's crew . scroll down for video . pump the brakes : model and actress sulinh lafontaine has repeatedly said in interviews that she worked as a stunt driver on furious 7 , but this week she was unmasked as a fraud . need for speed : the 5-foot-5 , 95-pound actress told a blogger during the furious 7 premiere in la friday that she raced at speeds reaching 140mph on set . at a furious 7 premiere in los angeles last week , lafontaine posed with a lime-green challenger used in the movie and was interviewed by a blogger for a segment that was later featured on cnn 's ireport . in the interview , which has since been taken down , the 5-foot-5 , 95-pound actress gushed about how thrilling it was for her to join a major franchise like fast & furious . ' being both an actress and stunt driver , there is no better film to be involved in , ' she told her interviewer . when asked what it was like being the only female stunt car driver , lafontaine addressed some of the challenges of working in a male dominated-industry . ' female stunt drivers are far and few in between , ' she lamented , without missing a beat . 'it’s hard to break into the stunt industry , even harder if you are a female . ' but to be the only female stunt driver on a set of this magnitude was absolutely mind blowing ! i feel very honored . and blessed . ' ms lafontaine then talked about the filming process , saying she did most of her driving in the desert and that her record speed on the shoot was 140mph . joel kramer , the supervising stuntman for furious 7 , told jalopnik that his drivers usually do n't go above 50mph for safety reasons . nice try : lafontaine even photoshopped herself into a poster of the film , wedging her picture between michelle rodriguez and the late paul walker . cog in a machine : a stunt supervisor on furious 7 said lafontaine worked as an extra on the set ( pictured ) - one among some 1,500 people . more lies : during an interview with new york fashion times , lafontaine said she became licensed with the international stunt association in europe and later got certified as a stunt driver in california . when asked about the passing of fast & furious franchise stalwart paul walker , who was killed in a car crash last year , lafontaine said that he was sorely missed on the set , where she described the mood as very somber . ' but the job had to be done . the film had to be complete . it definitely ​was not an easy task , ' she noted . lafontaine then launched into a monologue about how proud she was to be part of the furious 7 stunt family , how she has never sought public recognition for her ' craft , ' and how driving was in her blood . 'it’s a lifelong passion , and i am just simply grateful i am able to live my passion , ' she concluded . during that interview , ms lafontaine causally mentioned that she has been in the stunt industry ' for a while ' - a statement that would come back to haunt her later on . the ireport from the hollywood premiere last friday raised some eyebrows among stunt drivers , who wasted no time calling lafontaine out as a con artist . backlash : members of the stunt community quickly called out lafontaine for her fibs on twitter and facebook , insisting that she was a fraud and a liar . brazen : lafontaine , pictured right with director marc scarpa , talked about the somber mood on the set after paul walker 's passing last year . eddie perez , a director and stunt coordinator , tweeted in response to lafontaine’s bold claims : ' social media and self promotion can be deceiving but you will get caught . ' stuntwoman heidi pascoe also did not mince words , calling the wannabe racer a ' liar ' and a ' fraud . ' tamiko b , another member of the stunt community , was equally harsh in her appraisal of lafontaine . all smiles : lafontaine proudly posed with action star jason statham , who starred in furious 7 . ' what a pathetic excuse for a person , you should be banned from the entertainment industry , ' she tweeted in reaction to the eviscerating jalopnik takedown of the bogus furious 7 crew member . as the automotive blog reported , lafontaine’s lie-riddled interview on ireport was not a matter of an ambitious performer getting carried away or fudging a few minor details , given that she has made similar claims on other occasions . during an interview with new york fashion times , lafontaine asserted that after being asked to perform car stunts in a movie she was in , she became licensed with the international stunt association in europe and later got certified as a stunt driver in california . after offering a jumbled response to a question about car brakes - lafontaine claimed stunt drivers do n't use brakes but instead ' rig ' emergency breaks - she mentioned that the latest film she worked on was furious 7 . kramer , the stun supervisor on the film , stated that lafontaine was not employed as a driver . her connection to the project did not go beyond her role as an extra in a crowd of 1,500 . he also refuted lafontaine’s assertion that she was the only female driver on set , saying that the production involved at least seven or eight female stunt doubles , including the veteran racer debbie evans leavitt . but lafontaine’s flickr account and imdb page painted a very different picture . on her photo-sharing page , the fashion designer and actress uploaded a black-and-white furious 7 poster , with her face crudely photoshopped between michelle rodriguez and the late paul walker . the post was accompanied by the hashtags # stuntdriver # workingactress # workinggirl . on her imdb page , lafontaine , who has about a dozen and half minor movie credits – including a manicurist in what just happened and a hotel guest in will smith’s hitch - is listed as an unaccredited ' race car driver ' in furious 7 . about-face : in response to the growing outrage sparked by her claims , lafontaine issued a statement on her facebook monday apologizing for a ' misunderstanding ' . small-time thespian : lafontaine has about a dozen and half minor movie credits – including a manicurist in what just happened and a hotel guest in will smith’s hitch . she listed furious 7 as her most recent project on imdb , describing herself as an unaccredited ' race car driver ' in the film . in response to the growing backlash sparked by her furious 7 premiere interview , lafontaine issued a muddled statement on her facebook monday apologizing for a ' misunderstanding . ' ‘ dear friends and co-workers , please accept my humblest apologies for any confusion and/or misunderstandings with regards to the cnn ireport article “ furious 7 world premiere with female stunt car driver sulinh lafontaine , ’ she wrote . ‘ as you are all aware i am new to this industry and i am learning as i go along . i had no idea that an inconsequential interview of a few questions about my experience working with all of you , would create such a rift between us . ‘ i assure you , i meant no harm and i hope you will accept my apologies for any inconvenience it may have caused . i am new to this industry and i hope that in the future you can give me advice on how to better handle this type of situation , if it ever arises again . ‘ the article has now been taken down . thanks for being understanding while i learn the hollywood ropes . ’ miss lafontaine has since deleted her facebook and twitter accounts . daily mail reached out to the actress for comment but has not received a reply as of 10pm thursday .