the andaz liverpool street hotel in london used to be bedlam , but not through cavalier management , rebellious staff or disruptive guests . the victorian building that houses it is built on the site of england’s first hospital for the mentally ill - the bethlehem royal hospital , which opened in 1247 and was often pronounced as ‘bedlam’ . fast forward a few centuries and in its place is a swanky , celebrity-baiting boutique hotel with 267 rooms - four of which have been decorated by trendy artists . and instead of mental health patients , it 's the likes of beyonce , lil kim and lady gaga that stay here these days . silence is golden : step into the andaz liverpool street lobby and you 're in a world of hushed swankery . star guests : the likes of lady gaga ( right ) and beyonce ( left ) are fans of the andaz liverpool street . historic : andaz liverpool street is built on the site of england 's first hospital for the mentally ill . the striking thing about walking into the lobby is just how serene it is . despite its proximity to one of the country’s busiest railway stations and the frenetic bishopsgate road , the foyer is a place of almost temple-like peacefulness , as if hermetically sealed from the outside . ‘ who turned off london ? ’ i ask my girlfriend as we walk in . the check-in system is very apple store . the foyer doesn’t have a reception , it has amiable youngsters swanning around with ipads , which you use to register . our room on the third floor matches the foyer in the hushed stakes , with the traffic noise quite marvellously suppressed . even emergency service sirens are little more than distant bleeps . the vibe in this large king room is minimalist chic , with two distinctive red eames chairs and a sleek wooden desk with jacob jacobsen lamp . but we’ve chosen it for a certain bespoke flourish , for this is one of four rooms in the andaz which has been decorated by trendy artists . our room has a gigantic mural created by patrick vale and paul davis called one day walk plastered across one of the walls . the three other ‘ art rooms’ contain works by chris price and his wife and collaborator delisia howard , design studio ilovedust and patrick morgan . art of the matter : mailonline stays in the andaz 's quirky one day walk room , which features a huge mural by patrick vale and paul davis . big draw : patrick vale ( right ) and paul davis ( left ) put the finishing touches on their amazing one day walk picture . creative : the pearly room - also king-sized - features a flamboyant piece of art by chris price . easel does it : internationally renowned british artist patrick morgan reveals his andaz street art room - the day the flower rose . multi-disciplinary english artists ilovedust’s east my dust street art room will also appeal to those who fancy a quirky twist to their stay . one day walk is a celebration of the hotel’s east side locale , documenting a nine-hour walk the artists took that began with breakfast at st john bread and wine and wound its way past st paul’s cathedral , hawksmoor church , brick lane and columbia road , of flower-market fame . it’s a jumble of sketches , ponderings and quotes from overheard conversations that some might find a bit overwhelming , but we find mesmerising . a work of art that adds a splash of attitude and intrigue to a room with low-key aesthetics . the room’s other major talking point is the bed . it’s simply magnificently huge and comfortable , seemingly spanning multiple postcodes . there’s a lot of floor space , too . i’m tempted to zig-zag my way to the bathroom to extract maximum value from it . delightful design : the andaz liverpool street features a knowing nod to new york 's guggenheim museum . suite deal : the andaz also contains bigger rooms with a living-room set-up . there is also an ipod dock , which would have been spiffing… if we had ipods . the andaz should really invest in some bluetooth-capable sound systems as mobile phones tend to be the portable music system of choice these days . the aforementioned en-suite , meanwhile , is strikingly swish , with floor-to-ceiling tiling , a deep bath and turbo-charged power shower . room inspection over , it’s time to explore the rest of the hotel . the andaz has made the business of sauntering around inside all the more pleasant by dispersing a zesty fragrance through diffusers and , i 'm told , courtesy of housekeeping staff armed with sprays . it 's called ' darjeeling ' and was created specifically for the hotel by a company called t london , which claims it ' relaxes and renews ' . this aroma wafts around rather pleasing aesthetics . the hotel opened as the great eastern in 1884 and was given a terence ‘habitat’ conran makeover in 2000 after it had fallen into disrepair . the result is most eye-catching , with a postmodern , sleek interior contrasting markedly with the redbrick exterior . a highlight is the soaring six-storey-high atrium and a winning nod to the guggenheim museum built into the ' spine ' of the hotel that joins the old part with a newer section . guests looking up as they walk to the lifts in the foyer will notice the walkways above have been sculpted to imitate the new york museum’s world-famous spiral design . very clever . the refurb , meanwhile , revealed something rather intriguing and dan brown - a greek masonic temple hidden behind a fake wall . built using 12 types of italian marble and mahogany panelling , it was considered one of the grandest masonic temples of its time . masons began using it again for meetings when it was uncovered and while it 's not open to guests , this ornate room can be hired by the public , with wine tastings and wedding receptions popular bookings . our appetite for the mysterious sated , it 's time to dine . mysterious : when the hotel was refurbished in 2000 builders found this incredible masonic temple behind a fake wall . today it is available for hire . flaming brilliant : once a month the andaz hosts a candle-lit dinner in its 1901 restaurant . tasty : the standard of cooking at the andaz is stunning and the setting truly relaxing . food , glorious food : the presentation of the dishes at 1901 is stunning . pictured is a crab starter . casual : breakfast and brunch is served at the andaz 's eastway cafe , where the atmosphere is more informal . brute of a breakfast : the full english option at eastway will satisfy the hungriest of customers . dinner at the andaz , in its 1901 restaurant , is truly an experience to savour . feeding takes place in a space that’s almost other worldly , a grand high-ceilinged room containing huge mount olympus-style pillars , gigantic potted plants that only hercules could lift and a central block brimming with cocktail-making juices , as one of side of the room functions as a bar . the setting is enhanced because it 's 1901’s candlelight dinner night which takes place on the last wednesday of every month . three hundred and fifty candles are lit and placed around the room for added dreaminess . the food quality is equally impressive . it 's so beautifully presented you could call it art , frame it and hang it . i savour a delicious crab starter with cucumber , grapefruit and blackberry jelly ( £14 ) followed by a brilliantly executed beef fillet with potato cake , oxtail spring roll , stilton beignet , carrot and courgette puree ( £29 ) . a glass of 2006 woodlands margaret river cabernet sauvignon/merlot from australia complements it marvellously . brunch the next day in the hotel 's eastway diner is far more casual , but memorable all the same . the diy bloody mary bar there is a great idea , but i summon a revitalising oatmeal and banana smoothie and a dreadnought of an english breakfast served in a huge roll from an interesting and fun new york-style menu . it 's delicious but i feel anchored to my seat , so it 's time to abandon the tranquillity of the andaz and follow in the footsteps of vale and davis through the streets of the east end to walk it off . rooms at andaz liverpool street start at £180 . room with a view large king rooms available to book from £378 on weekdays ( sunday to thursday night ) and £252 on weekends ( friday & saturday ) , subject to availability . they can be booked by clicking here . visit andazliverpoolstreet.com for more information . call 020 7618 5010 for room reservations . general number : 020 7961 1234 . 