all the smiles can not hide the reality that mccluskey and his union are a potent , sinister force in british politics . out on the election campaign trail under blue skies in south wales , the trade union firebrand 's manner was as warm as the weather . ' did n't you once call me a slab-faced marxist ? ' the famously militant leader of unite asked me with a grin that was more genial than menacing . i had to confess i had . but that did not stop ' red ' len mccluskey giving me the time of day on a street in neath as he conducted a two-day tour of the principality to drum up support for labour 's cause . watching him in action , it was clear that he is highly popular with activists . his gospel of traditional hard-left socialism goes down well with the converted , as does his hackneyed anti-conservative bile . ' we look to wales as a beacon of hope to show what a labour government can do . the tories might have the money but we 've got the working people on our side , ' he said to cheers and applause . yet all the smiles can not hide the reality that mccluskey and his union are a potent , sinister force in british politics , seeking to use their financial and organisational muscle within the labour movement to drag britain back to the dark days of the 1970s . as the mail reveals today , the sheer scale of the influence unite holds on scores of labour candidates is chilling given the socialist revolution the union would seek to impose . indeed , mccluskey , a former liverpool dock worker who keeps a drawing of lenin in his office and once boasted of presiding over more strikes than any other union boss , is quite open about his yearning for that period when the unions held the government to ransom : ' we are supposed to believe that the seventies was a horrible time . it was n't . it was a time of great advances for working people , ' he has said . labour 's umbilical link to mccluskey 's union has received much less attention in recent days than a potential deal with the left-wing , anti-austerity snp , yet it is just as potentially disastrous for the governance of this country . not only is unite – which has a claimed membership of 1.42million – intertwined with the labour party 's structure , mps and finances , but it also remains addicted to the failed socialist policies of the past , including a major expansion in the public sector , less flexibility in the workplace , higher taxation and ever more state spending . just like nicola sturgeon , mccluskey wants to make labour bolder , ' more radical , courageous and brave ' . only last month , he appeared to threaten illegal action if a tory government pushed through further restrictions on strikes in the public sector . ' when the law is misguided , when it oppresses people and removes their freedoms , can we respect it ? i am not really posing the question , i 'm giving the answer . it ai n't going to happen , ' he declared . despite all his talk about the oppression of working people , however , he has not done badly for himself . last year it was revealed he received a £5,000 rise , taking his pay and pensions package to £140,281 . mccluskey has denied that he has too much influence over ed miliband , adding that unite is supporting the party '100 per cent ' . mccluskey 's determination to influence labour was all too evident in wales . with an air of quasi-regal grandeur , he visited several factories , gave talks to labour activists and held a number of photo opportunities – including one in cardiff at the statute of that old champagne socialist nye bevan . when i spoke to mccluskey , he downplayed his hardline socialism , instead talking about the need for investment in industry and the economy . and he denied that he had too much influence over ed miliband 's party : ' if only that were true , ' he said , while proclaiming his loyalty to the cause . ' unite is supporting labour 100 per cent , ' he said , adding that is now campaigning ' all over the country ' . yet there was something synthetic about mccluskey 's protestations of support for labour . as i watched him at close quarters , it became more apparent that he was going through the motions . when asked in an interview with bbc radio wales about miliband 's leadership , mccluskey could say only : ' he 's doing ok ' . beneath the surface , i have no doubt he longs to hear ed offering more nakedly socialist policies , rather than trying to appeal to middle england . moreover , if labour and unite really think that mccluskey is an asset in the election , they are doing their best to keep quiet about it . when i tried to find out mccluskey 's schedule for his welsh visit from any number of unite and labour sources , including mccluskey 's own press officer , i was greeted with either hostility or silence . no one would give me any information . it was only through persistence and good luck that i managed to track him down , to the outrage of his press officer who asked me paranoiacally : ' how did you find us ? did you fit a tracking device to len 's car ? ' that kind of anxiety and suspicion shows more than just a lack of confidence . it reveals a fear that , just as with sturgeon 's spendthrift radicalism , the hard-left dogma of unite is likely to alienate floating middle-of-the-road voters . such fears are , of course , only too justified . for this is no small-town demagogue . on the contrary , mccluskey is pivotal to labour 's future because of the stranglehold his union has over the party . it was unite and the other affiliated unions that ensured ed miliband was elected leader in 2010 against his more moderate brother david , who enjoyed greater popularity among labour mps and the rank and file . since 2010 , unite is estimated to have donated at least £14.4million to labour 's coffers . it was unite and the other affiliated unions that ensured ed miliband ( pictured left ) was elected leader in 2010 against his more moderate brother david ( right ) . the dominance of unite runs right through labour 's organisation , with huge implications for the make-up of a putative miliband government . one recent analysis showed that 159 labour mps from the last parliament receive sponsorship from unite or are members of the union , including senior frontbenchers such as harriet harman , angela eagle , hilary benn and sadiq khan . in addition , 133 labour candidates at this election are reported to have links to unite . as martin mayer , chairman of unite 's political committee and a member of labour 's national executive recently admitted , the union is involved in a ' serious attempt to win back the party ' . tragically for britain , there is now a real danger that an incoming labour government would be forced to lurch even further to the left , not just by snp by also by unite , with miliband too weak to stand up to those who are determined he will be their puppet in downing street .