an eight-year-old boy penned a letter to health conscious michelle obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough . according to peter 's father , the letter submitted to the weekly standard took six-months to write because troubled peter was ' too angry ' to write it all down in one sitting . in addition to telling michelle obama that public school children ca n't live on one packet of ketchup alone , peter criticizes the first lady for america 's lack of troops in the middle east and in the ukraine . he also suggests that the united states bomb syria . dear michelle obama : an eight-year-old boy named peter penned a letter to health conscious michelle obama to tell her one ketchup packet at lunch simply is not enough and that the united states should bomb syria . dear michelle obama , my name is peter . i am eight years old . i love studying history of the u.s.a . i have enjoyed learning about the great choices the usa has made… . and then their was your husbands election . i think you should rethink your idea that takes us to one ketchup packet per meal . i feel it is taking away from our patriotism toward america . i also think you should stop doing nothing and go send some troops to the middle east . i also think your husband needs to work on his speeches . he also disappointed millions of americans by not bombing syria . if you do not know thousands of peoples homes are destroyed by isis in the middle east . you should also get the un to send troops to ukraine . also may i ask you , is the white house comfortable ? thank you for your time and consideration . signed , a concerned 8 year old citizen , peter .  ' my name is peter . i am eight years old , ' reads the letter . ' i love studying the history of the usa . i have enjoyed learning about the great choices the usa has made… and then there was your husband’s election . i think you should rethink your idea that takes us to one ketchup packet per meal . i feel that it is taking away our patriotism toward america , ' he writes . peter then writes michelle obama that her husband president obama needs to ' work on his speeches . ' not only does peter criticize obama 's speeches , he offers his bull dog view on american foreign policy . ' i also think you should stop doing nothing and go send some troops to the middle east , ' says the letter . health crusader : michelle obama has set health guidelines in place at schools to fight the nation 's obesity problem but has been criticized for not offering enough funding . ' i also think your husband needs to work on his speeches . he also disappointed millions of americans by not bombing syria . if you do not know every day thousands of people’s homes are destroyed by the isis in the middle east . you should also get the u.n. to send troops to ukraine [ e ] , ' the letter continues . peter 's father told the weekly standard that he found the letter on his son 's desk and that it took his boy months to angrily write it . peter 's mother said that her son does not need to worry about having just one ketchup packet at lunch because he goes to a private school . that 's when peter apparently precociously told his parents he wanted to ' give a voice to the voiceless , ' reports the weekly standard . the end of peter 's letter alluded to the first family 's cushy accommodations . ' is the white house comfortable ? ' concludes the letter from ' a concerned citizen . ' not so filling : public school students around the country have posted their paltry lunches to criticize michelle obama for her health guidelines they say are making them hungry .  