it had seemed likely to be the moment amateur jockey lewis ferguson had dreamt of – a first win on his first ride for new boss , champion trainer paul nicholls . but as he approaches the final fence of the john dufosee memorial hunter chase at wincanton , clear leader merrion square swerves and he loses his balance . as merrion square cleanly jumps the fence alongside him , the 18-year-old rider’s waist collides with the fence with such force that he pivots . the birch of the fence acts like a spring board as ferguson is made to look like a crash-test dummy as his momentum is brought to a juddering halt . 18-year-old amateur jockey lee ferguson is flung from his horse in spectacular fashion at wincanton . the jockey from hawick is propelled into an almost perfect 360 degree trajectory . his feet point directly to the sky as he continues through a spectacular and heart-stopping rotation that remarkably has all the grace of an olympic gymnast on his way to maximum points for artistic interpretation . ferguson’s whip goes flying as he begins to exit his spin and the turf starts to rush towards the disorientated young jockey . there is no time to brace himself for the impact with the on-rushing turf which is about to face him but fortunately at least he has been thrown clear of the chasing horses . jockey ferguson hits the fence after his ride stumbles wildly on the approach to the fence . colliding with the barrier forces the amateur jockey into a spectacular mid-air somersault . merrion square was a hotly tipped favourite to win the 4.20 at wincanton on wednesday . impact imminent , no evasion . ferguson bounces back to earth but remarkably suffers no more than being briefly winded . he is able to stand and walk away with minimum assistance from attendants . a relieved nicholls later jokes : ‘ the only thing damaged is his pride ! ’ while ferguson says : ‘ i wasn’t aware of what had happened until after i watched the replay in the weighing room . i was just a bit winded . i have never had a fall like that before . it is not something you can practise for . hopefully , it will never happen again . i am on the television but not for the right reasons . coombe hill won the race at 4-1 for trainer and former jockey chris honour . ferguson escaped the fall with only ' dented pride ' according to trainer paul nicholls . ferguson crashes to the turf but managed to walk away from the freak fall unscathed . meanwhile , nicholls expects to have a team of four riders competing at the grand national on april 11 as he tries to win the event for a second time . the champion trainer 's assault on the world 's greatest steeplechase will be led rocky creek and rising star unioniste with a supporting cast of royal rebellion and mon parrain . ' i look like having four runners in the crabbie 's grand national with rocky creek and unioniste the two leading players for team ditcheat , ' nicholls told www.betfair.com . merrion square trainer nicholls will have four horses racing at the grand national on april 11 .  