prince charles has led tributes to the girl dubbed the '100-year-old teenager ' as hundreds of mourners gathered for her funeral . in a letter to hayley okines 's grieving parents charles described the 17-year-old progeria sufferer , who died earlier this month , as ' an inspiration to millions ' . there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and only 4 in the uk - it causes people to age eight times faster than the usual rate . scroll down for video . prince charles ' letter was read at hayley 's funeral by father michael bailey at all saints church in sidley , bexhill-on-sea , east sussex . her tiny turquoise coffin ( pictured ) is carried out of the church . in a letter ( pictured ) to hayley 's parents charles described her as ' an inspiration to millions ' . in his letter the prince said he had been ' deeply impressed by her incredible spirit and her infectious love of life ' when they met at the children of courage event at westminster abbey in 2004 . charles ' letter was read at hayley 's funeral by father michael bailey at all saints church in sidley , bexhill-on-sea , east sussex , where more than 250 colourfully-dressed mourners gathered this afternoon . on clarence house-headed paper , charles told hayley 's parents kerry and mark : ' i know that she was an inspiration to millions in the way she dealt with the unimaginable challenge of progeria . ' you must be so very proud of the way that she used her brief life to make such a difference to the lives of others through her charity work and i do hope you can take some comfort , despite all the anguish you must be suffering , in her truly astounding achievements . more than 250 colourfully-dressed mourners gathered at the church for hayley 's funeral this afternoon . hayley 's mother kerry watches as her daughter 's coffin is carried into the church before the funeral . hayley 's mother kerry ( pictured ) broke down as she paid tribute to her daughter at her funeral today . ' it is all the most tremendous credit to the unfailing love and care which i know your family gave her . i fear that under such unspeakably sad circumstances mere words are hopelessly and utterly inadequate . prince charles wrote a letter to hayley 's grieving parents calling her ' an inspiration to millions ' . ' so although i realise only too well that it will be of no consolation whatsoever , all we can do is to hold you in our most special thoughts and prayers at such a heart-rending time . ' yours , with the greatest sympathy , charles . ' hayley 's tiny turquoise-coloured coffin was carried into church by pallbearers in front of mourners who had gathered from countries including america , portugal and belgium . candles were lit before hayley 's younger sister ruby sang a song called you 're free , which included the line : ' god takes the best ... there must 've been a reason why they took you first . ' in a personal address to the church , ruby then spoke of her fond memories of hayley , whose death prompted tributes from celebrities she had met , including justin bieber . ruby told the congregation that ' she could not ask for a better sister ' , adding : ' now we all have to be strong about it . i still ca n't get my head around it . ' hayley 's mother broke down as she paid tribute to her daughter , telling mourners : ' this is the hardest thing i have ever had to do . ' i 'm so proud to call you my daughter . you are the reason why i got out of bed in the morning and managed to put one foot in front of another . ' mrs okines said she loved hayley 's ' sarcasm , dry sense of humour and stubbornness ' . and she added : ' i ca n't imagine spending the rest of my life without you . ' mr okines spoke of his ' very special girl ' in a poem read out in church . he said : ' hayley , if you can hear me , i love you so much . ' a slideshow depicting some of hayley 's achievements and the people she had met throughout her short life were played on a big screen in church . the prince of wales mets hayley at the annual children of courage awards at westminster abbey in 2002 . when she was 13 hayley met her favourite popstar justin bieber ( both pictured ) - much to her delight . hayley and her parents ( pictured ) when she appeared in a documentary about her illness . they included cherished images of the youngster on holidays , on outings , with friends and family , and with celebrities including kylie minogue , frank lampard , john terry and norman wisdom . father michael read excerpts from hayley 's book , old before my time , published when she was 14 , before paying tribute to her ' courage ' in an address . he said : ' she has touched the hearts and minds of many people , in the parish , in sidley , the nation and internationally , too . ' we all of us one day will depart this life and will we have the same courage as this young lady to face the problems of life so head on ? ' not to wish away our problems but to deal with them to directly with strong determination . ' father michael said hayley 's ' memory and legacy ' would never be forgotten . there are 74 known cases of progeria around the world and hayley was one of only four in the uk . floral tributes for hayley pictured outside all saints church in bexhill-on-sea ahead of her funeral today . hayley okines ' mother kerruy leads friends and family as they arrive at all saints church in bexhill-on-sea . the hundreds of colourfully dressed mourners follow hayley 's coffin as it is taken away from the church . and he went on : ' hayley 's smile tells us that she lived an action-packed life . it is hard to keep up with all her adventures , as a 13-year-old girl she hugged justin bieber . ' she was a teenager with all the hopes and excitements of life . this is her memory , her legacy , to live for the day and to do so with courage . ' following prayers , hayley 's coffin was brought out of church to do n't stop by 5 seconds of summer , before a private committal . hayley and her family had fundraised for her medical treatment and to raise public understanding of the condition . hayley became well-known three years ago when she was part of a documentary about her premature ageing condition . she suffered from the rare disease progeria which ages the body at eight times the normal rate . progeria takes its name from the greek word ' proeros ' , meaning prematurely old . it involves a mutant protein called progerin that accelerates physical ageing . there are around 74 known cases of the disease around the world and only four in the uk . 10 year old progeria child will have the appearance of an octogenarian with symptoms including baldness , arthritis and heart problems , but the mind of a 10 year old . progeria patients normally die from heart attacks or strokes at an average age of 13 . but hayley , from bexhill , east sussex , defied the odds to live four more years and even published an autobiography about living with the disease . her story was catapulted into the limelight after she starred in documentaries called the girl who is older than her mother and world 's oldest teenager : extraordinary people . her autobiography , called old before my time , detailed pop-star crushes and a dislike of school . but it was also a moving insight into how a child copes with a disease which resulted in hayley having the body of a 105-year-old . in an interview with the sunday people in 2013 , her mother described the hell of living with the disease . ' the most difficult part is hayley has the mind of a normal 13-year-old girl locked in an old person 's body , ' she said . ' someone else has to get her a drink as she 's too small to reach taps by herself . ' and buying fashionable clothes is tough because she still wears clothes for a five-year-old . hayley , who turned 17 on december 3 , left school last summer . however , despite pioneering drug treatment in the us that gave her a new lease of life , she was unable to conquer the disease . her health deteriorated and she contracted pneumonia , and died at home on april 2 . her death was announced on april 3 when her mother kerry posted on facebook : ' my baby girl has gone somewhere better . she took her last breath in my arms at 9.39pm x . ' hayley 's parents have previously described the heartache her condition had caused . her mother said : ' [ when she was born ] she had fine blonde hair , blue eyes and her father and i were besotted with her . ' at 10 months she walked for the first time – we were so proud . ' the only concern was she was so petite and did n't appear to be growing . ' but as i 'm only 5ft 4ins i tried to tell myself she simply took after me . ' hayley and her family fundraised for her medical treatment and to raise public understanding of the condition . at 13 months , hayley still wore clothes for a three-month-old , so her mother took her to their gp . tests revealed she had a rare gene mutation called hutchinson-gilford progeria . next came the devastating news that hayley would only live until the age of 13 . determined to make the most of the time she had , the family embarked on giving hayley amazing memories . members of the local community raised thousands of pounds to pay for her to go to disneyland in california . in her short life , hayley went swimming with dolphins , travelled all over the world , met prince charles , kylie minogue and justin bieber and starred in several tv documentaries . despite her terrible prognosis , the teenager remained upbeat . ' in many ways i feel i 've been lucky . because of this i 've met more people and done more than many do in a lifetime , ' she said .