australia 's ' tiny hearts and balls of steel ' , it 's apparently the perfect combination in dealing with asylum seeker boats , and a policy which could be copied by britain , according to a british commentator . controversial the sun columnist katie hopkins has heaped praise on tony abbott 's government for its success in stopping the boats , which was a key election plank . but her backhanded compliments may not sit well with our policy-makers and social justice groups , in which she claimed australia 's strategy of ' threatening them with violence ' , was the way forward . ' it 's time to get australian , ' she wrote . scroll down for video . ' threaten them with violence until they bugger off ' . controversial uk commentator katie hopkins has written that australia 's approach of having ' balls of steel and tiny hearts ' should be followed as policy by the brits . ' they ( australians ) threaten them with violence until they bugger off , throwing cans of castlemaine in an aussie version of sharia stoning ' said katie hopkins . australian prime minister tony abbott has been ' praised ' for leading the charge to stop the boats . ' their approach to migrant boats is the sort of approach we need in the med . ' they threaten them with violence until they bugger off , throwing cans of castlemaine in an aussie version of sharia stoning . ' her tone has won few friends in europe and her timing , even less so , slammed as it coincided with the drowning of up to 900 men , women and children on a sunken fishing boat , off italy . hopkins went on to write : ' make no mistake , these migrants are like cockroaches . ' ' australians are like british people but with balls of steel , can-do brains , tiny hearts and whacking great gunships . ' and their approach is working . migrant boats have halved in number since prime minister tony abbott got tough . ' but her inflammatory remarks has led to an outcry on social media and tens of thousands joining a change.org campaign to have her removed . a campaign has been launched by the social justice website change.org to have katie hopkins removed by the sun as a columnist . the backlash against hopkins ' thoughts was immediate with her views slammed in social media . twitter lit up with commentary on katie hopkins ' controversial views . she has suggested the uk follow australia 's approach and ' threaten them with violence ' . katie hopkins said : ' and their ( australian ) approach is working . migrant boats have halved in number since prime minister tony abbott got tough . ' hopkins continued with her comments , saying : ' they might look a bit like ' bob geldof 's ethiopia circa 1984 ' , but they are built to survive a nuclear bomb . ' bring on the gunships , force migrants back to their shores and burn the boats . ' she stated that areas of the uk had now become ' festering sores , plagued by swarms of migrants and asylum seekers , shelling out benefits like monopoly money ' . hopkins stated that areas of the uk had now become ' festering sores , plagued by swarms of migrants and asylum seekers , shelling out benefits like monopoly money ' . 