 a u.s. father who enlisted the help of social media users to record a message for his son from the tooth fairy - whom the youngster believes is from australia - has thanked the man who answered his appeal . jacob hall invented the ruse that the tooth fairy lived thousands of kilometres away down under for his seven-year-old son , evan , when he was late paying up the last time around . father-of-three jeff pyrotek , from seymour in victoria , answered mr hall 's call for help and uploaded his finished product on soundcloud . scroll down for audio . jacob hall , from iowa , asked australian redditors to make a recording from the tooth fairy for his son , evan . mr hall , from iowa , said his son was ' totally overjoyed ' with the message . ' my son woke up this morning and found a reply to his letter saying `` evan , thank you for leaving me another tooth . i left something special for you on dad 's phone '' , ' mr hall said . ' he burst into my room and woke me up at 6am of course , frantically explaining to me that i have to check my phone because the tooth fairy told him so . ' mr hall told daily mail australia evan had not stopped talking about his ' australian tooth fairy ' ever since this happened . he added he was ' so humbled ' by the overwhelming response he had received . ' initially , i hoped to get one or two responses to my request , but the outpouring of kind words and support from the [ australia subreddit ] community was unbelievable , ' mr hall said . evan ( pictured with dad jacob ) , 7 , believes the tooth fairy is from australia because once the fabled creature was ' a little late ' in coming to leave money for the child in exchange for his tooth . jeff pyrotek , from seymour in victoria , made the message for the little boy named evan on the request of mr hall . mr hall said evan believed the tooth fairy was from down under , so the u.s. father had to enlist the help of an australian to compose the message . mr hall said his son had not stopped talking about his ' australian tooth fairy ' ever since this happened . ' the only problem was that last time he lost a tooth , the tooth fairy showed up a day late ... so i told him his tooth fairy had to travel from australia , and sometimes that can take a while , ' he said . the man behind the recording told daily mail australia he wanted to make evan 's day by recording the message . ' i was doing someone a favour and spreading love around the world , ' mr pyrotek said . ' if i can make a child 's life a bit happier and more magical , i 'll do it . children are the future of the world . ' it took five minutes of work that could make a kids day . it felt good doing it . ' mr hall 's post , which he uploaded under the psuedonym safetysecond , has attracted more than 100 comments in less than 24 hours after social media users weighed in on what the message for evan should be . he said his seven-year-old son wrote letters to the tooth fairy and he wanted to do something to ' really put a smile ' on evan 's face . one redditor captain a**ehole suggested : 'g'day little fella . thanks fer wroitin ' moi another great letter . all the teeth yer leave me are real shoiny , they 're beaut . ' i know yer have a few teeth ter lose , but it wo n't be a problem for a little battler like yerself . ' got ta get back down under now , me hubby is about ter run outta tinnies and strewth we would n't want that would we . hooroo mate ! ' the tooth fairy ( as played by the rock in the 2010 movie , tooth fairy ) is a fictional character who leaves money for children in exchange for their lost teeth . mr pyrotek , also known as thesuperevilclown , is a father-of-three who wanted to brighten a little boy 's day . he said it took five minutes to record and clean it up before uploading it onto soundcloud . it attracted 3,000 listens in 16 hours . while come_on_how offered up : ' ow you goin ' , evaan ? cheers for the letter , mate . ' all your teeth have been f**king gold champ , keep it up . ' i know you have a few of those buggers left ; but i know you smash 'em out quick smart , huh ? ' have to head back down to the missus now ; but i 'll see your little mug again in no time . ' but mr pyrotek settled on a message with less australian slang . ' hi evan , thanks for writing me another great letter , ' he is heard reciting in a broad australian accent . ' all the teeth that you leave me are so shiny . i know you still have a few teeth to lose but that wo n't be a problem for a tough boy like you . ' i have to get back home to australia now but i will talk to you again soon . do n't forget to brush your teeth . ' thank you from the tooth fairy . by the way my name’s really bruce . ' the response to the recording has been overwhelming , with more than 3,000 plays in 16 hours .