if you sometimes get the feeling that good manners are in short supply these days then take heart from the boy who sent a handwritten apology to a bookstore after being sick there – and included a ben & jerry’s gift card . the boy , 14-year-old jack cordero , from portland , oregon , vomited all over the floor of a powell’s bookstore in the city in march . the manager said the mess was ‘gigantic’ and had to clean it up , along with her assistant manager . good manners : jack cordero , from portland , wrote this sincere apology to staff at a bookstore after being sick . however , her spirits were raised when she received a handwritten apology about the vomit from the boy responsible , along with a gift card for ice cream . the letter , which arrived at powell 's on april 1 and was marked ‘ attention barf cleaners’ , read : ‘ this ben and jerry’s card is for the people who cleaned up the throw-up of a kid on friday 28 . ‘ i don’t know their names but i thank them a lot and i’m sorry again for throwing up and hope you enjoy your ice cream . ’ the manager of powell 's bookstore in portland ( pictured ) , was forced to clean up jack 's vomit - but said his apology letter and gift card made her day . it was signed ‘ jack , aka the kid that puked right next to the bathroom’ . manager jennifer wicka told buzzfeed that the mess was ‘ gigantic in diameter’ , perhaps stretching to about 12 feet , and that the apology made her day . she said : ‘ i opened it up and read it and it totally made my day . i’m pretty grumpy about people and humanity . oh man , some people are good . ’ a picture of the envelope and letter was uploaded to twitter by a friend of ms wicka’s , liz crain , and it subsequently went viral . hundreds of people have since commented on jack’s good nature . writing on buzzfeed , caitlin lindberg said : ‘ jack your mama must be hella proud because you’re a good person , way to go on restoring faith in humanity man ! ’ margaret thym , meanwhile , said that jack ‘ is on his way to being a fantastic adult’ . 