the boy scouts ' new york chapter said thursday that it has hired the nation 's first openly gay eagle scout as a summer camp leader , which is in public contrast to the national scouting organization 's ban on openly gay adult members . the boy scouts ' greater new york councils said they hired pascal tessier , an 18-year-old eagle scout who has been a vocal advocate of opening the 105-year-old organization to gay scouts and leaders . board member richard g. mason said the councils see tessier as ' an exemplary candidate for employment as a camp leader . ' scroll down for video . boy scout pascal tessier , 18 , center left , and his brother lucien tessier , 20 , who had earned the rank of eagle scout , pose for a portrait with their parents , oliver tessier , left , and tracie felker , at their home . on thursday the boy scouts new york chapter announced it hired pascal tessier as the nation 's first openly gay eagle scout as a summer camp leader . ' we welcome him , ' mason said in a statement . the boy scouts of america did n't immediately respond to an inquiry about the hire . the national organization changed its policy in 2013 to allow openly gay kids as scouts , but not adults as leaders , after a bitter debate over its membership policy . the change took effect in january 2014 . advocates for letting gays participate in scouting hailed tessier 's hire . ' this is a watershed moment , ' zach wahls , executive director of scouts for equality , said in a statement . ' we are proud to see such an important boy scout council standing up for the full inclusion of gay members . ' when the national boy scouts began allowing gay boys as scouts , liberal scout leaders and gay rights groups celebrated the shift but called for allowing gay adults to participate , too . conservatives involved with the scouts , including some churches that sponsor troops , decried letting any gays — including kids — participate , and some threatened to defect if the ban were lifted . the boy scouts of america has said it does n't `` proactively inquire '' about members ' sexual orientation — in effect , a form of ' do n't ask , do n't tell . ' tessier 's hiring is in contrast to the national scouting organizationís ban on openly gay adult members . but it has expelled adults who were open about it , including a gay troop leader in seattle who was removed last year after he disclosed his orientation during a tv interview . regardless , some local boy scout councils have let it be known they are open to gay employees , but the new york councils ' move presents an unusually acute departure from the national policy . the 103-year-old new york group says it has never denied membership to a youth or adult based on sexual orientation , and it did n't want its policy to be affected by the national group 's stance . the new york councils serve over 46,000 scouts . tessier achieved scouting 's highest rank last year after being one of the most prominent openly gay scouts speaking out to change the ban on gay participation . the kensington , maryland , teen said then he was relieved finally to have his eagle badge approved by the scouts ' national headquarters in irving , texas . ' even if i had been kicked out along the way , i would n't have changed anything , ' he said . ' the whole experience was something worth having , not only for myself but also for all the other people involved — and for all the people it affects . '