selfie queen karen danczuk has revealed her ambition to be an mp – insisting she could relate to ordinary women unlike the current crop of female politicians . mrs danczuk said women were turned off politics because there was no-one in parliament like them . the glamorous labour councillor , who is married to the outspoken mp simon danczuk , said parliament needed people like her ‘ to bring it back down to reality’ . scroll down for video . selfie queen karen danczuk told lbc 's nick ferrari ( pictured ) in liverpool today that she aspired to be an mp – insisting she could relate to ordinary women unlike the current crop of female politicians . mrs danczuk , 31 , who revealed earlier this year that she had suffered sexual abuse , told lbc’s nick ferrari that she had rebuilt her life after being ‘shattered’ as a child . she said she used provocative selfie pictures on twitter as a way of saying to others : ‘ i will not be ashamed about who i am . ’ mrs danczuk said she had rebuilt her life after the abuse , but now had the confidence to go into politics . she said : ‘there’s not many women that can relate to women . the women we do have in politics – and i’m not being rude to them because they’re really , really good – are they relating to ordinary women ? i think they could relate a bit more . ’ mrs danczuk became a hit on twitter after posting a series of provocative photos of herself . she now describes herself as the ' selfie queen ' . mrs danczuk , 31 , who revealed earlier this year that she had suffered sexual abuse , told lbc’s nick ferrari that she had rebuilt her life after being ‘shattered’ as a child . ms danczuk was asked if she would go into mainstream politics and replied : ‘ yeah , i would . i think in some ways women like me need to , to bring it back down to reality . ’ the mother of two said she didn’t agree with the way women politicians always talked about female issue like childcare . she said : ‘ i don’t necessarily think we should assume that because you’re a women , you should focus all your time and effort focussing on childcare . ‘ just speaking a language they understand – you know , dashing to do a school run , to then dash to the supermarket – just speaking about everyday problems . ’ she said : ‘ women that i speak to , there’s just nothing there for them to relate to . ’ karen danczuk , pictured outside parliament last week , could find herself on the commons benches with her husband . mrs danczuk , the labour councillor and wife of mp simon danczuk , stopped for a drink at the red lion pub outside parliament . mrs danczuk also spoke about the sex abuse abuse she suffered as a child and called for anyone who had gone through it to see a therapist . she said : ‘ it shatters you – you trust no-one . you have nightmares . you can’t live a normal live . ’ but she said therapy had helped . ‘ i will not be ashamed about who i am . i used to be ashamed . if anyone says you shouldn’t wear low-cut tops – no , reclaiming your body is a part of the process of recovery . ‘ your body has been taken away from you – they take your body , you lose control of it . it’s not a good place to be . ’ she said she used to have ‘ horrific nightmares’ every night and couldn’t sleep . mrs danczuk said having therapy and ‘ dealing with it’ had transformed her life . ‘ i don’t think i’m god’s gift to man , but i just have that confidence back because i’ve took control of my life – because that’s what therapy does . ’ she said selfies were important to her because they allowed her to be herself . ‘it’s just been happy with you . selfies are a reflection of saying “ this is me , take me as i am” . ‘ this is me taking a selfie – anyone saying don’t do it , i say just don’t look because this is me . ’