hibs boss alan stubbs is among the front-runners for the manager 's job at wigan athletic after malky mackay was sensationally sacked on monday . stubbs is currently embroiled in a tough promotion battle with the easter road side , but is believed to be among wigan 's top targets as they battle to avoid relegation from the championship — they are currently second bottom . stubbs ' no2 , john doolan , formed part of uwe rosler 's backroom staff at the dw stadium before the german was sacked in november . hibs boss alan stubbs has emerged as a candidate to succeed malky mackay after he was sacked by wigan . malky mackay was sensationally sacked by wigan athletic following a dismal run of results since november . doolan joined stubbs in edinburgh in july last year and both men — who also worked together at everton 's youth academy — are highly regarded by new wigan chairman david sharpe . former celtic defender stubbs who is on a two-year contract in leith , has steered hibs into the play-off positions in scotland 's second tier , albeit they have stumbled of late after three successive defeats . however , he would face an altogether different challenge with wigan . they are eight points from safety after the 2-0 home defeat by derby spelled the end for mackay , and must win their next two games against fulham and millwall to stand any chance of survival . former scotland defender gary caldwell is expected to be handed the job on a temporary basis , while ex-wigan player danny wilson is also under consideration . former wigan defender gary caldwell looks set to be handed the manager 's role on a temporary basis . meanwhile , mackay 's bid to rescue his managerial career was left in tatters after his dismissal . the 43-year-old was told of the decision during a brief meeting with sharpe after losing to derby . mackay was handed the job by former owner dave whelan back in november against a backdrop of an fa investigation into a shocking series of text messages , exposed by sportsmail . cardiff city manager at the time , mackay is accused of sending racist , sexist and homophobic messages in an exchange with former head of recruitment iain moody . the scot remains under investigation by the fa and monday 's developments will not alter the speed with which his case is dealt . sharpe , just a month into his new role as chairman , looked forlorn after monday 's game and made a snap decision to axe the scot . mackay won only five of his 25 fixtures in charge and picked up just three home points — damning statistics referenced in the club 's official statement . sharpe said : ' this is a very difficult decision to make but i feel that , for the long-term future of the club , there must be a change now . ' sportsmail understands mackay was close to suffering the sack in february but victory at reading granted him a stay of execution . wigan were content with keeping him until at least the end of the season and kept faith with the divisive figure . sources at the dw stadium also indicated that mackay was ready to build a similar recruitment structure to that at cardiff and had been sanctioned to do so . he remained defiant they could stay in the division immediately after losing against derby . ' it 's still mathematically possible , ' he said . ' it 's fine lines between winning and losing in this league . ' wigan chairman david sharpe has said that it was a ' very difficult ' decision to sack mackay on monday . 