a woman who tipped the scales at almost 20st has shed nearly half her body weight after she was forced to stand during an 11-hour flight - because she feared she was crushing the woman in the seat next to her . sharon smith , 43 , from halesowen , west midlands , was a bulky size 26 when she went on the business trip in december 2012 and struggled to fit in the plane seat . today she weighs in at a healthy 9st 9lb and is due to run a 10k race on sunday , when two years she would have struggled to walk half a mile , let alone run six . scroll down for video . sharon smith shed almost half her body weight after she decided to take up running . sharon said she lost 4st through joining a slimming club but then shed another four-and-a-half stone after taking up her sporty hobby . her weight loss began just under two years ago when she joined weight watchers online , but did not weigh herself immediately . after six months of following the plan , she was 18st 6lb so estimates that when she started she was ' way over 20st ' and a size 26 . she said that although she had always been larger she had never been happy being overweight . sharon said : ' i was never one of those people who was okay being big , it had always upset me but my head was n't in the right place to do anything about it because i had a busy working life . ' she put her unhealthy lifestyle down to commuting to london for her job as a children 's clothes designer for aquascutum which saw her do minimal exercise . at her heaviest sharon was over 20st and a size 26 but she has now slimmed down to 9st 9lbs and is a size 10 . but the turning point came for sharon after having to ' squeeze ' her bulky frame into seats on trains and planes . ' i started commuting to london in august 2012 and the business trip to hong kong was in december that year , ' she said . ' i had been travelling out there for ten years but luckily i had always managed to upgrade or have no one in the seat next to me . ' but this trip coming back i was in economy and it is the one that really sticks out in my memory . ' i remember being rammed in my seat with a lady next to me . i felt uncomfortable not just for me but for her too . sharon says her weight was down to to commuting to london for her job as a clothes designer but after quitting her job to go freelance and work from home , sharon was able to exercise at lunch . ' i ended up standing for the entire flight with my ipod in . ' i was genuinely worried i might hurt the woman in the next seat because of my weight . she did n't say anything but i just did n't think it fair for her to suffer because of my size . ' the flight attendant even offered me the seats they use for take-off and landing . but with the big long-haul jets there is more room to stand . ' but even back in the uk , she was fed-up of the daily humiliation of her long journeys to work . she said ; ' on top of this , every time i went to london i was fed up having to squeeze into train seats . ' sharon made small changes to her lifestyle , such as walking around london rather than taking the tube , and in january 2014 , she decided to quit her high-flying job and go freelance . she began working from her home which meant she could go for a walk every lunchtime . sharon took up running last march and by now was around 13st to 14st and finding it difficult to lose any more weight . friends were talking about the ' couch to 5k ' beginners running programme so she started doing that and signed up for a 5k race for life , which she did last july in an impressive 40 minutes . after getting a taste for activity sharon joined a runners ' website , the running bug , which ' changed her life ' as she was egged on by other enthusiasts . sharon added : ' the site , especially the members ' forum , gave me so many tips and so much encouragement . ' sharon took part in a 5k race for life which she completed in just 40 minutes . the designer has since completed two 10k runs last year and even ran the brighton half marathon in two hours and 59 seconds in february this year . sharon , who is also running the morrisons great birmingham 10k run this sunday , added : ' the weight loss really picked up when i started running , it really helped with the momentum . ' once i started training for my first 10k race last summer , the pounds really dropped off . ' i think it was a mix of things that caused the problems , i knew my diet was n't healthy . ' at the weekends i tended to graze the whole day through so there would n't be that many minutes when i was n't eating , it was constantly chocolate and crisps . ' now i do n't buy any processed foods , i do n't even buy ready-made bread and i try to make everything from scratch . ' i eat a lot more fruit and veg and try to eat health fats like nuts . '