prague’s international airport has been forced to hire porters to carry passengers’ luggage up 32 stairs because a multi-million pound construction project didn’t budget for an escalator . a new metro line extension opened this week in the czech capital – transporting travellers closer to the airport than ever before – but the point where passengers transfer from trains to buses doesn’t have a moving staircase . that means porters are left to carry travellers’ heavy bags up and down the steep stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station , in north-west prague , from 5am to 10pm every day , free of charge . scroll down for video . porters are carrying passengers ' luggage up and down the stairs at nadrazi veleslavin station every day . the construction project did n't budget for an escalator between the metro station and bus terminal . one of the porters , radek mojzis , a 23-year-old student at prague 's school of economics , told the associated press that he applied for the job because he wants ‘ to stay fit and help the elderly . ’ without a direct train connection , the no 119 bus takes passengers on the final five miles between vaclav havel airport and the nearest metro station . more than three million airport customers use the bus every year , choosing not to go by car or risk being ripped off by one of prague’s notorious cab drivers . the 20billion koruna ( £527million , $ 787million ) metro extension , planned by the prague public transport company , was supposed to transform nadrazi veleslavin station into a transport hub for the airport , with passengers transferring to trains , not buses . travellers can use a lift , but they are forced to cross a busy road to access the bus terminal . but the project is unfinished and the escalator that was constructed connects with an unbuilt train station . michal rehorek , a spokesman for the airport , told mailonline travel that the public transit authority is responsible for building a new escalator . he said the airport is in talks with transit officials and a private company regarding the refurbishment of buses that stop at the airport and better signage at the metro station . he added : ‘ costs for [ porters ] are in tens of thousands of czech crowns per month but for prague airport it is primarily an investment into the comfort and quality of service rather than cost only . ’ jiri stabl , a spokesman for the prague public transport company , told ap that the train project is delayed and ‘ it became impossible’ to change the original plan to include an escalator for those transferring from the metro station to the bus terminal . he added : ‘ we don’t feel it is a mistake of the transport company . ’ an escalator was built for airport customers but it connects the metro station and an unbuilt train station . the new extension allows passengers to travel between central prague and the airport in 30 minutes , including the bus ride . officials are now considering adding an escalator while it remains unclear when the train project will be completed . travellers can use a lift located at another part of the metro station , but it is not a seamless transfer . once they arrive on the surface they are forced to cross a busy road to enter the bus terminal .