it is one of the most infuriating issues travellers face - disembarking form their flight , only to find their luggage has n't made it . but , if you want to guarantee your luggage will never be lost , you will need to fly in to kansai international airport , in osaka , japan . since it opened its doors in 1994 , the airport has never lost a piece of luggage , giving it an impeccable 21-year record . scroll down for video . kansai international airport in japan has never lost a piece of luggage since opening its doors in 1994 . and if returning luggage to travellers is n't enough , the airport also does so in an incredibly efficient way . according to the company , the staff places suitcases on carousels with their handles facing outwards , making it easier for travellers to collect their luggage , which has been singled out as a small but very important strategic detail . no wonder a recent ranking of the top 10 airports for baggage handling saw the japanese airport taking top honours thanks to its track record . the airport 's impeccable baggage record has to do with the way that staff places the suitcases on carousels . of the top 10 airports worldwide for baggage , seven of the ten are located in asia . 1 . kansai international airport , japan . 2 . hong kong international airport , hong kong . 3 . changi airport , singapore . 4 . taiwan taoyuan international airport . 5 . incheon international airport , south korea . 6 . haneda international airport , japan . 7 . copenhagen airport , denmark . 8 . munich international airport , germany . 9 . zurich international airport , switzerland . 10 . narita international airport , japan . skytrax , a uk-based airline and airport consultancy , recently analysed data from hundreds of airports around the world for its world airport awards 2015 . of the 550 airports examined in 112 nations around the world , japanese airports fared best - especially when it came to taking care of passengers ' luggage . reviews from 13 million users found not just kansai international in the top spot , but tokyo 's haneda international in sixth place and narita international coming in tenth . asian airports accounted for seven of the top 10 when it came to baggage handling , followed by copenhagen , munich and zurich . last year , kansai international came 12th in overall airport rankings , while singapore 's changi airport took the top spot . london 's heathrow airport came in eighth overall this year , up from the tenth spot in 2014 . kansai international was originally designed to help with the overcrowding from nearby osaka international . 