thousands of chickens and other poultry have been culled following the outbreak of a highly contagious strain of bird flu in india . officials ordered 250,000 birds to be slaughtered in telangana after cases of the h5n1 virus were identified , which can be deadly in humans . the virus caused the deaths of nearly 400 people and hundreds of millions of poultry after it spread from asia into europe and africa in 2005-2006 . culled : about 250,000 birds infected with the h5n1 virus are slaughtered in telangana , india . since then , india has regularly reported cases of highly pathogenic avian influenza in wild and domestic birds . veterinary staff from the local government 's animal husbandry department carried out the cull - which included destroying hundreds of thousands of infected eggs - at thorrur village in the ranga reddy district . birds present in poultry farms were slaughtered while the eggs , including those stored in warehouses , were dumped in a pit . destroyed : thousands of infected eggs were dumped in a pit and buried following an outbreak of bird flu . clean up : authorities ordered the destruction of birds and eggs at farms across telangana in india following the latest bird flu outbreak . bird feed stock was burned and the sites were all thoroughly disinfected in a bid to stop the virus from spreading . india has culled 6.4 million birds due to bird flu since 2006 . experts point out that cross-infection to humans is still relatively rare and usually occurs where people have been in close contact with infected birds . but fears remain the aviation flu could combine with a human strain to produce a mutation that is more dangerous and difficult to control . in february , three people were tested for bird flu and 10,000 chickens slaughtered in britain 's first outbreak of the h7n7 strain in seven years . there have been several outbreaks of the h7n7 flu in china and 18 months ago it was found in italy . during the italian outbreak in august 2013 , three poultry workers became infected with the virus , developing conjunctivitis . more than 1 million chickens and other poultry were culled during the italian crisis . 