the average briton eats four servings of cheese a week . we britons certainly do love to keep things local , as over three quarters of us ( 80 per cent ) go crackers for cheddar , crowning it our favourite cheese variety . least favourite cheeses , according to a new survey , are greek feta , french camembert and american cream cheese . and while the french are renowned for their love of the stinky stuff , we are not far behind , with the average briton eating their way through four servings a week . the research , which was conducted by pickle brand branston also revealed that a surprising one in four cheese fanatics ( 26 per cent ) admit to eating melted cheese with everything . a third of brits ( 30 per cent ) say they ca n't enjoy cheese without a dollop of their favourite pickle while almost three quarters admitted to reaching out for a cheese sandwich when feeling peckish . in fact , three in ten office workers tuck into cheese sandwiches for lunch each work day without fail . if we 're not putting slices in our sandwiches , one in ten of us are eating whole blocks of cheese in one sitting . our second favourite is mozzarella with almost two in five ( 38 per cent ) enjoying the ever versatile soft italian cheese . close behind in third place is traditional red leicester ( 32 per cent ) . the french cheese board staple brie placed fourth ( 29 per cent ) followed by italian parmesan in fifth ( 24 per cent ) . cheddar ( left ) is britain 's most popular cheese with 80 % of us choosing it over fancier varieties like french brie ( right ) . 1 . cheddar ( 80 % ) 2 . mozzarella ( 38 % ) 3 . red leicester ( 31 % ) 4 . brie ( 29 % ) 5 . parmesan ( 24 % ) 6 . stilton ( 23 % ) 7 . wensleydale ( 21 % ) 8 . feta ( 20 % ) 9 . camembert ( 18 % ) 10 . cream cheese ( 14 % ) another survey , this one by lurpak , showed 32 per cent of office workers eat an identical lunch each day and have done so for nearly four and a half years on average . this is the equivalent of eating over 1,000 identical cheese sandwiches . commenting on our attraction to repetition , food psychologist , greg tucker , who worked with lurpak said : ' this research demonstrates that the repetition of eating the same food every day can provide reassurance and stability . ' however we all have an innate desire for exploration and would benefit from shaking things up . ' new tastes and experiences can excite and motivate us , especially when we have a far greater selection of foods to experiment with than we 've ever had before . ' try something different : chicken and mango sandwich with mint raita . chicken and mango sandwich with mint raita . ingredients : walnut or granary bread ; butter ; mixed leaves ; a few slices of fresh mango ; half a roast chicken breast , shredded roughly ; greek yoghurt ; finely chopped mint ; spoonful of mango chutney . method : spread walnut bread or granary bread with butter . top with mixed leaves , thinly sliced fresh mango and ripped-up roast chicken breast . add a dollop of greek yogurt flavoured with finely chopped mint and a spoonful of mango chutney with a few extra mint leaves on top for that little bit extra . experiment with a seeded roll : smoked ham and egg with capers , gherkins and mustard mayo . smoked ham and egg with capers , gherkins and mustard mayo . ingredients : seeded roll or bagel ; butter ; small bunch of watercress ; smoked ham ; one boiled egg , sliced ; gherkins ; mustard mayonnaise ; capers . method : top a seeded roll or bagel with butter . then layer with watercress , slices of smoked ham and the boiled egg . throw in a couple of sliced gherkins and finish with a dollop of mustard mayo and a sprinkling of tiny capers . there 's no need for meat : feta with avocado and roasted red pepper . feta with avocado and roasted red pepper . ingredients : fresh focaccia ; butter ; handful of baby spinach leaves , half an avocado , sliced ; two roasted red peppers , torn up ; chunks of feta , ripped up ; some basil leaves , ripped up ; ground black pepper ; dash of balsamic vinegar . method : place a handful of baby spinach leaves on to fresh , buttered focaccia . add the ripe avocado slices , ripped-up roasted red pepper and broken-up chunks of feta . top with a few torn basil leaves , ground black pepper and balsamic vinegar . recipes provided by lurpak spreadable .  