success is a gloriously familiar routine for johnny sexton . adding gold-plated entries to his personal cv has become an annual exercise – a tradition he is hell-bent on maintaining . as he prepared for a european champions cup quarter-final showdown with saracens on sunday in paris , racing metro’s no 10 and irish icon reflected on his healthy habit . ‘i’ve been very lucky to have been part of some great sides with leinster and ireland , and there haven’t been too many years that have gone by that i haven’t been part of a side winning trophies , ’ he said . in fact , since the 29-year-old established himself at senior level , 2010 stands alone as a year without substantial reward . there were league titles in 2008 and 2013 , heineken cups in 2009 , 2011 and 2012 , a challenge cup in 2013 , plus the test peaks – six nations titles this year and last , and a lions series triumph in australia in 2013 . johnny sexton wants to full the void by winning a medal with racing metro this season . short of helping ireland to win the world cup later this year , there’s not much left for sexton to achieve , but he won’t settle for what he has . none of the medals have been earned in the colours of racing , and filling that void in his check-list is a pressing priority . with a summer return to dublin approaching , sexton said : ‘ i was speaking to ronan ( o’gara – former ireland team-mate and racing’s kicking coach ) last week and saying , for me , for my two years here to be a success , we need to pick up a trophy . whenever i come back to france , i want to be able to hold my head up high , say that i gave my best to racing while i was here and helped the club achieve something . ’ the parisian team are in the knock-out stages of europe’s elite event for the first time , but it is familiar territory for their irish playmaker . sexton has featured in 11 knock-out games in continental rugby and won the lot . it is a proud record that hadn’t really occurred to him . sexton has helped french side reach the knock-out stages of europe’s elite event for first time . ‘ i hadn’t realised that . that builds the pressure on me nicely , ’ he quipped . ‘i’ ve never played a knock-out game for racing , so hopefully it’s going to be one from one ! ’ pressure is no problem to him . he handled the scrutiny of being the conductor for the lions and has rarely faltered in conveying a sense of supreme self-belief . when leinster were staring down the barrel in the 2011 heineken cup final in cardiff – trailing 22-6 to northampton at half-time – sexton scored two second-half tries in a 28-point haul to propel his province to a comeback victory which took an instant place in the folklore of club rugby in the northern hemisphere . these days , he is often acclaimed as the world’s premier fly-half . asked about the accolade , he said : ‘i’ve worked hard throughout my career to try to get people to think that way of me , so when you hear that it is very nice and you feel that all your work has paid off . but you’re the best one day and the worst the next , so i try to stay grounded . i’ve gone through a lot of ups and downs in my career , so i will keep my feet firmly on the ground . ’ sexton intends to return to dublin in the summer after two years in france . in truth , there have been more of the ups than the downs . sexton had to bide his time to become a fixture in the ireland team – serving an impatient apprenticeship behind o’gara . the pair were known to have a frosty relationship for a while , based on the fierce contest for the no 10 shirt , so there was surprise when o’gara followed his younger compatriot to racing as a kicking coach . however , the ice has long since thawed . there is warmth between them now . ‘ it was many years ago that we were probably best of enemies , ’ said sexton . ‘ i was the young up-start who was trying to get into the irish team , and he was the established international . but towards the latter part of his career we became good buddies , as players . it’s been great working with him here . ronan has been someone for me to bounce stuff off , when things are going well or going badly . ’ initially , both irishmen struggled to settle in paris . a lack of fluent french was a significant issue for sexton , as the man charged with orchestrating his gallic club’s attacking game . ‘ it was very tough at the start , ’ he said . ‘ when i came over , i didn’t have a great grasp of the language and i play in a position where it really helps to have a good grasp of french . ‘ for the first four or five months , it was tough . i came off the back of the lions tour , i had about two weeks off then started my season straight away , without much of a break . so the start was difficult , but then we started to improve as a team and turned things around . now it has come full circle . i am much more settled and i can speak the language pretty well . i’m going to miss a lot of people here . ’ last summer , sexton agonised over his next career move and eventually resolved to re-join leinster , rather than sign another contract with racing – who have made light of the setback by recruiting no less than dan carter to pick up the baton after the world cup . while he called it a ‘ tough decision’ , the issue of work-load at key times was decisive for sexton . ‘ i have found it extremely difficult to play in the six nations and come back in between games to play here , ’ he said . ‘ i was playing top 14 games while all the other irish boys were resting in camp . ’ the additional demands have put a strain on him , but sexton has managed to juggle his duties effectively , to keep racing in the hunt in the top 14 and champions cup , and help ireland retain their six nations title , in dramatic fashion – once again edging out england on points-difference . he described super saturday ; the culmination of this year’s championship , as the ‘ best day in a green jersey’ for himself and many of his test colleagues . talisman sexton helped ireland retain the six nations title this year . all the trophies and medals and plaudits haven’t quelled the fire in him . asked to address criticism of ireland’s often pragmatic tactics in the six nations – and a lack of tries prior to the torrent against scotland on the final day – sexton offered a defiant retort . ‘ there were areas of weakness ( in the opposition ) that we looked to target , ’ he said , referring to an effective irish kicking game . ‘ after the first three games , there was a perception that we were kicking the arse off the ball , but joe ( schmidt , ireland’s coach ) said to us that we had passed the ball more than any other team in the competition . sometimes perception and reality are miles apart . we showed what we could do with ball in hand against wales but we were a bit inaccurate . then it clicked against scotland . ’ if it clicks again for ireland at the world cup , they have a growing belief that – driven on by their lion at no 10 – they can mount a genuine challenge for the webb ellis cup . but first , sexton will focus on signing off from racing with something to show for his time there . the cv has already been embellished this year , but there may be further entries to follow .