the 19-year-old , named locally as moses yitzchok greenfeld ( above ) from stamford hill , london , was pulled from the water in hampstead heath , north london , after getting into difficulty while swimming . police officers ' watched ' as a group of teenagers desperately tried to save their friend who drowned in hampstead heath pond , it has been claimed . moses yitzchok greenfeld , 19 , from stamford hill , london , had been swimming with four friends as temperatures reached 25c when he got into difficulty . an eyewitness has said at least seven police officers stood on a bank and watched as the boys dived in and out looking for their friend . the teenagers were reportedly heard shouting to ambulance crews on the side , asking how long someone could survive under water as they scrambled around trying to save their friend . it is thought mr greenfield may have had a cardiac arrest because of the shock of jumping into the cold water . his body was eventually discovered five foot below the surface and 20ft from the water 's edge just before 11pm on wednesday - nearly six hours after he was reported in trouble at 5.30pm . james eisen , a 43-year-old freelance journalist , said : ' i was walking past and i could see a lot of commotion going on over the far side of the pond . ' the guy 's friends were going in and out of the water and holding their breath and diving under frantically . ' there were police officers and paramedics and firefighters on the bank just standing there watching while the boys dived under . there was at least seven police officers on the side . ' it was a chaotic and surreal scene . ' i heard one of the boys shouting to one of the ambulance crews and asking how long someone could survive under water without breathing as they continued swimming around in a panic . ' i 'm guessing the emergency services are told not to go into the water but if that 's the case they probably should n't have let the boys carry on swimming about . ' before i left the police helicopter was flying over and they had launched some boats onto the pond . ' mr grunfeld 's family have paid tribute to the teenager , who they described as a ' wonderful ' and ' friendly ' man , but said there was no blame because they believed that was the way god was meant to ' take him . ' mr greenfeld , who is from the orthodox jewish community and is thought to have lost his rabbi father to cancer five years ago , had recently flown home to london from new york , where he was studying religion at a jewish college . tragically , he only returned the uk to be with his family during the passover holiday . his sister , who asked not be named , said : ' he was a wonderful young man and lovely brother who was very well liked , friendly , and he will be dearly missed by his family and friends . ' he was very into studies but he was very fun to be with and he would always try to lend a hand . ” police , specialist divers and 30 firefighters scoured the water for the missing teenager and his body was found five foot below the surface just before 11pm last night . he got into difficulty while swimming with four friends . ' we believe that whatever god does is for the good , so if that’s the way he [ god ] was meant to take him [ moses ] then it must be good for him and for us , because it was meant to be . ' so there’s no blame , no pointing , because what was meant to happen , happened , and there was nothing anybody could have done to avoid it . ' speaking of the police response she added : ' of course we would have liked it if they could have got their quicker . but we really appreciate what the police have done and they treated us and our religious beliefs with respect . ' they waited for jewish men to come [ to the pond ] to handle the body , and we really appreciate that . ' the group had been swimming outside of the designated area and out of hours at a time when no lifeguards were on duty , it was claimed . members of his family gathered at the edge of the large pond – which had been packed in the day with sunbathers – as specialist divers from the marine policing unit and around 30 firefighters scoured the water for him . emergency services workers could be seen taking a stretcher into the park after the discovery of the body . the tragedy came on the hottest day of the year so far as temperatures reached 25.1c at st james 's park in the capital and in frittenden , kent . it is believed mr greenfeld may have suffered a heart attack brought on by the sudden change in body temperature after diving into the chilly 8c pond , the evening standard reported . a friend of mr greenfeld told the newspaper : ' he arrived with pals after driving up from hackney . they got here after 5pm and the lifeguard was not on duty . ' i think moses got into difficulty in the shallow part of the pond but there 's a steep drop-off . they recovered his clothes from the side of the pond . ' his mother is devastated . he lost his father to cancer when he was young . ' the boys had entered the water after the 4.30pm closure wearing what mr eisen described as boxers or swimming shorts . he was seen scrambling in a 10ft deep section of the pond and shouting for help before he disappeared under the surface . emergency services were called just after 5.30pm and a subsequent search involved 30 firefighters , a police marine unit and a police helicopter . the young man 's body was eventually pulled out at about 11pm after extensive searches of the murky water . the heath is controlled by the corporation of london and a spokesman said that officers had not entered the water to try and save the drowning teenager . last night , members of mr grenfeld 's family gathered at the edge of the large pond – which had been packed in the day with sunbathers – as specialist police divers and around 30 firefighters scoured the water for him . members of the hatzola team , a group which provides 24/7 emergency care and ambulance services in london , were also called to the scene , along with a police helicopter , specialist divers and about 30 firefighters . a spokesman said : ' the heath constabulary officers are here to enforce bylaws in the park , they are not trained lifeguards and the water is dangerous and very murky , so they are advised they are not to go in until proper assistance arrives . ' he was swimming away from the designated area and out of hours so there were no lifeguards on duty . ' there are signs everywhere warning people not to go into the water at these times . ' visibility in the water is about six inches , it 's very murky , and you can barely see in front of your face . ' he had swum out over a ten foot drop and was about 20 feet from the side when he experienced difficulty - you have to be a strong swimmer to be out there . ' it is a complete tragedy but these are the facts behind it . ' the metropolitan police confirmed a report was now being prepared for the coroner . the heath was full of sunbathers as the incident unfolded yesterday , as dozens of people had gathered to enjoy the unseasonably warm weather . one man , who claimed to be mr grenfeld 's uncle , said the teenager had gone swimming with friends . he said : ' he went swimming and he must have struggled and he can not be found . it 's very tragic . they did the surface search and they called it off . the divers are coming in . that will change it from a rescue to a recovery . ' henna anaya , who was on the heath with her son at the time of the incident , said : ' there were about four friends , all of them in the water , and they were swimming . i told my son they were just messing around . ' the next minute someone said to me he was going down and waving his arm and telling his friend to help , he was sinking . there were guys jumping in to help . the guy who went in told me that police had asked him to get out of the water . ' specialist police divers and around 30 firefighters joined the search for a 19-year-old man who got into difficulty while swimming in hampstead ponds in hampstead heath , north london , yesterday afternoon . police were initially called to the scene just after 5.30pm after receiving reports from concerned members of the public that a teenager was in difficulty and under the water . his body was retrieved fromt the lake at 11pm . another witness , who did n't wish to be named , said : ' it was right at the other end from where the lifeguard would have been , so by the time he was struggling , it would 've already been too late . ' one woman said she heard the boys shouting for help , but only realised afterwards because at the time she could n't understand what they were saying . ' the emergency services arrived very quickly , but you ca n't make miracles . it 's just a tragedy . ' andrew dutton-parish , a regular swimmer at the men 's pond who was also at the heath , added : ' it 's such a sad start to the summer . it 's very rare for anyone to be drowned . ' a london ambulance service spokesperson said paramedics arrived on the scene within eight minutes , but the emergency teams , accompanied by a police helicopter , were unable to save the young man . the teenager is the second person to have died while swimming on the heath in the past two years . in august 2013 , photographer sussie ahlburg , 51 , from holborn , drowned in the ladies ' bathing pond . it later emerged she had a heart condition and had been warned not to swim in ' open water ' by a cardiologist . hampstead heath has three swimming ponds which can become extremely busy in good weather . despite temperatures reaching 25c in london yesterday , waters remained cool on the heath , with temperatures recorded at about 8c . hampstead ponds in hampstead heath , north london ( pictured ) , is a popular spot for residents and tourists . 