a dangerous ' death ring ' has been spotted around the san francisco bay area . scientists say the lethal ring is leaving tens of thousands of creatures with severe , and often fatal injuries . now researchers have released an interactive roadkill map to show the trail of destruction being caused by california 's state highways . to view the interactive map , click here . pictured are the south san franscisco bay area regional highway roadkill hotspots . the ring of death refers to an area made up of made up of i-80 ( labelled as 9 ) and route 101 ( labelled as 13 and 8 ) . the map uses data from the california roadkill observation system , a volunteer-submitted database of instances where wildlife and vehicles collided over the past five years . it assigns different coloured markers for various sizes of species . clicking on the dots reveals the species - striped skunk , mountain lion , black bear , gopher snake , desert iguana - and where and when they were hit . animals can also be mapped individually . major hotspots include the sacramento area where i-80 and i-5 run across bypasses along the pacific flyway . in the region , marshy areas attract birds during migration resulting in high rates of roadkill . where i-80 and i-5 run across bypasses along the pacific flyway , marshy areas attract birds during migration and result in high rates of roadkill . sacramento area : where i-80 and i-5 run across bypasses along the pacific flyway , marshy areas attract birds during migration and result in high rates of roadkill . bay area : ' it 's sort of a ring of death around the bay area , ' shilling said . interstate 80 and state route 101 run alongside the bay , where high rates of wading birds and water birds are killed . large animals are more likely to be hit on i-280 and state route 17 , particularly near areas of parks and open spaces . southern california : many areas along state route 94 in san diego county have high rates of collisions where the highway runs through wildlife habitat . shilling said caltrans is planning to build five new wildlife-crossing structures in this area because the data demonstrate both an immediate need and locations where structures would be useful . sierra : highway 70 in plumas county and near portola has high rates of roadkill , particularly deer . north coast : both state routes 101 and 20 show high rates of collision between willits and lake mendocino . ' it 's sort of a ring of death around the bay area , ' said fraser shilling at the university of california , davis , who led the study . interstate 80 and state route 101 run alongside the bay , where high rates of wading birds and water birds are killed . large animals are more likely to be hit on i-280 and state route 17 , particularly near areas of parks and open spaces . meanwhile , many areas along state route 94 in san diego county have high rates of collisions where the highway runs through wildlife habitat . highway 70 in plumas county and near portola also has high rates of roadkill , particularly deer . and on the north coast , both state routes 101 and 20 show high rates of collision between willits and lake mendocino . fraser shilling , co-director of the road ecology center at university of california , davis , says it is the largest wildlife monitoring system in the state . it features more than 29,000 sightings of more than 390 of california 's 680 native vertebrate species . the report 's findings cover about 40 per cent of the total state highway system . meanwhile , the public are being encouraged to submit entries , including photographs , to add to the map . ' these data help identify places where immediate action is warranted , ' says shilling , who is also a research scientist with the uc davis department of environmental science and policy . according to caltrans and california highway patrol statistics , there are about 1,000 reported accidents each year on state highways involving deer , livestock , and other wildlife . there is one long hotspot in the circled area , representing 20 miles of sr190 . the 419 roadkill observations of 36 species within the hotspot were collected between april 2011 and october , 2014 . many areas along state route 94 in san diego county have high rates of collisions where the highway runs through wildlife habitat . the drought may be increasing the number of roadkill , as animals seem to be putting themselves at greater risk to find food and water sources , crossing roads they may not have in the past . while deer tend to use landscape ' corridors ' when migrating , most other species do not appear to be using them . landscape corridors , also known as wildlife corridors , are strips of land intended to connect parks and other wildlife reserves . but the roadkill data suggest that most animals tend to cross where they can , regardless of the location of these corridors . birds are among the most common wildlife group types killed by road collisions . for instance , there is a high rate of barn owl roadkill where i-5 runs through agricultural lands of the central valley . without trees or other elevated structures by the highways , the owls swoop down for prey without considering the trucks and other vehicles coming toward them . in what has not always been a popular suggestion , shilling recommends for these areas planting vegetation such as oleander and ice plant , non-native species that repel rather than attract wildlife to the roadsides . ' you have a sterile , dangerous place - the roadway , ' shilling says . ' you do n't want to attract animals there . ' the drought may be increasing the number of roadkill , as animals seem to be putting themselves at greater risk to find food and water sources , crossing roads they may not have in the past . the long continuous hotspot represents 681 roadkill observations of 57 animal species . this isout of a total for the highway of 899 observations of 66 total species collected by 7 roadkillobservers , between october 2010 and october 2014 .