tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her . the 40-year-old former channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing , and was horrified to think her sons harry , 4 , and bert , 2 , saw her that way . ' when my son asked me if i was having another baby , that was the catalyst , ' oldfield told daily mail australia . scroll down for video . tv presenter lisa oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son drew this unflattering portrait of her . oldfield shared with daily mail australia a picture of her stomach when she removed bandages after the surgery . ' he 's delusional , but he thinks i 'm the greatest person on the planet . if someone who loves me so much could think that , i knew i had to do something . ' i would try to hide the weight by strategically using my wardrobe , but it felt like i had somebody else 's torso . ' i had been thinking about it for a few months and researching it , but that was the final straw . ' oldfield , wife of radio host and former one nation politician david oldfield , posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online . she also showed daily mail australia the aftermath of the surgery , complete with bruises and swelling she said will last ' a few weeks ' . ' it 's not a pretty picture , ' she said . oldfield posted this photo on her facebook page of the 5.5l of fat she had removed during her liposuction operation . the mum-of-two said she had to do something , after trying to lose weight on her own . ' in the end , i just had to bite the bullet , ' she said . ' i try and stay fit , i walk my dogs and that sort of thing , but i just ca n't be a slave to a gym . ' i 'd rather spend extra hour and a half each night with my kids than with someone i 'm paying $ 100 to scream at me . ' oldfield and her husband , david , who is a radio host and former one nation politician . one of the main reasons oldfield wanted to lose weight was so she could take more pictures with her children . oldfield said she hated looking at pictures of herself after she gained weight . the surgery involved her doctor pumping ms oldfield full of water to separate the fat from the skin and muscle , which was then slowly sucked out . it cost $ 10,000 . oldfield , who still appears on channel 9 regularly , said she hated looking at pictures of herself due to the weight she gained since having children . oldfield was motivated to lose weight by her two children , harry , 4 , and bert , 2 . ' i just hated looking and feeling bloated , ' she said . ' i have two beautiful little boys and barely any photos of them from the past two years . ' in the few photos we do have , i 'm often using them to hide my big tummy . ' oldfield ahead of her year 10 formal in secondary school . oldfield and her husband , david , at the easter racing carnival at randwick racecourse , in 2007 . oldfield , who works full-time as a sales director , said the fat wo n't come back . ' one of the benefits of liposuction , is the fat ca n't come back to where it 's been sucked out from , ' she said . ' worst case , i might get a little on my arms - but i have always had skinny arms and legs so i could maybe do with a little there . ' 