top-ranked serena williams had to fight back from a set down and figure out how to deal with strong winds before overcoming italy 's sara errani 4-6 , 7-6 ( 3 ) , 6-3 in a fed cup play-off sunday , giving the united states a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five series . while williams held a massive 70-7 lead in winners , she committed nearly three times as many unforced errors as the 15th-ranked errani . until the very end , williams struggled to dictate play against an opponent who had never before presented her with serious problems . serena williams fought back to beat italian sara errani in the fed cup play-off on sunday . still , williams improved to 20-0 this year and 16-0 in fed cup for her career . next up , brindisi-born flavia pennetta was facing 65th-ranked christina mchale , followed by a potentially decisive doubles match . the doubles teams named were mchale and alison riske against karin knapp and pennetta . but u.s. captain mary joe fernandez has said that williams will play doubles if the series is tied , in which case errani would likely pair with pennetta . williams entered with a 7-0 career edge over errani and had lost a total of four games in their previous two meetings . she usually dominates errani by taking advantage of the italian 's weak serve but the wind prevented her from stepping too far into the court . tough weather conditions made it difficult for both players who had to keep on re-tossing their serves . the circolo tennis brindisi is located next to the southern city 's port and a sharp breeze was blowing off the bay . williams and errani often had to catch their tosses and start their service motions over again , or delay play when the wind whipped clay into their eyes between points . ' the wind helped me , ' errani said . ' against a player like her it favored me . ' errani gave williams a real scare but in the end the world no 1 's power proved to be too much . already in the first three games of the match , williams committed nine unforced errors as errani played her usual defensive game and just tried to keep the rallies going . with the soldout crowd of 4,000 chanting her first name , errani served for the match at 5-4 in the second set but williams played solidly and then the american surged to a 6-1 lead in the tiebreaker and pushed it to a third . there were four consecutive breaks of serve to open the third set and it was tied 3-3 before williams finally surged ahead and won the final three games , closing it out at love in the last game on her first match point . ' it 's a shame . i was so close . it was just a matter of a few points , ' errani said . ' but in the end , she created the difference . '