he 's the mysterious young soldier who is referred to by wwi historians simply as the ' handsome man ' . but the unknown digger has been drawn into the centre of an anzac day controversy after his image was used to front woolworths ' ' fresh in our memories ' ad campaign , which has been slammed for commercialising the centenary of anzac and forcibly shut down by the government . little is known about the man pictured wearing a uniform and slouch hat . he was a soldier of the first australian imperial force , and his photograph was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 in sydney , before he embarked for service . scroll down for video . a mysterious young soldier known as the ' handsome man' has been drawn into the centre of an anzac day controversy after his image was used to front woolworths ' ' fresh in our memories ' ad campaign . the studio portrait of the handsome man was featured in a 2008 australian war memorial ( awm ) exhibition titled icon and archive , with the awm appealing to the public to help identify him . since then the awm received a lot of responses from people with possible identifications but none have been correct . last week , woolworths launched its ' fresh in our memories ' campaign and website , which attracted a barrage of criticism from customers accusing the company of trying to cash in on anzac day . the campaign invites aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their facebook page , in memory of the service men and women of world war i , complete with the woolworths logo and a ' fresh in our memories ' slogan . in february this year , the advertising agency hired by woolworths to create their anzac campaign - carrspace - contacted the awm asking for images of soldiers . the awm said it gave the company four image options , including three different soldiers and a nurse . but carrspace chose instead to use the striking image of the handsome man , without seeking permission . a recent online campaign led by woolworths has caused outrage among customers who have accused the supermarket giant for cashing in on anzac day . the campaign invites aussies to create a profile picture and cover photo for their facebook page , in memory of the service men and women of world war i , complete with the woolworths logo . an awm spokesman said : ' the terms and conditions provided to anyone using memorial images specifies that images are not to be cropped , overprinted or altered in any way without the prior written approval of the memorial . ' the agency has not provided the final images and product to the memorial for its approval before publication which is in breach of these terms and conditions . ' the awm spokesman added that carrspace claimed to be working on a campaign in conjunction with camp gallipoli and the returned services league . but rsl chief sam jackson told daily mail australia the organisation was not consulted over the campaign , and camp gallipoli chief chris fox said he had never heard of carrspace and had no association with them . woolworths and carrspace also failed to seek permission from the department of veterans ' affairs to use the word ' anzac ' for commercial purposes , as is required by law . the company could face fines of up to $ 50,000 for breaching this rule . the minister for veterans ' affairs has slammed woolworths for its unauthorised use of the word ' anzac ' . a carrspace spokeswoman told daily mail australia that all inquiries must go through woolworths . earlier on tuesday the company took down and then reactivated its twitter account . it also deleted information about its partnership with woolworths from the company website . a woolworths spokesman said the company was standing by a statement released on tuesday night when the ' fresh in our memories ' website was taken down . minister for veterans ' affairs michael ronaldson slammed woolworths for its unauthorised use of the word ' anzac ' in an ad and said he forced the company to take the website down . ' the australian community quite rightly expects that the word `` anzac '' is not trivialised or used inappropriately and as minister for veterans ' affairs , i am responsible for ensuring that any use of the word `` anzac '' does not provide commercial benefit to an organisation , ' minister ronaldson said . ' in this instance , permission was not sought by the campaign proponents , nor would it have been approved . ' ' fresh in our memories ' was launched last week in the lead up to the centenary marking the landing at gallipoli . those who are unimpressed by the campaign have branded it as ' disrespectful ' and ' disgusting ' while others also posted their own versions of the woolworths generated images . minister ronaldson became aware of it when consumers branded the website ' disrespectful ' and ' disgusting ' . ' while i acknowledge that woolworths moved quickly to address the situation , i hope this is a reminder to others that the regulations are in place for good reason and that they will be rigorously enforced , ' he said . rsl chief sam jackman said the organisation was not consulted over the campaign by woolworths or carrspace , adding that she was concerned over the commercialisation of anything to do with anzac day . ' they made an error of judgement in using it in the first place and they recognised that pretty quickly , ' mrs jackman said . she added that the supermarket had been a longstanding financial supporter of veterans ' organisations . camp gallipoli chief chris fox said woolworths is the principle sponsor of the rsl anzac flame for camp gallipoli events this year , which will be held around australia and new zealand on april 24 and 25 and will see members of the public camp out to honour the 100th anniversary of gallipoli . the supermarket 's campaign backfired with customers taking to facebook and twitter to vent their anger . the supermarket has been inundated with comments like the one pictured on social media . mr fox said his not-for-profit organisation had no association with carrspace , but would continue to work with woolworths in the future . ‘we’re proud of anyone that stands up as a corporate and supports serving personnel and the rsl and initiatives like camp gallipoli , ’ he said . ‘it’s just unfortunate that this piece of advertising has crossed the line , it’s quite a disappointing thing to see . ’ a spokeswoman for woolworths told daily mail australia on tuesday night that ' fresh in our memories ' was not a marketing strategy . ' it is a website designed in consultation with the rsl for people to share their photos , stories and memories , ' she said . ' as one of australia 's largest employers , woolworths has spent months collecting stories from our staff for the site . all profits from the sale of merchandise on the site goes to the rsl . twitter was flooded with memes of the woolworths campaign . pictured is prime minister tony abbott . a photo of former australian prime minister kevin rudd has also been used in the wooloworths anzac day campaign . ' we are proud to support the rsl and our diggers . like all australians , we pay our respects to service people past and present . ' our small logo on the site is in line with other corporately sponsored centenary of anzac activity . ' the spokeswoman later confirmed the website had been taken down . ' the site was developed to give our staff and customers a place to put their stories to mark the centenary of anzac , ' she said . ' we regret that our branding on the picture generator has caused offense , this was clearly never our intention . like many heritage australian companies , we were marking our respect for anzac and our veterans . ' we continue to be proud supporters of the rsl and camp gallipoli in this important year and look forward to working with them into the future . ' mrs jackson said the rsl was not consulted about the campaign . woolworths refused to provide any comment in addition to its original statement . other consumers got creative and posted their own versions of the woolworths generated images . 