aston villa shocked liverpool to reach the fa cup final to take on arsenal in may . philippe coutinho fired liverpool ahead with a smart chip before a long range chrisitan benteke strike equalised for aston villa . tim sherwood 's side moved into the lead thanks to a solo effort from fabian delph and held on for the famous victory . here , sportsmail's laurie whitwell rates the players ' performances at wembley stadium . the aston villa players celebrate after fabian delph ( centre ) fires tim sherwood 's side into the lead . aston villa ( 4-1-2-1-2 ) shay given 6.5 . could not do anything to prevent coutinho’s deflected goal , in the second-half claimed balls with confidence to sweep away worries . leandro bacuna 6 . a better weight of pass to benteke when villa had a three on one break-away would have put the game to bed . gave an attacking edge down right . ron vlaar 6.5 . the kind of performance he gave for holland at the world cup , strong and no-nonsense when required , booting the ball to safety . nathan baker 6 . his race was run by the 26th minute when landing heavily on his left knee and going off injured . he has had knee troubles all season . aston villa midfielder ashley westwood out muscles liverpool striker mario balotelli in the fa cup semi-final . kieran richardson 6 . may have rued not doing better with his chance on the hour , skying high with the goal beckoning , but cleared off the line in the dying moments . ashley westwood 6.5 . did well overall on his first start since the quarter-final against west bromwich albion on march 7 . nothing spectacular , but kept play moving . tom cleverley 7 . provided plenty of bite in midfield , snapping into tackles and covering ground . ‘that’s b******* michael [ oliver ] , ’ he could be seen saying when a decision went against him . fabian delph 8 . could have done better for liverpool’s goal but atoned in spectacular style . his drive created the equaliser , and the winner was an excellent finish of poise . jack grealish 7.5 . a dream debut at wembley for this 19-year-old . incredibly composed , making smart decisions for both goals , and exhibiting beguiling touch and balance . charles n’zogbia 6.5 . good early snap shot to test mignolet and provided a quick attacking outlet . but annoyed sherwood with over hit cross to benteke . england midfielder fabian delph fires in aston villa 's second in the fa cup semi-final against liverpool . aston villa midfielder tom cleverley closes down liverpool full back alberto moreno at wembley . christian benteke 7.5 . undoubtedly back to his best . showed early his strength would be a problem for liverpool , bullying skrtel , and his finish was laser accurate . subs : jores okore ( for baker 26’ ) 6 . caught a little cold for goal , deflected off his knee . got better and made a couple of telling interceptions . scott sinclair 5 ( for n’zogbia 75’ ) . cole ( for grealish 83’ ) . tim sherwood 7.5 . got this spot on . refused to take a back step despite the blow of gabby agbonlahor’s injury and had the confidence to trust grealish onto this stage . christian benteke roars in celebration having scored aston villa 's equaliser against liverpool . liverpool ( 3-4-3 ) simon mignolet 6 . produced a fine fingertip save from n’zogbia early on but could not do anything to affect villa’s goals . emre can 5 . asked to play three different roles throughout the game – centre back , right back and left wing - and he never looked settled . martin skrtel 5 . looked uncomfortable dealing with benteke all afternoon , and got into a tangle in the second-half by the belgian’s mere presence . liverpool keeper simon mignolet vents his frustration having conceded twice at wembley on sunday . dejan lovren 6 . vital interception in the 16th minute to cut out n’zogbia’s pass to benteke and made a super tackle to deny grealish . poor to shoot from distance at the end . lazar markovic 5 . pretty ineffectual as the right wing-back and hooked at half-time as rodgers looked to change matters . jordan henderson 5.5 . not a match where his emergence as liverpool’s enforcer-in-chief continued . lost the battle for supremacy with delph . liverpool skipper steven gerrard attempts to dispossess aston villa 's kieran richardson . joe allen 5.5 . a quiet game for the quiet welshman . did his usual tidying job in front of defence but little in a positive sense . alberto moreno 6 . overhit a cross in a good position in the first-half , but did well to recover with a sliding tackle to deny benteke in the second-half . steven gerrard 6 . began in an advanced role but dropped deep once rodgers shuffled his team . never really got in the game . his late header was reminiscent of istanbul , but it was not to be . brazilian philippe coutinho opens the scoring for liverpool with a smart chipped finish at wembley . raheem sterling 6.5 . delicate ball to set up coutinho and fizzed throughout . caught offside too many times , however . philippe coutinho 7 . super run and finish , even if it needed a nick off okore to defeat given . pressed into good positions early on but influence faded later . subs : balotelli ( for markovic 46’ ) 6.5 . had an impact for the second half . should have been allowed his goal late on . johnson 5 ( for allen 78’ ) . lambert ( for moreno 90’ ) . liverpool forward raheem sterling is floored by a challenge from aston villa 's fabian delph ( left ) . brendan rodgers 5 . got his tactics wrong from the off and tried in vain to correct twice as the match progressed . not a good day for him . ref : michael oliver 6.5 . allowed the game to flow and got most calls correct . but his linesman failed him for balotelli’s strike .