it has no bathroom , no mains electricity and the only way to reach it is by boat or a novelty ' noddy ' train . but that has n't stopped this modest timber shed being put up for sale for £230,000 – making it one of britain 's most expensive beach huts . measuring just 15ft by 10ft , the remote beach hut on mudeford spit in christchurch , dorset , is the same price as a five-bedroom house in herefordshire and more than a detached four-bedroom house in kingswood , hull . owners will also have to shell out between £2,500 and £4,000 a year in ground rent to christchurch borough council for use of the hut which can sleep up to five people . a beach hut ( pictured ) on desirable mudeford spit in christchurch , dorset , has gone on the market for £230,000 - the same price as a family home in many parts of britain . the hut commands spectacular views across christchurch bay to the needles and the isle of wight , but the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach . hut 39 commands spectacular views across the solent , although the vista is presently blighted by a rubbish skip dumped on the beach for hut owners to use for their over-winter repairs . despite their hefty price tags , the huts at mudeford have no mains water or electricity , although this one does have a solar panel for 12v electric lights and power , a fridge and a full-size gas cooker . it has a kitchen , living area , mezzanine sleeping area and a sun terrace with incredible views over christchurch bay to the needles and the isle of wight . owners can only sleep at the huts between march and october , although they can visit any time of year , and they have to share a communal shower block . despite their hefty price tags , the huts at mudeford have no mains water or electricity and can only be reached via boat or noddy train . owners can only sleep at the huts between march and october , although they can visit any time of year , and they have to share a communal shower block . hut 433 on mudeford spit ( pictured ) went on sale for £270,000 in july 2014 - making it the most expensive beach hut in britain . the hut can sleep ten ( at a squash ) with a first floor mezzanine , two sofa beds and a pull-out double bed , and it has a small kitchen area and fridge freezer for the £270,000 price-tag . the beach hut 's remote location means it can only be reach by boat or a novelty ' noddy ' train , followed by a half-mile hike across the dunes . it boasts a desirable position on the end of a row near the river entrance , meaning there is nothing but open space next to it . the current owner , who does n't want to be named , is selling the hut privately . steve barratt , chairman of the mudeford beach hut association , said : ' most huts these days have solar panels to meet lighting and entertainment needs and most have fridges , making the overall living experience better . they are a home from home . ' the main benefit of being in a hut is that even if the weather is changeable and you would not consider visiting the beach from home , being there means that as soon as the rain stops you can open the doors to enjoy the natural beauty of the sandbank . ' in the summer thousands of visitors come to the beaches for the day and as a hut owner you can have the benefit of a busy seaside scene that will evaporate when the visitors leave and by 7pm the beach becomes a quiet , social retreat you can share with your beach friends . ' hut 433 on mudeford spit went on sale for £270,000 in july 2014 - making it the most expensive beach hut in britain . denisons estate agents said the market for beach huts and mudeford has snowballed over the last few years and many go for more than £200,000 . andy denison said : ' they do seem to be fetching around the £200,000-mark now and there are rumours of them going higher than that . ' it seems like a lot of money but people are willing to pay that , even though they 've still got to rent the land from the council as well . ' it 's a beautiful part of the world and has some of the nicest beaches . ' a one-bedroom beach hut ( pictured ) measuring just 23ft by 6ft in shaldon , devon , went on sale for £245,000 in november 2012 . the beach hut is the same price as a five-bedroom house in leominster , herefordshire ( left ) , and more than a detached four-bedroom house in kingswood , hull ( right ) . for the same amount , you could buy this spacious two-bedroom apartment ( pictured ) in the turnbull building , newcastle city centre . this traditional five-bedroom detached home in blairgowrie , perth , is also up for sale for the same amount as the beach hut . 