security will be beefed up for anzac day after five teenagers who were plotting an islamic state-inspired terror attack were arrested in pre-dawn raids . prime minister tony abbott promised there would be a strong police presence across australia to keep the public safe on april 25 . two teenagers remain in custody following raids in melbourne 's south-east after police were tipped off about an imminent attack on anzac day ceremonies . scroll down for video . prime minister tony abbott has urged people to continue with their anzac day plans , adding security would be ramped up on the day . sevdet besim , 18 , has been remanded in custody after appearing briefly in melbourne magistrates court on saturday . besim , from hallam , has been charged with conspiring to commit terrorist acts . another 18-year-old , from hampton park , is also expected to be charged with offences relating to preparing for a terrorist act and remains in custody . mr abbott has urged australians not to be deterred by the alleged terror plot and continue with their plans to attend centenary commemorations . sevdet besim has been charged in relation to an alleged terror plot targeting anzac day ceremonies . one of the houses in hallam - in melbourne 's south-east - that were raided in the early hours of saturday morning . two cars were parked outside the hallam house on saturday following police raids in relation to an alleged terror plot . ' the best thing you can do in the face of those who would do us harm is to live your life normally , ' mr abbott said . he also praised the professionalism of police conducting the early morning raids in metropolitan melbourne . there were no other specific threats to anzac day events in other cities , but mr abbott said there would be a strong police presence across australia nonetheless . security at the gallipoli ceremony was a matter for the turkish government , but australia had been co-operating in the lead up to the event . four thousand turkish police and security personnel would be deployed on the peninsula . ' i want to assure people that everything authorities can do to keep you safe is being done , ' mr abbott said . australian prime minister tony abbott ( right ) and australian federal police deputy commissioner michael phelan ( left ) address a media conference in sydney on saturday . there were no other specific threats to anzac day events in other cities , but mr abbott said there would be a strong police presence across australia nonetheless . anzac day ceremonies will take place across the country on april 25 to celebrate 100 years since the landing at gallipoli . federal police deputy commissioner michael phelan lamented that radicalised people could harm others even with rudimentary weapons . ' all you need these days is a knife , a flag and a camera and one can commit a terrorist act , ' he told reporters . deputy commissioner phelan acknowledged police did not have the luxury of time in dealing with potential terrorism plots , unlike in drug investigations . they had to act as soon as they thought the public were at risk . three of the five men who arrested after the raids were released following questioning for most of saturday . it is expected one of them - a 18-year-old from narre warren - will be charged on summons with weapons offences . two other narre warren men , aged 18 and 19 , have been released pending further enquiries . dubbed operation rising , more than 200 heavily-armed officers swooped on the melbourne 's south-east about 3am on saturday , executing search warrants in narre warren , hampton park , hallam and eumemmerring , arresting the men and seizing knives and swords . authorities have refused to give details of the alleged plot but say police at anzac activities around melbourne were the immediate target .