arsenal defender per mertesacker has tipped compatriot jurgen klopp to make his mark in the barclays premier league if he opts to continue his career in england . klopp , 47 , announced earlier this week that he would end his seven-year stint at borussia dortmund when the current season draws to a close , prompting fresh speculation that he could head for the premier league . manchester city have already indicated that a man who has also been linked with manchester united and arsenal in the past , is not in their sights , but germany international mertesacker insists klopp would be a good fit in the english top flight . jurgen klopp has revealed he will be vacating his role as borussia dortmund boss at the end of the season . arsenal vice-captain per mertesacker says klopp would be a top manager in the premier league . klopp chats with dortmund defender erik durm during a training session in dortmund on wednesday . he said : ' i 've got some nice experiences in the premier league and of course it would be nice if a german coach would take the challenge of working in the premier league . ' it 's not so good for dortmund that he is leaving but hopefully one day he will manage abroad . i think his passion would fit and to see him in england would be very interesting . ' everyone has their philosophy and i think jurgen klopp has proved that he 's top-level and can teach a lot . ' however , mertesacker insisted klopp , whose side are 10th in the bundesliga table , will need time to decide on his future after a largely successful spell in dortmund which has brought two league titles and a champions league final appearance . he said : ' i think he should just finish the season with dortmund and then he should be given time . ' we 'll see what he does next , but i think he 's fought his way out of all situations and i think that this time he will find a path that gives him a new challenge . ' but firstly , i wish him all the best and time to think about his achievements . sometimes you can underestimate what it 's like going straight into a new job . i think you should give him time - and i wish him all the best . ' klopp waves to the fans after dortmund 's champions league game against arsenal in november . the german boss has enjoyed a huge amount of success at dortmund and won the bundesliga title twice . but for all that a new challenge lies ahead for klopp , mertesacker admits he can not work out what has gone wrong to prompt his exit from borussia . he said : ' it is obviously sad news for borussia dortmund , [ he was ] such a passionate successful and passionate manager for them . he was the guy who turned it around at dortmund . ' the whole situation there - he built the squad on young players and they improved so much in the seven years he was in charge . it is a sad situation . ' but in the summer , it will be a new situation for him . maybe he is going to go abroad and see how it goes there . ' i would love to see more german managers abroad , because it is obviously a new challenge , to adapt to the culture , the language , the system . yes , why not ? ' it is his decision . he worked really hard and pushed really hard , so even if he said he is not tired , maybe he takes a bit of breather to fuel his energy and his batteries ? ' but i am curious what happened to him because he was an outstanding figure in the bundesliga in the last couple of years and always a title contender . they went to the champions league final . it will be interesting to see what happens in the summer . ' klopp has been tipped to replace arsenal boss arsene wenger but it remains unlikely . 