a man took a friend 's dog for a walk and hacked it to death with an axe because he was worried it might bite children . kevin dixon , 35 , of newsome in west yorkshire , took his friend 's akita-type dog for a walk to help her out and then hit it seven times with an axe - killing the animal . he was convicted of causing the dog unnecessary suffering and was given a suspended prison sentence and banned from keeping animals for ten years . kevin dixon offered to take his fiend 's akita-type dog ( pictured ) out for a walk to help his friend and hacked the animal to death because he was scared it might bite a child . kirklees magistrates ' court heard that dixon had agreed to walk the dog , tempa , for its owner amanda hamer who had been unable to do so after she suffered severe whiplash in early 2014 . the dog had a history of biting people and dixon had decided to kill the animal after it bit a woman , following a party at ms hamer 's home . dixon told the court he was worried it might bite one of the children sleeping at the house overnight . dixon ( left ) was convicted after a trial of causing the dog , called tempa ( right ) , of unnecessary suffering . on the evening of may 16 he took the animal out for a walk and then hit it seven times in the pitch black . he had initially claimed the dog had not suffered when he attacked it and the assault had been all over and done with ' from first blow to last in 10 seconds . ' tempa was hit with the axe seven times . but he was convicted by magistrates after further evidence was presented in a case brought by the rspca at trial earlier in the year . chairman of the bench sue collins , told dixon his actions were ' unacceptable ' and he had caused ' suffering to the dog ' but accepts ' he is remorseful and did n't want to cause harm ' . dixon was sentenced to 18 months in prison , suspended for two years . he was disqualified from keeping animals for 10 years . catherin mccullagh , for dixon , said : ' clearly mr dixon 's actions were undesirable if i can put it that way , as well as illegal . ' speaking after the sentence , ms hamer , 43 , said : ' the sentence is too light for somebody who has taken a member of the family . ' tempa was part of the family , my daughter 's best friend . she absolutely loved him - she has had an awful time through this . '   