a two-year-old boy is recovering after falling into a cheetah exhibit at the cleveland metroparks zoo after his parents dangled him over the edge , officials said . the toddler 's mother was holding him and another child when he slipped and fell between 10 to 12ft and into the pit on saturday around 3pm . the child was rescued by his parents before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . scroll down for video . a mother was holding the two-year-old boy and another child when the toddler slipped and fell into the cheetah exhibit at the cleveland metroparks zoo ( file photo of cheetahs at the cleveland zoo ) .  the boy was rescued by his parents from the pit ( pictured ) before firefighters and paramedics arrived on the scene . he suffered from minor bumps and bruises and was listed in stable condition at the hospital . he is listed in stable condition after being taken to metrohealth medical center and suffered from minor bruises and bumps . the boy 's leg was injured in the fall , but he was not attacked by the animals , dr. christopher kuhar , the zoo 's executive director told fox 8 . michael lurie and his family were at the cheetah exhibit when they heard the child scream . ' you saw how far the drop was and you just could n't believe the kid did n't hurt himself from falling down on the ground , ' lurie told wkyc . ' i was just shocked , ' he said . ' i did n't understand how the parents let the kid go over the thing . ' the cheetahs did not approach the boy or his parents while in the pit , according to zoo officials . zoo visitor terra lurie believes the boy was not approached by the fast feline because they were frightened . ' i think they were just curious as to what was going on and why somebody was in the pen with them , ' she said . ' it 's not every day that somebody is just in the pen with them . ' ' and everyone else is screaming and they probably got scared . ' kuhar said the zoo had received ' a number of eyewitness accounts ' that indicate the ' strong likelihood that the child was dangled over the railing , ' he told newsnet5 . cleveland metroparks zoo has plans to press child endangerment charges against the family on monday . the exhibit was closed following the child 's fall . zoo visitor michael lurie was at the cheetah exhibit when he heard the child scream . he said he was ' shocked ' and 'didn't understand how the parents let the kid ' go over the railing and into the pit . cleveland metroparks zoo plans to press child endangering charges against the child 's mother ( above file photo of visitors at the cleveland zoo ) .