jermain defoe says his stunning wear-tyne derby winner is justification for his decision to quit mls and return to the premier league . the former fc toronto striker had scored just twice for struggling sunderland since arriving on £80,000-per-week wages in january . but defoe was the hero on sunday as his 20-yard volley proved enough to secure a fifth straight victory for the black cats over newcastle . sunderland striker jermain defoe believes his stunning volley against newcastle has proven his worth . defoe 's superb first-half strike was enough to secure a 1-0 win for sunderland in the wear-tyne derby . newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was completely helpless as defoe 's shot found its way into the top corner . the 32-year-old was overcome with emotion in the wake of his brilliant blast , and admits the joy it brought to a sold-out stadium of light was too much to take in . ' i have said many times that i missed the premier league and it 's because of games like this , ' he said . ' games like this are why i came back . being at a club like this , they just love football . i was told before that if i come here and work hard and score goals , they wo n't ask for anything more . ' and i just love scoring goals , the fans deserved it . it 's been really difficult for them in the last few weeks but they always turn out . ' it was the whole occasion really that got to me . it was great to be the person that made so many people happy . i was just thinking , ' why me ? ' . ' as the whistle went for half-time and as i was walking down the tunnel i thought , ' i 'm crying and i 'm on the telly ' , but i did n't care . for the fans and everyone it was just a special day . ' the victory was the first of dick advocaat 's reign and moved sunderland up to 15th . defoe has compared the feeling of scoring the winner against newcastle to scoring at the world cup . defoe added : ' the manager said to use beforehand that we were lucky to be playing in a game like this . ' there are so many young kids who wish they could play in a game like this . to be blessed enough and to score the winner is amazing . ' going on the bus towards the game and seeing everyone outside the hotel , wanting autographs and pictures , there were so many fans there that i felt , ' wow , this is a massive game ' . ' when i scored i got that same feeling as when i scored in the world cup . i missed the world cup in 2006 when i felt in my heart i should have gone . ' it hurt me when i did n't go but i went to the next one and when i got the goal ( against slovenia ) i was emotional . ' that was scoring in a world cup for your country . it was the same on sunday . ' defoe joined sunderland from mls side fc toronoto and feels glad to be back in the premier league . 