dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain , but the turkish midfielder was the one left blushing as his side lost away at rivals dundee . former portsmouth ace ciftci briefly levelled the scores at dens park when he slotted home a penalty after greg stewart had given the hosts the lead . the 23-year-old celebrated by trying to rile dundee no 1 bain , but his actions came back to haunt him as the dark blues earned all three points thanks to further goals from jake mcpake and paul heffernan . dundee united striker nadir ciftci celebrated a goal by blowing a kiss at opposition goalkeeper scott bain . bain refuses to react as the turkish striker does his best to rile his rival goalkeeper at den park . turkish forward ciftci celebrates with a kiss but ends up blushing as his side lose derby match . it was dundee 's first win in a derby for more than 10 years and breathed further momentum into their push for a top-six place , as united 's poor run of domestic form continued . in front of a sell-out crowd , dundee started well with midfielder jim mcalister trying his luck early on with a 25-yard snap-shot on his left-foot which radoslaw cierzniak in the visitor’s goal held . united 's reply was a sweeping move involving paul dixon and chris erskine who , in turn , fed ciftci - but his low shot was saved by scott bain . jake mcpake wheels away in celebration as helps dundee earn first derby win in over a decade . however , dundee broke the deadlock in the 14th minute through stewart . the home side 's top scorer turned smartly and hit a shot from 22 yards which should have been dealt with by cierzniak , but the polish keeper allowed the ball to trickle through his hands and into the net , leaving him red-faced . the lead , however , was short-lived as united levelled two minutes later . chris erksine 's powerful shot came off the hand off dark blues skipper kevin thomson 's hand , and referee john beaton pointed straight to the spot . up stepped ciftci to send bain the wrong way and square things up . dundee utd goalkeeper radoslaw cierzniak looks back at his goal after mark stewart opened the scoring . stewart celebrates his derby goal with a fan as he runs over to the home faithful at den park . however , dundee regained the lead in the 23rd minute when stewart 's corner was met by mcpake , who rose above jaroslaw fojut head past cierzniak from six yards . as the half-hour mark approached , united came close to equalising when aidan connolly jinked in from the left before unleashing a venomous shot which bain was relieved to see clear his crossbar . the tangerines were desperate for an equaliser before the break and in the 35th minute dixon 's whipped cross was met by connolly - but his left-foot effort went wide . dundee utd 's chris erskine goes down under a challenge from stephen mcginn during the dundee derby . united attempted to step up a gear and john rankin 's 56th-minute shot was deflected just wide by stewart for a corner . at the other end , dundee 's paul mcgowan released paul mcginn down the right and his cross picked out heffernan - but the striker mishit the shot and the chance was not taken . however , heffernan was not to be denied and the irish ace killed the contest midway through the second half . dundee 's paul heffernan taps home his side 's third goal of the game as they close in on derby victory . skipper thomson sent stewart clear on the left and his cross was perfect for heffernan to calmly knock home at the far post . mcgowan almost made it 4-1with 10 minutes of the contest remaining , only for cierzniak to defy him with a fingertip save from his header . however , the hard work had already been done by the hosts - who were by far the better team on the night .