a woman asked a judge on thursday to dismiss her lawsuit against the daughter of university of alabama football coach nick saban , bringing an end to a legal fight between sorority sisters that was sparked by an alcohol-fueled brawl . attorneys for plaintiff sarah grimes and for kristen saban would not say whether there had been a settlement of the lawsuit , which was set for trial in early august . ' we are pleased that this case is over , ' said josh hayes , a lawyer for the coach 's daughter . burying the hatchet : university of alabama graduate sarah grimes ( left ) has dropped her lawsuit against her former sorority sister kristen saban ( pictured right with coach dad ) , whom she had accused of brutally beating her . sisters : both saban and grimes pledged the phi mu sorority ( pictured ) at the university of alabama in 2009 . stephen strickland , who filed the request on behalf of grimes , declined to comment . the one-sentence dismissal motion did not give a reason for the move , but it said each woman should pay her own legal costs . tuscaloosa county circuit judge james roberts did not immediately rule on the request . grimes sued the coach 's daughter in tuscaloosa county in 2012 over a fight they had while attending college in 2010 . the lawsuit said grimes suffered lasting injuries during the brawl , which evidence showed began over a facebook post after a night of drinking . arguments during a hearing and court documents showed the two women came to blows at kristen saban 's apartment after the famous coach 's daughter posted ' no one likes sarah yayyyyy ! ' on facebook . grimes banged on saban 's bedroom door demanding that the post be deleted and the two were soon in a tussle that included pushing and hair pulling . grimes portrayed kristen saban as the aggressor . grimes said she suffered serious injuries , including a concussion and a broken nose that required surgery . but a judge in tuscaloosa cited alabama 's ' stand your ground ' law in ruling that saban only defended herself against grimes . nick saban and his wife , terry saban , were not parties in the lawsuit , which sought an unspecified amount of money . girl brawl : grimes ( left ) claimed in her 2012 lawsuit that she suffered lasting injuries during a boozy brawl with saban ( right ) in 2010 , which evidence showed began over a facebook post after a night of drinking . grimes ' now-defunct lawsuit stated that the fight happened in the wee hours on aug. 29 , 2010 , after a night of drinking at rounders , a local bar in tuscaloosa . the two sorority sisters and five other girlfriends were hanging out in saban 's apartment when they began to bicker over a boyfriend . grimes told saban to ' shut up ' and that ' others were tired of listening to her , ' according to court documents . grimes told saban she ' needed to get therapy ' because she was a ' psycho ' — to which saban fired back : ' because that worked really well for you , ' court records show . standing her ground : saban claimed it was grimes who attacked her first and she was just defending herself . saban then locked herself in the bathroom , and posted on her facebook : ' no one likes sarah , yayyyyy ! ' that 's where things get murky — which each of the sorority sisters claiming in legal papers that the other beat her badly . in her testimony , grimes said that saban ' used both of her hands and shoved her into an open door frame , ' where she hit her head . grimes said she put ' one hand on [ saban 's ] throat , one hand on her chest , and threw her back ' to try to get away . but saban bounced back on top of her and ' hit her in the face more than five times , ' leaving grimes bleeding ' all over the floor and all over herself , ' running down her face and into her bra . grimes later testified that she had ' extensive ' injuries , including a swelling on her left temple and a black eye . saban presented a different version of events . she said in legal papers that , after she posted on facebook , grimes rushed over to confront her and began banging on her door . ' she was screaming at me to take it off and cursing , and i finally took it off , and i opened the door , and i showed her , ' saban testified , according to court records . ' i had my phone out , and i said , `` it 's off . it 's off . '' ' and then she took both of her hands and put them around my throat . ' university of alabama coach nick saban ( pictured ) and his wife , terry saban , were not parties in the lawsuit . saban added there was ' just a lot of slapping and punching , not many [ punches ] landing , and scratching . ' her injuries including a broken nose and scratches on her back , she testified . kristen saban pleaded guilty to an unspecified offense before the university 's judicial board but was not prosecuted criminally , according to the suit . it said she was required to undergo psychological screening and take an anger management class . grimes and kristen saban , one-time close friends , have both graduated from the university . ms grimes went on to become a first-grade teacher in alabama , while her arch-rival has launched a career in marketing . 