boss tim sherwood backed christian benteke to fire aston villa to safety after the striker 's crucial hat-trick saved a point against qpr . the forward 's treble - his first in two years - clinched a pulsating 3-3 draw with their drop rivals as villa edged further clear of the bottom three . villa are three points above the barclays premier league drop zone and denied qpr the chance to leapfrog them in the table . christian benteke scored a stunning hat-trick as aston villa drew 3-3 against queens park rangers . manager tim sherwood said that benteke can fire villa to premier league safety . defeat would have left villa in the relegation zone and behind qpr but benteke struck a 25-yard free-kick with seven minutes left to save them and complete his treble . the belgium international has seven goals in seven games under sherwood and the boss hopes he can maintain his form to keep villa up . he said : ' that 's the plan . ' it does n't come much better than that . he 's a good player , i have always said it and he 's in a rich vein of form . ' it 's fantastic for him to score the goals , it 's just a shame we could n't get the three points . ' it 's not about what you deserve , it 's about what you get and we got one point . ' this could be a vital point come the end of the season in the end , when you go so late into the game and christian has had to pull that out the bag we 're grateful . ' but sherwood insisted villa should have won after benteke 's first-half double , cancelling out matt phillips ' opener , gave them a 2-1 lead at the break . he said : ' it 's disappointing when you dominate a football match like that , the ref should have stopped it at half-time . qpr were only ahead for three minutes in the first half after benteke equalised for the hosts at villa park . benteke drove beyond rob green from the edge of the box to net his seventh goal of the season early on . ' i thought we tired in the second half but that 's to be expected and two of those back four have trained about four times in eight weeks . we dropped off a little bit too deep and could n't keep that pressure on them . ' but anyone who has seen that football match knows it should n't have been close . ' rangers hit back after the break through clint hill and charlie austin , the latter netting with just 12 minutes left . they have taken four points from their last two away games after winning just once on the road this season before saturday 's 4-1 win at west brom . the draw , though , left them two points from safety having played a game more and boss chris ramsey admitted he was nervous after austin 's goal . he said : ' it 's a long time , it 's heart attack time for managers that . you can see you 're going to win but you know there 's a chance anything can happen , a free-kick , a corner or a bit of magic . benteke 's added two more , including this wonder free-kick - much like jason puncheon 's on monday night . ' i thought we could ( hang on ) but a free-kick is a free-kick , at that stage most of their attacking options had been exhausted . ' i 'm disappointed if i 'm being honest . but before the game if someone said we 'd get four points from the last two games we probably would have taken that . ' rangers were seeking back-to-back away wins in the top flight for the first time since 1995 but ramsey targeted home victories to keep them up . they host chelsea on sunday before welcoming west ham and newcastle to loftus road . he said : ' i do n't know what we need but we 're probably going to have to win three games . i do n't know what the points total will be but our two home games are going to be very important after chelsea . ' we have got a couple of very difficult ones in liverpool and manchester city and then we have the potential cup final against leicester on the last day of the season . ' most teams would take being in it right to the end and then roll the dice , you do n't want to start being detached because it 's a big mountain to climb . '