giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the south on tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather . twitter user arke usa from bryant , arkansas , filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool . footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed , with many cracking as they hit the ground . despite it being around 80-degrees , the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt . in a matter of seconds the patio is completely covered in snow-white pellets . caught on camera : giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the south on tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather . monster hail : brittney davis from arkansas holds one of the hail stones that fell from the sky yesterday . photographs taken after the hail storm passed show large punctures in a lawn . a suv and drainpipe are also seen littered with dent marks . other social media users have also been sharing pictures of the monster hail . many pictures show the balls alongside quarter-dollar coins to demonstrate their mammoth size . other residents claimed the spheres were as big as baseballs . before and after shots : twitter user arke usa from bryant , arkansas , filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool . big pellets : the national weather service received 170 reports of hail , twenty of which detailed stones at least two inches in diameter . lasting damage : photographs taken after the hail storm passed show punctures in a lawn ( left ) and dent marks on an suv ( right ) . christopher pipkin uploaded a photo to twitter showing his mother 's car windscreen smashed in as a result of the hail storm . the national weather service apparently received 170 reports of hail on tuesday , twenty of which detailed stones at least two inches in diameter . along with hail , lighting and thunder also hit arkansas and parts of mississippi . there have been reports of power outages and traffic delays due to the severe weather . according to the weather channel , the storms will move across the midwest on thursday with st louis , louisville , memphis , indianapolis , little rock , oklahoma city and dallas hit hardest . on friday the icy blasts are set to drift further south , hitting cities including jackson and birmingham . sweeping front : there have been reports of power outages and traffic delays due to the severe weather . warning : according to the weather channel , the storms will move across the midwest on thursday with st louis , louisville , memphis , indianapolis , little rock , oklahoma city and dallas hit hardest . weekend woes : on friday the icy blasts are set to drift further south , hitting cities including jackson and birmingham .