women and vanity have always gone hand in hand . indeed , archaeologists have been known to find the remains of bodies clutching make-up , beauty tools in graves and detailed beauty manuals from bygone times . while they may not have had vampire facials , cellulite cream and contouring kits at their disposal , the women of ancient history had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves . the women of ancient history , including mary queen of scots , who washed herself in white wine , had some fascinating methods for beautifying themselves . cleopatra , for one , had some interesting methods and even penned a book documenting her most prized beauty secrets . the famed egyptian beauty famously bathed in donkey-milk baths . her daily donkey-milk baths , which she believed had anti-ageing and skin smoothing properties thanks to the alpha hydroxy acids , apparently required over 700 donkeys to accomplish . she often mixed donkey-milk with crocodile dung to create a face mask and also bathed in rose petals to leave her skin smelling sweet . egyptian queen nefertiti , meanwhile , loved to make her own cosmetics , including her own blend of eyeliner using lead-based kohl , and clay and crushed beetles as blusher . cleopatra , left , the famed egyptian beauty , famously bathed in donkey-milk baths , while empress elisabeth of austria , right , loved to conjure up her own face creams in the 19th century . the goddesses of ancient greece strove to achieve a pale complexion and made honey and olive oil-based concoctions to achieve this . they used a combination of white lead and olive oil to whiten the skin and created an on-trend monobrow using dark powder . bleach blonde hair was coveted in ancient greece and women doused themselves in vinegar to get the look . meanwhile , the ladies of ancient india used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty regime and were said to treat problem skin and cracked heels using the bizarre ingredient . a rouge pout came courtesy of betel leaves , which women would chomp on . the geishas of japan used rice flour to whiten their faces and cleansed with nightingale poop . the geishas of japan - particularly in the heian era - achieved black teeth with oxidised iron fillings steeped in an acidic solution . faces were whitened using rice flour and removed using nightingale poop , a treatment that beauty salons are adding to their menus today . over in china , female emperor wu zetian mixed chinese motherwort with cold water to cleanse her face . mary , queen of scots was said to wash her body in white wine , which , thanks to its antiseptic alcohol content , was deemed to help boost her complexion . empress elisabeth ( sisi ) of austria loved to conjure up her own face creams in the 19th century . she mixed spermaceti ( a wax found in the head of sperm whales ) , rosewater and almond oil and coated her face with the substance daily . she was also fond of creating a diy night mask using raw veal and crushed strawberries .