a farmer has been forced out of her home after a neighbour repeatedly exposed himself to her . mandy dunford , 54 , was followed around her farm in the north yorkshire moors by 67-year-old kenneth ward , naked apart from socks and boots . the military historian even performed sex acts in front of her . ward was jailed for five years in 2011 after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences . farmer mandy dunford , 54 ( right ) , feels forced to leave her home after neighbour kenneth ward , 67 ( left ) , who was jailed for exposing himself to her in 2011 , was released from prison and allowed to return to his home . police had discovered of a cache of weapons , including machine guns , in his home . a judge at teesside crown court also imposed a sexual offences prevention order , banning the flasher from being within 200 metres of miss dunford . but while the former police officer believed her nine-year ordeal of harassment was over , ward has now been released – and has successfully appealed to have the restraining order overturned . it means he will be able to return to his cottage next door to miss dunford’s farm in chop gate , north yorkshire . as a result , she said she feels forced to leave . ‘ i feel yet again that the offender has been given more rights than the victim , ’ the farmer said . ‘ my punishment for his crimes has been far worse than anything he has ever faced – i’m losing my home so that he can return to his … i expected to live here for the rest of my life with my animals around me . ’ in a hearing held since ward’s sentencing , a new boundary was drawn up allowing him to approach miss dunford’s farm from all sides . she added : ‘ it means he can follow me around with only the width of a wire fence between us . ‘ when i heard the order had been changed … i was horrified and i knew my only option was to pack up and leave . i will be forced to abandon my home and my life just so that he can return … i can’t see the justice in that and i want to know why the rights of a man who tortured me for so long are more important than mine . ’ miss dunford’s problems with ward began when she put a gate across a lane shared by their properties . ward was jailed for five years in 2011 at teesside crown court ( pictured ) after admitting 11 counts of exposure and numerous firearms offences . however , he has now been released and allowed to return home . she said : ‘ he first started exposing himself to me around 2002 and would peer in through my windows with his wild staring eyes . ‘he’d run around the house at night shouting and tapping on the windows … he’d come right up to me and follow me around wearing nothing but boots and socks . ‘ sometimes he’d climb a ladder and expose himself over the wall of his cottage and once he confronted me on the lane and aimed a rifle at me . i turned and ran and heard five shots go off … i went to the police to report him but their response was hopeless . ’ ward and his brother also left piles of maggot-infested animal carcasses outside her home . police finally arrested him after miss dunford filmed the harassment and showed them hours of footage .