stan collymore , talksport lead football pundit who revels in laying down the law on the radio , astonished reporters with his behaviour during aston villa’s 3-3 premier league draw with qpr on tuesday night . collymore , despite sitting in the villa park press box where media impartiality is taken for granted , was jumping up and down during the game like the most fanatical villa fan , celebrating the goals with the home supporters . he even greeted qpr’s joey barton falling down to win a free-kick by clearly shouting at him : ‘ you f****** rat . ’ talksport pundit stan collymore was in full fan mode as he celebrated villa 's 3-3 draw with qpr . the former villa striker let loose with his wild , and sometimes expletive laden , comments from the press box . villa fan collymore believed such actions in the supposed neutral sanctuary of the press box were permissible as he wasn’t working for talksport during the match . he tweeted : ‘ with respect , on nights i go as a fan . . . i’m not being paid to do anything other than be a fan . ’ and talksport would not comment as they said collymore wasn’t on duty , with reporter nigel pearson giving his rather more impartial verdict for the station . however collymore did an interview with adrian durham and darren gough on talksport before the match . collymore called joey barton a 'f*****g rat ' after he fell down to win a free-kick for qpr during the game . jason gillespie , yorkshire’s highly-rated championship-winning coach also in charge of big bash team adelaide strikers , is hardly your archetypal red-meat-eating aussie fast bowler . gillespie , who would be first choice for england as well if peter moores fails in the west indies , is preparing for new season by becoming a vegan . meanwhile lancashire’s supporters’ action group are questioning the value of having sky sports commentator paul allott on the club board after peter siddle , lancashire’s overseas signing , was selected for australia’s tours of the west indies and england , ruling him out of any county involvement . yorkshire 's championship winning coach jason gillespie is preparing for the season with a new diet . bookmakers paddy power , rabid publicists guaranteed to offend , have a new stunt showing ruby walsh supposedly preparing for the grand national by jumping his horse over a speeding car . the youtube video is plainly mocked up but , with sensitivities around animal welfare , it was crass of walsh , jump racing’s pre-eminent jockey after ap mccoy’s forthcoming retirement , to involve himself in such a provocative spoof — even if he is a paddy power ambassador . ruby walsh and horse clear a car , claimed to be travelling at 40mph , as part of the grand national countdown . the split between fa chairman greg dyke and vice-chairman david gill over homegrown players became very apparent during wednesday 's fa council meeting . after dyke gave his well-received presentation , manchester united director gill , with his premier league hat on , told council that dyke should have said ‘i’ rather than ‘we’ as the issue had yet to be debated by the fa board . gill wants the consultation period to be a proper process starting at board level — during which no doubt the premier league will try to hijack it . so the big question is whether dyke is willing to use the rulebook to force it through . fa chairman greg dyke still faces a challenge to convince everyone over plans to change homegrown quota . gordon faces scrutiny . michael gordon , american representative on daily liverpool business for the club’s fenway sports group owners , likes to operate well away from the media spotlight . however boston red sox baseball shareholder gordon might soon have to explain his major involvement in a number of signings that haven’t worked out as well as current contract stand-offs if liverpool’s season were to further unravel . it’s understood gordon’s high opinion of liverpool’s pulling power and ability to keep players might have been swayed rather too much by their brief presence in the champions league . michael gordon may have to explain why several signings , such as mario balotelli , have not worked out . channel 4 racing missing the start of an all-weather championship race at lingfield last friday because of an ad break could come back to haunt them . arena racing company , the largest uk racing group are understood to have paid for the tv production costs as part of the lingfield promotion that attracted a 9,000 crowd . meanwhile arc are looking to invite people supportive of their all-weather racing track at newcastle for a celebratory launch when they receive the go-ahead for the plans discussed by the british horseracing authority board yesterday . however those in favour of the flat turf being dug up on the newcastle mile are very hard to find . 