there are up to one million free-roaming dogs on romania 's streets who are being hunted down by ' dog catchers ' and stuck in squalid state-run pounds where ' they are waiting to die ' . the ' euthanasia ' of strays was legalised by the romanian parliament in september 2013 to help reduce a massive overpopulation . but a group of former models called the k-9 angels have rescued hundreds of dogs from the streets where they would be savagely killed - and re-homed at least 700 in the uk . the angels claim government funds for programmes aimed at neutering the animals were never implemented and the animals were dealt with in the ' most cruel way ' . pola pospieszalska , anneka svenska and former playboy model victoria eisermann are devoted to saving the mistreated dogs - and finding them loving homes . scroll down for videos . the k-9 angels charity fronted by singer pola pospieszalska ( left ) , tv wildlife presenter anneka svenska ( right ) and former playboy model victoria eisermann ( centre ) is devoted to saving the mistreated dogs . rescue : the k-9 angels ( pola pictured ) have rescued hundreds of stray dogs from being killed in romania and re-homed them in the uk . second chance : pola , anneka and victoria ( pictured ) have re-homed at least 700 dogs in the uk and spayed over 2,500 dogs . overpopulation : charities estimate there are between 500,000 and one million free-roaming dogs on romania 's streets . cruelty : pola described to mailonline how ' tens of thousands of animals have been caught by dogcatchers ( pictured ) and killed in most horrific ways ' . inhumane : the dogs are supposed to be euthanised humanely with a legal injection but in reality they can be clubbed to death , set on fire and left for dead . abandoned : charities have told mailonline that state-appointed ' dog catchers ' are rounding up dogs and taking them to holding pens where they are ' waiting to die ' . attack : pola from k-9 angels ( pictured ) she says the ' killing law ' was passed following an ' isolated incident ' in 2013 , when a four-year-old boy was mauled to death by a pack of ' vicious stray dogs ' . brutal : the angels claim government funds for programmes which were designed to neuter dogs were never implemented and the animals were dealt with in the ' most cruel way ' . they say the state-appointed catchers round up dogs and take them to holding pens where they can be ' clubbed to death ' and set on fire . pola told mailonline : ' romania 's stray dog situation is probably one of the worst in europe and sad , neglected , hungry animals are a part of romanian landscape . she says the ' killing law ' was passed following an ' isolated incident ' in 2013 , when a four-year-old boy was mauled to death by a pack of ' vicious stray dogs ' . adding : ' tens of thousands of animals have been caught by dogcatchers and killed in most horrific ways . ' it is common in romania for them not to use a euthanasia injection , but instead dispose of dogs in cheaper ways such as injecting paint thinner into the heart , strangling , clubbing to death . ' the founders of k-9 angels describe the pounds as ' filthy , dirty , short on food ' and in truth - just a place to dump these dogs so they die away from the public ' . here , the dogs suffer from mange - a skin disease caused by parasitic mites - and fights between them erupt regularly . despite the harsh conditions they are subjected to , the animals who are lucky enough to be alive still vie for the angels ' affection when they are eventually rescued . animal charity four paws - which has helped neuter around 150,000 stray dogs - says the situation for dogs became much worse when the killing law was introduced . its spokesperson adam rahman told mailonline : ' dogs are brutally rounded up by dog catchers and taken to pounds where they are subjected to poor conditions and cruel treatment , and are essentially waiting to be killed . ' the organisation responsible for catching the dogs estimated that they had captured around 25,000 stray dogs in bucharest alone since the legislation was passed , and overseen the killing of around 16,000 . ' the organisation successfully convinced the bucharest court of appeal to suspend the legislation last summer , but they say the brutal situation on the streets remains the same . killing : the romanian government implemented the culling programme to stem the overpopulation of stray dogs but a who report says killing the animals will not solve the problem . humane : victoria ( pictured ) and the k-9 angels have so far re-home at least 700 dogs in the uk and spayed thousands more . change : their kent-based charity 's website is full of pictures of once-doomed dogs who have found happy homes in the uk . inspiration : the angels were formed when anneka ( left ) saw of a picture of a desperate romanian stray on facebook and decided to do help with her friends pola and victoria ( right ) . found : like the angels , charity league of rescue has also rescued hundreds of stray dogs like tommy ( pictured ) from romania 's streets . happy home : tommy - who was found malnourished in the back of a rundown car - is now living comfortably in the uk . desperate : they also found mabel ( pictured ) at a train station in an appalling condition and a severe wound on her left paw . happy ending : mabel - whose leg was crushed - is one of the lucky ones to be rescued but 16,000 dogs have been culled since it was legalised at the end of 2013 . inspired : the k-9 angels were forged when tv wildlife presenter anneka saw a photograph of a desperate stray dog on the streets of romania on facebook . earlier this month , the charity found evidence of a massive and illegal cull of stray dogs in the small southern town of clinceni . they discovered dozens of dead dogs with visible wounds on their heads and bodies left to rot in black bags in the forest . ' this is another serious violation of the law on stray animals and proof that , although the killing law has been repealed since june 20 , 2014 , ' four paws said . the cull is supposed to reduce the overpopulation of stray dogs in the country but a world health organisation report claimed : ' in none of the study areas did the elimination of dogs by any method ( catching , shooting or other ) have any significant long-term effect on dog population size . ' the k-9 angels were forged when tv wildlife presenter anneka saw a photograph of a desperate stray dog on the streets of romania on facebook . it was the plight of that dog - named angel - that inspired the trio to officially form the organisation in november 2011 . their petition to calling on the european union to investigate the ' disappearance ' of the public funds designated for a neutering programme has gained over 28,000 signatures . gruesome : charity four paws discovered dozens of dogs with severe wounds to their head and bodies in the a southern romanian town . grotesque : while another charity dog rescue romani claim to see piles of dead dogs left on village roads . a rescue worker with dog rescue romani said they regularly see piles of dead dogs left in the middle of village roads when they patrol the south-west of romania . its spokesperson marius costache told mailonline : ' the scenes are such that alive dogs and some puppies were eating from the other dead dogs within the pile . ' we asked someone who said they saw a large truck passing by at 3.30am that night who dumped the pile and left . ' we called our local police right at that moment and the answer was ' so what do you want us to do ? ' ' with the euthanasia law or without , it the slaughter in romania public shelters or streets will continue . ' between march and may 2014 , a team of investigators from four paws investigated 43 public shelters in romania – from around 81 currently registered with the romanian vet authorities . the results of the investigation were shocking as they found that not one of these public shelters in romania conformed to the law regulating the national programme on stray dogs .