a young mother wrote a heartbreaking obituary for herself before she passed away after a years long battle with cancer . beth o'rourke , 44 , of paxton , massachusetts , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer , and on april 16 , the mother of courtney , 11 , and seamus , 8 , lost that fight . but as she stated in her obituary ; ' i was a survivor . ' beth o'rourke ( above with husband brendan and children courtney and seamus ) , 44 , has spent the past 7 years fighting stage four biliary cancer and passed away april 16 . beth ( above with brendan ) wrote her own obituary . ' i died thursday , april 16 , 2015 surrounded by family , in the arms of my husband and ' anam cara ' , brendan patrick o'rourke , ' she wrote in the obituary . anam cara means soul mate in gaelic . she then went on to acknowledge all those she loved so much in her life , and then express just how happy she was , even though she was gone . ' i loved my life . i loved a long run , to sit quietly by the lake , to read and dance and sing and be silly with our children , ' she wrote . ' we loved watching summer storms blow across the water . i loved to chat and laugh with my sisters and friends , until tears ran down our legs ! ' in the end though , she focused on her two children and her husband . ' of all the things i did in this life , nothing compared to being with brendan and our children . i fought every day to stay alive and to be with them . no person could ever ask for a more loving and supportive husband , always my champion , always , ' she said . ' i enjoyed every moment we shared ; the great ones , the sad ones , the easy and the hard . i pray they have learned to feel the deep sense of faith that i shared . no matter where this journey brings me next , i will forever carry their love with me , as i am sure there is a piece of me that will forever remain with them . ' as for her own life , she said she hoped to be remembered ' with laughter , love and a good pint . ' beth and brendan are seen above on their wedding day . beth dancing with her father in an old family photo . jim heald , the owner of the heald & chiampa funeral home and a longtime friend of beth , says he was not surprised at all she wrote her own obituary . ' she was a planner , and it was in her best efforts to prepare herself and her family for what was coming , ' he told abc news . ' being in the first person is very different . i write them for the family and she did it firsthand . it 's absolutely magnificent . ' he then added ; ' in that obituary she was teaching . she so eloquently says , `` cancer loses grace and love wins . '' it was so profound and so true . brendan also thought his wife 's message was magnificent . ' it 's pretty amazing to think that someone could write that before passing away . it 's pretty amazing , ' he said . ' beth was amazing . ' ' beth was amazing , ' said brendan of his wife . beth is seen getting her nursing degree above . in an interview with today , brendan once again praised his wife . ' she was so powerful , ' he said . ' most people , up until very recently , did n't even know she was sick , even though she 'd been through multiple surgeries and [ chemotherapy ] treatments . she always had a positive outlook . she always cared more for everybody else first . ' he also said that in addition to writing her obituary she planned the entire funeral so no one else would have to worry about anything after she was gone . now family members have set up a gofundme page to try and fund her children 's education , and help out brendan , who met his wife when the two were just 14-years-old . already $ 30,000 has been raised , with the hopes of making it to $ 100,000 from brendan and the children . ' this is a story about a love that will live forever and will never fade or waver , ' the page says of beth . ' her love is like the wind , we ca n't see it but we can feel it every single day . ' i died thursday , april 16 , 2015 surrounded by family , in the arms of my husband and anam cara , brendan patrick o'rourke . i was 44 years old . i was a survivor . i was blessed in this life with two amazing children ; courtney elizabeth age 11 and seamus brendan aged 8 . i was a burncoat girl , raised by my mother , eileen ( courtney ) rafferty now of holden , and my very dear uncle , george ' david ' rafferty who predeceased me . henry j rafferty was my father who also predeceased me . i also leave my brother sean p. rafferty , sisters : noreen erickson and her husband robert , ellen r harrity and megan rafferty , all of worcester . i leave a most loving mother and father in law , james g. and hannah ' joan ' o'rourke ; a sister , colleen and her husband , martin dyer all of worcester ; a brother-in-law , james o'rourke and his wife , michelle ( holden ) and lifelong friends carrie ann buccaglia ( worcester ) , maureen grenier ( dudley ) , patricia flagg ( millbury ) , and many nieces and nephews . i 'd like to thank my colleague , physician and dear friend venu bathini md , for his care and support in this battle . you always saw me as a person and not a statistic . in addition i thank my pcp elizabeth murphy md , nurses beth and faith and all those who cared for me during this journey . it was not easy for me to be a care receiver , but we forged a path for me that brought me further than most would have imagined . i attended burncoat high school , worcester state university obtaining my masters in nursing . as a ' roaming ' catholic i attended mass in various parishes . we are members of st columba but attended st. johns , our lady of the angels and the abbey in spencer . nursing was my calling , during my career i had the honor and privilege , to care for patients who were amazing people ; they often gave me the strength and courage to get through my journey and the desire to return to the work of caring for others . i hope i was able to give them a fraction of what they gave me . i loved my life . i loved a long run , to sit quietly by the lake , to read and dance and sing and be silly with our children . we loved watching summer storms blow across the water . i loved to chat and laugh with my sisters and friends , until tears ran down our legs ! brendan and i enjoyed many trips together , most enjoyable were those to ireland , visiting family to share a pint and some good ' craic ' . and of course sitting quietly on the porch with brendan ( listening to the red sox ) . i enjoyed working for a cause , among them , the pancreatic cancer alliance , whose members ' spirit and dedication amazed me . of all the things i did in this life , nothing compared to being with brendan and our children . i fought every day to stay alive and to be with them . no person could ever ask for a more loving and supportive husband , always my champion , always . i enjoyed every moment we shared ; the great ones , the sad ones , the easy and the hard . i pray they have learned to feel the deep sense of faith that i shared . no matter where this journey brings me next , i will forever carry their love with me , as i am sure there is a piece of me that will forever remain with them . but cancer does not care who it takes , who it hurts , or honor or love . it comes into your life and starts to break the threads that hold you and you are left to see pieces of yourself slip away and dreams fade . we were clung only to each other with pure love and faith binding us , in the end is when the most amazing thing happens , cancer loses its strength and grace appears . we need to see it . we accept it , and go with it . grace and love win , not cancer . i hope to be remembered , with laughter , love and a good pint . and for my children to know `` no momma ever did and no momma ever will….. '' family and friends will gather to honor and remember my life at calling hours on tuesday , april 21 , 2015 from 4:00 to 8:00 pm at heald & chiampa funeral directors – the sumner house , 5 church road , on the common , shrewsbury center . my funeral mass will be celebrated in saint john 's church , 44 temple street , worcester on wednesday , april 22nd at 10 a.m. burial will follow in mooreland cemetery , paxton . honor my legacy and love for my children with a donation to our story of love or become involved and help fight cancer in any way you can . forgive someone today and fill that spot with love .