bayern munich have joined manchester united and liverpool in the race to sign memphis depay . the psv eindhoven star 's talents have been compared to those of a young cristiano ronaldo by ronald de boer , who also claims united could have the edge over liverpool in a battle for the holland forward . the 21-year-old dutch international has played a starring role in psv 's eredivisie title success this season . he is the subject of offers from liverpool and paris st germain while united have also made contact . liverpool are making a rival push for manchester united target memphis depay . liverpool hope to convince 21-year-old depay that he would get more regular football with them . de boer has been impressed and suggested he could follow in the footsteps of one of old trafford 's former greats and become one of the world 's best players . ' ( depay ) is one of the biggest talents in europe , ' said de boer on talksport . ' he has skill compared to a young cristiano ronaldo . he is very lively , technically unbelievable , very skilful , very fast , he has a great goalscoring record , he can shoot from every distance - he has everything . ' for me , he is without doubt one of the best talents we have . ' de boer , the former ajax , barcelona and holland midfielder who is now assistant manager of ajax 's youth team , believes the presence of louis van gaal as manager could give united an advantage . depay played under van gaal during the latter 's spell as national team boss . ' i do n't want to say which club is more suitable for him , but if he goes to united he knows there is a dutch coach there who knows him from the world cup , ' said de boer . ' that is an advantage . ' psv eindhoven won their first eredivisie title in seven years after beating heerenveen 4-1 on saturday . depay ( right ) celebrates the dutch giants ' success with manager phillip cocu after the match . pep guardiola and his staff are planning for the long-term with wingers arjen robben and franck ribery growing older and picking up more injuries . bayern are keen on wolfsburg 's kevin de bruyne too and real madrid 's gareth bale . the latter wants to stay in spain but de bruyne , a firm target for manchester city , could be sold at around £40m while psv want £20m for depay . liverpool hope to convince depay that he would get more regular football with them but their qualification for the champions league could be crucial to the 23-goal winger choosing them over united . psv value depay at £25million and rejected a £14million bid from tottenham for him last summer . psv eindhoven general manager toon gerbrands said : ' we have given an indication of the price for depay , which is probably more than €25m . therefore we can have no quibbles with depay 's management [ over the price ] . gerbrands added : ' depay must first reach an agreement with a club and if that club are willing to pay the transfer fee then he can leave quickly . ' early years and psv eindhoven . born in 1994 , depay started out at hometown club vv moordrecht - a dutch amateur side in south holland - at the age of six before joining sparta rotterdam three years later . the son of a ghanaian father and dutch mother , depay moved to psv at the age of 12 before making his first-team debut in september 2011 having impressed during a trial . depay signed his first professional contract in june 2012 and has already made over 100 appearances for the dutch giants . playing style . pacy , with neat close control , depay loves to run at defenders and completed the most dribbles in the entire eredivisie during the 2013/14 campaign . adding more goals to his game this season , the youngster is more than capable at shooting from distance and boasts an explosive right-foot . often playing on the left-wing and cutting inside , depay is strong on the ball and has more than a few tricks up his sleeve to bamboozle opponents . however , still at a young age and learning the game , the 21-year-old can sometimes be guilty of making the wrong pass or keeping hold of the ball for too long . talent to one day match arjen robben ... and already better than a young cristiano ronaldo ? while depay has been tipped to become as good as dutch star arjen robben by psv manager phillip cocu , one man believes the holland youngster could one day rival cristiano ronaldo . ed van steijn , the man who scouted ronaldo for manchester united , believes depay is better than the real madrid star was at the same age . speaking to dutch daily newspaper algemeen dagblad , van steijn said : ' if i compare him to a young cristiano ronaldo at the time , then depay has more strings to his bow . i like him better . ' ronaldo did the same things wrong at manchester united as he did when he was 17 . ' meanwhile , former holland midfielder cocu said of depay : ' whether he can be as good as arjen robben ? i think so . ' they are different players , but they are both fast and have a good shot . and both always have the urge to learn . ' but memphis is only 21-years-old and only in a few years can real conclusions be drawn . ' depay 's psv team-mate stijn schaars is also a fan and told helden online : ' he 's doing everything to reach the top . ' he has a body of a true athlete , power and flair . i 'm not afraid of him losing his head . his drive is huge . i like him a lot . ' international star and world cup goalscorer . depay was handed his first oranje call-up by louis van gaal in 2013 and was selected for holland 's world cup squad a year later . the energetic frontman scored the winning goal in holland 's 3-2 victory over australia , before coming off the bench to net against chile and help van gaal 's men seal top spot in group b . having impressed in brazil , depay was nominated for the tournament 's ' best young player ' award but lost out to france midfielder paul pogba . click here to read sportsmail 's full background article on memphis depay .