a mom 's decision to take her 11-year-old daughter to a pink concert has a judge saying , ' so what ? ' the new jersey judge says the concert trip is n't evidence of bad parenting , despite protestations by the father . nj.com reports the girl 's parents are divorced , and her father accused his ex-wife of ' abusing her parental discretion ' by taking their daughter to the december 2013 concert at the prudential center in newark , as part of the singer 's national truth about love tour . the mother admitted to being a ' little on guard ' about taking her daughter , but that the girl was ' dying to go ' , so the mom looked up clips of the show on youtube and deemed them age-appropriate . the parents have joint custody , and the father said he disagreed with the ' sexually suggestive ' nature of some of pink 's performances and did not want his daughter seeing it . scroll down for video . sexually suggestive ? : a new jersey father has claimed as part of a custody battle that his ex-wife ' abused her parental discretion ' by taking their daughter to pink 's december 2013 concert at the prudential center in newark ( pictured ) . a judge ruled that while the singer 's works can be suggestive , they are preteen-appropriate . but state superior court judge lawrence jones rejected the complaint in a 37-page decision that contained a brief history of rock `n ' roll and a commentary on the increasing use of judges as referees for warring divorced parents . jones said pink may have some suggestive moves and lyrics , but she 's an artist whose works are n't necessarily inappropriate for preteens . jones noted in his decision that he spoke privately with the girl , who is now 12 , and took into consideration the mother 's reasoning for allowing her daughter to attend the show . he found that the mother ' in no way , shape or form exceeded the boundaries of reasonable parental judgment ' in taking the girl to the show during her own parenting time . he also found that she did n't subject the child to any unreasonable risk of harm , or compromise the girl 's health , safety or welfare . acrobatics : p ! nk peforms at the prudential center on december 11 , 2013 in newark , new jersey . ' to the contrary , when all the smoke from the custody litigation clears , it will be self-evident that all which happened here is that a young girl went to her first rock concert with her mother and had a really great time , ' the judge wrote in his decision . the judge also quoted the lyrics from pink 's songs ' the great escape ' and ' perfect ' as examples of messages for adolescents . interestingly , perfect , was originally called f -- -- -g perfect , before being cleaned of its expletives and released to radio .