sleepy shoppers in china have had a rude awakening – after being banned from napping in furniture store ikea . the swedish retailer has been forced to take action to stop visitors kicking off their shoes and going to sleep on their beds and sofas . the problem has got so bad that nappers had taken over more than half of beds and sofas in the xihongmen ikea shop in beijing , the people’s daily reported – with some even getting under the covers for a snooze . scroll down for video . managers at swedish furniture store ikea have now banned shoppers from sleeping in their beds and sofas . sleepy shoppers have taken to kicking off their shoes and catching forty winks on the display furniture . the practice has become widespread in ikea stores - with shoppers coming in especially to take a nap . one weary woman said she had come into ikea especially to grab a quick forty winks in one of their ‘comfy’ beds . she said she didn’t think it was a big issue , saying : ‘ yes it may affect customers who were shopping in the store but it shouldn’t be too much of a problem . ’ another customer said : ‘ sleeping on the furniture will definitely affect other customers . i can understand the need to take a rest however if you are really having a sleep then that’s not very appropriate . ’ one shopper said : ' yes it may affect customers ... but it should n't be too much of a problem ' . ikea disagree . ikea employees said the problem is difficult to manage , because so many chinese shoppers do it . but long-suffering staff at ikea said the problem has become widespread across china – with management vowing to clamp down on the practice . under the new rules customers will still be allowed to try out the sofas and beds , but the removal of shoes to sleep in the beds is banned . one anonymous ikea assistant warned , however , it will be difficult to enforce the rules . ‘ there are old people sleeping and many others are children , what can we say ? ’ they said . another employee explained that they currently wake up shoppers if they have been sleeping for an extended period of time – but when they move them on , another quickly fills their place . by banning people from taking off their shoes , ikea hope to stop chinese shoppers falling asleep in the stores . workers at ikea shops regularly wake up exhausted shoppers - but another napper quickly takes their place . they added : ‘ there are too many people doing this , it’s not possible to stop it . ’ the mailonline previously reported on the trend , which commentators saying their beijing store is particularly popular for a nap because of its air-conditioning during the sweltering summers . it is not the first time ikea has had to deal with over-familiar customers in china . one shanghai xuhui store was inundated with pensioners who would spend their time drinking the free coffee – and on the prowl for a new partner for their children . the practice became so popular that telling people you were going to ikea became a euphemism in china for ‘ going to a matchmaking event’ . genuine shoppers have been unable to see the furniture on sales because of the sleeping people on top of it . ikea opened up their first shop in china in 1999 and the country is now home to three of the top five largest ikea stores in the world , only beaten by one in stockholm . after the first shop opened in beijing , pictures emerged of shoppers camping out on the sofas with their families , reading newspapers and eating biscuits . the flat-pack chain was founded by 87-year-old ingvar kamprad in 1943 and it is now the world’s largest furniture retailer . ikea first opened in beijing in 1998 , and shoppers were pictured camping out on their sofas with newspapers .