crown princess mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday . the tasmanian-born royal looked appropriately sombre in a chic black ensemble paired with grey accessories to mark the 75th anniversary of the occupation of aabenraa . the crown princess stepped out solo for her royal duties , following a week of family celebrations honouring the 75th birthday of queen margarethe ii . scroll down for video . striking : crown princess mary of denmark cut a stylish figure as she attended a remembrance ceremony in denmark on thursday . sombre : mary was in the town of aabenraa to mark the 75th anniversary of the invasion of denmark by germany on april 9 , 1940 . mary was met by representatives of the danish military in aabenraa , where she placed a wreath at a memorial and attended a service . the 43-year-old wore a conservative black dress and coat with a rounded neckline and oversized buttons , embellished with a brooch . her brunette hair was pulled into an elegant bun , beneath her striking grey felt hat , which perfectly matched her high heels . striking : the stylish royal wore an asymmetrical grey felt hat for the occasion . accessories : mary 's understated outfit was perfectly accented by simple stud earrings , an elegant brooch and simple make up . elegant : the 43-year-old wore an appropriate chic black dress and coat ensemble accessorised by her grey hat and heels . understated make up and simple diamond stud earrings completed the look . the memorial event marked the invasion of denmark and norway by nazi troops on april 9 , 1940 . the danish king christian x surrendered after the capital city of copenhagen fell , following hitler 's conquering of poland . it was the shortest german military campaign of wwii , with the king surrendering just two hours after nazi forces invaded . remembrance : the crown princess placed a wreath at a war memorial before attending a service . queen margarethe ii was born one week later on april 16 , and the country are currently in the midst of celebrations marking the milestone . the royal family attended a gala night on wednesday , which saw mary and her husband crown prince frederik with their two eldest children , prince christian and princess isabella . mary wore an elegant midnight blue gown with glittering jewels . earlier in the day they had also attended a luncheon , where the crown princess wore a chic cream dress beneath a wool coat . celebrations : it has been a busy week for the crown princess , who has taken part in birthday events to mark the 75th birthday of queen margarethe ii . dressed to impress : princess mary and husband prince frederik were accompanied by their two children prince christian and princess isabella on wednesday for a gala night on wednesday . 