a high school student and her best friend , who has down syndrome , have become an internet sensation after making a bold statement with their prom photo , which not only celebrated their friendship - but spread an important message . matt pliska , who is also a survivor of leukemia , asked mikenzy snell to be his prom date last year , and on their big night , the juniors from waupaca , michigan , made an emotional statement when they were photographed holding a sign that read : ' real friends do n't count chromosomes ' , referring the fact that down syndrome occurs when an individual has an extra copy of chromosome 21 . ' i just feel like it really shows our friendship to the next level of where it actually is but people might not see behind closed doors , ' mikenzy told wbay . scroll down for video . perfect pair : mikenzy snell and matt pliska , who has down syndrome , spread an important message about friendship when they were photographed holding this sign at their junior prom in waupaca , michigan . since the news outlet first shared the heartwarming picture of matt and mikenzy on its facebook page on march 30 , more than 15,000 people have liked the image , ensuring that their prom night will be one that they never forget . after matt learned that his best friend had been invited to the same dance by somebody else last year , he immediately asked her if she would be his date this time around - and she gladly accepted . and as his date , she did everything she could to make sure that he had a fantastic night . before prom , mikenzy took it upon herself to make sure that matt had the opportunity to be elected onto prom court . when she learned that his name was n't included in the junior class ballot , which would elect two boys onto prom court , she took it up with the high school office . and although she was initially told it was too late for matt to be added to the list , she later learned that there was a new ballot with her friend 's name on it . unforgettable night : mikenzy , who wore a black mermaid gown , posed with her friends for some pre-prom photos . strike a pose : matt , who wore a black tux with a bright red vest , threw his jacket over his shoulder for this snapshot . ' we found out later that week he was elected onto prom court , ' mikenzy 's mom carmen told yahoo parenting . ' mikenzy knew that matt deserved the chance just like everyone else . ' carmen explained that some of her daughter 's ' best times ' have been with matt . ' they see movies , go out for dinner and go to watch high school sporting events together , ' she said . matt and mikenzy first became fast friends in fifth grade after they were partnered together during a class trip . 'he’s such a positive person , ' mikenzy told wbay . ' he always has a smile on his face . ' meanwhile , when matt was asked about mikenzy , he responded : ' honestly , i love [ her ] . ' celebration : mikenzy snapped this selfie while holding a champagne flute . mikenzy , who coaches special olympics basketball , said she hopes to one day have a career working with those with disabilities , but noted that wherever she ends up , she and matt will remain close . ' i think it’ll be a forever friendship , ' she told the outlet . and matt has plenty of extracurricular activities of his own . the teen , who enjoys bowling , is the team manager for both the boys ' hockey team and the girls ' soccer team . ' when you have a child that has a disability , they tell you they’re not going to do this , you’re not going to do that , ' matt’s mom flonnie told wbay . ' then you turn around and you watch when they’re growing up . ' good times : mikenzy , who coaches special olympics basketball , threw her arms around matt and another friend for this snapshot . feeling excited : when mikenzy shared this facbook photo yesterday , she revealed that she and matt were smiling because they received a special phone call from ellen , believed to be ellen degeneres .