these incredible photographs appear to capture a fire-breathing dragon in the sky - just in time for st george 's day . with its large snout and blackened eyes , the furious-looking beast appeared to breath fire as it stared down from the sky in the bizarre cloud formation . captured at dusk the red sky adds a fiery hue behind the clouded creature giving it an uncanny likeness to the legend of the fire breathing dragon slain by st george - ahead of the patron saint of england 's day tomorrow . the cloud dragon appears to breathe fire in these incredible images captured by amateur photographer nicolas locatelli . amateur photographer nicolas locatelli , 20 , snapped the unusual cloud in the sky above briones regional park , in california on a nikon d7100 . the student , from san francisco said he did n't even notice the striking formation until he checked his camera when he got home . the image went viral on reddit after his friends suggested he upload it to the social network . he only noticed that the red sky at dawn appeared to give a fiery hue behind the cloud formation after he got home and checked the pictures . the pictures , which create an uncanny likeness to the fire breathing dragon slain by st george , the patron saint of england , were captured at dusk above briones regional park , in california . nicolas said : ' when i saw the image i was pretty intrigued . ' the way the sunset lit up the cloud at the mouth of the dragon made it look like flames were coming out of its mouth . ' the image was timed perfectly too . the image was taken with a zoom lens on a stormy day so the clouds were in the distance and moving quickly so i got really lucky taking this picture . ' the image was received very positively on reddit . ' when my friends saw the image , i asked , ' what do you see in this picture ? ' and they said ' definitely a dragon breathing fire ' and ' it 's the dragon slain by st george . ' ' i got a lot of positive and jovial feedback on the image . ' a picture of the legend of st george and the dragon . the medieval legend of st george and the dragon is over a thousand years old . st george travelled to libya , where he met an old hermit who told him a dragon had long ravaged the country , demanding the sacrifice of a beautiful maiden every day . with the population of young girls decimated , the king 's daughter alone remained to be sacrificed , unless a knight could slay the dragon . determined to save the princess , he set out to slay the dragon , luring it from its cave upon his arrival . but after falling from his horse , st george evaded the dragon 's attack by hiding under an enchanted orange tree before recovering his strength and killing the beast with his sword . the slaying of the dragon by st george , a brave roman soldier who protested against the romans ' torture of christians , was first credited to him in the twelfth century , long after his death . the real st george was thought to be a roman soldier , born to christian parents in a.d. 270 in what is now eastern turkey . adomnán , the abbot of iona in scotland , provides britain’s earliest recorded reference to saint george in the 7th century . he details the story of the saint’s exploits , which had been told to him by a french bishop named arcuif who had travelled to jerusalem with the crusaders . as the crusaders returned to england from foreign shores , they brought with them tales of st george , and his reputation grew . a church in fordington , dorset , still records st george leading the crusaders into battle . st george later resigned his military post and protested against emperor diocletian against his persecution of christians . he was dragged through the streets and executed on april 23 , 303 ad . almost a millenia later in 1222 the council of oxford declared april 23rd to be st george’s day . it was not until 1348 that st george became the patron saint of england . today april 23 is celebrated as a day of patriotism for england .