this is the shocking moment an unemployed scaffolder punched his unsuspecting former friend in the face so hard that he was left with a fractured skull and a bleed to the brain . richard hutchinson , 40 , from thornaby-on-tees , north yorkshire , has been jailed for two years for attacking his victim without warning after the pair fell out over a debt of £300 . teesside crown court heard that the pair had a 'long-running ' feud after hutchinson borrowed the money but had not paid it all back . scroll down for video . richard hutchinson , 40 , from thornaby-on-tees , north yorkshire , has been jailed for two years for punching his former friend in a betting shop . pictured : the victim stands at the counter in william hill prior to the attack . cctv footage shows hutchinson run into the betting shop and throw a punch at his former friend . the married father said he lashed out because the pair had fallen out over money and he wanted to ' sort it out ' . hutchinson punched his victim in the jaw , knocking him unconscious and leaving him with a fractured skull and a brain bleed . he needed 16 days in intensive care and hutchinson has now been jailed for two years . the court heard how both men allegedly made threats and violence against each other in the run-up to the attack , with hutchinson still owing the victim £60 at the time of the assault . the prosecution said hutchinson threw punches at the victim the day before the attack then threatened to ' fill him in ' on the phone . cctv footage shows the victim , an engineer and father of two , standing at the counter of william hill bookmakers ' when hutchinson ran in and felled him with one blow to the jaw . the victim , who has not been named , was knocked unconscious by the ' full force punch ' and did not remember the attack , which occurred in a betting shop in stockton-on-tees on september 6 last year . he was taken to hospital with a skull fracture and bleed on the brain and had to remain in intensive care for 16 days . he was discharged but later readmitted to hospital for another 11 days for rehabilitation , teesside crown court heard . following the incident , married father hutchinson went to police and told officers : ' i 've hit someone . i may have seriously hurt them . ' he told officers that he ' lost it ' because he and his wife had been threatened and said he went to try and ' sort it out ' . he added that he thought he had ' just knocked him out ' . in his police interview , he said : ' i did n't mean to cause that much damage to him . it shocked me how easily he went down . ' i 'm gutted . i 'm sick to my stomach that i 've actually done that to him . ' i did n't expect that at all . if anything , i expected him to turn around and hit me back . ' the unsuspecting victim ( pictured in the betting shop prior to the attack ) had to remain in intensive care for 16 days and was later readmitted to hospital for another 11 days for rehabilitation , teesside court heard . the defence claimed the money was demanded from hutchinson , that his wife had previously been assaulted , that he was threatened with garden shears and told he would be given ' a good hiding ' . duncan mcreddie , defending , said hutchinson acted recklessly with ' a degree of provocation that was long-running ' after he borrowed £300 from the victim , down to £60 by the time of the assault . he said the unemployed scaffolder had expressed regret and remorse since the assault and a prison sentence would badly affect his family . hutchinson admitted causing grievous bodily harm and the court heard that he had a caution for a similar offence in 2005 and assault convictions , but no violence for a decade . he was jailed for two years and given a five-year restraining order banning him from contacting the victim or going to his street .