everton manager roberto martinez insists he is not worried that romelu lukaku’s new agent will destabilise the player — even though incendiary comments last week look like they were made with that intention . lukaku was absent injured as phil jagielka’s goal settled this match to give everton a third straight victory . but the win came in the wake of lukaku’s new agent mino raiola saying lukaku would never have signed for everton had he been his representative earlier . ‘ later on , he’ll play for one of world’s best teams : psg , manchester city , manchester united or bayern munich , ’ raiola said , sparking uncertainty over the future of the 21-year-old belgian , who became everton’s record signing when moving from chelsea for £28million last summer . romelu lukaku ( left ) has had some big claims made about him by his new agent mino raiola ( right ) . roberto martinez has dismissed claims suggesting his star striker could leave goodison park . southampton have scored just five goals in nine games since the start of february ( 0.55 per game ) . this is less than a third the rate before that ( 1.68 per game ) . ‘ in the modern game you don’t get the values of 25 years ago , ’ said martinez , implying a decline in standards of behaviour by agents . ‘ but when you have a player on a long-term contract there is nothing to discuss . that is straightforward and clear . ’ lukaku signed a five-year contract at goodison so will have four years remaining after this summer . ‘ my focus is that rom keeps on developing , ’ martinez said . ‘ without a doubt we have been the best club for him because he has had his two best seasons that he has had as a professional and we love romelu . agent raiola said he would have never sanctioned lukaku’s £28million move to goodison park . raiola hinted that everton are just a stepping stone for lukaku on his route to the very top . ‘ it has been a joy to see him developing , there is going to be a lot of talk when you score goals as a striker , you are going to get the attraction of other teams … if an agent is going to make those comments , then it is normal that you are going to ask about it . an agent can say whatever they want and it is down to everyone else to see what is behind it . ’ martinez’s counterpart , ronald koeman , admitted saints’s chances of champions league football next season were all but extinguished by this defeat . ‘it’s not realistic [ now ] to finish in the top four , ’ he said . ’ 