bruce jenner revealed he is a republican and a christian during the much-anticipated interview in which he revealed he is transitioning to be a woman . interviewer diane sawyer looked shocked when he made the revelation on her abc 20/20 special last night . jenner said ' i 've always been on the more conservative side ' when he was asked about lgbt issues - and replied ' yes ' when asked if he was a republican . sawyer had mentioned president 's decision to identify trans citizens in his most recent state of the union address . jenner said : “ he actually was the first one to say the actual word transgender , i will certainly give him credit for that . ' ' but not to get political , i’ve just never been a big fan — i’m kind of more on the conservative side . ' scroll down for video . republican : bruce jenner told diane sawyer he is a republican as he announced his transition to a woman on friday night . jenner added that neither the republicans nor democrats had a ' monopoly on understanding ' and said he would lobby the gop over lgbt rights . ' i would do that , yeah , in a heartbeat , ' he said . he also said in the interview that he still considers himself a heterosexual , discussed his faith and said he was a christian . ' i would sit in church and always wonder , `` in god’s eyes , how does he see me ? '' ' he said . ' maybe this is my cause in life . ' his remarks came in the friday night interview in which jenner revealed that he identifies as a woman - his ' true self ' and a childhood dream - in an explosive abc interview with diane sawyer . the 65-year-old olympic gold medalist and reality tv star sparked rumors about his gender identity last year after visibly altering his appearance . and last night , he confirmed that he is reinventing himself physically in a bid to transition from male to female in the highly-anticipated , intimate sit-down . speaking in front of millions of viewers , including kim kardashian and her family , bruce tearfully revealed : ' for all intents and purposes , i am a woman . christian : jenner also said that he is a christian and wondered whether transitioning to a woman was his cause in life . ' my brain is much more female than it is male . that 's what my soul is . bruce lives a lie . she is not a lie . ' he firmly added : ' i ca n't do it anymore . ' during the interview , bruce also admitted that he has been regularly taking female hormones - and plans to completely transform into a woman . but he said he was still attracted to females . ' i was never attracted to the guys , ' he told diane , explaining how he has always enjoyed a good sex life . and he denied that his revelations were for publicity purposes . instead , he made them due to his inability to continue to ' pull the curtain ' , he said . indeed , hiding his identity was so painful for bruce that it once left him contemplating suicide to escape from the never-ending scrutiny , he revealed . many viewers and celebrities were taking to social media last night to congratulate bruce on making a giant leap for the transgender community . lady gaga tweeted : ' # brucejennerabc now that is bravery ' , before telling her fans to ' empower people like bruce ' globally by ' being loving & not mean ' . meanwhile , bruce 's 17-year-old daughter , kylie jenner , tweeted an emotional message to her father . ' understandingly , this has been very hard for me . you will hear what i have to say when i 'm ready to but this is n't about me . i 'm so proud of you , dad . you are so brave . my beautiful hero , ' she wrote .  