tony blackburn has called for lessons to be learnt after historic sex abuse allegations . tony blackburn claims disgraced entertainer jimmy savile ' tarnished ' his era after his fellow colleague 's names were ' dragged through the mud ' during probes into historic sex abuse . the 72-year-old 's long-term employer , the bbc , is still reeling from a string of allegations levelled against former staff - most of them blackburn 's vintage . several media personalities were investigated and arrested following the launch of operation yewtree , including broadcasters dave lee travis and rolf harris . the probe also exposed abuse by paedophile dj savile , who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades . the bbc radio 2 presenter professed his deep shock at the headlines , explaining that most of his colleagues in the industry were ' just working hard ' and ' having a good time ' . ' it 's upsetting , horrible , ' he said . ' i never liked savile , and i knew there was something about him that was odd but i did n't know what it was . ' i saw him very rarely but the way he was , you could never have a sensible conversation with him . ' but it was shocking when the stories came out . it 's tarnished that era , and it was n't really like that . most of us were just working hard , having a good time . ' his good friend and fellow dj , paul gambaccini , was also caught up in the scandal after spending a a year under a cloud of suspicion when he was arrested over historical sex offences . in his case the 65-year-old was accused of having sex with two underage boys , however , the crown prosecution service ( cps ) dropped the charges last year . blackburn said he is outraged at how gambaccini was treated and has called for lessons to be learnt . he said : ' if somebody has done something wrong they should be punished but i do think there is something appalling going on when someone , anyone , can accuse you of something . ' in paul 's case , he did n't know the people - and your name is just dragged through the mud . i saw him very recently and the fact is that there has been no apology , and he has lost a lot of money and it is not right . you have n't done anything wrong but it sticks . we need to learn something from this . ' blackburn has remained unequivocally untouched by scandal , and explained : ' that 's because i have n't done anything wrong , it 's as simple as that , ' he says emphatically . but the dj , who started his career on pirate station radio caroline in 1964 , has faced his own controversies after proclaiming he had bedded more than 500 women in his sixties heyday . blackburn said he never liked paedophile dj jimmy savile ( pictured ) , who sexually assaulted staff and patients aged between 5 and 75 over several decades . rolf harris and dave lee travis were among blackburn 's former bbc colleagues caught up in the historic sex abuse scandal at the corporation . he made the boasts in his 2007 autobiography poptastic ! my life in radio in which he said he had slept with 250 women – a number which he then doubled five years later in a magazine interview . the father-of-two , who was born in surrey and brought up in bournemouth by his nurse mother and gp father , now admitted : ' it was tacky , it was unnecessary and i wish i had n't done it . ' it only happened , he maintains , as his autobiography 's ghost-writer said they needed a bit more sex , given the lack of drugs and ' rock n roll ' . blackburn says lessons need to be learned after his friend and colleague paul gambaccini ( pictured ) had charges against him dropped . ' i was quite open about it - i do n't see anything wrong , and i never have , if two consenting adults make love that 's their business , providing it is all above board . ' i was n't that bad , i just had a really good time - but i wish i had n't written about it quite so honestly as it hurt my mum and dad . it really was n't clever . ' blackburn married robin 's nest actress tessa wyatt , mother of his advertising executive son simon , when he was 30 but she left him after four years when she discovered he had had an affair . he remarried in 1992 , this time time to debra , a theatrical agent 17 years his junior , and mother to his 18-year-old daughter victoria , and the family live together in hertfordshire . this time he has remained faithful and admits that when he discovered his calls had been intercepted during the phone hacking scandal , he was n't fazed . ' when all the phone hacking started i was called by the police who told me my phone had been hacked , ' he said . ' and i thought `` well , fine . that must have been boring . '' it did n't bother me as there was nothing to hide . so i never pursued it . ' three years ago he had to undergo laser eye surgery after he suffered a detached retina when he was mugged by three thugs who tried to steal his mobile phone as he left the bbc . ' it was like being descended on by a pack of wolves , ' he said . ' they knocked me to the ground , but i managed to get at them with my umbrella and i did chase after them even though i had blood pouring down the side of my face . ' i was on the phone to my wife at the time so she heard it all . it was pretty horrible . ' i did report it to the police , but what could they do ? it did shake me . my producer said `` they must have really hated your music '' . ' he has also recently started wearing a hearing aid to correct the creeping hearing loss after spending the last 50 years wearing headphones blasting music into his ears . ‘ you can barely see it , it fits snugly in your ear and there’s just this little clear wire . and they don’t whistle . they’re pretty amazing . wearing one just sharpens everything up a bit . they’re fantastic little things . ’