it may sound like the stuff of science fiction , but this stunning image shows that a white dwarf star ripped apart a planet as it came too close . astronomers say the unique event happened in an ancient cluster of stars at the edge of the milky way galaxy . a white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close , they believe . nasa says a white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - ripped apart a planet at the edge of the milky way galaxy . when a star reaches its white dwarf stage , nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star . this means that , for close encounters , the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides , caused by the difference in gravity 's pull on the near and far side of the planet , are greatly enhanced . for example , the gravity at the surface of a white dwarf is over ten thousand times higher than the gravity at the surface of the sun . using several telescopes , including nasa 's chandra x-ray observatory , researchers have found evidence that a white dwarf star - the dense core of a star like the sun that has run out of nuclear fuel - may have ripped apart a planet as it came too close . when a star reaches its white dwarf stage , nearly all of the material from the star is packed inside a radius one hundredth that of the original star . this means that , for close encounters , the gravitational pull of the star and the associated tides , caused by the difference in gravity 's pull on the near and far side of the planet , are greatly enhanced . for example , the gravity at the surface of a white dwarf is over ten thousand times higher than the gravity at the surface of the sun . ' a planet is first pulled away from its parent star by the gravity of the dense concentration of stars in a globular cluster , ' the experts write . ' when such a planet passes too close to a white dwarf , it can be torn apart by the intense tidal forces of the white dwarf . ' the planetary debris is then heated and glows in x-rays as it falls onto the white dwarf . ' the observed amount of x-rays emitted at different energies agrees with expectations for a tidal disruption event . ' researchers used the european space agency 's international gamma-ray astrophysics laboratory ( integral ) to discover a new x-ray source near the center of the globular cluster ngc 6388 . ngc 6388 in the x-ray spectrum . chandra 's excellent x-ray vision enabled the astronomers to determine that the x-rays from ngc 6388 were not coming from the putative black hole at the center of the cluster , but instead from a location slightly off to one side . optical observations had hinted that an intermediate-mass black hole with mass equal to several hundred suns or more resides at the center of ngc 6388 . the new composite image shows ngc 6388 with x-rays detected by chandra in pink and visible light from the hubble space telescope in red , green , and blue , with many of the stars appearing to be orange or white . overlapping x-ray sources and stars near the center of the cluster also causes the image to appear white . with the central black hole ruled out as the potential x-ray source , the hunt continued for clues about the actual source in ngc 6388 . the source was monitored with the x-ray telescope on board nasa 's swift gamma ray burst mission for about 200 days after the discovery by integral . researchers used the european space agency 's international gamma-ray astrophysics laboratory ( integral ) to discover a new x-ray source near the center of the globular cluster ngc 6388 . the source became dimmer during the period of swift observations . the rate at which the x-ray brightness dropped agrees with theoretical models of a disruption of a planet by the gravitational tidal forces of a white dwarf . in these models , a planet is first pulled away from its parent star by the gravity of the dense concentration of stars in a globular cluster . when such a planet passes too close to a white dwarf , it can be torn apart by the intense tidal forces of the white dwarf . the planetary debris is then heated and glows in x-rays as it falls onto the white dwarf . the observed amount of x-rays emitted at different energies agrees with expectations for a tidal disruption event . the researchers estimate that the destroyed planet would have contained about a third of the mass of earth , while the white dwarf has about 1.4 times the sun 's mass . while the case for the tidal disruption of a planet is not iron-clad , the argument for it was strengthened when astronomers used data from the multiple telescopes to help eliminate other possible explanations for the detected x-rays . for example , the source does not show some of the distinctive features of a binary containing a neutron star , such as pulsations or rapid x-ray bursts . also , the source is much too faint in radio waves to be part of a binary system with a stellar-mass black hole . 