a british athlete has become the fastest man to run 16,300 miles around the world despite being attacked by bears , hunted by packs of wild dogs , and run over twice . kevin carr , 34 , from woolacombe , devon , ran more than a marathon a day every day for almost two years , crossing 26 countries and getting through 16 pairs of shoes to complete the feat . he began his epic voyage at haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and returned yesterday after 621 days , one quicker than the previous record , held by australian tom denniss . scroll down for video . kevin carr , 34 , from woolacombe , devon , has become the fastest man to run around the world completing the 16,300-mile mission in 621 days , beating the previous record by a day . mr carr ran across five continents during his epic 621-day challenge beating the previous record by a day . mr carr set off from haytor on dartmoor in july 2013 and returned last night after 621 days , during which he ran the equivalent of a marathon a day , crossed 26 countries and got through 16 pairs of shoes . mr carr was also the first man to complete the gruelling endurance run unsupported , and instead of a team carrying his equipment , he pushed it along himself in a buggy . mr carr also became the first man to complete the voyage unsupported by a team , instead pushing all of his kit along in a stroller that weighed twice as much as he does . he said : ' i 've pushed my tired legs through most of europe , india , australia , new zealand , canada and the us . ' i have encountered some pretty scary things along the way , from packs of wilds dogs in romania to the most extreme weather conditions imaginable . ' most frightening of all however was coming face to face with bears . one of the bears stalked and then actively came for me . mr carr 's journey took him through australia , new zealand , europe , india , the us and canada - though he said the highlight was the andes mountains . mr carr pushes his buggy full of equipment , which weighed twice as much as him , through dunedin in new zealand during the middle of his adventure . the route took mr carr through most of europe , including lithuania ( pictured ) . after crossing the finish line he said he had lost three stone during the trip . ' i used bear banger explosives that someone had given me and , after three misfires , thankfully my fourth attempt sent the bear packing . ' he said during one 300-mile stretch full of bears and wolves he relied on people with short-distance radios to keep a check on him to make sure he was n't eaten . he added : ' i 've had to endure a lot of suffering too . i had severe heatstroke in india and have twice been hit by cars . ' i knew the size of the challenge but it was a little bit more of a headache dealing with the logistics and the traffic . mr carr 's trip also took in stockholm - not the capital of sweden , but a tiny town in wisconsin , with a population of just 66 . mr carr takes in the scenery by a river in ohio , showing the pedometer on his wrist that he used to keep track of his speed , distance , and route . the voyage took him to locations all over the world , from alabama , us ( left ) , to chile , south america ( right ) . ' it was a bit harder than i had anticipated and took me a bit longer . ' i did n't have much time to lament on loneliness as i was concentrating on the traffic and where i was going to sleep that night and find a shop . ' the worst thing i faced was indifference from fashion savvy people looking at a sweaty dishevelled man pushing a pram down the road . '