since ellen degeneres broke the internet with her celebrity selfie at last year 's oscars , taking mobile phone snaps on the red carpet has become a must-do for a list stars . but this year 's cannes film festival has been declared a selfie-free zone after organisers asked celebrities to stop taking the ' ridiculous and grotesque ' images . while cannes director thierry fremaux admitted that he did not have the powers to ban the pictures altogether , he urged movie starts to resist the temptation . scroll down for video . celebrities have been told to stop taking selfies at this year 's cannes film festival by director thierry fremaux ( pictured , models petra nemcova , left , and victoria bonya and hofit golan , right , at last year 's event ) . mr fremaux said that the ' ridiculous and grotesque ' pictures slowed the entire event down , causing problems for organisers ( pictured , jeremie renier takes a selfie at the photocall for saint laurent last year ) . the cannes director blasted celebrities such as rosario dawson ( left ) and nabilla benattias ( right ) who ' stop every two metres to take a picture of themselves , with themselves ' . quoted in the guardian , he said : ' we do n't want to prohibit it but it 's really a matter of timing . ' we have a certain amount of time to get people across the red carpet and up the steps and it really slows things down if people stop every two metres to take a picture of themselves , with themselves . he added : ' you never look as ugly as you do in a selfie . ' celebrities who will have to watch their selfie-taking at the 68th ceremony include cate blanchett , who stars in a film about lesbian love , and michael fassbender , who features in a film based on shakespeare 's macbeth . matthew mcconaughey , charlize theron , natalie portman , rachel weisz and benicio del toro will also be welcomed to the french riviera when the event gets underway in a month 's time . mr fremaux , director of cannes , said he could not ban the pictures , but said celebrities will be discouraged from taking them . mr fremaux today announced 17 films that will be competing for prizes at the may 13-24 festival , chosen from more than 1,800 submissions . fassbender will star opposite marion cotillard star in a film version of shakespeare 's ' macbeth ' by australian director justin kurzel . meanwhile blanchett stars in carol , todd haynes’s adaptation of a patricia highsmith novel about a clandestine lesbian love affair in 1950s new york . other nominations include jia zhangke ' mountains may depart , ' paolo sorrentino 's ' youth ' - a film about age starring michael caine - and gus van sant 's forest feature ' the sea of trees ' . returning cannes veterans include ' gomorrah ' director matteo garrone , with ' the tale of tales , ' starring john c. reilly and salma hayek ; south korea 's kore-eda hirokazu with sibling saga ' our little sister ' ; and france 's jacques audiard with ' dheepan , ' the story of a tamil refugee in france . also in the lineup are films by italy 's nanni moretti and taiwanese director hou hsiao-hsien . cannes organizers have faced criticism for not selecting more films by female directors , but , or the first time in more than 25 years , this year 's festival will be opened by a film by a woman . french director emmanuelle bercot 's drama ' la tete haute ' ( head held high ) , about a teenager steered away from a life of crime by a judge . two more female filmmakers are in competition : valerie donzelli with ' marguerite and julien ' and maiwenn with ' mon roi ' ( ' my king ' ) . both directors are french . geographically , the entries range from europe to china , south korea , the u.s. and mexico , setting of denis villeneuve 's narco-crime drama ' sicario . ' ellen degeneres set the standard for celebrity selfies at last year 's oscars ceremony when she tweeted this image , which has since be reposted 3.5million times on the social network . mr fremaux made the comments at a press conference announcing the films competing in the 68th cannes festival , which feature stars including cate blanchett , matthew mcconaughey and michael fassbender . genres range from drama to martial-arts thriller to science fiction rom-com - in the form of ' the lobster , ' a film by greek director yorgos lanthimos starring weisz and colin farrell . fremaux said several more films will be added to the competition before the festival opens . films in the lineup but not competing for prizes include woody allen 's campus comedy ' irrational man , ' starring emma stone and joaquin phoenix , george miller 's dystopian thriller ' mad max : fury road ' and asif kapadia 's documentary about the late singer amy winehouse , ' amy . ' pixar , whose buoyant ' up ' opened the festival in 2009 , returns with ' inside out , ' in which an adolescent girl 's thoughts and emotions become animated characters . actress portman makes her feature-film directorial debut with ' a tale of love and darkness , ' based on a memoir by israeli writer amos oz . winners of the palme d'or and other prizes will be chosen by a jury led by directors joel and ethan coen . charlize theron , natalie portman , rachel weisz and benicio del toro will be among the other stars welcomed to the french riviera when the festival begins next month .