$ 2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from the walls of an inner-city sydney penthouse . three years after the theft , police were investigating a car syndicate and executed a search warrant on a wiley park property . according to the sydney morning herald , in a discovery described as ' quite remarkable ' by police , all of the paintings along with three stolen luxury cars were found . $ 2 million worth of stolen artwork has been found in a caretakers garage after disappearing from sydney home . the works were stolen in 2010 after being taken from property investor , peter o'mara 's home in darling point . 18 paintings were taken from property investor , peter o'mara 's darling point home along with a bronze statue and silver bowl . the items were stolen between july 17 and august 10 , 2010 . mr o'mara was paid $ 1,033,473 by his insurance company , chubb insurance after the theft . last week 's nsw supreme court judgment revealed the wiley park address was ' the residential home of the parents of a caretaker of mr o'mara 's residence ' . at the time of the theft , mr o'mara said , ' it 's a gut feeling , but the whole thing had to be set up . ' the discovery found works like victoria and moonlight by charles blackman . capricorn haze by tim storrier was also found during the raid and now belongs to chubb insurance . after being seized , the artworks were delivered to the art gallery of new south wales and have been ruled to chubb insurance for possession . some of the works include , rita of the seventies and gloria by norman lindsay , tree of life by john coburn , adieu australia by garry shead , victoria and moonlight by charles blackman among others . the police search also discovered a black range rover that was reported stolen in 2011 from south wentworthville , a blue bmw 325i that was reported stolen in 2007 from delahey in victoria and a ferrari . the artworks were delivered to the art gallery of new south wales and havebeen ruled to chubb insurance . tree of life by john coburn was another work stolen from peter o'mara 's home in sydney 's inner-city .   