an aspiring 21-year-old rapper was shot dead while making a music video in maryland wednesday when police say one of the people in his entourage fired a gun that was being used a prop . keaway lafonz ivy , who went by the stage name kealo , died from a single gunshot wound to the chest after being struck by a bullet in the area of 62nd place and eastern avenue in seat pleasant wednesday night . on friday , police arrested 21-year-old lafonzo leonard iracks and charged him in connection to ivy 's slaying . scroll down for videos . keaway lafonz ivy , 21 , who went by the stage name kealo , died from a single gunshot wound to the chest while filming a music video in maryland wednesday . he was accompanied by as many as 20 people . crime scene : the shooting took place in the area of 62nd place and eastern avenue in seat pleasant , maryland . according to investigators , ivy was shooting a rap video with about 20 people at around 10.30pm in the parking lot of a housing complex when a gun being used as an accessory went off , killing the musician , reported wjla . police were able to determine that lafonzo iracks was involved in the filming of the video , but he fled the scene after ivy 's death . officers tracked down the 21-year-old suspect to northwest washington dc friday morning and apprehended him . iracks is facing a first-degree murder charge , according to nbc washington . arrest made : police in washington dc arrested and charged 21-year-old lafonzo iracks ( left ) , accusing him of killing his friend ivy ( right ) during filming wednesday . there is no word at this time on a possible motive behind the killing of the prolific youtube artist and aspiring rapper . most of kealo 's music videos feature the rapper puffing on a cigarette and posing with thick stacks of bills while surrounded by a pose of young men . some of the low-budget recordings , many of them shot in building stairwells and in the street , also feature the 21-year-old musician handing firearms . his instagram account similarly includes photographs of guns . ivy is survived by his young daughter , skya , and a large extended family . dangerous game : ivy , who often posed for pictures and videos brandishing guns ( left ) and stacks of bills , was allegedly shot with a gun he was using a a prop in the music video . 