a queensland man has opened up about a very special friendship between him and his best mate - a crocodile called ' gregory ' . mick tabone , 74 , who previously owned and ran johnstone river crocodile farm and zoo in far-north queensland first came across the 5.2 metre croc in 1989 . for 20 years the farmer would sit on the enormous creature 's back while he chatted to him , and never once felt as though he was in danger . rangers had already been trying to capture gregory , who had apparently been killing cattle in eubenangee swamp near mirriwinni , 70 kilometres south of cairns for years , when they asked for mr tabone 's help . mick tabone and gregory the crocodile shared a strong bond during their 20 year long friendship . ' he was on the run for a couple of years , he had been a naughty boy and was taking cows , ' mr tabone told daily mail australia . ' the cattle used to come down there and have a drink and gregory used to grab them by the nose and drown them , ' he said . mr tabone then spent the next six months setting up traps for the huge creature , in a last bid to save him after a warrant had been issued to kill the croc . ' they had a trap for a couple of years but he just did n't go in , and after a certain amount of time , you know , there 's a limit to the amount of time you can spend on this , ' he said . ' they ( national parks ) issued a warrant to the farmer to shoot him . ' the farmer who owned the property where gregory was snatching cattle called in the help of mr tabone and , helped by some ' freak weather ' , they were finally able catch the reptile . a heavy rainfall meant the trap which had been set up had moved and turtles had gone in after the bait , which gregory then followed . gregory was captured my mr tabone in 1989 after he was found stealing a local farmer 's cattle . ' three weeks later , water was down to about ankle-deep and i looked hard in the murky water and i said there 's this great big massive animal in there , ' mr tabone revealed . ' i said i 've done the most horrible thing of my life , i 've killed this big animal . ' however upon closer inspection it appeared gregory was alive and well , and had been keeping himself alive by coming up for air every few hours . ' because of his size he was able to push the trap up to get a breath of air and then go back down for three to four hours , ' the croc farmer said . after a huge operation which involved 16 men carrying gregory onto the back of a truck and taking him back to mr tabone 's farm , the creature was finally settled into what would be his home for the next two decades . the farmer describes the reptile that was his best friend as a ' funny animal ' , and said gregory and him shared a special bond . he was named after greg cullen , the farmer whose cattle he was stealing . ' that gives me a memory of where i caught him from , ' mr tabone said . the 5.2 metre croc and his farmer would spend time together every day , and mr tabone said he was never frightened or felt he was in danger . ' greg would brings friends over to have a look at the crocodile named after him . ' the crocodile would come when mr tabone called him , rushing up out of the water to greet his mate . the farmer would then spend time perched on gregory 's back , chatting to him about what was happening on the farm . ' every day i was there i always spent time with him , i always sat on him , ' mr tabone said . these meetings would take place between ten and 20 times a day , often in front of the tourists who came to visit the farm but sometimes just between the two of them . ' sometimes depending if i had time i would go and sit on him and just hang out and chat to him ' . when asked whether what he was doing was dangerous , mr tabone disagreed saying he never felt unsafe with gregory . ' no , if i felt danger i would n't be in there . ' i love animals but i love living too , ' he joked . since mr tabone had to give up the farm in 2008 after repeated knee problems left him with less mobility than he was used to , the farmer has been back to visit gregory only once . mr tabone previously owned and ran johnstone river crocodile farm and zoo in far-north queensland . ' i went down after 18 months and went down to gregory 's cage and he was in the water , ' he revealed . ' i called him over to the gate and he came over to me and the look on his face was just like `` mick why did you leave me here ? '' ' ' they would n't let me go inside and i can see their point because it 's not mine any more , i understand , ' mr tabone said . ' he was a really lovely animal , the only reason i sold out was that i got an infection on my knee . ' but mr tabone does n't think he can go back to see gregory again , who he believes has been moved to another farm . ' i ca n't go there again , ' he said . mr tabone instead prefers to remember gregory as he knew him , happily sitting with his farmer and best friend sitting on his back , having a chat .