suddenly an opportunity . from looking as if a door had been slammed shut on them , liverpool , unexpectedly , have a chance to kick it back open and capitalise . when liverpool’s players trudged from the emirates stadium pitch , having been pummelled into submission by arsenal , all hope of a top-four finish looked to have evaporated . brendan rodgers , subdued and disconsolate , admitted as much in his post-match debrief . the rodgers who left london nine days ago is very different , though , to the rodgers who will step into anfield’s technical area on monday , feeling optimistic and satisfied with his lot . he knows liverpool have been let off the hook and now he wants to see a response . liverpool 's first-team players will be all smiles if they can finish inside the top four and win the fa cup . liverpool winger raheem sterling arrives at anfield eight hours ahead of monday night 's match at anfield . dejan lovren will be hoping to keep his place after appearing in liverpool 's win over blackburn . jordon ibe removes a suit from the boot of his car as he begins to prepare for his side 's league match . liverpool are seven points behind fourth-placed manchester city but have a game in hand on their rivals . had manchester city won their games against crystal palace and manchester united , talk of liverpool being champions league contenders would have been risible but the implosion at the etihad stadium has thrown things wide open . at present , the gap between liverpool and city is seven points – and , just like last year when the two teams were duelling , manuel pellegrini’s side have a significantly better goal difference – but rodgers will be telling his squad that it is not insurmountable . given the way city are playing , there are a number of games that could cause them issues on the climb to the line – will aston villa and qpr be straightforward ? how about tottenham away ? does pellegrini retain his squad’s belief ? – and now is the moment liverpool must pounce . in the next seven days , the way liverpool’s campaign is viewed could be completely transformed . beat newcastle and they will believe they can hunt city down ; see off villa at wembley and they will have a fine chance of winning the fa cup . rickie lambert , pictured making his way into anfield , has failed to hit the back of the net in his last six games . reds boss brendan rodgers will be hoping his side can get back to winning ways in the premier league . sterling and his liverpool team-mates were left dejected after their 4-1 defeat by arsenal . so now the question will be asked of rodgers’ squad : can they ramp up the pressure ? there have been occasions this season when they have faltered at crucial moments – think home games against basle ( champions league ) , manchester united ( premier league ) – and there can be no repeat . here lies an opportunity for raheem sterling to dispel the furore around his contract saga with some jet-propelled performances , for daniel sturridge to remind a wider audience of his goalscoring ability and for philippe coutinho to sparkle and shine . coutinho has won john terry’s vote to be the player of the year . it was quite a statement from the chelsea captain but there is little doubt that the brazilian has the ability to be one of the top draws in the premier league . these two games should be made for him . if coutinho starts pulling the strings against newcastle , liverpool will get the result that will ensure manchester city feel their breath on their necks and you would think the wide open spaces of wembley would be tailor-made for his passing game . liverpool playmaker philippe coutinho helped his side progress to the semi-finals of the fa cup . rodgers talks tactics with his coaching staff ahead of his side 's premier league showdown with newcastle . ‘ he is a young player that 's come into this country and adapted incredibly well to the style of football in the premier league , ’ said rodgers . ‘ people initially maybe thought he might be a bit slight . but he is very strong in his mind and he’s got an incredible technique , up there with world 's best . ' with him it 's about the consistency . he played in a different position the other night against blackburn , we asked him tactically to operate different and he carried that out very , very well . so great tactical discipline and obviously a wonderful goal . ‘ his best years are way ahead of him . he 's such a humble boy , he wants to train and loves his football every day . john 's probably looking at his performance level ; since he 's been here it has been outstanding and is only going to get better which is the pleasing thing for everyone . ’ rodgers’ ambition all year has been to win a trophy . if he was also to steer liverpool into a top-four spot , it would arguably represent an even better campaign than last year when they came within two points of ending their 25-year quest to become champions of england . to realise that ambition , however , rodgers needs two wins . a door has been left ajar and coutinho is the man to lead liverpool through it . 