as jose mourinho led an angry touchline delegation in pursuit of fourth official lee mason , the entire section of arsenal supporters who sit behind the visitors’ bench climbed to their feet to hurl their abuse . as they settled back into their seats , the rest of the emirates stadium exploded into verse about mourinho , with advice as to where he should go . the chelsea manager and his assistant steve holland had been complaining about the charge from goal by goalkeeper david ospina which flattened oscar in the first half , but which was not adjudged to be a foul . cesc fabregas returned to emirates stadium for the first time since leaving for barcelona in 2011 . francis coquelin of arsenal evades fabregas of chelsea during the 0-0 draw at emirates stadium on sunday . every fabregas touch was booed as he operated in the first half in a deep role alongside nemanja matic . fabregas - without his mask on - swaps shirts and salutes the emirates crowd at full time . the pass to oscar had been wonderfully delivered by cesc fabregas , masked villain of the day in this north london postcode , having the temerity to return in blue nearly four years after agitating to leave arsenal for barcelona . every fabregas touch was booed . and he didn’t hide . he was influential , operating in the first half in a deep role alongside nemanja matic , from where he is often more creative , before moving forward after the break into a no.10 role ( and removing the protective mask ) . there were a lot of touches and a lot of boos . he rarely misplaced a pass but when he did the home crowd cheered . and no cheer was louder than the one when referee michael oliver booked him for a dive . it might not , in fact , have been a dive . santi cazorla and fabregas collided knee-to-knee but the chelsea midfielder also trailed a leg in search of contact more definite and made the it all seem a little too contrived . oliver was on the spot . so much so that a split-second earlier , he had made a better effort than cazorla at winning the ball . the referee ruled in arsenal’s favour , and this proved a very popular decision . there was a rare energy about the emirates and noise levels not normally associated with the stadium . make no mistake , this one mattered to those in red . it mattered beyond the confines of the 90 minutes and the points won and lost in what remains of this title race . it was about next season . how close are arsene wenger’s team to challenging chelsea for the title ? can they alter the balance of power in the capital ? can they close the gap at the top of the barclays premier league ? of course there were a couple of hate-figures in the vicinity . animosity levels were up but arsenal have been brilliant since the turn of the year , with one notable exception , and this was an opportunity to make a statement . chelsea midfielder oscar had to be replaced at half-time after a painful-looking collision with david ospina . arsene wenger ( left ) has not beaten chelsea boss jose mourinho ( right ) in 13 games as the hoodoo continues . santi cazorla of arsenal reacts after a missed chance during his side 's 0-0 draw with chelsea . it was time to get over the players they didn’t sign and get behind those they did . mourinho showed respect to alexis sanchez by starting with ramires wide on the right to offer defensive cover and limiting branislav ivanovic’s involvement as an attacking force , preferring the muscular serb to mind the chilean . there were flashes of what arsenal do well and supporters rejoiced in flourishes , like a back-heel or two by aaron ramsey or a sliver of skill from mesut ozil , but they could not beat thibaut courtois . arsenal fans sang : ' boring boring chelsea ' when they failed to penetrate , and the jeers for fabregas were transformed into applause when he was substituted in the last minute . by then the game seemed destined to end goalless . chelsea , had reverted to the six-man defensive shield at half-time by dropping ramires deeper , and finished the game with centre-half kurt zouma also in central midfield . mourinho was determined to leave with the clean sheet he came for and , left the more satisfied of the two managers . they remain on course for the title and celebrated at the final whistle . wenger , meanwhile , can not crack the jose-hoodoo . there is work to do in the summer if this gap is to be closed . fabregas of chelsea appeals as he is booked by referee michael oliver on his first return to arsenal . fabregas struggled to settle at la liga giants barcelona and signed for chelsea last summer . arsenal players mark the upcoming anniversary of the bradford city fire disaster with a minutes silence .