a sign of raheem sterling’s tender years can be seen inked into his forearm . the image of wembley , which overlooked his estate growing up , is clear amid a cluster of tattoos . rather than those two famous towers , synonymous with the national stadium for 77 years , it is the arc , unveiled in 2007 , that is unmistakable . back then , sterling was a young kid dreaming of a career in professional football , playing jumpers for goalposts on streets and in parks . raheem sterling has turned down a new deal with liverpool and put off contract talks until the summer . sterling has revealed that he will wait until the summer before making a decision on his future . the 20-year-old scored for england in their 4-0 win over lithuania at wembley last friday night . sterling impressed as part of england 's front three but he has been used at wing back by liverpool . sterling pictured in liverpool training on thursday at their melwood headquarters . sterling and daniel sturridge share a joke in liverpool training on thursday at their melwood base . the forward trains with his team-mates as they prepare to take on arsenal on saturday . he is still just 20 , but much has changed . sterling is now in position to reject contract offers of £100,000 per week from liverpool , confident enough to express his views to the bbc without the knowledge of his club . ‘ i do n't want to be perceived as a money-grabbing 20-year-old , ’ says the player aware of his value as much as his age and how those two factors are linked . he knows , with two years left on his £35,000-per-week deal , he holds the cards in discussions with one of the biggest clubs in english and european football . it has been quite a remarkable rise for sterling since his days looking up at wembley with hope in his heart and a ball under his arm ; rapidly progressing along the ground and through the ranks . sterling arrives at liverpool 's melwood training ground on thursday morning . liverpool manager brendan rodgers hands out some instructions during thursday 's training session . the liverpool manager prepares his team to take on arsenal on saturday at the emirates stadium . sterling 's current £35,000-a-week deal at liverpool has two years to run at the end of this season . neil ashton broke the sterling contract story on monday - click here to read full article . he was born in maverley , kingston , a tough jamaican community where gun crime is rife and drug gangs rule , before moving across the atlantic aged five to join his mother nadine in north london along with three siblings . living on the st raphael’s estate meant the sounds of gunshots were never far away . police labelled the adjoining stonebridge estate a warzone in 2005 . rival gangs engaged in tit-for-tat shootings . ‘ they were all dealing in crack cocaine and it was a fight for territory , ’ said detective inspector stephen horsley in 2009 . sterling had his football and his mother , a source of inspiration and guidance . but he failed to settle in a mainstream primary school because of behavioural problems , finding escape at the vernon house special school , which he attended for three years . a decade ago he began to take his sport seriously . the english youngster spent seven years at queens park rangers before moving to liverpool in 2010 . he joined qpr 's centre of excellence aged 11 , and within three years was starring for the under 18s . he joined queens park rangers’ centre of excellence aged 11 , and within three years was starring for the under 18s . mark anderson and frank mcparland , liverpool’s youth scout and academy director respectively , spotted sterling star in these games and began their pursuit . at this time sterling was taken under the wing of tom walley , a veteran youth coach who has worked with ashley cole and david james . sterling’s pay has rocketed since he left qpr , where he would have been earning around £400 per week . after his move north , his first pro contract at liverpool was worth £2,000 per week and his current deal earns him £35,000 per week as previously mentioned . michael calvin details in his book , the nowhere men , how sterling would take part in pick-up games organised by walley on a pitch in the back garden of the home of tim sherwood , then tottenham’s technical co-ordinator . neil ashton : just after 6pm most weekdays , christian nanetti counts his tips and rushes out the door of the new soho eaterie estado . nanetti is a waiter now , blending into the london crowds as he heads for the tube station to make his way out to ashford , kent , to train with his new club dover athletic . four years ago nanetti was an internet sensation , beating raheem sterling in soccer am’s iconic skill skool challenge in their battle over three rounds at qpr’s harlington training centre . click here to read on ... a young sterling poses for the camera during soccer am 's skill skool in 2010 . sterling 's former team-mate chris nanetti ( left ) is now a waiter and plays for dover athletic . sterling ( right ) performs some tricks as his academy pals and nanetti ( left ) look on . calvin writes that spurs turned down the chance to sign sterling for £200,000 because academy coaches were in disagreement over his long-term potential . fulham were assured of his talent and had sterling in their building before liverpool swooped to take him to merseyside aged 15 for £500,000 . shortly before travelling north , sterling took part in soccer am’s skill school challenge , facing another promising youngster christain nanetti . he is most recently of dover athletic , a tale of just how tough it is to make the kind of ascent sterling has managed . he is close to completing his third full season as a liverpool first-teamer having become the club’s second-youngest debutant aged 17 years and 107 days . sterling has made 120 appearances for liverpool since his debut in a 2-1 defeat by wigan in 2012 . sterling signs his £35,000-per-week contract with ian ayre ( left ) and brendan rodgers in 2012 . rodgers points in the direction of sterling during following a pre-season training session in 2012 . both youthful and experienced , sterling won the first of 14 england caps in november 2012 . that call-up came three months after brendan rodgers admonished his player for uttering the word ‘steady’ during a pre-season training debrief . ‘ you say steady to me again when i say something to you , you’ll be on the first plane back , ’ said a pointing rodgers in remarkably candid footage captured for fox documentary being : liverpool . sterling found himself in trouble with the law in august 2013 , arrested on suspicion of assaulting girlfriend shana halliday . the reds boss was angered by a comment from sterling which the young forward denied . rodgers warned the young players they must improve their attitudes during the exchange with sterling . sterling in action for the england under 21s during an international friendly against scotland in august , 2013 . sterling maintained his innocence and the following month the case collapsed at liverpool magistrates ' court . a previous charge of common assault was dropped in may when a witness failed to show . another of sterling’s tattoos is the face and name of his daughter , melody rose , born in 2012 following a brief relationship . there were rumours sterling had fathered more children by different mothers . this time last year he referred to those suggestions as ‘silly’ , confirming he only has one child . the youngster embraces rodgers after scoring for liverpool in a 3-2 victory against norwich in 2014 . the 20-year-old flew to jamaica in january after being giving a mid-season break by liverpool . this latest interview with the bbc was another attempt to set records straight . it did that , but perhaps not in the manner intended . no lines were drawn under his current contract talks , those stories will rumble on . rather , his words illustrated a player fully comprehending his situation at liverpool and in the market place . it has been a quick climb . rodgers must convince sterling to sign a deal that could be one of the biggest in club 's history . sterling scored a brilliant solo goal during liverpool 's 1-1 capital one cup semi-final draw with chelsea . the liverpool forward has now played 14 times for roy hodgson 's england side .