a water main break in new york city caused evening commute hysteria wednesday as a surge of brown water poured into a west village subway tunnel sending travelers scrambling for cover and a different route home . the 12-inch water main broke around 6:45pm at 13th street and seventh avenue in manhattan , reports cbs new york , shutting down three train lines in both directions . as crews scrambled to stem the flow and get to the bottom of the leak , unamused new yorkers whipped out cell phones to capture the rare sight of an underground deluge on video . deluge : a water main break sent brownish water cascading down through the roof of a manhattan subway tunnel on wednesday . rush hour : the break occurred in the west village before 7pm while the evening rush was still going strong . it was n't clear what caused the break . video footage shows water flooding onto the subway tracks as stranded straphangers look on . around 500 riders were soon forced out of the subway . officials said there was no 1 , 2 or 3 train service in both directions between chambers street and times square/42nd street . the water also inundated the street corner where the break occurred and can be seen lapping at a west village convenience store in overhead footage taken at the scene . firefighters told cbs2 that as much as 2 feet of murky water , more than enough to reach the electrified third rail , had accumulated in some places before the water began to recede . that came around 8:40pm when the water main was shut off so the water could finally drain away . snarled : the break also affected things at street level , where seas of city water threatened businesses and snarled city traffic . the main break also forced utility workers to shut off steam service to some businesses in the area and a major hospital . firefighters told cbs2 that as much as 2 feet of murky water , more than enough to reach the electrified third rail , had accumulated in some places before the water began to recede . the official new york city transit subway twitter account posted pictures starting around 9pm showing crews working toward getting the the water pumped out . however , it remained unclear whether the break would be affecting service during the morning rush hour thursday . according to cbs2 , the nearby lenox hill healthplex was experiencing problems stemming from the break . ' steam has been disconnected from the hospital – it is affecting the hospital with that utility at this point , ' fdny battalion chief john porretto said . residential buildings in the area remained largely unaffected . the official new york city transit subway twitter account posted pictures starting around 9pm showing crews working toward getting the the water pumped out . fingers crossed : it remained unclear whether the repair work would be completed in time for the morning commute .  