jonathan davies has warned saracens that clermont auvergne are ‘ sharpening the blade’ ahead of saturday’s champions cup semi-final having made easy meat of northampton . clermont thrashed the english champions 37-5 in the last-eight tie at the stade marcel-michelin and - with a place at the twickenham final in sight - the french outfit are now plotting the downfall of the aviva premiership’s second best side . both clubs are going in search of their first-ever european crown and , after leaving wales in search of continental success last summer , davies is determined to deliver another perfect performance in saint etienne . jonathan davies says clermont are relishing champions cup semi-final against northampton . ‘ the plan is to replicate the northampton display , ’ said davies . ‘ people talk about it as the complete performance , but we should always expect to deliver that sort of intensity , accuracy and execution . it wasn’t a surprise to me . ‘ there is an expectation on us but we can use that as a positive - we’re in a good place at the moment . we got some quality training in at the start of this week and we can really sharpen the blade on thursday and friday . when saturday comes , everyone is on the same page to deliver and execute . ’ despite this weekend’s fixture being played at a ‘neutral’ venue , clermont are expecting more supporters than at a typical sell-out fixture at their 18,000-capacity home ground . it is a 90-mile drive from the industrial town to the stade geoffroy-guichard , where the top 14 side are aiming to make amends for last year’s semi-final defeat at the hands of saracens . clermont are aiming to make amends for last year’s semi-final defeat at the hands of saracens . ‘ for 18,000 people to make that much noise in the quarter-final was quite special , ’ said davies . ‘ hopefully they’ll be even louder in st etienne . the home crowd put out a rallying call ; it’s a very proud area and there are expectations . ‘it’s nice to have that burden of making sure you deliver . over the last few years we haven’t done that , but this year there is an edge and clarity . it’s good to draw on past experiences to help with the now . we all know what we want to achieve . ’ according to davies , the clermont gameplan is simple : build an early lead , ease the pressure and force saracens to run the ball rather than kick . the 27-year-old wants to nullify the aerial threat of half-backs richard wigglesworth and charlie hodgson , with owen farrell’s return to the bench adding to yesterday’s good news that george kruis has signed a long-term contract extension . clermont thrashed english champions northampton in the previous round . while saracens are flying the english flag in europe’s premier competition , exeter are preparing to face gloucester in the second-tier challenge cup . having overcome lions and northampton front-row alex corbisiero in the scrum on sunday , it will be another chance for anglo-welsh tight-head tomas francis to impress . the yorkshire-born chief trained with wales during the rbs 6 nations , however he is still eligible to play for england . warren gatland has earmarked the 22-year-old for the world cup but - while his loyalties now sway towards wales – 21st2lb francis would be open to a phonecall from the england coaches . ‘ i have spoken to england in the past but no real conversations , ’ revealed francis . ‘ back in the autumn , they said i was on the radar . wales were in touch around the same time , but my body was not ready for the next step up from the championship . ‘ at the minute , wales are the ones in touch . if it came around then i would be happy to speak to stuart lancaster and i would have to think about it again . growing up i probably dreamt of playing for england , but i have already been to train with wales so there is a loyalty towards them now . ’