a couple have been spared prison for felony child neglect after admitting to locking their three young children in a room with urine and feces for 24 hours a day - and feeding them through a gate . scott suggs , 28 , and brandy kangas , 36 , were arrested after police received an anonymous tip regarding the welfare of their children , a 17-month-old boy and two girls , aged three and four . when police arrived at their home in fredericksburg , virginia , last december , they discovered the youngsters locked in a ' sparsely furnished ' room , where they had seemingly ' remained at all times ' . the room was stained with human urine and feces and had a homemade ' gate ' , which the children appeared to have been fed their meals through . authorities immediately removed the youngsters . guilty : scott suggs ( left ) , 28 , and brandy kangas ( right ) , 36 , have been sentenced for child neglect after admitting to locking their three children in a room with urine and feces - and feeding them through a gate . horrific : the couple were arrested after police received an anonymous tip about their 17-month-old son and two small daughters . above , the messy room ( right ) and the gate through which the children were fed ( left ) . on monday , suggs and kangas pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect in relation to their children , who consequently lack social skills and are fearful of closed doors , according to nbc . however , the parents have now escaped jail after being handed six-year suspended sentences , 10 years of ' good behavior ' and indefinite supervised probation by a judge at spotsylvania circuit court . they are also not allowed unsupervised contact with the trio . spotsylvania county sheriff roger harris said on friday : ' this was an abhorrent situation that the children were living in and it breaks my heart to see this kind of treatment of small children . ' saving these kids from this type of neglect is why all of us are involved in public service . ' following the anonymous tip last december 16 , police arrived at the fleming street home and removed the children from the locked room using a ' key that was located in the residence ' . children the baby boy ( second right ) and one of the two girls ( front ) , who are aged three and four , are believed to be pictured with their two older sisters , who have not been mentioned in the shocking child neglect case . scene : the room in fleming street ( pictured ) in fredericksburg , virginia , was stained with urine and feces . ' the room was in disarray and had stains to include urine and feces . the children were fed through an opening in the gate , ' captain jeff pearce , of the sheriff 's office , told frederciksburg.com . in the immediate aftermath of the discovery , members of the sheriff 's office reportedly offered to provide bedding and clothing for the children , who are not being identified for legal reasons . the youngsters were later placed with a foster care family , where they are said to be thriving . according to their facebook pages , kangas , who works at a holiday inn express , and suggs have several older children . it is unknown whether these children have also been placed into care . neglectful : on tuesday , suggs ( pictured , right , in a facebook photo ) and kangas ( left ) pleaded guilty to three counts of felony child neglect in relation to their children , who were fed their meals through a homemade ' gate ' . suspended sentences : suggs and kangas ( pictured in a 2009 facebook photo with two of their older children ) have both been handed six-year suspended sentences , 10 years of ' good behavior ' and supervised probation .