a gang of fly-tippers have dumped a staggering 40 tonnes of industrial waste at the side of the road in a pretty suffolk village . the mounds of rubbish , described by one police officer as the worst he has seen in almost 30 years , will cost the public purse thousands of pounds to clear up . it is believed the gang used three tractors and trailers to dump the industrial waste in walsham-le-willows , between eye and bury st edmunds , flytipping : a 40-tonne pile of industrial waste has been dumped by the side of the road in a suffolk village . dumped : police believe the fly-tippers used three tractors and trailers to transport the rubbish to the roadside . the gang piled up the rubbish , which includes materials used in the carpet and veterinary industries , at about 9.30pm on thursday . pc mark bryant , a rural crime officer , said : ' it 's horrific . i have never seen anything like it in my 28 years , certainly not in suffolk , not on that scale and not as blatant . ' he added : ' it 's quite incredible . if it 's a black bin in a layby you almost expect to see it but not three trailers full - this is unheard of . ' we do get more of it at this time of year and we have recently started a campaign against it with the nfu ( national farmers ' union ) and cla ( country land and business association ) . ' ' horrific ' : pc mark bryant , rural crime officer , said it is the worst case of flytipping he 's seen in 28 years . campaign : police , the national farmers ' union and the country land and business association are trying to prevent fly-tipping . jessica fleming , county councillor for walsham-le-willows , said : ' i am obviously absolutely appalled and disappointed to hear that this has happened but i hope that the people who have done this will be caught . ' it would have been shocking for people passing in their cars - i certainly will be following this up and trying to find the culprits . '' police and environment agency officers are now trying to clear the huge pile of waste .