elena udrea , pictured , is accused of taking bribes and abusing her position in government . a glamorous romanian politician who finished fourth in the country 's presidential election has been charged with accepting bribes and abusing her power while a government minister by anti-corruption police . elena udrea , 41 , was investigated over claims during her time as the country 's tourism minister that she had accepted bribes worth an estimated £1.3 million . she was indicted along with seven other people , including the country 's former economy minister ion ariton , who was charged with abuse of power . prosecutors in bucharest revealed details of the investigation . romania is regarded as one of the most corrupt countries in the european union . udrea , who is a lawyer , has strenuously denied the claims against her . she is a close ally of former president traian basescu . prosecutors allege that udrea and a number of her associates sought money from private firms in exchange for guarantees that they would be paid promptly for public projects . the centrist politician is accused of accepting cash in romanian leu as well as euros worth an estimated £1.3 million . she claims the charges against her are politically motivated and accuses the anti-corruption prosecution agency of being linked to the secret service . recent corruption cases have shown mayors , city councillors as well as other politicians requiring a kick-back to secure lucrative contracts . prosecutors claim that udrea used some of the cash to finance the political party she was involved with . it is also claimed that udrea used 8.1 million leu , worth £1.3 million of money belonging to a regional development ministry to fund a private boxing event under the pretext of buying tourism advertising for romania . ariton , who is now a senator , is accused of convincing ten state-owned companies to sponsor the private event for 1.7 million leu , worth £276,000 . under romanian law , state-owned industries are not allowed to sponsor private events . ariton also denies any wrongdoing . udrea was the minister of tourism between 2008 and 2009 and also the minister of regional development and tourism between 2009 and 2012 . in her last position , she administered a yearly budget of £2.37 billion . one-time romanian presidential candidate elena udrea , pictured , is accused of taking bribes . the 41-year-old former tourism minister is also accused of abusing her position in government . udrea , centre , has strongly denied any wrongdoing and accuses anti-corruption officials of being biased .