an australian doctor is the face of the latest islamic state propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of its own health service in syria . the propaganda video shows a man with an australian accent who calls himself ' abu yusuf ' and calls on foreign doctors to travel to the isis stronghold raqqa to help launch the ishs ( the islamic state health service ) , which appears to be mimicking britain 's national health service . the vision shows yusuf handling babies in a maternity ward while wearing western-style blue surgical scrubs and a stethoscope . scroll down for video . an australian doctor who calls himself ' abu yusuf ' is geatured in the latest islamic state propaganda video in which the terrorist organisation announces the launch of the islamic state health service . the video 's poster shows a cropped image of a doctor , wearing an western-style blue surgical scrubs which appear to mimic britain 's national health service . the vision , which is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group , shows yusuf interviewed inside the paediatric ward of a syrian hospital . ' my name is abu yusuf . i made hijrah from australia to the islamic state to live under the khilafah , ’ he says . ' i saw this as part of my jihad for islam , to help the muslim ummah ( community ) in the area that i could which is the medical field . ' he claims to be sad he delayed travelling to syria for so long . ‘ it is disappointing to think how many fellow muslims brothers and sisters in the medical field , who are doctors and nurses , physios , who are still living in the west and unfortunately the muslims living here are suffering , not necessary from a lack of equipment or medicine but a mainly a lack of qualified medical care . ' yusuf is shown monitoring and handling babies in a maternity unit as well as teaching another doctor how to care for the infant patients . the vision is the latest in a string of high budget propaganda videos from the depraved militant group . yusuf urges foreign muslims with medical training to come forward and join the latest caliphate initiative . ‘ we really need your help . it is not the equipment that we are lacking , it is truly just the staff . inshallah see you soon . ' the video also features an indian physiologist called abu muqatil al-hindi , who says the physical therapy centre is ‘ one of them most important areas that any hospital should have . ’ the physiologist says there are already australian physiologists in the wing , but he encourages more doctors to travel to syria to help the struggling medical service . the video also features an indian physiologist called abu muqatil al-hindi , who encourages more doctors to travel to syria to help the struggling medical service . abu yusuf al-australi calls upon foreigners with medical training to join the islamic state 's new medical initiative . australian national university terrorism expert dr clarke jones confirmed the authenticity of the video to daily mail australia . ‘i’m familiar with is propaganda and this is certainly legit , ' he said . ‘ the video is interesting because it’s trying to communicate a sense of normalcy within the caliphate . the babies , ambulances and modern medical equipment are a far cry from the barbarity of their other videos . ’ ‘ in reality , the conditions are not accurate : syria remains a very hostile environment . but it communicates a major shift in their recruitment . ’ dr jones believes the group are trying to attract more sophisticated demographic than in the past , when they targeted disillusioned youths . ‘ they are asking for foreigners with medical training and an education , and they aren’t trying to lure them for militant purposes . this poses an interesting question : is this still considered radicalisation ? ’ nine british medical students have travelled to syria to work in hospitals in islamic state-held areas . pictured from left to right : hisham mohammed fadlallah , lena maumoon abdulqadir and tamer ahmed ebu sebah . the four women and five men apparently kept their plans secret from their families and fled to syria . left to right : rowan kamal zine el abidine , sami ahmed kadir and ismail hamadoun . the medical students are believed to now be in the isis-held area of tel abyad , from left to right : nada sami kader , mohamed osama badri mohammed and tasneem suleyman . the footage , which appeared on social media on thursday , comes after nine brritish medical students travelled to syria last month , claiming they were going to help treat victims of the civil war . the students are all believed to be of sudanese origin and were studying at a medical school in khartoum , sudan . the students have been named as lena mamoun abdelgadir , nada sami kader , rowan kamal zine el abidine , tasneem suleyman huseyin , ismail hamdoun , tamer ahmed ebu sebah , mohammed osama badri mohammed , hisham mohammed fadlallah and sami ahmed kadir . former melbourne man turned islamic state recruiter neil prakash ( above ) has featured in recnt propaganda videos . in february , australia 's attorney-general george brandis announced an $ 18 million initiative to battle extremist propaganda . the operation , which will be launched in july , will employ a team of technology experts to assess the impact of online extremist propaganda . the government also plans to seek the help of platforms such as google , twitter and facebook , to counter extremist messages . this week , senior islamic state commander abu khaled al-cambodi released a propaganda video where he ordered his ' beloved brothers ' to ' rise up ' and attack targets in australia . the former melbourne man was a key figure in police investigations surrounding a plot which was foiled last week which saw teenagers allegedly planning to attack police during today’s anzac day ceremony . police have charged three men over the shocking plot which would have seen a police officer run over and killed with a knife . islamic state terrorists ( above ) are in charge of a large swath of syria and iraq and have recruited thousands of foreign fighters .  