outspoken weight loss expert steve miller is on a mission to tackle britain’s obesity crisis and has put forward a strict five-point plan he thinks will work wonders . the former fat families star is an advocate of constructive fat shaming and believes we need to get tougher on the overweight population . some of his somewhat controversial demands include obesity wardens in the street , fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and steve moving in with public role models who are overweight . an outspoken weight loss expert , steve miller , has devised a five-point plan he is convinced will help tackle britain 's obesity crisis . steve claims that these interventions could save the country and the nhs millions . he said : ' the financial burden obesity has placed on the uk’s economy is astronomical , it cost the nation nearly £47bn in 2014 alone . ' i am sick and tired of the weak measures in place that are clearly failing to tackle this nationwide health issue . 'it’s obvious that drastic steps need to taken in order to take fat seriously . i don’t care if my views make me unpopular , as long as they make people sit up and listen . ' the five simple steps that steve is pledging are as follows : 1 . getting fat celebrities to lose weight . steve believes that overweight celebrities and public figures are promoting an unhealthy body image and are bad role models . he is offering to move in with people he deems overweight to help motivate them to lose weight and get them in the right mindset . steve claims that these interventions , including obesity wardens in the street , fat warning signs outside fast food restaurants and steve moving in with public role models who are overweight , could save the country and the nhs millions . 2 . fast food warning signs . steve claims weight loss is all about control and currently the temptation to pig out is always there with no restrictions . he believes by installing fat warning signs outside fast food joints , there is a concrete health warning for those who are overweight , which should make them think twice before tucking into a burger and fries . steve claims weight loss is all about control and currently the temptation to pig out is always there with no restrictions . 3 . obesity wardens . under steve’s plan , these would be government-employed individuals who could speak on the street to fat people and openly to encourage them to lose weight . sometimes it takes someone else to tell you to take action before you see what a huge problem being overweight is and from steve’s experience , he is convinced constructive fat shaming works . 4 . payments for two seats on a plane and cinemas . according to steve , double payment for plane seats is another way of constructively fat shaming . he believes airlines , cinemas , and theatres should all have scales and if you are over the maximum weight for your height , you should pay to cover two seats . staff would reserve the right to weigh the customer upon arrival if they believe the customer is too fat for one seat . 5 . heart attack photos on foods that are obviously very calorific . steve believes the department of health needs to get tough . he claims they have no qualms about using shock tactics with other serious health issues - such as the graphic images on cigarette packaging - and says they need to treat obesity as seriously . steve’s calling for photos of clogged arteries and other graphic content to be put on foods with high calorie content as a public health warning .