an architect who arranged to meet a woman on a blind date raped her several hours later while telling her ' girls say no but they do n't really mean it , ' a court has heard . adam leheup , 34 , allegedly insisted on having sex with the 25-year-old woman despite her shouting : ' no , no . ' leheup met the woman on july 9 , 2013 after arranging to meet on the ' let 's date ' mobile phone app . adam leheup met with his alleged victim after making contact with her through the ' let 's date app ' . they arranged to meet under the clock on waterloo station before crossing the bridge over to the embankment where they went to gordon 's wine bar . leheup , who is a university of greenwich graduate and technical co-ordinator on the £500m nine elms point development , denies raping the woman . blackfriars crown court heard that leheup missed his last train home to hersham , walton-on-thames , so the alleged victim allowed him to come home with her to her flat in camden during the early hours of july 10 , 2013 . he said they enjoyed a night-long date , which included wine and cocktails , with the young woman responding to his physical advances and allowing him to remove her bra in her bedroom so he could massage her back with oil . in a statement to police , the alleged victim said : ' i told him nothing was going to happen , but he started to kiss me and i could tell he was naked . he took my clothes off and was on top of me and penetrated me and i was shouting : `` no '' a lot , but he was not listening . ' i was saying : `` no '' , but he thought it was a joke or something . then maybe he realised i was serious and he calmed down . ' he said : `` girl’s say : no , but they don’t mean it . '' i just wanted him out . my flatmate said she was going to call the police , but he laughed at her and said it would just be a domestic . ' prosecutor mr ish sheikh told the court the couple met on dating app ‘let’s date’ - which connects users who mutually find each other attractive - and had two bottles of wine at gordons wine bar , embankment after meeting and walking across waterloo bridge . it was so late leheup had missed his last train and his date agreed to put him up for the night . ' she made it clear nothing would happen and they went to a second bar , `` joe’s '' , in camden where they had mojitos . leheup went to gordon 's wine bar , pictured , with his alleged victim before going back to camden together . leheup has pleaded not guilty to raping the 25-year-old girl at blackfriars crown court , pictured . ' he started kissing my neck and it made me a bit uncomfortable , but it wasn’t vicious or nasty and later i did kiss him back . we were getting on well , ' the woman told police in a video interview . ' the kissing had got a bit more aggressive , stuff i did not like , his hand on my throat , which makes me vulnerable . ' i said : `` nothing is going to happen . '' i’m not that kind of girl . mr sheikh added : ' the defendant was also a bit funny towards her when she was talking to other men at the bar . ' they returned to the complainant’s flat in the early hours . ' she shares it with two others and when they got into the bedroom she changed into jogging bottoms and a top and got into bed , where the defendant joined her without any clothes on at all . ' he started kissing her and got on top of her and she was shouting : `` no , no , '' and to stop , but he did not take any heed of these cries and touched her with his fingers . ' partial intercourse occurred for a very short time and the young woman managed to get away and told leheup : ' why did you do that when i said no ? ' mr sheikh explained : ' one of the flatmates was woken because of the shouting and told mr leheup to leave , but he wouldn’t because he said he had work the next day and wanted to wait until the trains started running . the flatmate threatened to call the police and leheup clambered down scaffolding outside the balcony door , but was arrested on the way to the underground station . when questioned by police the defendant said his date did not object to being touched intimately by him . ' he said he was fondling her breasts and there was no talk of sex one way or the other . ' when they arrived at the bedroom he said she said words to the effect of : `` welcome to my crack den . '' ' he said he took her bra off because she wanted a back massage with some oil and they began kissing . ' he said he got on top of her her and she then freaked out and as soon as she did he got off her , ' explained mr. sheikh . ' he said he climbed down the scaffolding to avoid a confrontation . ' when she was shouting : `` no '' he should have known she was not consenting . he was not going to take no for an answer that night . ' the young woman admits she was under the influence of alcohol . ' i was probably more drunk than i should have been . i was feeling a bit giddy , a bit tipsy , but i was not falling over . ' the trial continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .