john mayer , russell brand - there are certain types of men women know are bad bets but fall for anyway and even bright women like katy perry and jennifer aniston are n't immune . but while no one 's perfect and some troubled souls are worth saving , others are just trouble . all of the behavioural traits below are danger signs , offering six crucial clues to spot the dysfunctional people most likely to break your heart . scroll down for video . tracey cox provides advice on whether he loves you or will break your heart . 1 . how ' in touch ' with themselves are they ? are they aware of their character and personality faults ? do they know their strengths ? they do n't have to have spent the last decade on a therapist 's couch to have done some soul-searching . have they sorted out the emotional baggage from childhood and past relationships or are they trailing it along behind them ? find out : ask questions . what are your family like ? are you close to them ? are you friends with your exes ? why did you split up ? did it hurt ? how do you stay positive ? 2 . are they affectionate and able to express their feelings ? yes , yes , we all know men like to disappear into their caves . but the person who knows what they 're feeling and shares their feelings with you is going to be a lot easier to share a bathroom with than the person who locks themselves in it . find out : ask them anything to see if they will open up . you seem a bit distant tonight , anything bothering you ? do they grab your arm , kiss you spontaneously , say nice things – or does hugging them feel like you 're cuddling an ironing board ? 3 . are they honest ? are they a ' good ' person ? can you count on them to do the right thing by you and others ? do they treat their friends and family well ? do the right thing in business ? whatever your partner does to other people , they 're more than capable of doing to you . find out : do they have lots of friends , or have much contact with their family ? are they generally popular , or do people seem a little distrustful of them and stand-offish ? are they well liked at work ? 4 . are they an adult ? sounds like a stupid question but some people simply do n't grow up . does this person know how to cook , clean , look after themselves , pay bills on time and manage their money ? are they mature enough to know they ca n't afford a lamborghini when they 're barely covering the rent ? tracey says that if he does n't like himself then it will be difficult to form a happy relationship . find out : does their home look like a bomb 's hit it ? is there lots of unopened mail ( unpaid bills ) stacked up on the side ? do they seem to be living beyond their means for the job they have ? do they ever ask you to lend them cash or bail them out ? 5 . do they like themselves ? the more they like who they are , the healthier your relationship will be . the more hang-ups they have , the more you 'll be used as their therapist . find out : do all your conversations centre around them ? do you spend a great deal of time solving their problems and boosting their self-confidence ? do you feel exhausted after you 've seen them ? 6 . are they positive and happy most of the time ? do they look for problems or solutions ? are they a doer or a procrastinator ? i once went out with a guy who was constantly depressed because of all the starving children in the world . he thought he was holier-than-thou because they were never far from his mind . i thought he was a hypocritical son of a b**** . his permanent hangdog expression did n't help one iota – but a big fat cheque from his very healthy bank account might have . find out : if they 're unhappy or depressed , do they have a good reason for it ? do they often seem overwhelmed by life itself ? are they moody – up one minute , down the next ? for more advice on your sex or love life , visit traceycox.com .