hundreds of explorers , theorists and fantasists have spent their lives searching for the infamous 'big-foot ' . but a leading geneticist believes he has found evidence to prove that it - or rather she - could have been more than a myth . professor bryan sykes of the university of oxford claims a towering woman named zana who lived in 19th century russia - and appeared to be ' half human , half ape ' - could have been the fabled yeti . witnesses described the six-foot , six-inches tall woman discovered in the caucasus mountains between georgia and russia as having ' all the characteristics of a wild animal ' - and covered in thick auburn hair . scroll down for video . historic : a leading genetecist claims a towering woman named zana ( artist 's representation ) who lived in 19th century russia - and appeared to be ' half human , half ape ' - could have been the fabled yeti . proof : dna evidence from zana 's granddaughter ( left ) and the remains of her son khwit ( right ) seemed proved that zana was of african descent even though she lived in the wild caucusus . wild : zana was discovered and trapped by a local merchant who hired a group of hunters to hunt her down in the region of ochamchir - and she was eventually tamed by a nobleman on his estate in tkhina . treacherous : it is thought zana roamed the remote caucusus mountains , where sykes says her african ancestors lived for many generations . trapped : a merchant found zana in the ochamchir region of western georgia and after hunters caught her , they placed her in a ditch surrounded by sharp spikes . mythical : witnesses described the six-foot , six-inches tall woman as having ' all the characteristics of a wild animal ' ( fabled 'big-foot ' pictured ) . experts believe the wandering ' wild woman ' was found lurking in the remote region of ochamchir in the republic of abkhazia . she was captured by a local merchant in the 1850s who hired a group of hunters to subdue and shackle her in the mountainous terrain . professor sykes claims zana was kept in a ' ditch surrounded by sharpened spikes ' and sold from owner to owner until she came to serve nobleman edgi genaba as a servant . famously known as the ape woman , zana had at least four children by local men and some of her descendants still live in the region , the times reported . sykes made an astonishing discovery when he carried out saliva tests on six of her living relatives and the tooth of her deceased son khwit . the dna analysis revealed that they all contained the right amount of african dna for zana the ape woman to be '100 per cent african ' but remarkably she did not resemble any known group . discovery : professor bryan sykes of the university of oxford analysed the dna of her living relatives in the caucuses region and found west-african genes . myth ? the first accounts of the yeti emerged before the 19th century from buddhists who believed that the creature inhabited the himalayas . her resemblance was that of a wild beast - ' the most frightening feature of which was her expression which was pure animal , ' one russian zoologist wrote in 1996 . the man who organised various eyewitness accounts of zana wrote : ' her athletic power was enormous . evidence : in his book ' nature of the best ' , sykes argues that zana could be the yeti . she would outrun a horse and swim across the moskva river even when it rose in violent high tide . ' some have argued that she was a runaway ottoman slave but professor sykes says her ' unparalleled dna ' refutes that theory . he believes her ancestors came out of africa over 100,000 years ago and lived in the remote caucasus for many generations . zana was eventually ' tamed ' by the nobleman who bought her as a servant and kept her on his estate in tkhina in the republic of abkhazia . accounts from the time claim she was incredibly muscular , slept outdoors and ran around naked until she died on the estate in 1890 . some of his colleagues doubt his other findings - which include a claim that an unknown species of bear might account for yeti sightings in bhutan . despite the lack of hard proof from the analysis of the alleged ' yeti hairs ' , he says he has developed a strong sense that ' something is out there ' after speaking to dozens of witnesses . professor sykes could not say if the yeti , bigfoot or the russian almasty is the best candidate for a surviving race of human ' apemen ' . he said : ' bigfoot has many more people trying to find it . but i suppose either the yeti or the alma / almasty , which live in inaccessible and very thinly populated regions , is the most likely . ' the first accounts of yetis emerged before the 19th century from buddhists who believed that the creature inhabited the himalayas . they depicted the mysterious beast as having similarities to an ape and carrying a large stone as a weapon while making a whistling sound . in 1832 , an explorer who had his account of trekking in nepal published in the journal of the asiatic society of bengal spoke of seeing tall , bipedal creature covered with long dark hair , which seemed to flee in fear . the term abominable snowman was developed in 1921 following a book by lieutenant-colonel charles howard-bury called mount everest the reconnaissance . popular interest in creature gathered pace in early 20th century as tourists began making their own trips to the region to try and capture the yeti . they reported seeing strange markings in the snow . mystical : hundreds of explorers , theorists and fantasists have spent their lives searching for the infamous 'big-foot ' the daily mail led a trip called the the snowman expedition in 1954 to everest . during the trip mountaineering leader john angelo jackson photographed ancient paintings of yetis and large footprints in the snow . a number of hair samples were also found that were believed to have come from a yeti scalp . british mountaineer don whillans claimed to have witnessed a creature when scaling annapurna in 1970 . he said that while searching for a campsite he heard some odd cries which his guide attributed to a yeti 's call . that night , he saw a dark shape moving near his camp . in recent times , there have been more reported yeti sightings and at a conference in russia in 2011 , scientists declared they were 95 per cent certain of the existence of yetis . in 2013 , a scientist claimed that the yeti was a distant relative of the polar bear , which is thought to have died out more than 40,000 years ago . but researchers have shown that the two hair samples analysed actually originated from a modern polar bear , and a type of rare bear native to the high mountain ranges .