we 're suckers for athletes who play with a lot of heart . in erik compton 's case , make that plural : hearts . he 'll tee off this week at the masters on his third . the 35-year-old veteran would rather be known for his golf than what he 's had to overcome to earn a spot in the field . but compton is n't shy about sharing his story , either . erik compton shares a joke with jim furyk during a practice round at augusta ahead of the masters . a first heart transplant at 12 , then a second in 2008 after a major heart attack - what doctors call a 'widow-maker ' - while driving home from a lesson with longtime coach and close pal charlie delucca . he 's been trying make up for lost time ever since . ' it 's hard , but it 's also a great thing , ' compton said on monday after a practice round at augusta national . ' there 's two sides to me . i 'm a competitor and a sports person , and i 'm also the recipient of two transplants , and i know what that involves . so when you put them together , it does make a little bit of spaghetti in my mind sometimes you know . ' ' i 'll take it , ' he added a moment later . it 's not like compton had a choice . he recovered from his childhood setback to become the no 1-ranked junior in the united states at 18 , then a two-time all-american at georgia . compton , 35 , is set to make his first appearance at the famous tournament this week . but he 's spent most of the intervening years battling on minor league circuits , then becoming an advocate and spokesman for donate life , an alliance for national and local groups raising awareness about organ and tissue donation . in a nice bit of serendipity , his first appearance in the masters coincides with donate life month . but it 's already a full-time campaign for compton - he 's been displaying the organization 's logo on his shirt sleeve for a while . all of those efforts paid big dividends last year , when he carved out a spot on the pga tour and nearly stole the show at the us open . his runner-up finish at pinehurst nudged compton and his story into the spotlight - and earned him an invitation to augusta . it was something he 'd longed to do since watching the tournament on tv as a kid . ' for me , it was a bit difficult to watch so many years and think , i 'm never going to play in the masters , just because of other issues that i 've had . but yet , i just love to watch the masters . so it 's going to be weird , ' he said to laughter , ' not watching the masters this year . ' compton 's wife , barbara , and parents peter and eli wo n't be tuning in this year , either , making the drive up from florida to watch erik play in person . it 's a well-deserved reward to be sure , since all of them had a hand in the push-pull climb toward the top of the golf hill . the veteran has had two heart transplants , but wants to focus on the week ahead , rather than his journey . after walking most his son 's practice round , peter compton recalled how motivated erik was , no matter how tough things seemed . six months after hurricane andrew hit the miami area in 1992 , forcing the family out of their home and into temporary housing alongside a golf course near doral , he took his son to play a few holes . ' we were in a cart and back then , he liked driving more than playing , ' peter recalled . ' but every time we 'd leave the tee , he 'd drive to his ball , and he was already hitting it 225 ( yards ) or so . so finally , about the third time it happened , i had to remind him , `` hey , stop here . let me play my tee shots ! '' ' he started playing junior tournaments in the area after that and a lot of the fathers would come up and tell me what a terrific story it was , ' peter said . ' but it was n't long after that erik started winning those tournaments . ... he could have sat back , said he 'd been dealt a bad hand and did nothing . so i think that 's what we 're most proud of - he refused to give up . ' compton chats with his caddie as he walks the famous course ahead of his first ever round at the masters . compton tries to strike a delicate balance between those accomplishments and his aspirations . after a promising 2014 campaign on the big tour , his breakthrough performance at pinehurst - only the second major he qualified to play . but compton struggled this year , opening the 2015 season with a tie for 10th . he then wrestled with his driver and missed the cut in his next five tournaments . at the moment , most of his energy and focus are devoted to keeping the ball in play . ' i 'm here in the press room at the masters , and that 's a great thing , ' he said . ' but i do n't look at myself as somebody who is a role model ... i look at myself as a golfer who has used golf as a means to maybe put some of the tough stuff that 's happened to me in the past . golf 's been very therapeutic for me over the years . ' as i 'm sitting here today , ' compton concluded , ' i view myself as somebody who is going to try to do the best he can to compete in the masters . ' 