spain 's carla suarez navarro came back from a dreadful first set to defeat three-times miami open champion venus williams 0-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 at key biscayne on tuesday and set up a semi-final clash with germany 's ninth seed andrea petkovic . petkovic booked her place in the last four after a 6-4 , 6-2 win over 14th seeded czech karolina pliskova . williams utterly dominated the first set , crushing the spaniard 6-0 in less than half an hour but her opponent was able to regroup and battle back in impressive style . venus williams shows her frustrations as she loses to carla suarez navarro in the miami open last eight . suarez navarro celebrates as she completes her comeback against three-time miami champion williams . suddenly regaining her confidence suarez navarro won the first four games and went on to take the second set 6-1 . the third set bucked the trend for one-sided exchanges until suarez navarro broke to go 5-4 up only for venus to break back straight away . the spaniard won the last two games however to continue an impressive season that has seen her reach two other semi-finals and make the last eight at indian wells for the first time . ' it was a crazy match , crazy first two sets . venus was unbelievable at the beginning . i started a bit nervous but even if you lose the first set you are still in the competition and i am happy with the way i came back , ' said suarez navarro . williams chases to her right to play a forehand during her quarter-final on tuesday evening . williams ( left ) shakes hands across the net with suarez navarro as the spaniard goes through . williams said she had struggled to find consistency . ' i just made a little too many errors and i was going for it the whole match . towards the end just never found the happy medium between being aggressive and putting the ball in the court , ' she said . petkovic made a blistering start , going up 4-1 in the first set but the 23-year-old pliskova powered her way back to 4-4 and then had three break points , all of which were saved . petkovic , the 2011 miami semi-finalist , won the next five games and wrapped up the match in one hour , 16 minutes . andrea petkovic has her eye on the ball as she plays a forehand during her quarter-final victory . czech karolina pliskova hits a serve but later loses in straight sets to the german ninth seed . ' i was playing really well at the start but i could n't see the ball on my serve with the sun on one side and i was struggling , ' said petkovic . ' karolina also started playing really well and i was a little lucky at the end of the first set . but then i got better and better from there , ' she said . wednesday 's quarter-finals see top seed serena williams take on germany 's sabine lisicki while third-seed romanian simona halep faces american sloane stephens . 