a heartbroken mother has spoken out about her relentless grief after her baby son was brutally murdered in a random attack when a stranger broke into their home . casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random , whilst the baby slept in his cot in june 2012 . ' it tortures because it 's something that 's always like – why me ? why our house ? why our zayden ? ' a heartbroken ms veal told 60 minutes . the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks who bashed baby zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana . casey veal 's son zayden was just 10 months old when he was bludgeoned to death by a drug-crazed burglar who broke into their bendigo home at random in the middle of the night as the family slept . the culprit was 19-year-old harley hicks ( pictured ) who bashed baby zayden more than 30 times with a homemade baton during a senseless and unprovoked robbery , fuelled by ice and marijuana . heartbroken mother casey veal ( pictured ) has spoken out about her relentless grief after her baby son was brutally murdered in a random attack when a stranger broke into their home . ' my son was murdered so he could get a hit of ice . that 's it , ' ms veal told 60 minutes . hicks left the home with nothing more than a wallet and a pair of sunglasses . he unplugged the baby monitor before unleashing the vicious attack on the defenceless baby while ms veal and zayden 's brother xavier , then aged three , slept . when ms veal woke she realised they 'd been robbed . she was then faced with the horror of discovering the brutal attack on her son , leaving him almost beyond recognition . ' when i walked over to the cot , i pulled the blankets back and that 's when i saw his face and there was blood everywhere underneath him , ' she said tearfully . zayden had been repeatedly bashed before he was stabbed 32 times with a homemade copper baton . the happy baby with a beautiful smile suffered a crushed skull , broken collar bone and a broken rib . he was rushed to hospital but could n't be saved . the drug-fuelled killed unplugged the baby monitor before unleashing the vicious attack on the defenceless baby zayden ( left ) while ms veal and zayden 's brother xavier ( right ) , then aged three , slept . the happy baby with a beautiful smile suffered a crushed skull , broken collar bone and a broken rib . the baby was a victim of a random attack yet his mother remains wracked with guilt . ' he was gone so i asked if i could have him , i just wanted to hold him , ' she told 60 minutes . ' i just sat and i cried . i just said ' i am so sorry . ' ' i 'm so sorry that i failed . my only job as your mum was to look after you and i did n't . ' the new interview coincides with the federal government 's announcement of the introduction of a task force to combat the ' national ice epidemic ' . assistant health minister fiona nash says the best way to reduce demand for ice is to educate the community , not just police its use . ' we ca n't arrest our way out of this problem , ' she told abc tv . the health and education campaign will warn australians about the dangers of the drug . its key message would be that a momentary high would lead to a lifetime of pain and suffering , mr abbott said . he declared the drug worse than heroin , lsd , cocaine or ecstasy . justice kaye said the murderer hicks had at no point shown remorse . ' nor was there even the slightest indication by you of any pity or sympathy for the baby ... or for his family ' . the baby was a victim of a random attack yet his mother casey veal ( pictured ) remains wracked with guilt . ' it 's much more addictive , much more dangerous , much more damaging , ' he told reporters in sydney . asked if the campaign would be as confronting as the infamous grim reaper aids ads of the 1980s , senator . nash said : ' we 're going to do what 's most effective . ' the campaign will get underway ' well before ' june 30 , mr abbott later added . ice is known for its intense comedowns and can make a person feel paranoid , hallucinate , aggressive and extremely violent . as for his motivation , hicks has offered no explanation for why he committed the horrific act . the murder weapon , a homemade baton , was later discovered at hick 's home with his dna on one end and zayden 's on the other . the murder weapon , a homemade baton , was later discovered at hick 's home with his dna on one end and zayden 's on the other . casey veal says her now five-year-old son xavier ( left ) remains deeply affected by the death of his baby brother zayden ( right ) . yet after his arrest , hicks tried to blame the murder on another person and reportedly lied throughout investigations . harley hicks has been sentenced to life in prison with 32 years non parole for the brutal murder of baby zayden veal-whitting . ' it is almost unthinkable that any human being could have carried out such a sickening crime that you have committed , ' supreme court justice stephen kaye said in sentencing hicks . ' what you did was totally and utterly evil . ' justice kaye said he could not say for sure if hicks had viciously snuffed out zayden 's cry in a bid to silence the baby during the robbery . ' if that constituted your motive for killing zayden , then you murdered an innocent child so that you could escape the premises with the valuable items that you had stolen from it , ' he said . ' on the other hand , if that was not your motive , then your murder of zayden was simply an act of unmitigated evil committed by you for the sheer sake of it . ' after his arrest , hicks tried to blame the murder on another person and reportedly lied in investigations . zayden had been repeatedly bashed before he was stabbed 32 times with a homemade copper baton . zayden 's mother casey veal arriving at the supreme court in bendigo to see her son 's killer sentenced . justice kaye said hicks perpetrated an extraordinarily violent bashing on zayden involving multiple blows with the baton to the head , face and other parts of his body . ' he was utterly harmless , defenceless and helpless , ' he said . ' any human being with even a shred of decency and humanity could only feel compassion , tenderness and protectiveness towards an infant in those circumstances . ' by contrast , you inflicted a brutal bashing , with a lethal instrument , on that baby . ' you crushed his skull , you savagely beat him with at least 30 blows . in court before the sentencing in 2014 , ms veal delivered a powerful impact statement , detailing the devastating impact of zayden 's murder on herself and her family 's life forever . justice kaye said hicks perpetrated an extraordinarily violent bashing on zayden involving multiple blows with the baton to the head , face and other parts of his body . the judge also described the english language as being ' entirely inadequate ' to describe the horror and grief zayden 's mother , casey veal , and her family went through . justice kaye said hicks , of north bendigo , had shown no remorse . ' at no stage of the trial could i detect from you any sign of remorse . nor was there even the slightest indication by you of any pity or sympathy for the baby , whose life you had taken , or for his family , whose lives you have shattered . ' rather , you seemed totally oblivious and impervious to such human feelings . ' the judge also described the english language as being ' entirely inadequate ' to describe the horror and grief zayden 's mother , casey veal , and her family went through . in court before the sentencing in 2014 , ms veal delivered a powerful impact statement , detailing the devastating impact of zayden 's murder on herself and her family 's life forever . ' since the crime occurred i have lost my outlook and determination in life i once had . i may stand before you alive and breathing but i 'm but a shadow of my former self . ' ' i am serving a life sentence ... all i have is memories and most of them are tainted by this crime , ' the statement read . harley hicks has been sentenced to life in prison with 32 years non parole for the brutal murder of baby zayden veal-whitting ( pictured ) . hicks left the home with nothing more than a wallet and a pair of sunglasses during his ice-fuelled attack .