having a truck for a home might not sound ideal to the average person but one creative family have transformed their moving house into a castle complete with a rooftop bathtub and guaranteed to please even the pickiest of travellers . while driving along new zealand 's roads , the siezen family 's house appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . but when it is unfolded , the vehicle transforms into a majestic but cosy home for justin , jola and their baby son piko . new zealand couple justin and jola transformed a huge truck into colourful and cosy castle-home . complete with two turrets in the rear , each of the elements fold away into a compact structure . it meets the minimum road requirments and appears to be nothing more than an oversized and strangely shaped truck . however when it unfolds , the vehicle transforms into a majestic and cosy home for justin , jola and their baby son piko . the couple told website living big in a tiny house that their truck-castle was perfect for their travelling lifestyle , which involves constant travel due to jola 's job as an acrobat in performing duo the twisty twinz . ' we were travelling around overseas and thought about coming back to new zealand and where we were going to live . i remembered living in this bus and i was thinking `` that 's actually not a bad idea , that would be a good start when we get back until we decide on something else '' , ' justin said . ' i like engineering , i like art and when you can put them both together it 's really good . this is like one big art project . ' after drawing up some plans , the couple began work on their project , they wanted to ensure that , while in travel mode , the house would meet minimum road requirements . inside , a huge kitchen takes priority in the space with a full size oven for baking . the open space also includes a lounge area and dining table , complete with a fold out baby chair for piko . ' we were travelling around overseas and thought about coming back to new zealand . i remembered living in this bus and i was thinking `` that 's casually not a bad idea , that would be a good start when we get back until we decide on something else '' , ' justin said . the bedroom , which sits in a small raised loft at the front of the truck , features wallpaper made from cut-outs from dozens of old musical songbooks . beneath the entrance to the bedroom , a rotating cupboard with automatic lighting stores the family 's clothes in a number of cleverly built compartments . but their project soon became a more permanent home , filled with personal touches and smart designs that utilise the smallest of spaces . inside , a huge kitchen takes priority in an open space with a full size oven for baking . it also features a lounge area and dining table , complete with a fold-out chair for baby piko . handmade furniture made from recycled materials also fill the space , from the shelf made out of old spanners to the kitchen bench-tops and cupboard which are made from a ' cross section of power poles , all sliced into planks ' . before : the couple travel due to jola 's job as as an acrobat in the performing duo the twisty twinz . after : ' i like engineering , i like art and when you can put them both together its really good . this is like one big art project , ' justin said . in the making : jola is an acrobat who performs all over new zealand . ' these things will just keep changing all the time . as we develop and come up with more ideas , we find space for them , ' justin said . at the back of the castle , two huge turrets make the home look just like a real castle . even the bedroom , which sits in a small raised loft above the front of the truck , features wallpaper made from cut-outs of dozens of old musical songbooks . beneath the entrance to the bedroom , a rotating cupboard with automatic lighting stores the family 's clothes in a number of cleverly-built compartments . at the back of the castle , each of the turrets open up to reveal a beautifully designed composting toilet and a functioning shower and washing machine , with water heated through a combination of solar panels on the roof , gas and a fireplace . one of the turrets open up to reveal a beautifully designed ' ying and yang ' composting toilet . the other holds a functioning shower and washing machine , with water heated through a combination of solar panels on the roof , gas and a wetback fire place . amongst the ideas still under construction is the spacious roof-top balcony atop the house . it features a hammock and bathtub that overlook the panoramic views of each location travelled to . power is supplied through the solar panels , while rain water is captured atop the roof and stored below the vehicle . power is also supplied through the solar panels , while rain water is captured on the roof and stored below the vehicle . ' these things will just keep changing all the time . as we develop and come up with more ideas , we find space for them , ' justin said . amongst projects under construction are a spacious roof-top balcony complete with a hammock and bathtub . 