two young muslims have put a 14-year-old pakistani boy in hospital with burns to 55 percent of his body after they set him on fire because he is a christian . the teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan , who has been identified only as nuaman , had just left a local shop when he was beaten and burnt with kerosene . the boy , who is now being treated at mayo hospital in lahore , described how he was approached by the two muslim youths as they left friday prayers at their local mosque . scroll down for video . the teenager from lahore in punjab province pakistan , who has been identified only as nuaman , is recovering in hospital from burns to 55 percent of his body . they asked him what his religion was and then , when he replied he was a christian , they started beating him . nuaman tired to escaped but as he fled the two other boys poured kerosene on him and set him on fire . he said he ran – still on fire – until he reached a mound of sand which he rolled around in . nuaman said some members of his local community helped him put out his burning clothes by pouring more sand on top of him , breitbart news network reported . the 14-year-old , who lives with his uncle , has said he did not know who had attacked him but said he would be able to identify the assailants if he saw them again . three weeks ago in pakistan , in the country’s sheikhupura district , a 17-year-old christian narrowly escaped with his life following a similar religiously motivated attack . sunny masih was seized by a muslim mob , beaten and thrown in a flaming kiln . he also suffered severe and extensive burns in the incident . nuaman is now receiving treatment for his injuries in lahore's mayo hospital , one of the largest in the region . there are fears that both assaults were acts of retaliation motivated by a christian attack on two members of the pakistani taliban , believed to be behind bomb attacks on two churches in lahore in march . the militant grop detonated two bombs outside churches in the city , killing 17 and wounding a further 80 . in the aftermath of the attacks christians in lahore took to the streets demanding government protection . christian vigilantes lynch church bombing suspects after the attack in lahore killed 15 worshippers and leaves almost 80 wounded . muslim hostilities appear to be on the upswing in pakistan in the wake of the recent disturbances . chritians make up only 2 percent of pakistan’s 182 million people . they have been targets of increasing violence in recent years . in 2013 , 80 people were killed and more than 100 others wounded after twin suicide attacks were carried out at the all saint 's church in peshawar , in what is believed to be the deadliest attack on the country 's christians . lahore 's christians took to the streets in the wake of the attacks but their actions were met by an upswing of religious violence in the area .  