a former high school teacher in south carolina has pleaded guilty to having sexual relations with two of her male students . kimberly waddell macemore , 25 , of wilkesboro , was sentenced on tuesday to a total of not less than 12 months nor more than 34 months in prison . the sentence was suspended for 36 months and she was placed on supervised probation . macemore was also ordered to perform 72 hours of community service , register as a convicted sex offender for the next 30 years , receive a sexual offender psychological assessment and participate in any recommended treatment . former english teacher kimberly waddell macemore , 25 , of of wilkesboro , south carolina , pleaded guilty on tuesday to having sexual relations with two 17-year-old boys she was supposed to be teaching . macemore was a second year english teacher at west wilkes high school when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in may 2014 . macemore was a second year english teacher at west wilkes high school when she was suspended without pay following her arrest in may 2014 . the two male students were both 17 at the time . macemore had a casual sexual relationship with one of the young men , but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other , said prosecutors . on thuesday she pleaded guilty to two counts of taking indecent liberties with a minor . she had also pleaded guilty to two misdemeanors : assisting a student in obtaining a grade by fraudulent means and giving alcohol to someone under age 21 . as part of a plea agreement , six counts of committing a sexual offense with a student at the same school were reduced to taking indecent liberties . the offenses occurred between october , 2013 , and january , 2014 , but not on school property . the incidents only come to light after macemore told another student . word reached the principal and contacted the sheriff 's department . the teacher had a casual sexual relationship with one young man , but had enjoyed a longer and more involved relationship with the other . 