while young children must be shown the highway code to cross roads safely , it seems chimpanzees have taught themselves . researchers studying chimps in uganda say the apes are having to adapt to cope with increasingly busy roads cutting across their territory . they found at a busy asphalted road through the sebitoli area of kibale national park in uganda , the chimps have learned to look both ways before crossing . chimpanzees crossing a busy road in kibale national park in uganda ( above ) have learned to look for traffic . scientists discovered the chimps will also often run across roads , while dominant males will wait to ensure younger chimps cross safely . it is the first time chimpanzees have been seen to change their behaviour to adapt to busy roads . chimpanzees appear to flavour their food with herbs , researchers have suggested . dr sabrina krief , a lecturer at the national museum of natural history in paris , and her colleagues have found that wild chimpanzees in uganda eat three different types of leaf while consuming meat they had caught . they reason that if this was for medicinal purposes , different animals would eat different plants depending on their ailments . however , the animals in each group all tended to eat the same plants with their meat , suggesting they were eating them for flavour instead . dr krief and her team found that separate groups of chimpanzees at budongo forest reserve and kibale national park ate plants while chewing meat . marie cibot , a biologist at the national museum of natural history in paris , who led the work , said the spread of road infrastructure in africa was posing a growing threat to wildlife in many countries . she said : ' although the asphalted road represents a substantial threat to crossing animals , chimpanzees took into account this risk . ' more than 90 per cent of the individuals looked right and left before and while crossing . ' chimpanzees crossed in small subgroups . whole parties crossed more rapidly when chimpanzees were more numerous in the crossing groups . ' the researchers say the road in sebitoli sees around 89 motor vehicles an hour racing down it at speeds of between 40mph and 60mph . the researchers said they saw several different primates killed on the roads in the past year . however , chimpanzees living in the surrounding forests appear to have learned about the danger it poses . they watched 122 chimps cross the road over the course of two and half years . they found most of the chimps looked for traffic before crossing and as they crossed . adult chimps , like this one , tended to wait for younger chimps to cross and checked they got over safely . females with young and injured adults tended to cross less frequently . around 20 per cent of the chimps that crossed would turn to check on other members of the group to ensure they were crossing safely . they also tended to form small groups of between two to three chimpanzees that crossed at a time . chimps have been noticed to cross in similar ways on other non-asphalted roads . however , on quieter roads , adults tend to lead the group in a similar way as they do when checking for predators rather than splitting up into smaller groups . the researchers , whose work is published in the american journal of primatology , have appealed for measures to help reduce the impact roads were having on wildlife . miss cibot , who worked on the study with dr sabrina krief , a lecturer at the national museum of natural history in paris and the great ape conservation project in uganda , said bridges or underpasses could be provided to help keep chimps safe . the team are hoping to work with the ugandan authorities to test new safety measures . miss cibot said : ' these observations are relevant for our understanding of adaptive behavior among chimpanzees in human-impacted habitats . ' further investigations are needed to better evaluate the effects of busy roads on adolescent female dispersal and on their use of territories . ' mitigation measures , like bridges , underpasses , reduced speed limits , speed-bumps , signposts , or police controls , should be established in this area . '