a man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing candy crush on his phone for weeks – and didn’t even realise he was injured . the 29-year-old , who lived in california , had been playing the game all day for six to eight weeks as he had just left the military and was in between jobs . he tore the tendon , an injury which is normally quite painful , but reported he felt nothing at all . doctors who treated him said his case shows video games can numb people’s pain and this might be why some people play them excessively , and why some people become addicted or become injured while playing . a man tore a tendon in his thumb after playing the game candy crush saga on his phone for weeks - but reported he felt no pain at all ( file photo ) .  candy crush saga is a popular game that involves swiping rows of brightly coloured sweets in order to line up three matching ones and earn points . it has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012 . writing in the journal jama internal medicine , doctors describe how man came to hospital in california complaining his left thumb hurt and he couldn’t move it properly , and said he had been playing the game for weeks . they examined him and carried out mri scans on his hand , and discovered he had ruptured a tendon in his thumb , and would need surgery to repair it , livescience reports . dr andrew doan , a co-author of the case report said typically , when people rupture this tendon , they tear it at the point where it is thinnest , or where it attaches to the bone . candy crush saga has been downloaded by more than 500 million people since its launch in 2012 . violent video games in which players have to shoot enemies can actually be good for people , a university has claimed - after discovering the games give people a higher pain threshold . a study at keele university found that 40 volunteers were able to stomach pain for 65 per cent longer after playing violent ' first person shooter ' games , than those who had played a non-violent golf game . participants played both the violent and non-violent game on separate occasions for 10 minutes and then placed one of their hands in ice-cold water to test their reaction to pain . on average , participants kept their hands in the icy water for 65 per cent longer after playing the violent game , indicating that playing the game increased the participants’ pain tolerance . but in this man’s , he tore the tendon at its thickest point , which would usually cause pain before it ruptured , he told livescience journalists . this could be because when people play games , they feel pleasure and excitement , and this can cause natural painkillers to be released in the body – similar to when a person experiences a ‘runner’s high’ , he explained . this might numb the pain of an injury , but it could also explain why video games can be addictive , he added . in this case , the man was not actually addicted to candy crush , but dr doan warns people who do become hooked , and their relationships , finances and work can suffer . he advised limit gaming to half an hour a day , as studies have shown that at this level , games can have social and emotional benefits . those who have problems in their lives as a result of too much gaming should go to their doctor , and can seek help from the support group on line gamers anonymous . writing in the report , researchers said the ‘ painkiller effect’ of video games might have benefits in the right circumstances . research could consider whether video games have a role in pain management , as a non-drug alternative during painful medical procedures , they said . it might be interesting to study which video games are able to reduce the perception of pain the most , they added . 