comments : veteran broadcaster peter alliss has sparked controversy by claiming gender equality laws have backfired and ‘b*****ed up the game’ . veteran broadcaster peter alliss has sparked controversy by claiming gender equality laws have backfired and ‘b*****ed up the game’ . alliss , 84 , has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women’s membership . some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee . but the equality act 2010 , drafted by the previous labour government , ruled that this was illegal discrimination , which means that women must now have equal access to the course – and pay the same membership rates as men . mr alliss , a former professional who is one of the game’s most decorated players , claimed that tens of thousands of members of the ladies’ golf union have deserted the organisation since the rules came into force . ‘i’m told the ladies’ golf union has lost 150,000 members since equality for women came in , ’ mr alliss told the radio times . ‘ hundreds of women have left golf clubs because they’ve gone from paying half fare to full fare . it’s caused mayhem . ’ he added : ‘ equality for women : a few people battled away to get it , they got it , and they have buggered up the game for a lot of people . ’ but sam burton , finance director at the ladies’ golf union , said there has only been a decline of 30,000 women since the law came into force , taking membership down to 159,000 by last year . mrs burton said : ‘it’s not good that ladies golf is declining and we have to look at it , but i don’t think it’s the equalities legislation that is to blame . golf has been dominated by men and we are always going to be the minority in any club that is mixed . but on the whole golf is becoming much more equal . ’ rant : he added : ‘ equality for women : a few people battled away to get it , they got it , and they have buggered up the game for a lot of people . ’ she suggested that possible reasons why golf was not as popular among women included the fact that it was quite an expensive activity and that other sports such as cycling ‘ have been marketed more successfully at women’ . she added : ‘ in 2015 we have to encourage equality and i certainly wouldn’t be a member at a club where i was treated differently just because i was a woman . ‘ i think a lot of ladies would feel the same in this day and age . ’ however , tory mp philip davies said he agreed with mr alliss , adding : ‘ this is the consequence of all the legislation . the equality fanatics can’t pick and choose – they either want full equality or they don’t . if they want full equality then they are going to have to pay the same price as everybody else . ‘ i don’t suppose [ mr alliss’s ] view is outdated . his view is a factual view to be perfectly honest . he is looking at the practicalities of it . ’ the equality act applies to clubs with mixed memberships . male-only golf clubs are still legal . mr alliss became a professional golfer in 1947 , represented britain in the ryder cup eight times and won 21 tournaments in his career . he began working for the bbc in 1961 .