family and friends who travelled from around the world for an australian bride 's wedding instead face having to attend her funeral after she was allegedly murdered just a week before her big day . stephanie scott , 26 , was due marry her partner of five years , aaron leeson-woolley , in front of 120 guests in a small town in new south wales this saturday . but the english and drama teacher vanished on sunday while excitedly making final preparations for the wedding . now police have charged a man with her murder despite not having found her body , leaving her loved ones with the devastating task of continuing the search and making funeral arrangements . scroll down for video . friends and family of murdered stephanie scott were flying in from around the world to be at her big day , but now face the devastating task of planning her funeral after a man was charged with her murder . ' so in love ' : stephanie scott , pictured with her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley , was last seen on easter sunday . mystery disappearance : ms scott 's car was found by police on thursday , 7km outside of the town of griffith . the wedding guests who had flown in from as far as europe and the middle east . for days , the sisters of the missing bride-to-be posted desperate facebook messages asking friends and strangers if anyone had seen her . but on thursday morning , as it emerged 24-year-old cleaner vincent stanford had been charged with her murder , the pleas for help turned to heartbreaking tributes . ' always and forever in our hearts . that he ca n't take away from us , ' posted robyn scott , along with a photo of stephanie smiling with a water pistol in a sunny backyard . ' that 's ours to keep forever and always . ' family say the english and drama teacher was ' so in love ' ahead of what would have been one of the happiest days of her life before she vanished on easter sunday . murdered stephanie scott 's sister robyn posted a tribute along with a photo of stephanie smiling with a water pistol in a sunny backyard . stephanie 's facebook profile photo shows her on a wine tour in canberra last month for her hen party . she was smiling and wearing a veil and 'bride-to-be ' sash after she got engaged to aaron in thailand , sharing a photo of her sparkling ring with her family . in the weeks before she disappeared , she was also anticipating the arrival of her sister kim scott who was flying in from abu dhabi to attend her big day . ' righto stephanie , i 'm about to board my flight . i 'm expecting good news when i switch my phone on in sydney . i love you . xxx , ' she posted on facebook . but after arriving in perth and while making her way to sydney on monday , she got the devastating news that her younger sister had gone missing . her family knew there was no way stephanie had got ' cold feet ' and her sister said ' she just would n't run away ' . stephanie scott is pictured here in canberra last month on a wine tour for her hen 's party with her mother merrilyn . stephanie got engaged to aaron in thailand , sharing a photo of her sparkling ring with her family . on wednesday , ms scott 's fiancé thanked people for their ' outstanding ' support in trying to find her . desperate family and friends have flooded social media with dozens of messages about their search for the leeton high school drama and english teacher . kim told daily mail australia that stephanie had spent the easter weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to tahiti . she also sent a text message a month before her april 11 wedding date saying she was ' so freakin excited ' . ' she spent [ saturday ] shopping for her honeymoon . she 'd driven to griffith in the morning to get cuff links for the boys , and a bikini for the honeymoon , ' kim said . ms scott was set to wed mr leeson-woolley , at the picturesque eat your greens venue in eugowra , a tiny town in the central west region of new south wales , this saturday . stephanie was last seen at her workplace , leeton high school in leeton , 550km west of sydney , at 11am on easter sunday . she was at the school to organise work for her students to do while she was away . stephanie had texted aaron at 10am about her plans for the morning and got a pair of keys from a school colleague at 11am , but when he tried to call her at midday there was no answer . ms scott ( left ) pictured with her sister kim scott ( right ) who said she spent sunday morning picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to tahiti . a month before her planned april 11 wedding she texted her sister to say she was ' so freakin excited ' . family had travelled from all over the world to western nsw for her wedding this saturday . from left are family members robert , stuart , gordon , stephanie , robyn , kim and merrilyn . at 12.59pm on sunday afternoon , she sent an e-mail from the school to a bus company arranging transport for guests for her upcoming wedding this saturday . that was her last known activity . on sunday afternoon , aaron - who had been visiting his parents in canowindra three and a half hours away - was due to meet stephanie for dinner in leeton at 7pm , but she never showed up . he told the abc : ' i 've been with her for five years and ... [ her disappearance is ] just out of the blue , out of character for her . ' it is the worst thing i have ever been through . you ca n't eat and you ca n't sleep , ' mother merrilyn scott told aap on wednesday . ' i think today , if we do n't find her today ... you ca n't let yourself think about it but you do . ' their wedding was planned to take place at the eat your greens function centre in the nsw town of eugowra . kim scott said her sister had designed the invitations and handmade pots for the reception table placements . her family have now begun the heartbreaking task of cancelling arrangements for the wedding and have joined friends in search surrounding roads in and around leeton . ' it 's cold and we are running out of days , ' mrs scott said . her parents , who should have been preparing for her wedding then changed their plans to hire a helicopter to join the desperate search for their daughter . while police still do n't know her whereabouts , her car has now been found 7km outside of griffith and police are searching nearby waterways for her body . police still do not know the whereabouts of 26-year-old ms scott , who was last seen at leeton high school . family say the 26-year-old is ' so in love ' with her fiancé and quickly shot down speculation she had cold feet . a department of education spokesman said counselling is being made available to leeton high school staff , and will be offered to students on the students ' return to school . they have also arrested vincent stanford who is expected to appear before griffith local court later today charged with ms scott 's murder . on wednesday , police released an image of the car stephanie was travelling in , a red mazda 3 sedan with the nsw registration bz-19-cd . police are asking for anyone who may have seen an older model , white toyota hilux space-cab 2wd with a canopy travelling in or around leeton since sunday to come forward with information . anyone with information should call crime stoppers on 1800 333 000 or griffith police on 6969 4310 . ms scott 's sister kim had flown to australia from abu dhabi for the wedding , only to learn of her disappearance when she arrived . her sister kim ( centre ) said she ms scott ( right ) the weekend picking up last-minute things for her wedding and honeymoon to tahiti with her fiance ( left ) . saturday april 4 : stephanie scott drives 45 minutes to nearby griffith to pick up cuff links for the groomsmen and a bikini for her honeymoon to tahiti . saturday 1pm : a friend sees ms scott at woolworths in leeton . saturday 7pm : ms scott talks to her sister robyn on the phone for 55 minutes , expressing how excited she is about her upcoming wedding . sunday 10am : she texts her fiancé aaron leeson-woolley to tell him about her plans for the morning . sunday 11am : ms scott meets a colleague at her workplace - leeton high school - to pick up a set of keys . sunday midday : mr leeson-woolley tries to call ms scott but she does not answer . sunday 12.59pm : ms scott sends an email from the school to the bus company she has hired for her wedding . sunday 7pm : ms scott fails to show up for a planned dinner date with her fiancé in leeton . monday 3pm : mr leeson-woolley reports to police that ms scott is missing . monday 4pm : family members start posting on facebook asking for help in locating ms scott . tuesday 11.54am : 48 hours after she was last seen , police appeal for public assistance to locate ms scott , saying they are investigating the circumstances surrounding her disappearance . tuesday afternoon : police door knock houses in the area surrounding leeton high school . tuesday night : police search the school . wednesday 8.37am : ms scott 's sister kim , who fears her car may have rolled of the road , asks public to help search along roads in the area . wednesday 11.12am : police release an image of a car similar to ms scott 's missing red mazda 3 sedan . wednesday afternoon : family hire a helicopter to search the area for her car . wednesday 7.30pm : police arrest a 24-year-old man at his home on maiden avenue in leeton . he is expected to be charged with ms scott 's murder . ms scott was last seen at her workplace , leeton high school ( pictured ) , about 11am easter sunday .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .