south korea 's kim sei-young spectacularly eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ana inspiration on friday as lydia ko 's record-equalling run came to an end . the 22-year-old kim , who won her maiden lpga tour title at the pure silk-bahamas lpga classic in february , struck a superb second shot to six feet on her final hole and knocked in the putt to card a seven-under-par 65 at mission hills country club . that left the korean at seven-under 137 in the first women 's major of the season , two ahead of overnight leader morgan pressel , who followed her opening 67 with a 72 . lydia ko looks for her ball in the water on the 18th hole during the second round . long-hitting american brittany lincicome , the 2009 champion at mission hills , fired a 68 to finish at four under , level with korean jenny shin ( 69 ) and scotland 's catriona matthew ( 69 ) . kim , who had returned a 72 in the first round , birdied four of her first nine holes to claw her way up the leaderboard . she picked up further shots at the 11th and 15th before making her only bogey of the day at the 16th , then ended her round in eagle style . ' i really hit the ball good and putted really good , ' said kim , who is playing in only her third major championship . ' i 'm very happy . ' yesterday i adjust a little bit my putting ... now i see the line better . ' ko missed out on recording her 30th successive under-par round . pressel , who at 18 became the youngest winner of a women 's major at the 2007 kraft nabisco championship held at mission hills , was a frustrated figure after shooting a level-par 72 . ' i had to fight a little bit harder today , ' said the 26-year-old american . ' my swing was n't quite as sharp as it was yesterday . i made some sloppy bogeys and some really good pars . but i give myself a chance for the weekend . ' ko 's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par on the lpga tour came to end when the world no 1 bogeyed two of her last four holes for a 73 and a level-par total of 144 . the 17-year-old , who has already won six lpga titles , had a chance to dip under par after hitting a perfect tee shot down the 18th but her attempt to lay up with a six-iron failed as her ball ran through the fairway into a pond in front of the green . sei young kim of south korea has a two-shot lead at the halfway point . penalised a stroke , she hit her fourth shot to 12 feet above the hole from where she two-putted for a bogey six . ' it was 169 ( yards ) to the end of the fairway and it was still 20 yards after that with the rough so i thought a six-iron would be okay , even it flew out of there , ' ko told golf channel . ' obviously it was n't the right club . i would love to have had a birdie opportunity there . ' however , ko was happy enough to have matched hall of famer annika sorenstam 's record run of 29 consecutive sub-par rounds . ' you just go out there , try and have fun , try to shoot the lowest you can , ' said the pony-tailed new zealander . ' now it 's over but 29 is not too bad . ' 