a recruiting army sergeant raped a female cadet after telling her cousin ' i hope she is as sweet as she looks ' , a court heard today . edwin ' jock ' mee , 46 , who now lives in scotland , allegedly targeted 11 cadets , aged between 15 and 25 , many of whom were young black women , on a military base in south london , during the army interview and screening process . it is claimed that the divorced father-of-five went on to rape one of the cadets at the mitcham barracks army careers and information office in croydon . edwin ' jock ' mee arriving at southwark crown court , where he is facing 16 counts of sexual assault and two rapes . it is claimed that he hold the cousin of his alleged victim ' i hope she is as sweet as she looks ' . today , the cousin of mee 's alleged rape victim told jurors at southwark crown court that she called the sergeant after becoming concerned he wanted to start a sexual relationship with the cadet . she told the court : ' what he said was `` do n't worry , i will take care of her , i hope she is as sweet as she looks '' . ' but when she asked mee to repeat what he has said she explained how he went quiet and then hung up . lisa wilding qc , for mee , then asked the witness : ' in light of what she had told you about her concerns about him wanting a relationship , if that was said it must have made you quite concerned ? ' mee , formerly of south london , but who now lives in scotland , has denied all the charges against him . she replied : ' obviously ... it came across as inappropriate to me and the meaning i get from that was it had some sexual undertones . ' the witness also claimed that during the phone call , mee told her ' i will give it to her hard or rough . ' ms wilding then asked : ' the man you have concerns about has just told you he is going to have rough sex with your cousin , what did you do about that ? ' the witness replied : ' after our conversation i did tell her that i want to talk it over based on the conversation i had with the gentleman and she said to me it will hamper her application . ' i asked her if he had threatened her and she said “ just leave it , i’m not going to encourage him” . ' i said , well , it was dangerous , ’ she told the court . ' culturally there are certain things , especially when it involves my younger relative - culturally and religiously ... it was very difficult for me to report that . ‘ those things , to say them for me , i am religious , it was difficult . ’ ms wilding then asked : ‘ why did you not immediately ring the army officer and ask to speak to one of his superiors - did you think that was appropriate , that way to speak ? ’ she replied : ‘ of course , hence my visit there but i was in the middle of going against what she was preventing me to do and so at the same time how was i going to complain without strong evidence that this man had said that ? ' i was waiting to see what would happen next . ' ‘ i feel like i have let her down - she was in my care , i was her guardian , ’ she added . earlier mee’s alleged victim told the court she had ‘ no reason to lie’ . she insisted : ' i swear by my parents - mother and father’s grave and the koran ... that this happened . ’ mee was british army recruiting sergeant at mitcham barracks in croydon ( pictured ) in the careers and information office . mee denies 17 counts of sexual assault , three counts of rape and one count of assault by penetration between october 2010 and september 2011 . the alleged offences were initially investigated by the royal military police , before the case was then handed to the metropolitan police . the trial , which is expected to run for six weeks , continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .