if virgil van dijk is absent from the shortlists for this season’s player of the year awards , celtic will surely fire off a stiff missive seeking clarification on the reasons . the prospect of a treble evaporated last sunday , an afternoon ronny deila now describes as the worst of his career . ‘ i sat and stared at the walls , ’ said the norwegian of the aftermath . eight points clear of aberdeen with five games left to play , however , his outlook is suddenly brighter . dundee 's simon ferry ( left ) tussles for possession with celtic 's james forrest ( right ) on wednesday night . celtic 's jason denayer ( left ) challenges greg stewart ( right ) during the scottish premiership match . dundee 's paul mcginn ( left ) and celtic 's james forrest ( right ) battle for the ball at den 's park on wednesday . dundee ( 4-4-2 ) : bain , mcginn , konrad , mcpake , dyer , ferry ( davidson 69 ) , mcalister , harris ( tankulic 59 ) , mcginn , stewart , heffernan . subs not used : letheren , clarkson , black , wighton , colquhoun . booked : ferry , mcpake . scorers : mcalister 87 . celtic ( 4-4-2 ) : gordon , ambrose emuobo , van dijk , denayer , izaguirre ( tierney 81 ) , bitton , brown , forrest ( commons 76 ) , armstrong , mackay-steven , griffiths ( guidetti 76 ) . subs not used : stokes , scepovic , zaluska , fisher . scorers : mackay-steven 32 , van dijk 63 . referee : calum murray . attendance : 8 , 908 . a fourth successive title looks to be a question of when and not if . it could even happen at pittodrie on may 10 , where van dijk scored the most significant of his impressive 10-goal haul back in november . he was at it again last night , thrashing home his second 20-yard free-kick in as many games . ever the perfectionist , his manager still wants more . ‘ virgil has shown that ability also last season with his free-kicks . we can also see it in training , so he has to use it more . ‘ it became a very good night and we have put ourselves in a very good position . eight points ahead with five games to go — and the goal difference as well . we just have to keep on performing and putting pressure on aberdeen . ’ last sunday , van dijk’s early strike against inverness was overtaken by events . here , his thrashing effort past dundee keeper scott bain earned celtic the two-goal lead which ultimately repelled a late rally from the hosts . jim mcalister’s goal in the 87th minute was too little , too late . celtic 's gary mackay-steven ( top ) jumps over the challenge from dundee 's willie dyer ( bottom ) . celtic striker leigh griffiths ( right ) goes close with an effort on goal against dundee on wednesday night . celtic had claimed the lead in 32 minutes and , with painful predictability , it was laced with more refereeing controversy . it was fairly mild stuff in contrast with sunday — and the irony of celtic being the beneficiaries here will be lost on no one . this is a week when scottish referees are destined to be hoist by their own petard . a week when every error , minor or major , will be punished to the maximum . the row over the josh meekings’ hand-ball in the scottish cup semi-final defeat rumbles on but there will be no parkhead postage stamps wasted this time . there will be no disputing the free-kick which teed up gary mackay-steven’s superbly struck opener . paul hartley may have other ideas . ‘ there were some decisions which i thought were quite bizarre , ’ said the dundee manager . ‘ referees are always under pressure but after what’s happened the last few days , the scrutiny is always going to be on them . ’ it was calum murray’s turn to be placed in football’s equaivalent of a thumbscrew last night . a nondescript 32 minutes had passed without incident or urgency when a promising move by the visitors was interrupted by a barge on mackay-steven 30 yards from goal . it was a free-kick . murray , rightly , played a good advantage before leigh griffiths immediately tripped over the ball and lost possession . the loss of the advantage was self-inflicted , yet to howls of derision from the home support , murray pulled the play back for a celtic free-kick . what came next was inevitable . stuart armstrong thumped a long ball towards the back post , van dijk headed it firmly across the area and mackay-steven gathered on the edge of the box , rasping the ball into the top corner . dundee’s sense of injustice was merely compounded by a penalty claim before half-time when jason denayer bumped into greg stewart . it wasn’t a penalty . yet manager hartley’s pursuit of the officials reflected a broader frustration with his team . afterwards he bemoaned the lack of ‘ cutting edge’ from his team . he wasn’t wrong . stuart armstrong ( right ) is challenged and sent hurtling to the ground by dundee 's ferry at den 's park . mackay-steven fires celtic into the lead with a cool finish following a snaking run through the dundee box . against a parkhead side missing adam matthews and stefan johansen , the dark blues struggled to make inroads until the late mcalister strike . celtic were little better in the opening stages . the opening goal from mackay-steven relaxed them markedly . griffiths was unable to turn the ball back into the net from an acute angle after emilio izaguirre’s cross was nodded across the face of the goal by james forrest . the disputed free-kick changed things . with the lead they had cherished , celtic seized the game by the scruff of the neck . they should have made it two in 43 minutes . nir bitton’s scuffed , mishit shot from the edge of the area fell kindly at the feet of forrest in an onside position . the winger had time and opportunity to drive it home , but hit an unconvincing effort at just the right height for bain to pluck the ball out of the air . denayer’s clash with stewart — a nondescript affair unworthy of a spot kick — provoked the ire and frustration of hartley . celtic had undeniably enjoyed a break from the referee for their first . there could be no real complaints over the free-kick which reaped their second in 63 minutes . james mcpake clattered into armstrong 20 yards from goal . it was the same proximity as last sunday’s opener at hampden — and the same devastating result . like ryan esson for inverness , the dundee keeper had little or no chance of stopping the van dijk free-kick which killed the game . the dutchman stepped up and thrashed the ball into the top of the net . the game , to all intents and purposes , was done . late on , substitute luka tankulic miscued from close range after van dijk made a hash of a downward defensive header , but mcalister finished in composed fashion with three minutes to play after paul mcginn’s progress down the right flank ended in a low cross . celtic survived . ‘ it always becomes a little bit more nervy at the end , ’ said a relieved , buoyant deila , ‘ but there weren’t too many chances . we were maybe a little bit naive , but we won the game and that was the most important thing . ’ griffiths is held off by dundee's thomas konrad ( right ) during the scottish premiership match on wednesday . celtic defender virgil van dijk doubles celtic 's lead with a stunning free-kick against dundee at den 's park . van dijk is mobbed by his team-mates as they celebrate a 2-0 lead over dundee at den 's park .