he 's used to picking up running backs but will soon be picking up fares as miami dolphins defensive tackle aj francis takes up a second job as an uber taxi driver . the 6ft 5in , 330lb nfl player is a regular user of the taxi app and yesterday told fans that he had sent them a job application , explaining ' it would be a cool way to get some extra cash ' . the pro footballer also took to twitter to explain the decision , stating : ' people ask me why would you want to be an uber driver if you play in the nfl ... you know what 's better than nfl money ? more money . ' second job : dolphins defensive tackle aj francis has sent an application to taxi app uber as he wants be a driver during the off-season to earn extra cash . unusual decision : francis plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm during the sport 's off-season - a rare occurrence considering the money that professional players earn today . francis plans to work for the $ 40billion taxi firm during the sport 's off-season - a rare occurrence considering the money that professional players earn today . speaking to new york daily news , he said : ' i 've been using the app for two years and every driver i talk to says it really helps supplement their income . ' i always worked odd jobs . i mowed lawns in summer and shoveled snow in the winter . i got a job in a deli cutting meat . i was a bouncer at a night club in college . ' i 'd go wherever they pay me to take them . the customer is always right . ' curt response : the 24-year-old offers his reason for wanting to become an uber driver on twitter yesterday . francis , who played his college ball at maryland , is set to make $ 510,000 next season , according to nfl salary website over the cap - but still plans to work for uber during the off-season . francis recently bought an impressive white dodge charger with black trim and will use the car to ferry passengers around fort lauderdale when he becomes a certified uber driver . uber is one of a number of apps people can use to book and pay for taxi journeys . launched in 2009 and currently in operation in more than 250 cities across 55 countries , the app makes cities more accessible for people by ‘ seamlessly connecting riders to drivers’ , according to the company website . the app detects the gps on a mobile device and finds the nearest available driver . users can track the vehicle , pay with their phone , and even split the fare with friends using a credit card system . the player is yet to feature in an nfl regular season game but says he 's desperate to begin making a contribution on the field . francis , who played his college ball at maryland , is set to make $ 510,000 next season , according to nfl salary website over the cap . in a tweet about his latest venture , he wrote : ' just applied to be an uber driver ... i hope my background check goes well . ' one fan quickly commented on the post writing : ' are you serious about the uber thing ? i 'm pretty sure i 've never heard of an nfl player moonlighting as a driver . ' francis then replied : ' my first job was behind a deli counter . in college i worked as a nightclub bouncer . i 'm a fan of odd jobs lol . ' twitter exchange : a fan expresses his surprise at the nfl player 's decision to become an uber driver . odd-job man : the 6ft 5in , 330lb nfl player claimed after regularly using the taxi app he decided to send an application to work for them , explaining ' it would be a cool way to get some extra cash ' .