masters champion jordan spieth is back to work this week at the rbc heritage classic after two days celebrating his victory at augusta national and being showered with attention . spieth arrived at sea pines resort late tuesday night after a media whirlwind in new york since tying tiger woods ' masters record of 18-under 270 to capture the green jacket . the 21-year-old said it was a dizzying stretch with 26 appearances and interviews in 25 hours . ' it was a little crazy in new york having paparazzi know where we were going to eat dinner even though we never told anybody , ' spieth said wednesday . spieth does n't believe the success will change him . in fact , he said he upheld his commitment to the rbc heritage in part to chase down rory mcilroy for world no . 1 . ' i would n't come to a tournament just to come to a tournament , especially with that goal still in mind , ' said spieth , who moved to no . 2 in the world rankings with the masters ' win . jordan spieth returns to golf just days after winning the masters and will play in the rbc heritage classic . spieth has had two victories and two runner-up finishes in his past four events . he would have liked to have had his normal pre-tournament preparations at harbour town golf links . instead , he 'll go into his first-round tee time thursday not having played a hole of practice on the tricky , pete dye-designed layout . ' i 'm sure jordan 's wiped , ' said kevin streelman , the par-3 contest winner at augusta national last week who finished tied for 12th behind spieth . ' but he 's 21 years old , he can handle it . ' spieth has had success here the previous two years , finishing ninth in 2013 and 12th last year . the rbc heritage gave him an invite two years ago when spieth was a rising , yet largely unknown 19 -year-old trying to make his way on tour . the top-10 finish , spieth said , helped his confidence and status on the pga tour . ' this tournament helped with job security , ' spieth said . ' so it 's a tournament that 's close to me and i love it here . ' the 21-year-old was in formidable form at augusta and equaled tiger woods ' tournament birdie record . most masters champions - and many of the game 's best players - take the next week off after a pressure-packed week at augusta national . spieth heads a group of five ranked in the top 20 of the world ( no . 10 jim furyk , no . 14 patrick reed , no . 17 matt kuchar and no . 19 billy horschel are the others ) to compete this week . streelman enjoys playing right after a major , knowing his game is honed in and peaking after a grand slam event . ' your game is really primed and amped up , ' he said . ' i 'm very prepared . ' kuchar is the tournament 's defending champion , holing out from a green-side bunker on the 72nd hole to defeat luke donald by a stroke . spieth 's success has him atop the fedex cup standings , the youngest player ever to lead that category . spieth celebrates after putting the winning hole and winning the masters at such a young age . there have only been two masters winners the past 15 years to follow up their victories by playing harbour town . vijay singh tied for third here in 2000 a week after winning the masters while zach johnson was sixth in 2007 . only bernhard langer is 1985 followed a masters victory with a triumph a week later at the rbc heritage . spieth believes he 'll be the same driven , focused competitor he 's always been after winning the major he dreamed of as a child . that might be difficult after this week 's spotlight . spieth got congratulatory tweets from stars like oklahoma city 's kevin durant and about 200 texts and emails since the victory . ' given some time , that will subside a little bit , ' he said . what wo n't ease up , spieth said , is his desire to achieve the very best in golf , a quest that continues at harbour town . ' i was very much looking forward to getting back here , getting on solid ground and taking a deep breath , ' spieth said . ' i 'm really looking forward to this week . '