comedian rik mayall failed to leave a valid will to deal with his £1.2 million estate , which experts say could leave his family with a large inheritance tax bill . mayall , who played scheming tory mp alan b’stard in itv series the new statesman , and a host of other comedy characters , died suddenly aged 56 last june . but probate records reveal he had no will – even though he suffered serious head injuries and nearly died in a quad-bike accident in 1998 – which could mean complications for his wife of 29 years , barbara , and their three adult children . scroll down for video . legacy : rik mayall is pictured in 1999 with his wife barbara and their children after his quad bike accident . his estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds which would not have been payable if he had left everything to his wife . lawyers have always advised that people should have a valid will to avoid tax pitfalls . mayall , one of the leading ‘alternative’ comics of the 1980s , surprised doctors by making a good recovery after his accident and returned to work in 1999 , but he developed epilepsy and took daily medication . rik mayall ( pictured ) died suddenly aged 56 last june . his personal estate would be divided according to government intestacy rules , which take into account marital status , children or surviving relatives . andrew kidd , a specialist probate solicitor and partner in london law firm clintons , said that mayall’s children would be automatically entitled to a share of his net estate of £1,192,701 after funeral and legal expenses , meaning they could inherit an amount liable for inheritance tax . but mr kidd said the amount of any tax payable would depend on the value of mayall’s chattels or personal belongings which would go to his wife under intestacy rules . mr kidd said that the rules for a married father like mayall meant his wife would be due to receive £250,000 plus all his ‘chattels’ , which would include any personally owned cars , furniture , ornaments , books and jewellery . by law , mayall’s children would then automatically get half the remaining value of the estate , creating a potential tax bill if the amount is more than the inheritance tax limit of £325,000 . mayall’s widow would have received a life interest in the remaining half – meaning she could not touch or transfer that money but could claim interest on it . mr kidd added that mayall’s family could seek to avoid the tax by drawing up a deed of variation to split up his estate , reducing any sum left to the children so it was below the tax threshold . mrs mayall declined to discuss the estate and the apparent lack of a will . at her home in south-west london she said : ‘ i haven’t heard anything from my lawyers yet . ’ how the ( tory-hating ) geniuses behind alan b’stard helped david cameron into no 10 . he 's the man behind the most roguish tory mp of all – the arrogant , preening alan b’stard , star of the hit television comedy the new statesman . yet writer laurence marks also played a crucial role in getting david cameron into downing street , it can be revealed . in the 1990s , mr marks lived in the oxfordshire constituency of witney , where mr cameron would later become mp . he and his writing partner maurice gran had become local celebrities owing to the success of the new statesman , which ran from 1987 to 1994 . roguish : rik mayall as alan b'stard in the comedy the new statesman . david cameron is pictured right . although marks was a committed labour supporter and gran was a liberal democrat , the then chairman of the local conservative association , joyce sanderson , sought their views on who should contest the seat for the tories at the 1997 general election . against their advice , witney conservatives went for the one option the pair strongly advised against – shaun woodward . he would cause a political storm two years after being elected as an mp by defecting to labour . so next time the seat came up for grabs , the opinions of mr marks and mr gran were clearly more respected . when they were introduced to all five on the shortlist to fight witney at the 2001 election , they plumped for an ambitious young man called david cameron , who won the seat with a majority of nearly 8,000 . ‘ when they selected woodward , i told them , “you’re making a dreadful mistake , ” said mr marks , 66 , last night . ‘ out of the five they introduced to us the next time around , david cameron was by far the best . ' he was very bright and understood things but we never guessed he would be prime minister . joyce knew my political views but she thought it was good to have an outside opinion . i’m a member of the labour party but i admire certain tories , otherwise we wouldn’t have created alan b’stard . ‘ david cameron is a lovely fellow – a really nice man . he used to come to my place for tea with his wife samantha . we’ve remained friends . i think the nation likes him . ‘ when he got into no 10 , he sent us a lovely handwritten letter , saying , “ thank you so much , i wouldn’t be here without you two . ” ’ asked for his views on ed miliband , mr marks said : ‘ i don’t know him . i don’t think anybody knows him . he’s an unknown quantity . if you vote for him , you’re voting blind . ’  