heroin dealer patrick revins was identified by undercover police because he has his initials - ' p ' and ' r ' - tattooed on either side of his forehead . a bungling drug dealer was caught selling heroin by an undercover police officer who recognised him because he has his initials tattooed on his face . patrick revins , 49 , sold £10-worth of the class a drug , which was hidden in a kinder egg , to the policeman in november 2013 , a court was told . the detective was easily able to identify who sold him the drugs - as revins has ' p ' and ' r ' tattooed on either side of his forehead . revins , at stoke-on-trent crown court yesterday , admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to a year in jail . that will be added to the 27-month prison sentence he is already serving for possession of knives . revins ' tattoos were also his downfall last year when he walked into a branch of barclays in hanley , staffordshire , armed with a large bread knife . bank staff asked him to leave after he was muttering about how he was ' going to do ' someone . he then lifted his top and pulled the knife from the front of his trousers . revins put the blade back into his trousers and left the bank but was arrested 20 minutes later after staff identified him by his distinctive tattoos . police seized a large kitchen knife with an eight-inch blade . two days later , while on bail , revins was stopped again , and found to be carrying a bayonet and a large carving knife . police arrested him again . at yesterday 's hearing , prosecutor joanne barker told judge paul glenn that revins was caught by undercover police alongside fellow drug dealer nathan davenport , 37 . ms barker said : ' davenport first came to the attention of the police in september 2013 . revins , at stoke-on-trent crown court ( pictured ) yesterday , admitted one count of supplying heroin and was sentenced to 12 months in jail . revins was caught by undercover police alongside fellow drug dealer nathan davenport ( pictured ) . ' the undercover police officer met with another man who took him to an address where the two defendants were living . ' nathan davenport took them to a van and wrote down his contact details before handing over £20 worth of heroin . ' the next occasion the police operative met up with davenport , the operative saw patrick revins there . ' in november , the operative saw patrick revins . mr revins asked the operative what he wanted and he said heroin . mr revins took some from a kinder egg and gave it to him for £10 . ' davenport pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply class a drugs between september 2013 and march 2014 and was jailed for 45 months . andrew jackson , defending davenport , said : ' he is a man who has been bedeviled by a strong addiction of drugs . ' joanne wallbanks , representing revins , added : ' this was a one-off supply from his own drugs with no indication of being involved with anybody else .