a woman who suffers daily abuse because she has a beard is thrilled after learning she will be undergoing laser treatment to get rid of her facial hair for good . mother-of-two cheryl howe , 32 , from morecambe , was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome ( pcos ) at the age of 12 , and suffers from excessive hair growth on her face , breasts , stomach and legs . she has been fighting for six years for treatment on the nhs , spending £2,000 a year on razors , and shaving up to three times a day . scroll down for video . cheryl , pictured with her daughter sharon who is now 14 , was diagnosed with pcos at the age of 12 . she suffers from excessive hair growth on her face , breasts , stomach and legs . along the way she 's had support from celebrities such as kym marsh , ted robbins and edwina currie . she finally got approved for nhs funding for laser hair removal treatment , which costs a minimum of £10,000 . cheryl has had initial appointments and is booked in for september this year . she said : ' i 'm going to be a real girl and i ca n't wait . ' i was in tears when i found out . i 've suffered years and years of abuse and finally something is happening . ' my hair growth has cost me jobs , relationships - it even ruined my first few years with my daughter . i could n't be a mum or a wife , because i just did n't feel like a woman . ' cheryl suddenly began growing hair on her chest and legs at the age of 12 . she had heavy periods from the age of eight . the 32-year-old says her body hair , shown here growing on her arm , has cost her jobs and relationships . cheryl fought for six years for treatment on the nhs before finally getting approved . she says she had to shave up to three times a day to keep her face , chin and neck stubble-free . the mother-of-two is booked in for the £10,000 treatment in september this year , to tackle unsightly hair on her stomach , face and chest . she says : ' i was bullied and beaten up at school . i used to get called gorilla and cheesy cheryl . ' she was diagnosed with pcos and doctors prescribed the contraceptive pill , believing that her problems would improve . cheryl says : ' the pill did n't help at all . i had periods for 28 days a month and the hair just kept on growing . i had thick hair on my face , breasts , stomach and legs . ' my older brother , john , taught me how to shave my face and i had to shave two or three times a day . ' cheryl was warned she would be unlikely to be able to have a baby , but at 17 , she had a one-night stand and gave birth to her daughter sharon , now 14 . cheryl says : ' he was the first boy to ever show me any attention and i had a one-night stand . but i ca n't regret it , because my daughter came along . ' but with so many personal issues of her own , sharon struggled with motherhood . she walked out on her daughter , leaving her own mother to care for her . her doctors believed she had suffered a nervous breakdown . she gradually formed a bond with her daughter - but doctors then found two cancerous tumours on her ovary . they were removed , and she was told she would be unable to conceive again . but in january 2008 , she fell pregnant for a second time with her son , jack , now six . this time , the bond was instant and she adored him . cheryl says : ' jack made me see life through his eyes . he would cuddle me and say : `` mummy , i do n't mind your prickles . '' ' his kindness melted my heart . ' cheryl with her son jack , now six-years-old ( left ) and brother ( right ) , called john , who taught her how to shave . cheryl now has a great relationship with her children sharon , 12 , and jack , six , pictured . but her relationship with jack 's father broke down , because , cheryl says , he was unable to cope with her excess hair . she says : ' when we got together , he insisted he did n't mind . but no man likes to see their partner shaving their chest , boobs and chin . it drove us apart . ' she has also been targeted by trolls on the internet . following last year 's eurovision song contest , featuring bearded drag queen act conchita wurst , she received facebook messages saying : ' did you see yourself on television last night ? ' and ' can you see the resemblance ? ' cheryl says : ' i had messages pushed through my door and i became too afraid even to go out . i lost my job and my self-esteem was very low . ' but i got lots of support too . people from all over the world apologised for what was said to me . even conchita wurst sent me a message saying `` i really apologise , you should n't be penalised . '' ' we are all unique . people should judge a person by who they are , not what they look like . ' the morecambe mother-of-two is pictured with her sisters sheridan ( left ) and danielle ( right ) . cheryl has constantly campaigned for treatment for women whose lives are blighted by the condition . she set up the inspiration foundation forum and support group , which currently has 7,000 girls and women with pcos as members , and has had support from edwina currie , kym marsh and ted robbins . cheryl also has a campaign page called stand up to pcos . she has now finally received confirmation that she will receive the funding for the treatment . she says : ' my daughter , sharon , gave me a hug for the first time in years . i hope this might bring us closer . ' jack says he loves me and my prickles . he does n't mind how i look . ' this is n't cosmetic . i have a disfigurement . it 's horrendous that i 've had to wait so long for it . ' i just want to concentrate on the future now . i ca n't wait to be a real girl at last . ' 