a woman who bought cheap hair extensions in a bid to look glamorous ended up with an infection and a hole in her head . tina campbell , from london , paid £100 for the weave but was forced to seek urgent medical attention after her scalp became infected . however , tina , who spent the day of her 29th birthday in bandages , said the incident has not deterred her from hair hair extensions again . scroll down for video . tina campbell paid £100 for hair extensions - and was left with a hole in her head . a close up of one of the boils which developed on her scalp .  miss campbell , who works as a showbiz writer , said : ' everyone wants luxurious locks like kim kardashian and cheryl fernandez-versini , but what if you could get them at a fraction of the cost ? ' said miss campbell . ' that was the proposition when i met up with a friend who suddenly had the most amazing , long , flowing blonde hair . ' she told me it’s a weave and she got it done at an african hair shop . ' i asked whether it was just for afro hair but she said it was fine , adding that they would put my hair into cornrows and then sew the extensions in . tina campbell looks glamorous with her new glossy hair extensions . a few weeks after having the weave , she developed painful boils . ' i couldn’t believe it when she told me the cheap price – it was £45 for a full head , while some salons charge hundreds , or even thousands . ' having struggled to grow my own hair and often experimenting with clip-ins , i soon found myself getting it done too . ' being able to go to bed with perfect hair and wake up with it was a revelation . people would always comment on how nice it looked and i was hooked . ' miss campbell said that after the extensions had gone their course , instead of going back to the same place that she had them done before , she decided to save time and go somewhere closer to home . tina spent her 29th birthday in bandages after her hair extension nightmare ( left and right ) . ' the stylist at the salon in welling , south east london , did not fill me with confidence , ' she said . ' she was vague when discussing the price , and simply waved me to sit down so she could start there and then . i could see the needles sitting on the side in blue antiseptic liquid . ' i didn’t have a great feeling about the place but i wanted them done for an event that night so i bit the bullet . ' they ended up charging me £100 – way more than last time . ' however , miss campbell said that a few weeks after having them put in , her scalp started to itch unbearably and she started to notice small lumps forming . ' concerned , i took them out , but the lumps – one on top of my head and a cluster lower down towards my neck – seemed to grow and harden , ' she said . ' the doctor said they were boils , which i’d never had before , and said to bathe them . ' instead of looking pretty on her 29th birthday , tina spent the day in bandages after having the boils surgically removed . miss campbell said that days later , pus began oozing from the one on top of her head , which although looked disgusting , seemed to ease it . ' not so for the others though , ' she added . ' they were fusing together and causing the area to swell . the pain was excruciating and i’d stay up with my head in my hands , willing it to stop . ' then , the night before my birthday , the lumps burst and thick red , lumpy liquid seeped out that burned as it touched the raw skin . ' less than 24 hours later , i was lying on a hospital bed having a section of my head shaved . ' fully awake and shaking with fear , i gritted my teeth as a doctor cut a hole into my skull to drain the infection . ' despite having had nine needles injected into my head to try and numb the area , i could still feel it and the sound of scalpel on bone was like something from a horror movie . ' i told the doctor to shave it all off , but thankfully it didn’t come to that . ' i had to wear the bandage on my head for three weeks afterwards , making out-patient visits to have the hole in my head filled with a special material and the dressing replaced . looking good : tina , pictured on the red carpet while covering the oscars , says despite her experiences , she has not been put off having hair extensions . ' the medical opinion was that the cause had been a dirty needle used to sew the extensions in . my doctor said that it could have nicked my scalp as the hair was attached to the cornrows . ' miss campbell said that when confronted , the salon owner was adamant it was the hair itself that was the cause , and as the customer had provided it , was not down to her . ' shortly afterwards , the salon changed its name and has since closed down , ' added miss campbell . ' since then , i’ve sporadically had similar abscesses develop on other parts of my body , including one which had to be cut out of my lower spine . it’s horrid as aside from painful , they leave scars . ' doctors as yet are unable to find a cause and keep advising me get tested for diabetes every few months . ' research online shows that my case is not an isolated incident . ' while one pointed the finger at extensions made from real human hair , i disagree as mine were synthetic . ' despite her grim experience , miss campbell said the experience has not put her off . ' call me crazy , but after leaving it a while , i gradually began to experiment with extensions again , ' she said . 'it’s a confidence thing i guess , especially when on a red carpet waiting to interview people who constantly have their hair coiffed to perfection . 'i’ve worn wigs in the past , but prefer extensions which give you so much more freedom . ' ultimately , i think that the key is to just know who is doing your hair and if you get a bad feeling , no matter what the bargain , don’t take the risk . it 's not worth it . '