these days , gazza is a celebrity associated with tears , and battles against drink and depression . but , nearly a quarter of a century ago , paul gascoigne was just a footballer . not an ordinary footballer - he was a brilliantly talented maverick , but still a footballer . and 24 years ago today , he scored what was arguably the finest goal of his career . there are some who might say it was the finest goal ever scored at wembley . the other main contender for that prize is probably another of his , for england against scotland at euro 96 . paul gascoigne hits the 35-yard free-kick that would cement his place in tottenham legend . the spurs midfielder struck a ferocious shot that has gone down as one of the all-time great goals at wembley . gascoigne 's goal came five minutes into an fa cup semi-final against tottenham 's arch-rivals , arsenal . gunners goalkeeper david seaman ( right ) got his hands to the ball but the power on gascoigne 's shot still beat him . but april 14 , 1991 was fa cup semi-final day . tottenham hotspur vs arsenal . fierce rivals battling it out for a place in the final when the oldest cup competition in football meant so much to every club that entered . arsenal won the league that year . but had you asked their fans at wembley that day whether they would rather win the title or the fa cup having knocked out spurs , and many would have opted for the latter . they did n't get the choice , however , and that was because of gascoigne . it took him just five minutes to make the indelible mark . tottenham won a free-kick 35 yards from goal . nobody suspected much . certainly not barry davies , who was commentating on the game for the bbc . gascoigne runs towards the spurs fans to celebrate as vinny samways ( left ) joins the wild scenes . the then england star leaps into the air to celebrate his glorious strike at the home of football . gascoigne 's goal set spurs on their way to a 3-1 victory , and they would go on to beat nottingham forest in the final . ' is gascoigne going to have a crack ? , ' he asked . it was a relaxed , throwaway question . ' he is you know , ' came the next line shortly after , excitement barely registering . gascoigne took a run-up at the ball , and swung hard with his right boot . he nailed it , right on the sweet spot . the shot quickly became a cannonball , bursting through david seaman 's gloves and into the top corner of the net , despite the goalkeeper getting his hands to the ball . ' oh i say ! ' screamed davies , whose commentary would now go down in legend as well as the goal . ' brilliant ! ' spurs fans celebrated wildly in the stands . ' that ... is ... schoolboy 's own stuff . oh , i bet even he ca n't believe it . ' is there anything left from this man to surprise us ? that is one of the finest free-kicks this stadium has ever seen . ' it was , and still is . 24 years from now it still will be . so let 's forget for a moment about the gazza we know today , and simply celebrate the genius of paul gascoigne . ( left-right ) david howells , steve sedgley , justin edinburgh and paul stewart join gascoigne to celebrate at the end of the match .