they may look like as if they come from a plague epidemic , but these photos show the shocking amounts of bacteria that grow on money . thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on banknotes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets . the experiment , which involved treating the coins and notes in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be . thousands of bacteria colonies were discovered on notes and coins chosen at random from scientists’ pockets . this the bacteria found on one five pound note . the money was collected from students at the university of surrey . it was then submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days . the students found thousands of bacteria colonies living on their money . while most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless , money has been known to carry dangerous diseases . the most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides , which is harmless . dr simon park , a senior lecturer in molecular biology at the university , said : ‘ the most common types found are skin bacteria but money has also been shown to harbour mrsa and food poisoning bacteria in other related studies . ’ the experiment , which involved treating the coins in a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly , highlights how dirty handling money can be . among the bacteria found on a ten pound note is bacillus mycoides ( shown above ) . it 's common in soil , so it 's likely someone was gardening before handling cash . currency collected from students were submerged in agar - a substance that allows bacteria to grow quickly - and then monitored for three to four days . this image shows bacteria found on a ten pound note . thousands of bacteria colonies were found living on the sample of money . most of the bacteria found on the coins studied was harmless . the most common type of bacteria they discovered living on our coinage was bacillus mycoides , which is harmless . one ten pound note yielded bacillus mycoides , which is common in soil , suggesting that someone was gardening before handling cash . but mrsa and food poisoning bacteria have been found on money in previous studies . the scientists found cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin . it is particularly dangerous to people whose immune systems may not be in peak condition , such as people in hospitals .  the scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin . it is particularly dangerous to people whose immune systems may not be in peak condition , such as people in hospitals . around 20 per cent of people carry the bacteria in their nostrils , which means they likely touched their nose before handling money . dr park added : ‘ we found that money , be it coins or notes , harbours very large numbers of bacteria . ‘ it is something that we all share so it passes through many many different hands , washed and unwashed . ' it also gets kept in warm and moist pockets , which offer perfect conditions for bacterial growth and survival . ‘ consequently , the populations of bacteria on currency are much larger and more diverse , and money is likely to carry disease causing bacteria . ’ while most of the colourful blooms and spots of bacteria was found to be harmless , money has been known to carry dangerous diseases . this is the bacteria found on a five pound note , including one large bloom . dr simon park , a senior lecturer in molecular biology at the university , said : ‘ the most common types [ of bacteria ] found are skin bacteria but money has also been shown to harbour mrsa and food poisoning bacteria in other related studies . a stock image is shown . after the experiment , the cash was washed and returned to the students . dr park said : ‘ we wanted our undergraduates to get familiar with the fact we live in a bacteria world and bacteria is all around us , it’s on anything we interact with . ’ the scientists did find cases of staphylococcus aureus , which can cause boils and spots on the skin , but this image shows bacteria from a five pound note , including some bright orange spores . dr park said : ‘ we wanted our undergraduates to get familiar with the fact we live in a bacteria world and bacteria is all around us , it’s on anything we interact with . ’ this image shows a large spreading bacterial colony created from the grime on nine silver and copper coins .