a man was left with a swollen and painful penis thanks to injecting himself with petroleum jelly in the hope it would make his manhood bigger . father-of-one szilveszter , 24 , who now lives in bolton , feared he would never be able to have more children after the diy procedure left him unable to have sex . he said : ' i had to stop having sex with my wife as it 's too painful . i would like to have more children but if i ca n't have sex i may lose my family . father-of-one szilveszter injected petroleum jelly into his penis as he wanted to make it bigger . instead it became so swollen and inflammed , he was unable to have sex and was in constant pain . ' every day is difficult for me as it 's very painful and bleeding . this was the worst mistake in my life as i do n't feel like a real man . ' hungarian born szilveszter shares his story on the latest series of tlc show extreme beauty disasters . he said he had vaseline injected into his penis following a friend 's recommendation . he explains : ' i said to my friend i want to lose weight as i think my penis is small . he said you do n't need to lose weight , i can help you . my friend injected in my penis vaseline . afterwards i was happy as it looked bigger . ' but nine months later , his penis was swollen , painful and bleeding . he went to his gp and saw other doctors but all told him there was nothing they could do . cosmetic surgeon dr vik vijh , left , said injecting vaseline , right , into the body is a very bad idea . szilveszter turned to extreme beauty disasters resident plastic surgeon dr vik vijh who said there was hope he could be cured - but it would n't be easy . after examining szilveszter dr vijh said : ' it 's not a pretty slight , it 's inflammed , it 's sore , it 's misshapen , his penis is a disaster . ' he added : ' i have been doing plastic surgery now for 20 years and i have never seen anything like this . injecting petroleum jelly into the penis makes no sense on any level . ' dr vijh gave szilveszter an mri scan which revealed the large , hard bumps around his penis had formed thanks to his body reacting to the invasion of vaseline . dr vijh explained : ' your body has formed scar tissue around the vaseline because it 's a foreign body , your body is trying to ward it off and it gives you these painful lumps , it will soon start to ulcer through the skin . ' the other problem is the foreskin is swelling and splitting - the foreskin is 15 times more swollen than should be . ' after examining szilveszter dr vijh said he had never seen anything like it and the only treatment would be to ' skin ' the penis to get rid of the vaseline and scar tissue . the cosmetic surgeon said the only option would be for szilveszter to have an operation where his penis would be ' skinned ' to remove the vaseline and scar tissue . ' i have never done this before but fingers crossed we can save his penis , ' dr vijh said . after hours of surgery , the operation was a success . as a result of dr vihj removing all the vaseline and scar tissue , szilveszter is now back in full health following his recovery from the operation . he said : ' i am much better . it has healed well , it 's painfree and working . i can have sex with my wife again . ' many people said we ca n't help you . dr vijh did a perfect job , he has changed my life . ' the father said he had learnt his lesson and wo n't meddle with his penis size again . extreme beauty disasters is on tlc thursdays at 8pm .