a new mother and her baby were found dead on a cliff face after she was advised to stop taking an anti-psychotic medication so she could breastfeed . charlotte bevan had come off risperidone – a powerful drug used to treat illnesses including schizophrenia and bipolar disorder – before her daughter zaani was born late last year . four days after the birth , the 30-year-old walked out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms . exit : four days after giving birth , 30-year-old charlotte bevan ( left ) was able to walk out of bristol maternity hospital without shoes or a coat and with her baby girl in her arms ( right ) . the next day , police found her body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near the clifton suspension bridge . newborn zaani tiana bevan malbrouck was later found close by . it emerged yesterday that miss bevan – who is believed to have had a history of severe mental health problems – had been advised by medics to stop taking the drug ahead of zaani’s birth . nhs guidance says mothers should take risperidone during pregnancy only if their doctor says they need to . it adds : ‘ if you take this medicine during the late stages of pregnancy or during labour , your baby may have some problems or withdrawal symptoms and may need to have some monitoring after birth . ’ at a pre-inquest hearing yesterday , avon senior coroner maria voisin said ‘ breastfeeding advice given in relation to ( miss bevan’s ) risperidone’ was an issue she wanted to explore in an effort to prevent future deaths . discovery : after a huge search , police found miss bevan 's body two miles away on a cliff face of the gorge near clifton suspension bridge . newborn zaani tiana bevan malbrouck was later found close by . she said : ‘ she was not taking risperidone – what action was being taken and what impact was that having on her mental health ? ’ the coroner also said there were further questions for the hospital to answer , adding : ‘ the ward she was on - was it appropriate for her to be on and were all the staff trained and able to deal with her needs ? ‘ obviously there is the issue of charlotte managing to leave the ward and the hospital unnoticed and unmanaged . ’ university hospitals bristol nhs trust launched a review into the care it offered miss bevan and her baby following their deaths in december . immediately after miss bevan disappeared , friends and family said she had battled depression since her father’s sudden death from a brain tumour in 2000 . and it was suggested she had suffered a decline in mental health due coming off medication . miss bevan’s boyfriend pascal malbrouck , her mother rachel fortune , and her sister were among the family at the short pre-inquest review held at avon coroner’s court in flax bourton near bristol . plea : miss bevan’s boyfriend pascal malbrouck ( left ) and her mother rachel fortune ( right ) at a police press conference in december 2014 appealing for miss bevan and her baby to return after they disappeared . family : miss bevan , who was found dead last year , is pictured with mr malbrouck ( left ) and ms fortune ( right ) . when asked if she wanted anything raised at the inquest , ms fortune said her daughter had asked that mr malbrouck was not there during the birth . investigation : an avon and somerset search and rescue team member works with police to search an area near avon gorge in bristol in december 2014 . she said : ‘ i think it needs to be said that charlotte decided pascal was not present and i think that needs to be said . i think that says something . ’ the coroner also expressed her dismay when a bristol hospitals trust representative said she still had little information on which medical witnesses would be called and what evidence they would offer . trust representative caroline saunders said avon and somerset police were gathering statements from health staff and they had not been passed on to her yet . but coroner ms voisin , who said another pre-inquest hearing would now have to be held in around two months , said : ‘ i would normally expect the trust to be much more familiar with at least the chronology and the staff involved – not passing that over to the police . ’ she said it was also now unlikely the full inquest in to both deaths will take place until after the summer holidays . and she said to miss bevan’s family : ‘ there is a lot more work to do and i am sorry if you think it is a slow process but i think in this case we should take things a little more slowly , a little more carefully , to ensure the best for charlotte and zaani . ’ among those witnesses expected to provide evidence at the inquest will be miss bevan’s care co-ordinators , midwives , a hospital porter , and a consultant psychiatrist .