a ukip candidate was forced to apology after he appeared to mock the victims of the mediterranean refugee crisis – just days after hundreds drowned . peter endean , who is standing for nigel farage 's party in council elections , re-tweeted an image with a caption that said : ' labour 's new floating voters . coming to a country near you soon ' . around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from libya – with up to 950 perishing off the italian island of lampedusa over the weekend alone . peter endean has apologised for retweeting a message mocking victims of the mediterranean refugee crisis . mr endean , who is seeking election in plymouth , devon , and is also ukip 's communications manager for the city , has apologise and claims he re-tweeted it by mistake . he said : ' i retweeted it by accident . it was not intentional and clearly a mistake . i apologise unreservedly . ' earlier , ukip 's deputy chair suzanne evans described the situation as a ' devastating tragedy ' , but insisted britain needed to be careful not to ' encourage ' fleeing refugees from moving to the uk . she said : ' we all want to welcome people here , but as idealistic as we might want to be - and it 's in our nature to want to help everybody - you ca n't , unfortunately . that 's the reality of it . ' asked how many refugees britain should take , ms evans replied : ' we have got to be talking thousands rather than tens of thousands . ' eu leaders including david cameron will meet in brussels on thursday to discuss a 10-point plan , drawn up in response to growing crisis . mr endean , who is standing for nigel farage 's party in council elections , re-tweeted the above image with a caption that said : ' labour 's new floating voters . coming to a country near you soon ' . mr endean apologised and claimed he re-tweeted it by mistake . he wrote : ' i retweeted it by accident . it was not intentional and clearly a mistake . i apologise unreservedly ' . brussels wants a military mandate to seize and destroy people-smugglers ' boats , backed by increased budgets for frontex , which manages the borders of the 28-nation bloc . it comes after mr miliband this morning launched a furious attack on david cameron and other eu leaders for leaving refugees to drown by stopping search and rescue missions in the mediterranean . the labour leader said it was unacceptable to abandon thousands of immigrants boarding makeshift boats in africa in the hope of making it to europe . he also called on the uk to take a ' fare share ' of refugees fleeing civil war . around 1,300 people are believed to have drowned in the past two weeks while trying to reach europe in make-shift boats launched by people smugglers from libya – with up to 950 perishing off the italian island of lampedusa over the weekend alone . eu leaders including david cameron will meet in brussels on thursday to discuss a 10-point plan , drawn up in response to growing crisis - but ed miliband said the response had been inadequate . mr miliband 's remarks came amid growing alarm over the number of desperate families risking their lives to escape the raging civil wars in the middle east and north africa . speaking in manchester this morning , mr miliband attacked the decision to abandon european rescue missions . he said : ' the original decision was a mistake and it should be reversed . ' mr miliband said : ' the logic is we are leaving people to die because it is a pull factor . we are better than that . we ca n't be leaving people to drown . '