no wonder james freedman’s super-nimble hands are insured for a huge sum — for the fingers he uses to steal wallets are the tools of his trade . ‘ you can pinch anything off anyone — apart from their shoes ! ’ he says . now he’s exhibiting his ‘skills’ on stage in a one-man pickpocket show , called man of steal , in which he even takes off someone’s tie without them realising . scroll down for video . the watch : james freedman removes harry mount 's timepiece without him noticing in his pickpocketing lesson . for years he’s been giving pickpocket demonstrations to teach people how not to become victims of street crime . he has also advised the metropolitan police and taught the ‘art’ to actors — showing the boy who played the artful dodger in roman polanski’s film oliver twist how to pick a pocket or two . freedman , 49 , describes himself as ‘ the only honest pickpocket you will ever meet’ . so i ask him to show me how those crooks we all fear go about their surreptitious trade . first , he says , they ‘ fan the mark’ . the ‘mark’ is the victim . so ‘fanning’ is using your hand with the fingers spread out to feel for valuables , usually using the back of the hand . ‘it’s a light , fluttering motion and , if executed correctly , the victim isn’t aware of it , ’ says freedman . next — and this is vitally important — distract your victim : pat them on the shoulder with one hand as you ask the time and use your other hand to lift their wallet . or just look into their eyes , so their peripheral vision doesn’t see your hand darting into their pocket . the wallet : harry is now without his cash and cred cards thanks to freedman 's nimble fingers . the phone : daylight robbery and mount does n't even feel a thing . or — a much more simple ruse — ‘accidentally’ bump into them . ‘ a classic trick is to pretend you are helping them . for example , carry a sachet of mayonnaise or ketchup , put a pin in it and squirt it at someone from a distance . go up to them and start cleaning up their jacket . while you’re doing it , pick their pocket . ’ to describe his activities , freedman uses old-fashioned pickpocket patter , much of which dates back to 18th-century thieves . ‘poke’ is slang for a wallet . ‘ skinning the poke’ means stealing one , taking out the money and throwing away the empty wallet . the easiest target is one who has their wallet ( or phone ) in the most vulnerable place : the back trouser pocket . freedman uses two fingers in a pincer-like movement to steal it . his favourite ploy is to strike as the victim walks away from him — because they are less likely to feel a hand in their pocket while they are moving . shady business : freedman shows how a folded newspaper can be used to steal a pair of sunglasses . freedman shows how to remove a pair of expensive sunglasses hanging from a jacket breast pocket by flicking them out and catching them with a folded newspaper . when he does it to me , i don’t feel a thing . crucially , he ensures he doesn’t ‘ tip the bit’ — that is , draw attention to the pickpocketing action . he thought he’d tipped the bit when he stole the pen from my pocket and it made a clicking noise . needless to say , i didn’t notice . not surprisingly , the most difficult target is a watch . i challenge him to remove mine without me noticing . it is tightly held on my wrist with a leather strap . it isn’t just buckled , but it also goes through a tight retaining loop . fixing my gaze , freedman puts his hand lightly on top of my watch , unbuckles it and whisks it away . i don’t feel anything in the entire operation and don’t look down because our eyes are firmly locked . more oddly , i don’t notice the watch’s absence once removed . ‘ people have a muscle memory , ’ says freedman . ‘ they don’t notice if something’s gone , however heavy it is , whether it’s a handkerchief — or your notebook . ’ with that , he hands me back my hefty notebook , which i thought had been securely tucked inside my breast pocket . somehow , he’d removed it . for all his skill as a pickpocket , freedman says he has never used it for anything other for entertainment . ‘ i never steal . ’ however , he admits one exception : he once saw a woman being pickpocketed outside harrods , decided to pickpocket the pickpocket and gave the purse back to the victim . proudly , freedman says the smartly dressed thief — who realised too late what had happened — went up to him afterwards and said : ‘ nice work . ’ freedman first became interested in pickpocketing as a child when he was mugged . ‘ they took my pocket money and beat me up , ’ he says . not long after , he saw a theatrical pickpocket on tv — and then saw his father being pickpocketed on a trip to paris . he now uses his skills to expose quite how vulnerable we all are to the growing number of pickpockets on our streets . apparently , prague and barcelona are the most dangerous places for pickpockets in europe ; london is listed tenth . as we walk down london’s oxford street , he points out some easy prey : a woman sitting on a bench with an open bag next to her and a man with an unzipped pocket , a phone clearly visible inside it . daylight robbery : the pickpocket specialist offers harry directions while slipping a hand inside his pocket . distraction : as harry looks into the distance , his mobile phone has been stolen and is about to disappear into freedman 's pocket . he can identify the model of a phone by the shape of the bulge in your pocket . ‘ samsung . . . iphone . . . iphone , ’ he says as we pass people whose phones , inside their pockets , are invisible to me . once , pickpockets concentrated on loose change and handkerchiefs , but now mobile phones account for half of pickpocketing crimes . freedman says : ‘ if i stopped everyone and told them how vulnerable they are , i’d never have any time left to do anything else . ’ mobile phones are the perfect item for pickpockets — ‘it’s called apple or blackberry picking’ — but the information about the owner contained on the sim card is more useful to the thief than the phone’s intrinsic value because it contains a wealth of personal information and possibly even bank details . these days , with clever software , criminals don’t even have to steal the phone . they can ‘skim’ it — place their own phone over it and copy all your data . pickpockets carefully look for the moment you use your phone . they’ll watch to see which pocket you put it back in — and pounce . ironically , a favourite spot is near signs that say : ‘ beware of pickpockets . ’ according to freedman : ‘ when we see such signs , we instinctively pat our pockets to check our valuables are ok. and the pickpocket is watching to see where the item is kept . ’ after spending time with this cunning man , i can’t help keep patting my pockets obsessively as i walk along the street . i hope a real pickpocket — rather than a master showman — isn’t watching me . man of steal is at the menier chocolate factory , london se1 1ru , until april 27 . 