three 's company : rebecca and husband harry settle in at anantara the palm jumeirah . my husband harry and i knew this was going to be a landmark holiday - the last one on our own for a long time . our baby girl is due on june 4 and , when we touched down in dubai , i was 28 weeks pregnant . you ca n't fly after that without a doctor 's note . we had left it until the last minute and , by the time we arrived , both of us were ready to relax . i 'd been to dubai once before as a swimmer , when we stayed in an apartment . this was completely different - and utterly amazing . the anantara is part of the palm project and is like nowhere else . because it has over-the-water bungalows there were times when it felt like we were in the maldives , but when we went to the australian themed restaurant , i imagined i was back in the jungle on i 'm a celebrity — even though there were n't any luxuries in that jungle . you have to see dubai to believe it . everything is so clean , luxurious and new — even the main tourist areas . and everywhere hotels are being built . we kept asking ourselves how they will all survive , but somehow they will . our room was on the lagoon , which meant we had direct access to the water . we tended to spend a couple of hours in the morning by the main pool , then , after lunch , we retreated to our gorgeous room , where we had sun beds on the balcony . harry is doing a graphic design course back home and so he spent some time each day on his studies . by 4pm , it gets hazy in dubai . some days we went for a wander around the whole resort , which is about two miles round but it is cleverly laid out . it never felt crowded . jump in : the anantara has three turquoise-blue ' lagoons ' ideal for swimmers of all experience levels . we had a lot of time to think and to discuss what name we should give our baby . we always wanted to know what to expect — we 're having a girl — because we are both impatient people and are keen to plan ahead , but we ca n't agree on a name . naming something before you see it is strange and it 's vital that her first name goes with her last , which will be harry 's name , needs . we want a name that wo n't sound as if she is ' needy ' , if you see what i mean . one day , we went out on a boat and i hoped to see david beckham 's house , but no one seemed sure where it was exactly . but what we did see were some of the most expensive properties ever . there 's a lot of money splashing around in this part of the world . we also made a trip to the famous dubai mall , which is bigger than a football stadium — or so it seems . and guess what ? we bought our not-born-yet baby her first swimsuit . it has a french look to it , with jaunty stripes . my plan is to take her swimming as soon as i can . it 's something we will always be able to do together . retail therapy : rebecca adlington did a spot of shopping at the famous ( and enormous ) dubai mall . more importantly , i regard swimming as a valuable life skill and i was surprised to see at the hotel that some children had never learned . that 's why i 've started becky adlington swim stars for three to 11-year-olds . already we have 17 venues taking part and 3,500 children are learning to swim with us . there were lots of british people in the hotel and they were all very friendly . it never bothers me if someone wants to come up and have a chat or have a photograph taken . athletes are different to film stars in that people see us as we are , not playing a particular role . and we are used to having a microphone shoved in our faces immediately after we have competed . it teaches you to be natural . one thing i enjoyed at the anantara was looking at all the baby equipment people have . it started to give me ideas . i was also pleased to see how kind everyone was to the children . the staff went out of their way to be helpful . this is a real family resort . paradise pictured : the anantara offers over-the-water villas which provide the perfect sea view . after i retired from competitive swimming at the age of 23 , i did n't go near a pool for six months . then i started to swim again as a way to keep fit and i still love it . i love the feeling of being weightless and this is especially welcome when you 're pregnant . harry and i went to the gym a few times at the hotel and i did a bit of this and that , but i am not used to high-impact sport . a gym is difficult on my knees . there is not the tiniest bit of me that ever wants to compete again . as an athlete , i was so focused and driven and i left the sport knowing that i could not have given more of myself . all that training was really tough , but i chose to do it . flashback : rebecca survived daunting trials when she appeared on i 'm a celebrity ... in 2013 . now , i have a chance to get on with the rest of my life and i 'm excited about that , too . it gives me an opportunity to try new things — like coming to dubai with harry and spending most of the time lying around . in the australian restaurant , an arab man came up to me and said he recognised me . ' you 'll feel at home in this restaurant , then ? ' he said . ' why ? ' i said . ' i 'm not australian . ' ' because you were on that programme in the jungle , ' he said , without mentioning my swimming . i am so pleased to have done i 'm a celebrity . it helped me find my feet and i 've always loved ant and dec . but it was scary not knowing what would happen and suddenly finding myself with 11 strangers . what 's for sure is that it really made me appreciate a holiday like the one in dubai . jasmine holidays ( 0333 7000 747 , www.jasmineholidays.co.uk ) offers seven nights ' stay at the dubai palm , anantara on a half-board basis - from £1,150 per person , based on two adults sharing , including flights and transfers . daily mail readers receive a £100 discount when quoting ref dm2015 .  