three years ago , pakistan had almost completely eradicated polio , a devastating disease which paralyses its victims ' legs but is preventable with a simple injection . today , it 's on the rise again after the taliban declared the vaccine to be a ' western conspiracy ' and a 'bio-weapon ' that would actually make children sick , and waged violent attacks against those found to be supplying it . but mother-of-three farhina touseef - the subject of channel 4 's unreported world - is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents . mother-of-three farhina touseef ( pictured ) is risking her life by leading a team of medics as they travel door-to-door through dangerous taliban strongholds offering the free vaccines to parents . flanked by reporter nelufar hedayat , farhina takes her life into her hands on every mission she goes , unsafe in the knowledge that more than 80 health workers before her have been slaughtered by the taliban . the taliban , a islamic fundamentalist political movement which was toppled from power after the us-led invasion of afghanistan in 2001 , is famed for its hard-line policies and brutality against women . in pakistan , polio has been on the rise since the taliban declared the vaccine to be a 'bio-weapon ' that would actually make children sick . pictured , reporter nelufar hedayat with two polio victims . two young sisters , maheen and mariam , pictured with their brother , contracted the disease after their father , a conservative cleric , refused to give them polio drops . it is opposed to music , television and education for girls over the age of ten , among other things - the polio vaccine included . farhina , along with several other of the government-spearheaded teams , is desperate to stop the spread of the highly contagious disease , which the world health organisation has called an international public health emergency . ' [ my family ] wanted me to give up work because it’s so risky , ' farhina admits . 'it’s life threatening . my husband said 100 per cent i should resign . but i couldn’t do it . ' there have been 322 cases of polio across the country in the last two years , the majority of them children under three . pictured , maheen and mariam 's mother , who wanted them to have the vaccine . farhina , pictured hiding beneath her veil , takes her life into her hands on every mission she goes , unsafe in the knowledge that more than 80 health workers before her have been slaughtered by the taliban . vaccination - administered in drop-form into the mouth - is the only way to stop the spread of polio , and there is no cure . there have been 322 cases of polio across the country in the last two years , the majority of them children under three . farhina tells nelufar that many of the people they try to help refuse the medicine and are hostile – dangerous even , having been indoctrinated by the taliban . two of her colleagues were gunned down on the job in 2012 by the terror group for issuing the vaccine . farhina and the channel 4 team travelled to orangi town , a particularly hazardous region , to meet a family devastated by polio . two young sisters , maheen and mariam , contracted the disease after their father , a conservative cleric , refused to give them polio drops against their mother’s wishes . she hopes that with the help of leg braces , mariam may be able to walk again within three years , but for maheen , it’s too late . another cleric , aisha usmaini , teaches 400 women and preaches against the vaccine , incorrectly claiming that it contains ' human foetal tissue ' and is part of the ' war against muslims ' . many of the families they try to help refuse the medicine and are hostile – dangerous even , so farhina must travel with armed guards everywhere she goes ( pictured ) . vaccination - administered in drop-form into the mouth - is the only way to stop the spread of polio , and there is no cure . pictured , nelufar with two members of the team who provide the vaccine . sadly , these claims did n't appear from nowhere . the american cia has admitted to using a vaccination campaign as cover back in 2011 to allow them to go house to house in their hunt for osama bin laden . back home , preparing to go out for another day vaccinating children , farhina is concerned about her own children . ' god forbid , i worry that if something happens to me , what will happen to my family ? ' she tells nelufar . ' one day when pakistan is free from polio , i will have time for my family . but right now my other children need me . ' unreported world airs tonight on channel 4 at 7.30pm .