primary school children have been banned from running in the playground in case they fall over and injure themselves . pupils at riverview junior school in gravesend , kent were told they could not move around too quickly because they might bump their heads . parents are furious about the ban - saying that children need to ' let off steam ' during their breaks as well as getting exercise by running around . banned : pupils including bradley , luca , mia and diesel ( pictured left to right ) have been told they can not run in the playground at riverview junior school in gravesend . rachael sparks said that her 11-year-old son diesel had returned home upset after being told not to run outside at school . she said that she checked with headmistress pam wenbam , because she could not believe that it was true , before realising that a ban had in fact been imposed . ' i went in to school to speak to them as i thought he must have misunderstood , ' ms sparks said . ' what else is a playground for in a primary school if not for running around and letting off a bit of steam ? ' i was lucky enough to get to speak to the head , ms wenban . i said , `` i just want to clarify if this is true . '' ' she started off by saying we 've asked them to slow down a bit , but then it transpired that they had banned running . ' safety : staff at the school , pictured , say they are trying to crack down on a dangerous ' chasing ' game . the school claims that the ban is intended to tackle a specific ' chasing ' game which has caused children to hurt themselves . ms sparks said : ' she went on to say that due to some children not looking where they were going , there had been incidents of bumped heads . ' she claimed due to this it was her duty of care towards the children that had prompted her to ban running . they are not allowed to play british bulldog , they are not allowed to play football . ' i know children do get the occasional bump to the head or grazed knee while running around on the playground but having spoken to a number of parents as well as children , 100 per cent of both expressed that running and getting the occasional minor injury was most definitely preferable to not running at all . ' i do n't want to run the school down but i think it is a step too far . kids have been bumping their heads and grazing their knees for hundreds of years . ' ms wenband said : ' we have asked children to refrain from playing a particular chasing game in the playground as we have found the increasing numbers taking part has caused some injuries , including a fractured collarbone . ' we are concerned for the safety of the children and need to stop this particular game until we can establish a safer way for them to play . ' when the weather is dry and sunny children can run and play more safely on the school playing field . '