queensland amusement park dreamworld is being sued for $ 290,000 by a former casual employee , who claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride . zoe dennise prince , 28 , was working at the gold coast amusement park until september last year , according to gold coast bulletin . however she was allegedly injured on may 20 , 2013 when she allegedly she experienced pain her right wrist whilst checking harnesses on the ride . ms prince has claimed that she suffered her injury as the company ardent leisure was negligent and set poor working conditions . amusement park dreamworld is being sued for $ 290,000 by a former casual employee , who claims she suffers from an permanent disability caused by checking harnesses on the tower of terror thrill ride . in the claim , lodged in the southport district court , ms prince states that she now suffers from a permanent disability and subsequently a diminished earning capacity . she was given ‘ repetitive work duties’ which she needed to complete within a short amount of time and without sufficient breaks . she alleges she was required to inspect around 1500 harnesses every day , which required pulling each of them up quickly before the ride to ensure they were locked . ms prince has already undergone two operations and she has developed intersection syndrome and de quervain’s tenosynovitis in her right wrist . dreamworld staff was reportedly instructed to complete the task quickly to ensure there was only a short interval period between each ride . they were not given a co-worker to lessen the workload . ms prince has already undergone two operations and she has developed intersection syndrome and de quervain’s tenosynovitis in her right wrist , according to her personal injury claim against the company , ardent leisure . ms prince is claiming $ 23,050 in general damages and $ 193,375 for her predicted loss of income in the future . however , she is suing for up to $ 292,000 . she alleges she was required to inspect around 1500 harnesses every day and was n't given sufficient breaks . 