if you live in the uk or us you can expect to have already been hacked – at least according to the real life conman turned fraud prevention expert whose escapades inspired catch me if you can . frank abagnale , whose early life on the run from the fbi was brought to life on the screen by leonardo di caprio , has said the public is underestimating the extent that their details have been stolen by digital fraudsters , the times reported . in the 2002 steven spielberg film abagnale , now 66 , poses as a doctor , a lecturer , a lawyer and an airline pilot over the course of a crime spree that eventually landed him in prison . scroll down for video . frank abagnale ( right ) has said individuals in the western world have probably already had their identities stolen . he was played by leonardo di caprio ( right ) in the film about his misspent youth as a conman . however the former conman changed his ways and has spent the rest of his career working with the fbi on fraud detection and prevention . in an interview mr abagnale told of how in an age of information overload , those of us living in the western world have probably already had our identities stolen . he highlighted the recent theft of details from more than 80 million americans whose names , dates of birth , children’s details and and social security numbers were held by the us underwriter anthem insurance . he added that there had been so many similar incidents in recent years that societies should just assume personal information had been stolen . mr abagnale works as a consultant to british company lexisnexis and has written three books on the nature of fraud . he has called the constant effort by security companies to stay ahead of hackers a ‘battle’ , saying it is always necessary to be thinking a move ahead of the fraudsters . abagnale , as is depitced in the 2002 film catch me if you can , posed at one point as a senior medical doctor . the conman turned fraud expert also travelled the globe posing as an international airline pilot for pan am . mr abignale exaplained that while he used ink and paper to fraudulently access money , the scope for internet fraud is greater and easier for hackers . a survey by the digital consultancy centrify shows one in four britons know they have had their identities stolen . in 43 percent of those incidents the ensuing difficulties took more than a month to rectify . forty-seven percent said they had to pay money to resolve the problems . of these , 28 percent had to pay at least £60 . mr abagnale explained these kinds of cases were not the work of some mastermind fraudster but more often than not down to employees simply not following proper procedure . details can be lost when individuals download work files at home , insert unknown memory sticks into work terminals or open attachments on untrustworthy emails . because fraudsters will sit on stolen information for drawn-out periods of time , people are normally hacked two or three years before their identity is stolen . however the typical reaction is to assume the theft is recent , abagnale explained . the tools of his trade were pen , paper and charm but mr abignale says what he did 50 years ago as a teenaged boy is now ‘ a thousand times easier , ’ adding that changes in technology always open the door to crime . as a prime example he explained that to forge a cheque in the 1960s required a special printing press . now a coporate logo and a managing director’s signature can all be found on the web at the click of a button . typically abagnale will drop memory sticks with the word ' confidential ' written on them on the floor of a new client’s offices . inevitably they will be picked up by an unwitting employee and placed in a work computer , allowing the bug he has placed on it to enter the system . frank abignale worked as a fraudster during his teenaged years in the 1960s - he now deeply regrets it . frank w abagnale jr has become one of the world’s foremost authorities on forgery and secure documents . he has worked with the fbi , hundreds of financial intitutions and corporations and international government agencies . as well as the 2002 steven speilberg film made about his life , a broadway musical also called catch me if you can opened on broadway in april 2011 . between the ages of 16 and 21 , he successfully posed as an airline pilot , an attorney , a college professor and a paediatrician . while doing so he cashed $ 2.5 million in fraudulent checks in every u.s. state and 26 foreign countries . apprehended by the french police when he was 21 years old , he served time in the french , swedish and u.s. prison systems . after five years he was released on the condition that he would help the u.s. federal government without remuneration . more than 14,000 financial institutions , corporations and law enforcement agencies now use his fraud prevention programs . he said the amount of money lost to fraud was ‘ beyond the imagination’ . medicaid , mr abagnale said , and meidcare , the two u.s. healthcare assistance programmes , pay out more than $ 100 billion in fraudulent claims every year . the conman turned fbi consultant insists he is not proud of his youthful adventures and said he regretted the speilberg film . however he said he has paid back society with interest . $ 2 milllion of the $ 2.5 million he took was recovered by the u.s. government and he has spent 40 years helping catch criminals . he stole $ 2.5 million dollars , $ 2 million of which was recovered . mr abagnale then spent 40 years working with the fbi .