an independent panel of concussion experts formed by the football association will meet for the first time in may . the panel of eight medical professionals will advise the fa on what can be done to make the game safer . head injuries have been under greater scrutiny since hugo lloris refused to be substituted following a clash with romelu lukaku in 2013 , with new rules introduced at the start of the current barclays premier league season stating a player suffering a head injury must leave the pitch and only be allowed to return if cleared by a club doctor . the fa have formed a concussion experts panel to help figure out how to make the game safer for players . recently , the jeff astle foundation has been raising awareness of the danger of long-term head injuries from playing football , with former west brom player astle having died in 2002 of a brain trauma caused by heading heavy leather footballs during his career . this weekend saw west brom wear retro kits against leicester on saturday as the foundation was officially launched on jeff astle day at the hawthorns . the fa 's head of performance services dave reddin believes the panel will help take safety in the sport to the next level . jeff astle died in 2002 after suffering a number of heavy blows to his head during his footballing career . ' the role of the expert panel is to monitor and advise the fa and other football bodies on the appropriate guidelines for all levels of the game , ' he told www.thefa.com . ' we have seen an improvement in guidance and communication in this area of sports medicine but we are conscious there is potentially much more to do . ' the group will also be asked to help advise on how football 's world governing body should examine and research any long-term effects on the brain through head injury or repeated concussion episodes . george north has been under the spotlight in recent months after suffering a number of concussions . ' i genuinely believe we now have the right people on board to be able to provide the right level of insight for such an important issue . ' reddin , the fa 's head of medical services dr ian beasley and representatives of the premier league , football league and professional footballers ' association will all observe the panel .