the parole board is reviewing the case of colin pitchfork , who was jailed for life in 1988 on the basis of dna evidence after raping and killing two schoolgirls . the parole board is reviewing the case of a murderer who was the first man to be convicted on the basis of dna evidence . colin pitchfork was jailed for life in 1988 for raping and killing two schoolgirls . he strangled 15-year-old lynda mann to death after raping her on a deserted footpath in the leicestershire village of narborough in 1983 . three years later he raped and killed dawn ashworth , also 15 , less than a mile from where he murdered lynda . pitchfork was finally caught two years later thanks to dna tests on all the men in surrounding villages . he received a 30-year minimum sentence which was then cut to 28 years in 2009 , meaning he was supposed to be eligible for release next year . a spokesman for the parole board said : ' we can confirm that the secretary of state for justice has referred the case of colin pitchfork to the parole board for a review of his suitability for release . ' if the board does not direct his release , it has been asked to advise the secretary of state on his suitability for open conditions ( category d prison ) . ' once a case has been referred to the board , it usually takes around six months before a decision is issued , meaning the double murderer could be out this year . pitchfork argued at his 2009 appeal against his sentence that the 30 years was ' manifestly ' excessive . he was jailed at leicester crown court in 1988 after pleading guilty to two counts of murder , two of rape , two of indecent assault and one of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice . announcing the decision to reduce the minimum term by two years in 2009 , the then lord chief justice , lord judge , said the appeal was being allowed to a ' very restricted and limited extent relating to exceptional progress in custody ' . he emphasised that the decision ' has no bearing whatever on the continuing effect of the sentence of life imprisonment on the appellant ' . the judge added : ' he can not be released unless and until the safety of the public is assured . ' former lord chief justice lord judge ruled in 2009 that pitchfork should not be released until the public could be assured it was safe . after the world 's first mass screening for dna - where 5,000 men in three villages were asked to volunteer blood or saliva samples - pitchfork was eventually caught . the lord chief justice at the time said after he was jailed that ' from the point of view of the safety of the public i doubt if he should ever be released ' . lord judge said in 2009 that pitchfork 's progress since he was first incarcerated ' goes far beyond general good behaviour and positive response to his custodial sentence , but reflects very creditable assistance to disabled individuals outside the prison system ' . he added : ' on the evidence before us he has sought to address the reasons behind the commission of these offences . he has achieved a high standard of education , to degree level . ' in 20 years in custody he has never been placed on report and he is trusted to help with the well-being of fellow inmates . ' lord judge said : ' beyond all that he has made himself a specialist in the transcription of printed music into braille , thus using the opportunities he has taken to educate himself in prison to the benefit of others . ' this is an intensely specialised skill and his work is used throughout this country and internationally with the support of the rnib . ' lord judge said the court could not ' identify any sufficient reason ' why the exceptional progress made ' should not be recognised and given practical effect in the assessment now to be made of the minimum term to be served by the appellant ' , and reduced it by two years . on november 22 , 1983 , the body of 15-year-old lynda mann was found raped and strangled on a deserted footpath running between a cemetery and a psychiatric hospital in the leicestershire village of narborough . almost three years later , in july 1986 , the body of another 15-year-old , dawn ashworth , from nearby enderby , was found in almost identical circumstances in a wooded area , less than a mile from the scene of lynda 's murder . the dead girl had been taking a shortcut home from school instead of her usual route , but there can be little doubt that her assailant , believing he had ' got away with it ' once , was on the look-out for other teenagers to assault , terrorise and murder in the same way . initially , a local man confessed to the second murder and his blood was found to be the same group as blood found at the scene . there can be no doubt that had it not been for advances in science , he would have been convicted while colin pitchfork remained free . however , two years later , semen samples found at the crime scenes were used to match the dna of pitchfork , a baker and convicted flasher . he became the first criminal in the world to be convicted based on dna fingerprinting , following the first mass screening of 5,000 men in three neighbouring villages . 