a boy of 13 has become one of the uk 's youngest murderers after he was jailed for killing a woman he had just mugged by stamping on her face so hard it left a footprint on her cheek . shocking cctv footage shows the horrendous moment petri kurti murdered 47-year-old glynis bensley before he fled to a nearby park in smethwick , west midlands and boasted about the savage attack . the schoolboy , who can be named after a judge lifted a reporting restriction order , was jailed for a minimum of 12 years today and will be on licence for life . his co-defendant , zoheb majid , was sentenced to 10 years behind bars for manslaughter and robbery . scroll down for video . cctv of the attack was shown in court , with 13-year-old kurti seen jumping ms bensley as she walked home . co-defendant majid then joined in , with the pair leaving her for dead in a pool of her own blood . killed : glynis bensley was murdered by petri kurti , 13 , as she walked home in smethwick , west midlands . sentencing judge john warner said the boy had been ' running wild ' in his home life . ' you come from a home where there has been a complete lack of boundaries or structure where neither parents understand the seriousness of your behaviour - they blame others . ' this reinforces your own clear reluctance to take responsibility for your own actions . ' previously the court heard how the pair had teamed up with the sole intention of carrying out a violent robbery . cctv footage captured kurti jumping ms bensley in the street as she made her way home from seven stars pub . majid joined in seconds later before the pair flipped her body over to ransack her pockets . kurti was then filmed stamping on her face , leaving a shoe print on her skin . the court previously heard that both majid and the teenager thought ms bensley was a man because of her clothes and haircut . he pleaded guilty to manslaughter but was found guilty of murder following a trial last month . kurti had been excluded from school and a pupil referral unit for his aggressive behaviour , and as young as he was , already had previous convictions for attempted theft , assault with intent to steal and battery . he sentenced the 13-year-old to 12 years imprisonment for the murder with five years concurrent for robbery . also jailed : zoheb majid , 20 , was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment for manslaughter and robbery . he was given another 12 months , to run concurrently , for another street robbery carried out with his 25-year-old sister whilst on bail for the murder on february 4 . the teenager was ordered to be detained at her majesty 's pleasure - the equivalent of a minimum term life sentence for a youth . judge warner added while kurti had boasted of the attack afterwards , he demonstrated ' criminal maturity ' . ' i 'm in no doubt that she was targeted by you both , selected to be robbed ' he continued . ' she was chosen by you because she was clearly in a vulnerable condition . ' it started with you petri kurti punching her and she went to the ground . ' she suffered a minimum of two blows . there was a clear print of a shod foot visible on her cheek , she had been stamped in the face . ' you petri kurti were just 13 when you committed this murder , on the streets late at night effectively running wild . ' this was a murder committed for gain , a night time robbery . the victim was vulnerable and targeted as such . ' zoheb majid , you 're about to turn 21 . ' you knew what you were doing and knew what you were involved in . you knew the victim of this night time robbery was a vulnerable person . ' earlier the court was told kurti ' was not a mature ' 13-year-old . his solicitor , michael turner qc , said : ' he 's operating at a level of a seven to 11-year-old in terms of his cognitive ability . ' he has real learning difficulties . he accepted the act that caused the death and limited the decision of the jury to one of intent . distraught family : ms bensley 's siblings , dawn and harry bensley , were at wolverhampton crown court today to see their sister 's killer jailed . ' he is susceptible to control and influence by those older than him . ' after their sentencing ms bensley 's family spoke of their horror that the 13-year-old had been out so late and behaving in such a violent way . ' it opens your eyes to a different world . we are talking two o'clock , four o'clock in the morning - that is not a normal 13-year-old , ' said john bensley , 60 . ' they are cowards , the way they did it . she was an easy target . ' ' justice has been done . if it had n't happened to glynis it would have happened to someone else . it could have happened to anybody . ' they seemed a bit arrogant in court , there was no remorse . they are not sorry , they are sorry they have been caught . '' paying tribute to the charity worker , ms bensley 's sister , dawn , said : ' she loved working for charities . she just liked to help people , she would help anybody . '' detective chief inspector samantha ridding said the pair had intended to target someone in a violent robbery . her brother kevin , 53 , added : ' glynis had walked down that road for 30 years and never had a problem . ' she walked the same way for 30 years , they must have crossed paths before . whether he was 13 , 33 , or 53 , it does n't make it any easier . ' leading the investigation detective chief inspector sam ridding said : ' it was clearly the joint intention of the pair to use violence on anyone they targeted : they were in it together as the cctv showed - they arrived within seconds of each other . ' ms bensley was tragically in the wrong place at the wrong time and was randomly picked out by the pair believing that she was a man and that she was wearing a gold bracelet . ' our thoughts remain with glynis’ family at this time and we hope that today’s sentencing will provide some help in their grieving process . '