ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad . the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa , but acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club . young now feels he has an important role under louis van gaal , and told manutd.com : ' i was looking around and thinking i was in the top six or seven who have been here the longest now . whereas i used to say i was a youngster , now i can only say that by my name . ashley young is finally feeling like a senior member of the manchester united squad under louis van gaal . the 29-year-old moved to old trafford in june 2011 from aston villa and feels he has a role to play at united . ' to be honest , a few of my team-mates have mentioned my name when they talk about characters and jokers and it 's always nice to hear that . you have got to have good team spirit and we have got that here . we always have done . ' there are people who like to mess about and do different things in the dressing room . there are big characters in the dressing room and everyone gets on with everybody else . the team spirit we have got here is brilliant . ' young had to be patient but the winger says easing himself in was only natural when he had to meet his new team-mates and get used to a different dressing room . ' when i first came here , i knew a few of the lads from playing with them for england but i did n't really know what to expect , ' young added . ' when you settle in properly at a club , your character starts to come out more and more . ' with me , i 'm always there or thereabouts when there is any mucking about or things going on in the dressing room . ' young acknowledges it took time for him to come into his own at the club but believes that is only natural . young tries to beat tottenham hotspur goalkeeper hugo lloris to the ball during their premier league match . young feels he and wayne rooney ( left ) are among those that have had to share the responsibility . being a senior member of the squad , young feels he has had to share the responsibility with captain wayne rooney following the departures of nemanja vidic , rio ferdinand and patrice evra . ' when you 've got vida , rio and evra leaving , individuals who were not only big characters but captains , people have to step up and take over that mantle , ' young stated . ' it has definitely happened . you give out more advice and try to help the youngsters along but it 's everybody 's job really . everybody chips in . ' we 've got one captain but , when we 're on the pitch , there are 11 captains and everyone wants to be pulling in the right direction and wanting to perform and do as we well as we can as a team . when you have got that on and off the pitch , it 's great . '