babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers , a large-scale study has found . the researchers said say that just as antibiotics are used to make farm animals put on weight , the may also be fattening our children . writing in the respected medical journal pediatrics , they said that the widely-prescribed drugs could be contributing to the obesity epidemic . a third of 10-11 year olds and more than a fifth of 4-5 year olds in england are overweight or obese , leading to fears that today 's generation will be the first to die at an earlier age than their parents . obesity : babies given antibiotics in the first six months of life are more likely to be fat as toddlers , a large-scale study has found ( file photo ) . the finnish researchers compared the weight and height of more than 12,000 healthy two year old with records on antibiotic prescription . by two years-old , one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese . and children who had taken antibiotics as young babies were particularly likely to be overweight . repeated prescriptions before the age of two also raised the odds of being a fat toddler . boys seemed particularly prone weight gain after being given antibiotics . they were also slightly taller than boys who had n't been given the drugs . the study did n't prove that antibiotics were causing weight gain . but if they do , it may be because they kill of bugs in the gut that would normally feed on some of the food eaten . this frees up more food for the body . killing certain gut bugs may also increase appetite . lead author dr antti saari , of kuopio university hospital , warned : ' antibiotic exposure before six months of age , or repeatedly during infancy , was associated with increased body mass in healthy children . ' such effects may play a role in the worldwide childhood obesity epidemic and highlight the importance of judicious use of antibiotics in infancy . the worldwide obesity epidemic is real , and is more pronounced for boys . ' epidemic ' : by two years-old , one in five boys and one in ten girls was overweight or obese and children who had taken antibiotics as young babies were particularly likely to be overweight ( file photo ) . ' an increase in the use of antibiotics could be an additional contributing factor to the development of excess weight problems . ' the crucial role of antibiotics in the improvement of human health is unquestionable but their extended use today has undesirable and unexpected consequences . ' previous research has found that babies given antibiotics are at higher risk of eczema and digestive problems . the studies come amid growing concern that the over-prescription of antibiotics is leading to the pills losing their power and making common infections harder to treat . the government has warned that a new superbug could infect up to 200,000 britons and kill 80,000 in a single outbreak .