despite being paraded as a prominent backer of mr miliband hours earlier , throughout the television debate on thursday night she instead tweeted praise for green party leader natalie bennett . ed miliband faced yet more humiliation today as he lost the support of a plus-sized blogger just hours after she signed a high-profile letter backing him . campaign chiefs had attempted to rebuff a letter from 100 business leaders that criticised the party by publishing its own message calling for a labour government signed by people ‘ from all walks of life’ . but the plan quickly unravelled as it was revealed the 100 ' working people ' supporting mr miliband included a benefit fraudster , a boss who has used zero-hours workers , affluent students and a string of union and party activists . today the move continued to backfire spectacularly as another of the signatories appeared to switch her allegiance to green party leader natalie bennett . callie thorpe was listed on the letter supporting mr miliband as a receptionist , but online she also describes herself as a ' plus size style and lifestyle blogger , fan of lipsticks , food , travel and self love ' . despite being paraded as a prominent backer of mr miliband hours earlier , throughout the television debate on thursday night she instead tweeted praise for miss bennett . she posted : ' i really like natalie bennett ' , before later writing : ' i honestly believe that natalie bennett was wonderful . ' in a further snub to mr miliband , who she failed to tweet about , she added : ' the female party members were incredible . ' the 25-year-old , who signed the letter saying the country needs ' a better plan for prosperity ' , has boasted on her blog about her exotic holidays . she wrote : ‘ travelling the world has always been a passion of mine , especially thailand and i thought i would share with you the best five weeks of my life hoping that i can impart some knowledge if you too , are looking to travel around thailand or cambodia . ’ labour leader ed miliband ( left ) has faced further embarrassment today after plus-sized blogger callie thorpe right ) withdrew her support of a high-profile letter backing him . the party had revealed a letter signed by 100 people ‘ from all walks of life ' including ms thorpe who describes herself as a ' plus size style and lifestyle blogger , fan of lipsticks , food , travel and self love ' . she has also posted photographs of trips to berlin , paris and amsterdam . she is a size 18 to 20 . the signatories of the letter supporting mr miliband said they were ‘ all working people’ . they warned about the ‘ proliferation of zero-hours contracts’ , which they claimed were ‘ letting down britain’ and showed that ‘ we need a labour government to put working people first’ . but labour removed the name of one of the signatories after she was exposed as nigerian woman convicted of a £27,000 benefit fraud . the blogger posted during the election debate ( pictured ) that she ' really liked natalie bennett ' , before later writing : ' i honestly believe that natalie bennett was wonderful ' . others included 21-year-old manchester university students john-jo pierce and rory somerville , who were pictured on their facebook pages smoking cigars whilst dressed in black tie . mr pierce 's mother , who lives in a £1million house in surrey , said her son had signed the letter despite knowing ' nothing about politics ' . several of the signatories were also exposed as labour councillors and even an ex-mp . miss thorpe tonight wrote on twitter that she had signed the letter ' as a woman who grew up on a council estate with a single parent income ' . she added : ' i work x2 jobs and feel passionately about supporting the most vulnerable in our society . '