chaos over labour 's plan to target wealthy foreigners has left even ed miliband 's own family baffled . mike keen , the labour leader 's cousin , said he was ' officially confused ' over whether or not the party was actually promising to scrap non-dom rules . mr miliband used a speech yesterday to say he would ' abolish ' the 200-year-old rule for non-doms , but in january ed balls said it would cost the country money . mike keen , the labour leader 's cousin , said he was ' officially confused ' over whether or not the ed miliband was actually promising to scrap non-dom rules . mr keen posted on his public facebook page that he needed someone to explain to him just what the labour policy was . non-domicile status allows people living and working in britain to only pay tax on their uk income , but not earnings from overseas . they must prove that they regard a foreign country as their real home . but mr miliband argues that non-dom tests ' are not very rigorous ' and can be granted to people who have a burial plot or property abroad . newspaper reports suggested that non-dom rules would be scrapped by labour altogether . but it emerged labour would allow ' real temporary residents ' to take advantage of the rules - with the time limit to be consulted on should they take power in the general election on may 7 . in a speech in warwick yesterday , mr miliband said that everyone who has made britain their permanent home should pay full uk tax on all their income and gains . ' it is not fair . it is not just . it holds britain back . we will stop it . the next labour government will abolish the non-dom rule , ' he said . he was backed by mr balls , the shadow chancellor , who told bbc radio 5 live : ' we 're going to change it , abolish it and it will raise a lot of money . ' but it emerged in a january interview mr balls said : ' i think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country . ' the contradiction was seized on by the conservatives , who produced an internet graphic showing mr balls ' two quotes . mr keen , a retired gp , posted the image to his facebook page , adding : ' can someone explain this to me please , i am now officially confused . ' in january shadow chancellor ed balls warned : ' i think if you abolished the whole status then probably it ends up costing britain money because there will be some people who will then leave the country . ' a friend suggested he ' ask a certain member of your family i am sure he will give you chapter and verse on it and invite him into the group i am sure we wo n't abuse him to much ' . mr keen asked his friends on the site : ' what would you say to my lil cuz if he were on here ? ' announcing the policy , labour aides suggested the change in the rules , which date back to the 18th century , would raise as much as £1billion . but tax advisers immediately disputed this , saying driving non-doms away would in fact cost the treasury significant sums . with non-doms paying around £8billion in tax and national insurance a year , it is claimed that labour 's proposal could in fact create a huge hole in treasury coffers . last year mr keen declined to say if he was planning to vote for his cousin . he told the sunday times : ' ed 's my cousin and i have known him all my life . that 's all i can say . i do n't talk about politics on the doorstep . ' and he suggested that voters think david miliband would have made a better prime minister . he said : ' the people out there will say david would have made a really good prime minister . that 's the general feeling out there . people do n't take the piss out of him . they would n't dare . people would n't take the piss out of dave . '