an elderly widow has been left distraught after her pet dog suffered third degree burns following a routine operation . marina lyons , 80 , took her beloved dog rosie to the pdsa petaid hospital in hull for an operation to remove her spleen after a scan detected a tumour . the operation , carried out three weeks ago , was successful but when marina returned home with the ten-year-old lhasa apso dog , she noticed lots of bruising on the its back . marina lyons , 80 , discovered third degree burns on her dog rosie 's back after taking the lhasa apso for surgery to remove her spleen due to a suspected tumour . when ms lyons discovered bruising on the dog 's back she asked the vet about it , who told her it was from the operation . not satisfied , she took the dog for a second opinion , when the burns were discovered . marina said : ' after we discovered the bruising we rang the pdsa and they advised us to bring rosie in for them to have a look at her . ' the vet told us they had put her on a heat pad to aid her recovery , which had led to a burn on her side . they said the bruising was from the operation . ' they then told us they did n't need to see rosie for another four weeks . ' not satisfied with the first vet 's explanation , mrs lyons took rosie to vets4pets in anlaby for a second opinion . marina said : ' the vet there was shocked . he wanted to see the extent of her bruising and decided to shave rosie 's hair on her back . ' it was when he shaved her hair he discovered third degree burns on her back . we were horrified . ' rosie had to have treatment to remove dead skin from the burn , and is expected to have a skin graft . it is thought the injuries were caused by a heat blanket used during her recovery from spleen surgery . rosie had a further operation on tuesday to remove the dead skin tissue from the burn . a skin graft is also planned for next week . marina said : ' when you take a sick dog to the vets you do expect the operation to be a success , which it has , but you do not expect the dog to end up like this . ' a pdsa spokeswoman confirmed they had received a complaint regarding rosie 's treatment . she said : ' we take all complaints of this nature very seriously and have launched a full investigation . ' while we can not discuss individual cases due to client confidentiality , we will be in direct contact with mrs lyons during the investigation . ' 