a retired marine has pleaded not guilty to murdering his clothing-designer girlfriend , whose skeletal remains were discovered in a jungle in panama two years after she disappeared . brian karl brimager , 37 , entered his plea on friday after he was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego , in connection with the death of yvonne lee baldelli . he has been in custody since june 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation . the 42-year-old woman from laguna niguel , california , was last seen in september 2011 when she arrived in panama with brimager . her family reported her missing the following january . brian karl brimager , 37 , was indicted by a federal grand jury in san diego , in connection with the death of yvonne lee baldelli . the 42-year-old woman from laguna niguel , california , was last seen in september 2011 when she arrived in panama with brimager . her family reported her missing the following january . the indictment alleges that brimager murdered baldelli , dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area . brimager then engaged in an elaborate scheme to cover up the crime , including destroying evidence and sending a series of emails purportedly from baldelli in order to make it appear to her friends and family that she was still alive , according to court papers . the indictment also alleges that brimager attempted to conceal his crime by disposing of a bloody mattress involved in badelli 's murder in the ocean . brimager conducted two internet searches on baldelli 's computer , one for ' washing mattress ' and a second for ' washing mattress blood stain , ' according to documents . a man who was cutting bushes on the island province of bocas del toro found a bag containing baldelli 's remains in august 2013 . baldelli 's family has the clothing designer was frequently out of touch so they did not immediately suspect anything was wrong . panama police say brimager left panama for costa rica and the united states about 10 days after last being seen with baldelli . in 2012 fbi agents and panamanian forensic specialists found traces of blood on the walls and floor of the hostel el sapo in the bocas del toro archipelago , which is the popular tourist spot where baldelli was last seen . brimager ( right ) has been in custody since june 2013 on charges including obstruction of justice and falsifying records related to the investigation . the indictment alleges that brimager murdered baldelli ( pictured ) , dismembered her body and disposed of her body parts in a remote jungle area . panama police say brimager left panama for costa rica and the united states about 10 days after last being seen with baldelli .   sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .