timothy mcveigh considered the bombing of the oklahoma city federal building 20 years ago a failure because the structure was still standing after the blast that killed 168 people . mcveigh also viewed himself as a ' paul revere-type messenger ' and even suggested his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government , according an archive of documents donated by the convicted bomber 's lead attorney . the estimated one million pages of paper documents from stephen jones now fill 550 file cabinet-sized boxes at the briscoe center for american history at the university of texas . the trove , which was delivered to the school where the attorney received his undergraduate degree in three phases since 1998 , only became fully organized late last year . scroll down for video . timothy mcveigh ( right ) is escorted from the noble county courthouse in oklahoma by fbi agents in 1995 . a photo taken on april 27 , 1995 , shows damage to the alfred p murrah federal building after the truck bomb . rescue workers continue digging through the rubble after the deadly bombing in oklahoma city in april 1995 . firemen examine the wreckage at the building after the 1,200lb truck bomb blew off the structure 's north side . the archive includes a confidential report from a polygraph examiner , who wrote that mcveigh had wanted to `take out ' the murrah building on april 19 , 1995 . although the blast killed 168 , including 19 children , the examiner concluded that ' in mcveigh 's mind , he believed that he had definitely screwed up because he left the building still standing ' . mcveigh was executed by injection in 2001 at age 33 . co-conspirator terry nichols was convicted separately and sentenced to life in prison . even as he stood accused of orchestrating what until the sept. 11 attacks was considered the deadliest act of terrorism on us soil , mcveigh appeared to be driven by profit and thought his attorneys should be entitled to ' $ 800,000 ( after fees , taxes ) . ' ' if i 'm gon na die anyway , i want to make some money . not for me , but to try to make up for what my family has been put thru , as well as to shell out some `bonuses ' to my legal team. , ' he wrote in one note to his defense team included in the archive . in another , he doodled a tank ramming a house and wrote : ' this is the fbi ! ... send out your women and children . we know you 're in there and we know you have bibles and a copy of the constitution ! ' the collection also includes a copy of a published cartoon showing 11 jurors frowning and one smiling , with an arrow pointing to her and the note : ' my choice , potential juror . ' mcveigh was identified as a suspect in the bombing of the building , sentenced to death and executed in 2001 . medical assistants run from the blast site after being told another bomb had been found on april 19 , 1995 . this is one of over 500 boxes of attorney/client documents that were donated by attorney stephen jones . an oklahoma city police car decorated with kind words and a small american flag sits near the blast area . don carleton , executive director of the museum , said jones was n't comfortable putting the material at an oklahoma institution ' because the feelings were so raw ' and his fears the collection could be perceived as ' almost a shrine ' to the convicted bomber . carleton said : ' it 's been a difficult collection to figure out how to let people know we have it available for research . ' you do n't want to promote it . that 's not the right word . you do n't want to publicize it without coming across as being somewhat celebratory . ' it 's almost like holocaust records . you 've got a whole bunch of people who are rightly so sensitive to this . ' besides the handwritten notes from mcveigh , the defense case files include reports of investigations , news stories , photos , recordings and trial exhibits . in 2001 , jones published a book suggesting mcveigh and nichols could not have been alone in carrying out the bombing , mcveigh denied any knowledge of another collaborator , or presence of an accomplice who became known in the case as john doe no . 2 . but the polygraph examiner , tim domgard , wrote there were ' indications of deception ' in mcveigh 's responses related to questions about others involved . mcveigh provided a first-person account of the bombing during two days of interviews with jones in september 1995 . an unidentified woman calls out to friends as she waits for treatment following the truck bomb in okc in 1995 . an evidence photo showing oklahoma city bomber mcveigh from the briscoe center for american history . a hurt woman holds a child following the blast that killed 168 people , including 19 children , and injured more . federal alcohol , tobacco and firearms and fbi agents survey the damage to the alfred murrah building . he talked of lighting the fuse in a rental truck filled with explosive fertilizer , parking it at the building , throwing the key behind the seat , then walking away and trying not to look conspicuous , even after the blast hit . he told jones that he did n't have the resources to conduct a ' solo war ' and was convinced he ' could have gotten away clean from this and continued on if i had anywhere to go . ' ' i determined that the best way would be to continue on as the paul revere type messenger instead of the john brown type revolutionary , that you could accomplish maybe two in one , ' mcveigh said . in the polygraph interview , mcveigh said when he was pulled over by an oklahoma highway trooper shortly after the bombing for not displaying a license plate on his car , he had ' several opportunities to kill the trooper , however , did not because he was a state official and not a federal official . ' asked about events leading up to the bombing , mcveigh said ' action had to be taken ' after the 1994 passage of the assault weapons ban , but said he was n't certain at that time exactly what kind of action would be appropriate . in other notes , he also points to the outcome of the branch davidian siege near waco as an influence . the building in downtown oklahoma city falls in a dust cloud as it is demolished by explosives in may 1995 . terry nichols seen leaving a federal court building in may 1995 . he is serving a life sentence for his role . a view from the plaza overlooking the oklahoma city national memorial site from may of 2001 ( file photo ) . the entrance to the oklahoma city national memorial is pictured at dusk in oklahoma city in april of 2015 . the files have numerous references to media coverage and mcveigh 's sense that jones was too cozy with reporters and tv producers . mcveigh complained to jones in 1995 that he was granting so many television and newspaper interviews , ' i am afraid you are becoming addicted to the `media bug . ' jones responded : ' if you want to keep the media on your side , they must be fed . ' in one note to jones marked ' personal , ' mcveigh told him if anyone ever approached him ' to `lean ' on you to `throw ' my case , please confide in me . ' ' i am a realist , and i know our government , ' he added . ' tdc - threat , duress , or coercion - is a standard . money or muscle can influence all but the most ideological . ' in the interview with jones detailing the bombing and his arrest , he recalled how someone at the jail watching television coverage of the bombing investigation told him he resembled a composite photo of a suspect being sought . then a court appearance for his arrest for carrying a concealed gun and knife during the traffic stop , he noticed increased police activity around the courthouse where he was held . after his bond was set at $ 5,000 , a woman in an adjacent cell told him : ' they think you 're the bomber . ' ' and i said , `no way . ' and then here is where it becomes a blur , stephen , ' mcveigh told jones .