a new orleans couple bought a ramshackle historic cottage , moved it across the city and renovated it all the while using salvaged materials and respecting the home 's original floor plan . gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the the two-story 1840s creole home from the central city neighborhood after a church said they wanted to demolish it and expand their parking lot . the couple moved it to the freret neighborhood where they then spent seven months renovating . tillero and her husband ensslen now live in the home with their two sons , six-year-old santiago and nine-year-old javier , as well as tillero 's mother , olga tillero . scroll down for video . gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought this 1840s creole cottage style home in the central city neighborhood of new orleans almost two years ago . the couple then dismantled the home , moved it to the freret neighborhood of the city and renovated the home while respecting the floor plan and using salvaged materials to decorate the home . to honor the home 's original duplex floor plan while still creating a single-family home , ensslen and tillero put a massive wooden staircase between the kitchen and living room . the home is decorated with materials salvaged from other homes and salvage markets . the bookshelf on the right holding dishes was part of a house ensslen restored in 1999 . this is what the central city house looked like before tillero and ensslen bought up the house and moved it to the freret neighborhood where it sits now . the original staircase in the home separated the building into a duplex . in the renovated home tillero and ensslen honored the staircase idea by putting a massive wooden staircase separating the kitchen from the living room . ' we bought the house to save the house - it was slated for demolition , ' ensslen told the times-picayune . ' i 've always liked the creole cottage style . ' ensslen , who 's a historic renovation developer and organizer of the freret market and freret street festival , and tillero wanted to live outside central city , so they bought the house before they had a lot to put it on . they ended up having to dismantle the structure and put it into storage . ' we had to dismantle it completely , ' ensslen said . ' it was a stack of lumber . we put it in a few dumpsters . ' the dumpsters were stored on a secured lot near the city 's industrial canal , where they sat for a year until the couple found a lot that fit the house 's dimensions . once they sorted how to rebuilt the cottage 's floor plan and collected materials for its interior , they purchased a lot . they rebuilt and renovated the house in seven months . one of the kitchen walls is decorated with a series of hand-crank egg beaters , which ensslen began collecting in the 1980s when he moved to new orleans . all of the wood in the home was stripped of old paint and finished with linseed oil for a more golden touch in order to give it more character . the couple bought the home almost two years before they were able to live in it . it sat in storage for a year and then went through seven months of renovations . once the couple found a lot that would fit the cottage 's dimensions , they spent seven months renovating the home . before the couple salvaged it , the kitchen 's large island was a sewing table at an old department store . its stove top is from the 1940s . tillero and ensslen 's kitchen was kept simple , having the counter tops made out of poured concrete that was dyed black . for the kitchen cabinets and drawers , ensslen used forks and spooks given to him by his parents when he moved to new orleans . the cottage was originally a duplex , but tillero and ensslen decided to change the home into a single-home floor plan . they added an august floating staircase in the middle of the ground floor , to honor the split . ' what a lot of new orleans charm is about is the millwork and doors and stuff , ' ensslen said . ' i 'm glad we were able to have that . ' the wooden staircase features a 20th-century iron railing that was salvaged from an old housing project in another neighborhood of new orleans . it 's anchored by beams that are camouflaged by a guest bathroom that sits between the living room and the kitchen . antique lanterns light a tiny bathroom around the corner from the entryway and flooring of the house comes from wide pine planks that once were part of the roof , which was covered by tiles . ' until recently , there was no plywood ' for roof substructures , ensslen said . ensslen and tillero bought the house after a church said they wanted to tear it down and expand its parking lot to that site . through ensslen 's work with the preservation resource center , he was able to negotiate a salvage instead of a demolition of the house . from the stairs of the two-story house , a person can see both the kitchen and the living room from above . the living room of the home features a coffee table made out of an old ' pedestrians crossing ' street sign and wooden legs . tillero and ensslen live in the home with their two sons , six-year-old santiago and nine-year-old javier , as well as tillero 's mother , olga tillero . the home features walk-through windows that raise from the ground and lead out to the cottage 's massive front porch . the chest of drawers is one of the many recycled and salvaged pieces of furniture in the family 's home . ensslen and tillero turned to artist friends to help decorate the cottage . the doors and mantels were stripped of old paint and finished with linseed oil for a more golden touch . ' the paint usually hides imperfections in the wood , but the nicks and bumps , they add more character , ensslen said . the windows date back to before the house was purchased , before tillero and ensslen were married . when they were dating , ensslen spotted the ' square , very masculine windows ' at a salvage yard . ' i 'd never seen anything like that . ' after purchasing them they were stolen , but he got the one-of-a-kind windows back through his contacts int he salvage market industry . tillero and ensslen reached out to friends for interior decorating ideas . the living room features a tall built-in cabinet that was created out of wood from an old shed . a friend of the couple built the cabinet to accommodate tillero , ensslen and their two sons . salvaged shutters are used as one wall of the room that javier and santiago share on the second floor . they seemed to have lined the shutters with ribbons they have received . photos of ensslen and tillero with their sons javier and santiago decorate the walls of their bedroom in vintage white frames . ensslen and tillero 's bedroom door was recycled from the old maison blanche department store chain in new orleans . the door to the couple 's bedroom was recycled from an old department store . its door handle remains the same knob as the original door , marked with the maison blanche emblem . another wall of the couple 's room is lined with hats . ensslen and tillero wanted to rebuild their home on a lot that got plenty of natural light . ensslen received these glass panels from his father who worked in a stained glass factory in new jersey after a they ' did n't fit the client 's spec ' . a key rack hanging in the home appears to be made out of old hooks and wood , along with recycled washers , chain links and wire . the massive , garage-door style cabinet fits a television , wine rack and cubbie holes for javier and santiago . its wood , coincidentally , matches the colonial-style blue color of the kitchen walls - a paint the couple has held on to for 14 years and used in a previous home . comic-book-style , custom-made decals line the walls of the sons ' playroom , which has low desks that the kids can use for arts and crafts . the kitchen was kept simple , with counters made of black poured concrete that contrasts the bamboo and canvas blinds . a salvaged , brass-footed island sits in the middle of the kitchen . it used to be a sewing table at an old department store . as for the cabinets , the handles are created out of bent utensils . and ensslen says that the 1940s tappan kitchen stove top is a highlight of of the house . though it required a bit of rehabilitation , ensslen claims ' it 's the best stove ever ' . unused signage sits in the couple 's driveway , waiting to be used for their next project . the couple plans to use it to create art to put in their home . pots and signs line the driveway of the home . ensslen and tillero salvaged recycled materials from all over while renovating . the windows date back to before the house was purchased , before tillero and ensslen were married . when they were dating , ensslen spotted the ' square , very masculine windows ' at a salvage yard . the orange front door to the cottage stands out against the home 's green , white and blue paint . walk-through windows line the porch . the home sits in new orleans 's freret neighborhood , where ensslen is an organizer of the freret market and freret street festival . the home features a foliage-covered front yard and two vintage cars sit in the driveway . though it was originally a duplex , ensslen and tillero decided to turn the home into a single-family structure . not only is the inside covered in art , but the outside features salvaged materials and art as well . a star-shaped sculpture created by ensslen hangs on the side of the house .