attack : sam barton , who has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery to look like joey essex , was egged on easter monday ( pictured ) . ' britain 's vainest man ' who had taxpayer-funded plastic surgery to look like reality star joey essex said today he is being bullied online by a gang who have now thrown eggs in his face . sam barton , who has had £55,000 of cosmetic surgery - including two operations on the nhs - believes the culprits tracked him down using his facebook posts and then attacked him in the street . the 22-year-old says abuse online about his appearance also forced him to move house . on easter monday he was attacked by a group of men who pelted him with eggs from a car . sam had been enjoying a drink in the green house pub in sutton coldfield , west midlands , when a group of men shouted abuse at him as he left . the yobs then hurled six eggs at him before speeding off - leaving him with yolk and shell running down his face on the pavement . sam said he believed he had been targeted because he had ' checked in ' at the pub on facebook minutes earlier . he said : ' it was quite a shock at first . i had just left the pub with two friends when i was suddenly pelted in eggs . ' there was shell in my hair and yolk dripping down my face . ' they shouted my name and swore at me as they drove past and threw eggs at me . ' they clearly did n't like me . it was not the kind of egg i was hoping to receive over the easter holiday but after the shock had worn off i did have a laugh about it . ' scroll down for video . sam had been taking part in filming with geordie shore star vicky pattison on saturday april 4 - just two days before he was attacked . spending : barton has spent £20,000 on treatment for his teeth , around £5,000 on botox , £2,000 on waxing and £2,500 on tanning treatment . two nose jobs have cost £10,400 , although one was free on the nhs . pursuit of celebrity : sam barton has gone bankrupt financing plastic surgery and a champagne lifestyle to match his towie heroes joey essex , together left , and harry derbidge , right . the pair spent the day being pampered at a beauty salon and then enjoying drinks in birmingham for a reality show which will be aired on mtv . debts : barton admits he had debts of £100,000 on 15 credit cards and store cards trying to make it as a celeb . he also recently appeared on popular itv show judge rinder to resolve a wrangle with a lapdancer friend over a botox treatment row . sam , who has spent £55,000 on perfecting his look , revealed in january he was going bankrupt after racking up debts of £35,000 on his champagne lifestyle . sam is the grandson of aston villa 's european cup winning boss tony barton and is best friends with benefits street star white dee . fame-hungry sam previously revealed he had spent £55,000 on reconstructive surgery and beauty treatments to turn himself into the ' perfect man . ' and he has amassed credit card debts of £25,000 in four years in search of the joey essex look that he hopes will make him a star . he has spent £20,000 on treatment for his teeth , around £5,000 on botox , £2,000 on waxing and £2,500 on tanning treatment . two nose jobs have cost £10,400 , although one was free on the nhs . he admitted spending an astonishing £100,000 in just four years , blowing up to £2,000 a night on £300 bottles of expensive fizz . sam , who lives with mum jackie , dad chris and brother ed in sutton coldfield , plunged into the red after spending a fortune on plastic surgery . he added : ' i 've spent around £55,000 trying to improve my looks and get the perfect image . ' the rest i 've spent on designer clothes , jewellery , holidays , spa treatment and champagne . ' in total , i have spent around £100,000 . at one point i counted 15 credit cards and store cards . ' i really do not regret it , i have had the time of my life over the last few years . ' my manager says this bankruptcy thing will clear my debts , so it 's basically free money is n't it ? ' sam , who is best pals with benefits street 's white dee , is now setting his sights on a place in the big brother house this summer . 