a texas father is accused of shooting dead his 22-year-old son for coming to the defense of his mother during a heated domestic argument . harris county sheriff 's officials say ulysses beaudoin , 39 , gunned down ulysses nelson tuesday night after showing up at the family 's home in katy with his mistress in tow . deputies say the deadly confrontation took place at around 9amm at 6622 gordon drive in the bear creek meadows subdivision . scroll down for video . filicide : ulysses beaudoin ( left ) , 39 , of texas , is accusing of killing his 22-year-old son and namesake , ulysses nelson ( right ) , when the young man tried to intercede on behalf of his mother during a domestic argument . crime scene : the deadly incident took place inside the family 's home in katy , texas , tuesday night when ulysses beaudoin arrived with his girlfriend in tow . beaudoin had pulled up to the house in his ford suv and went inside . his girlfriend , who has not been named , remained in her own car around the corner . moments later , beaudoin got into a fight with his wife of 18 years , christina nelson , in the master bedroom , reported click2houston . when the couple 's 22-year-old son tried to intervene , deputies say the father pulled out a 9mm handgun and shot him twice in the back . the armed man then allegedly threatened his 18-year-old son , sending the teen fleeing for his life . the boy ran to a neighbor for help , crying hysterically and begging her to call 911 and then check up on his older brother , who had been shot . nelson was pronounced dead at the scene from his wounds . protector : deputies say beaudoin and his wife of 18 years , christina nelson ( right ) , got into an argument in the bedroom , prompting their son ( left ) to step in . in cold blood : beaudion allegedly pulled a 99m handgun on his 22-year-old son and shot him twice in the back . pursuit : the 39-year-old suspect jumped into his girlfriend 's car and fled , but police tracked him down at a nearby shell gas station . crocodile tears : the 39-year-old suspect was seen weeping and muttering , ' my baby , ' as he was being handcuffed . an infant was also present in the house at the time of the shooting but escaped unharmed , according to abc13 . according to investigators , the gunman then jumped in his girlfriend’s dodge charger and the two fled the scene , but responding officers tracked them down and arrested beaudoin at a shell station near the house . the 39-year-old suspect was seen weeping as he was being handcuffed , reported the news site covering katy . at one point , he cried out , ' my baby , ' presumably referring to his dead son . ulysses beaudoin is now facing a murder charge in nelson’s slaying . 