lionel messi 's foot swelling is still a concern for barcelona after the argentine star missed both games for his country during the international break , and he now faces tests to determine whether he will be fit to tackle celta vigo on sunday . the worries about messi 's fitness make the front cover of spanish paper sport , who say that the four-time ballon d'or winner wants to play as his side look to close in on the la liga title . however , those hopes could be curtailed by tests on thursday . team-mate gerard pique had spoken of his optimism regarding messi 's chances of playing on saturday but it seems far from certain with as labelling him a ' doubt ' . sport 's front page says lionel messi wants to play at the weekend and as ' front page reads : ' next is gaya ' . messi was left out of both of argentina 's games during the international break with his swollen foot problem . while messi wants to play , the problem continues and he faces tests on thursday to decide if he can play . marca talk about danilo and real madrid 's new transfer policy while mundo deportivo look at felipe anderson . ' in the end it is up to how he feels during the rest of the week , ' pique said . ' the medical staff are those who should decide . my feeling is that he will play . ' espn have claimed that messi 's injury , which has been shrouded in mystery , was the result of a tackle by martin demichelis during manchester city 's champions league exit against barca last month . ' messi broke down the right hoping to put the ball into the area for ( luis ) suarez or neymar , ' espn reported . espn have claimed that messi 's injury was the result of a tackle by manchester city 's martin demichelis . the la liga top scorer did manage to play in el clasico against real madrid , but his impact was limited . ' at that moment demichelis savagely brought him down and sent him crashing into the advertising hoardings . messi did not get up and when he finally moved grabbed his right foot with both hands , visibly concerned . ' while the la liga top scorer did manage to play in el clasico against real madrid , his impact was limited and the problem has since become more troublesome . as also focus on the interest of england 's top two clubs in bringing a young spanish talent to the barclays premier league . jose luis gaya is a 19-year-old left back playing for valencia as part of the defence with the second-best record in la liga this season . manchester city and chelsea target jose luis gaya shields the ball from fernando torres for valencia . mundo deportivo say felipe anderson is a target for barcelona having also been linked to manchester city . gaya 's rumoured £13.1million release clause could tempt chelsea and manchester city , who as say are ready to bring in one of the up-and-coming stars of spanish football although they face competition from real madrid . mundo deportivo also touch on messi 's late medical tests but their main story is on how barcelona are keeping tabs on the top talent coming out of serie a , with a particular focus on lazio midfielder felipe anderson . the barca-based paper say the la liga leaders have been spying on anderson 's progress of late , while manchester city are also known to hold an interest . corriere dello sport look at the race for the champions league while tuttosport see juve 's ' cup obsession ' . torino right back matteo darmian is linked with a move to barcelona in tuttosport after starring for italy . l'equipe speculate at what could happen with radamel falcao after his loan at manchester united ends . falcao 's potential move back to ligue 1 is prominent on l'equipe 's front page while a bola look at heldon . in italy , corriere dello sport look at a familiar topic for english fans : the race for the champions league , with a focus on roma and napoli . the capital club are just one point ahead of their closest rivals for a european place , and they face a tough derby against lazio in saturday 's early kick-off . tuttosport choose to look at juventus ' trophy obsession , with director pavel nedved saying : ' we 've got to believe in the champions league . ' they also mention barcelona 's serie a scouting , with torino right back matteo darmian the man they are going for . meanwhile , l'equipe in france speculate about a return to monaco for manchester united 's on-loan flop radamel falcao and portugal 's a bola say heldon ramos will return from his loan at cordoba to find a starting place at sporting lisbon .