this is the incredible moment a man narrowly missed being burnt alive by a massive fireball which erupted from the pavement . father-of-two shiraz nawaz said he felt lucky to be alive after the 15-foot flames shot out of the manhole just seconds after he had walked over it in a busy street in the west midlands . the 36-year-old had been on his way to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him . flames as high as 15ft tall erupted from a manhole in the west midlands just moments after a pedestrian had walked over it . shiraz nawaz , 36 , said he felt lucky to be alive after he narrowly missed being burnt by flames shooting out of the manhole . as he turned around he noticed the charred ground and watched on as thick black smoke began billowing from the manhole . the smoke was followed by a huge blast of flame which shot out 15-foot of the ground on the pedestrian walkway . further bursts of flame and thick black plumes of smoke were to follow . despite his shock , the building contractor was able to grab his phone in time to film the terrifying incident . ' had it literally been a few seconds earlier i would have been walking right over it , ' said a shaken mr shiraz . mr nawaz said he had been walking to his local takeaway when he heard buzzing from the ground just a few feet behind him and noticed the blackened cover . as he watched on in shock , thick black smoke began to escape from the manhole in the busy street in shirley , solihull . ' i 'm so lucky i did n't get burned . i think i used up one of my lives right there . ' i 've never seen anything like it , and i have been in the building trade . ' miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident , thanks to mr shiraz who had evacuated the nearby takeaway . the former gas engineer told the staff to turn off the gas supply and also rang the fire service after the incident in the busy stratford road , shirley , solihull . firefighters extinguished the blaze , which they said was caused by a fire in an underground link box - which distributes electricity - below the manhole . neighbouring properties had to be evacuated and many others lost power for several hours as crews tackled the electrical fire which was thought to have started accidentally . shiraz , who now fits kitchens and bathrooms , said : ' to think that i had just walked over that . ' the flames kept shooting up - maybe five or six times . the smoke was followed by a quick blast of flame which shot out of the manhole on the pedestrian walkway . flames shot up to a startling 15-foot high and could be reaching the top of the nearby shop and take away fronts . ' i 'm a building contractor so i knew that when i heard the noises it was something to do with electrics . it was like a buzzing . ' i knew what it was but i did n't expect flames to come shooting out straight away or anything like that . shiraz was walking from his home to the dixie chicken shop around the corner from his home when he saw the flames at around 7pm on monday . ' i got my phone out because i heard the actual noise and i think i saw a flash , ' he said . ' i think i managed to get it on film just as the first real flames came up . ' it looked like it was coming from a manhole cover . it was quite shocking . ' i told the guys in the shop to switch off the gas and get everyone out . i told them to stop any unassuming person from walking down the road while i stayed on the other side . flames were followed by more plumes of dark smoke continued to billow up out of the charred ground reaching several feet high . miraculously nobody was hurt in the incident after shiraz evacuated the nearby takeaway , told them to turn off their gas supply , and called the fire service . ' the guy in the shop grabbed me a couple of burgers after everything , so i guess it had a happy ending . ' a spokesman for west midlands fire service said : ' we had a number of calls about about it - probably five or six , maybe a couple more . ' it involved a fire in an underground electrical link box . the electrical supply was isolated by western power . ' power was isolated to surrounding homes and premises for four hours . ' three people were evacuated from one of the properties . ' we used a co2 extinguisher and a hose real with foam , because it was an electrical fire . it was accidental . ' western power distribution workers were later seen repairing the man hole cover in shirley , solihull . the area had been evacuated and blocked off as western power distribution employees worked to fix the underground link box . incredibly no-one was hurt in the incident and quick-thinking shiraz managed to grab his phone in time to take a film of the astonishing flames .