sports car icons porsche have put their newest vehicle to the test in a mesmerising world-first stunt in the australia outback . the video depicts the 918 spyder clocking 350km/h as it rockets down a dead-straight stretch of road on the on the stuart highway , north of alice springs , on a stretch of road with no speed limit . the car was driven by new zealand professional race car driver craig baird , who switches the vehicle into ‘ race hybrid’ and slams his foot on the throttle when they reach the unrestricted zone . scroll down for video . the video is part of a promotional tour from porsche to promote their 918 spyder , a limited edition $ 900,000 supercar . the $ 900,000 vehicle is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system which can accelerate from 60km/h to its 350km/h top speed in a mere 40 seconds . in ‘ race hybrid‘ mode the motors work in unison with the 4.6-litre v8 petrol to deliver a staggering 8,500 rpm of power . obviously , this stunt is not to be tried by the amateur driver : porsche used radios and spotters to ensure that the road was completely empty at the time , and baird is a highly-experienced racer with multiple v8 supercars and porsche carrera cup race wins to his name . in 2012 , craig baird was honoured with a special porsche bonnet , recognising him as the most successful carrera cup driver in the world . the video depicts the car rocketing down a dead-straight stretch of unrestricted road in the outback . the car is driven by a petrol-electric hybrid system which can accelerate from 60km/h to its 350km/h top speed in a mere 40 seconds . the 918 spyder is concluding a promotional tour of australia that showcases the companies e- hybrid models . the car has been on display in porsche centre showrooms and is heading to its final stop at the porsche centre in brisbane . the left hand drive 918 spyder is a limited edition supercar , with the company planning to manufacture only 918 units in 2015 . the 918 spyder is concluding a promotional tour of australia that showcases the companies e- hybrid models . the car is driven by new zealand driver craig baird , a highly-experienced racer with multiple v8 supercars and porsche carrera cup race wins to his name .  