i see usain bolt on the circuit and he’s always good fun . he likes to make jokes of me ! i remember in moscow , at the last world championships , when i was competing in the 200m when most people saw me as a 100m runner , he killed me in the warmup . ‘ what are you doing ? ’ he asked me . ‘ this is for the 200m runners – the 100m was a few days ago . you missed it . ’ i told him i was doing the 200m . ‘ why ? he asked again . i said i wanted to try it . he was winding me up . it was helping me relax , actually . it was very nice . adam gemili says usain bolt is a joker on the circuit and gives him great advice . the young british athlete says he is nowhere near bolt 's standard at the moment but it could be his time soon . gemili has announced his participation in the sainsbury 's anniversary games this summer . it obviously worked , as i then ran sub-20 and he was praising me a lot and saying great things about me . bolt gave me some great advice to really enjoy athletics and have fun with it . he told me to have patience with it , make sure you keep enjoying it and you will get serious when you get a bit older and start to take it more seriously but don’t put pressure on yourself to perform . no matter whatever anyone says or writes , make sure you’re always having a good time . he’s good like that . i can take that into this year . i like to think i always have a great time when i go to compete . i always give a big smile before races because you never get bored of that feeling ; people cheering for you and making you feel like ‘wow’ all this training you’ve done in the winter and throwing up on the track , all the hard slog is worth it . it’s a brilliant feeling . hopefully i can get a bit more serious , now that i’ve just finished uni and i will start to get a bit more competitive with those guys . i don’t think bolt will be too worried about me at the moment , he’s something special when he gets himself into shape and competing . i’m very lucky to be around at this time when he’s at his peak and running . to be in the mix and be a part of these guys is nice . bolt has been beaten before , which shows he is only human . after those guys have retired — sprinters like tyson gay and justin gatlin — it’ s quite open for people to step in and take the mantle . obviously the american and jamaican sprinters have always been the top dogs , they are very powerful nations and hard guys to beat . in britain and europe we have some great young names coming through that can go on and push the performances up . i’d like to think there is a chance for british sprinters to step into the void . we don’t do the sport to come second or third . you do the sport to try to be the best . there will be a nice little gap opening and it will encourage a lot of people to step up their performance . ten british sprinters - including gemili ( centre ) got together for as stunning sportsmail photoshoot . as well as funding the road to rio athletes , every week national lottery players raise over £33 million for arts , heritage , charity , community projects and grass roots sports clubs and facilities . find out where your money goes at lotterygoodcauses.org.uk .