with the 2015 general election just over two weeks away , it 's natural to expect flyers , bumper stickers and perhaps even the odd car flag to pop up across the nation . however , you might be more surprised to see shot glasses emblazoned with david cameron 's face , ukip pendents and even party leader underwear appearing on shelves . this year 's election has bought with it a bizarre batch of merchandise in a bid to sway the nation . scroll down for video . david cameron is said to have watched bake off in the past which could explain these cake cases . many of the unusual trinkets can be purchased on the official party websites which often include a ' gift ' category , should you want to bring politics into their special day . perhaps dad might like an snp decanter for his wine , or mum could bake in her new set of conservative cupcake cases , while ukip have focused on a more wearable range of accessories . we 're not entirely sure that any of these will fly off the shelves but here we round up the weirdest official - and unofficial - collectibles as we prepare to go to the polls . conservative cupcake cases . david cameron has previously revealed that he has watched the great british bake off , which might explain these rather pricey cupcake cases . the pack of 36 patriotic cases , in tory blue with a union jack design , comes in at £5 a pop . ukip pendant . we know it is n't advisable to wear your heart on your sleeve but what about your political opinion around your neck ? this cornish pewter pendant is available from the party 's store for £12 and is described as an ' ideal gift for ukip enthusiasts ' . political party underwear insures that politicians remain the butt of the joke . leader underwear . political leaders are used to being the butt of the jokes , and one retailer has taken this a step further . twisted tee , has created a range of ' political man pants ' - capacious white garments printed with the faces of the party leaders . the pair of nick clegg undies are described in ironic terms : ' hand printed gingerly in london on to 100 per cent white cotton y front . ' for men who do n't quite know whether they dress to the right or left . ' david cameron shot glass . the david cameron shot glass is one way of getting you through the lengthy process . a set of david cameron shot glasses could be the perfect excuse for a general election drinking game . now cafepress is offering the custom ceramic vessels emblazoned with the prime minister 's picture for £11 each . knock back a shot for every time he says ' hard working people ' however , and you may find yourself needing to make cuts of your own . liberal democrats 18th birthday cards . keen to snap up new voters the minute they become of age , the lib dems have created their own 18th birthday cards . the plain cards simply say , ' wishing you a happy birthday ' above the figure '18 ' written out in blue and filled with the party 's yellow bird logo . if anyone knows a large number of 17-year-olds with birthdays looming , the party 's official store offers the cards in packs of 100 for £34 . snp picnic blanket . the snp picnic blanket is the ideal way to showcase your political opinion in the great outdoors . the snp , with a revitalised nicola sturgeon at the helm , are dedicated to getting their message out there . so dedicated in fact that they are not prepared to miss a single opportunity to spread the word . the foldaway tartan picnic rug allows you to air your political views in the great outdoors for the price of £45 . snp high viz jacket . the snp are n't missing a trick when it comes to merchandising . with this handy high viz vest you can showcase your political orientation with pride in all hazardous situations and for the meagre price of £8 . the e-cigarette liquid comes in five flavours one for each of these leaders . election e-cigarette flavours . in a bizarre addition to the already unusual election memorabilia being sold , totally wicked 's red label has produced five e-cigarette liquids pairing with five of the party leaders . varieties include cameron 's eton mess , a strawberry and meringue flavour inspired by the pm 's old school . miliband 's rocky red is based on the seaside treat of teeth-cracking rock as ' being leader of the opposition is often described as the worst job in british politics , so where better to escape to for a break than the great british seaside , famous not just for being a great holiday destination but also for hosting many party political conferences . ' for an e-cigarette inspired by nigel farage , the site says : ' we all know nigel farage likes his ciggies and a pint , now it turns out he is also a vaper ! so we 've made this e-liquid especially for him . a full tobacco flavour with a dash of beer , topped with a note of espresso . ' the official conservative shop is selling baby clothes meaning they can start their opinions early . mini thatcher baby clothes . many parents are known to push their views on to their offspring and in this case they 're starting early . the official conservative website stocks baby clothes including babygros and bibs with little iron lady ( margaret thatcher 's famous nickname printed on the front . ) baby 's first election might be more appropriate . you can now own nick clegg 's apology on mp3 with proceeds going towards a children 's charity . nick clegg , i 'm sorry- the single . re-live nick clegg 's apology over the liberal democrats ' climbdown on tuition fees in full auto-tune glory with this mp3 edition with an album cover mocked up to resemble the clash 's seminal album , london calling . available to buy for £0.99 , the proceeds go towards the children 's hospital charity . snp decanter . it appears that the snp area about ready to brand just about anything . this crystal decanter engraved with ' scottish n proud ' would make an excellent novelty gift during the election . with a £75 price tag , however , it may make an awkward heirloom if the snp are n't elected . but on election night itself , what better way to pass the time as the votes are counted . ukip ladies silk scarf . want an elegant way to showcase your support for nigel farage and his party ? look no further than ukip 's silk ' pound ' logo printed on a pale , sheer scarf . the party 's website assures that it is a ' delicate chiffon ' in a ' gentle lilac ' so as to avoid being too ostentatious . and although it may feature a pound sign pattern , it is a thrifty purchase coming in at £3 . the ukip silk scarf is supposed to be the sophisticated way of showing your support for the party . these life sized cardboard cutouts make a great addition to the office ... apparently . party leader cardboard cut-out . some might say there 's not much difference between our biggest political figures and these cardboard cut-outs . fortunately we can find out for ourselves as the free-standing ed miliband , david cameron and nick clegg figures are available at amazon for £29.99 . for those of you unsure of what you would do with a life size political leader , the website provides the following suggestions : ' suitable for gifts , bedroom decoration , home theatre decoration , wall decoration , kid 's bedrooms , office desks and parties . ' choc on choc have decorated their latest offerings with nick ( left ) ed ( centre ) and david ( right ) . party leader confectionary . choc on choc have embellished their artisan chocolates with a rather unusual decoration : the faces of three of the party leaders . david cameron’s bar is studded with blueberry pieces , ed miliband’s comes in a red raspberry flavour and the nick clegg edition is filled with chunks of honeycomb . snp tea light holder . the snp tea-light holder literally allows you to hold a candle to nicola sturgeon . what better way to hold a candle to your favourite party than with an actual candle . it 's less ostentatious than some other snp souvenirs but it still has a certain glow ... for £15 a holder . ukip dog t-shirt . we 're assuming this is for a canine who is not a farage fan judging by the gesture on the reverse , but last time we checked dogs ca n't vote anyway . but if you wish to cause a stir in the park opt for this £17.95 tee from zazzle . 