australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave off depression . the minister for investment and trade , who battled depression for 43 years , appeared on abc 's q & a program , and said he tried to trick himself into thinking he was happy with an unconventional approach . ' for 10 years , i drove to work with a pen in my mouth because someone told me if your face is configured like you 're smiling , your brain thinks you are and it releases endorphins , ' he said . scroll down for video . australian mp andrew robb bravely revealed one of the unusual methods he used for more a decade to stave of depression . ' i do n't know what people thought driving the other way , but i tried everything . ' mr robb also said he would force himself to sneeze by looking at the sun - which causes him to sneeze - because it would give him a ' hit of endorphins ' . he also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood , but it was medication that ' really did the trick ' . ' for the last four years i 've had better days than any days for the 43 years before , ' mr robb said . ' for the last four years i 've had better days than any days for the 43 years before , ' mr robb said . mr robb stood down from parliament in 2009 due to his battle with depression . labor mp anna burke later said depression , and the high suicide rate in australia , was an ' epidemic ' . the former speaker of the house also said australians are too focused on hospital beds and should instead invest more in prevention strategies . ' we need to get people going to the doctors early , ' ms burke said . mr robb also revealed he listened to jazz and classical music to help with his mood , but it was medication that ' really did the trick ' . labor mp anna burke said it is key for australia to invest in prevention strategies for mental health . ' we do n't need them to wait 43 years like andrew did , ' ms burke said . ' we do n't need them to wait 43 years like andrew did . ' we need the prevention there at the beginning . we are obsessed with hospital beds in this country . why are we waiting for everybody to end up at the bottom of a cliff in the ambulance going to the hospital ? ' 