on a day of fireworks off the pitch as the row over end of season championship scheduling exploded , rangers fans let themselves down by setting off flares in the energy assets arena . as the smoke cleared on this 1-1 draw against bottom side livingston , though , stuart mccall was left ruing the explosive impact of myles hippolyte despite his ibrox side nudging one point clear of hibs in second place . the livvy attacker’s absolute cracker of a free-kick had sent the home side into the lead just two minutes after the break . hippolyte’s joy was to be short-lived , though , as rangers centre-half marius zaliukas raced up the park to restore parity with a clever back-header two minutes later . rangers dropped two points at championship bottom side livingston in their bid for promotion . livingston : jamieson , fordyce , gallacher , cole , talbot , keaghan jacobs , o'brien , pitman ( mullen 86 ) , kyle jacobs , white ( boulding 89 ) , hippolyte ( glen 81 ) . subs not used : walker , beaumont , sekajja , donaldson . booked : keaghan jacobs . goals : hippolyte 47 . rangers : bell , mcgregor , mcculloch , zaliukas , wallace , vuckic , shiels ( walsh 80 ) , murdoch , law , miller ( boyd 74 ) , clark ( hardie 74 ) . subs not used : mohsni , black , crawford , robinson . booked : vuckic . goals : zaliukas 49 . att : 4,345 . referee : greg aitken ( scotland ) . but despite leapfrogging hibs to go second , there was no mistaking mccall’s expression at full-time . to the manager , this was two points lost as rangers’ form away from ibrox once again gave them cause for concern . that’s just one win away from home in the last five championships games now , as the tense race to finish second — and avoid the third/fourth play-off games — hots up ahead of the final three matches . to be fair to mccall , he had pinpointed this clash against a resurgent livvy as one of the toughest matches his side would face before the end of the regular league season . the rangers boss made just the one change from the side that beat raith rovers 4-0 at the weekend . there was a return to centre-half for captain lee mcculloch , free from suspension after serving his two-game ban for an elbow on hearts striker osman sow . the captain’s recall saw darren mcgregor move to right back , with robbie crawford dropping onto the bench . livingston , on a run of three straight wins , made just the one change , danny mullen dropping out while the veteran burton o’brien was included to pack the home midfield . myles hippolyte gave livingston the lead early in the second half and threatened to upset rangers . hippolyte curled a free-kick into the back of the rangers net to give livingston the lead in the 47th minute . after a series of loud bangs rang out across the stadium , the game exploded into real controversy after seven minutes . livingston striker jordan white challenged rangers goalkeeper cammy bell in the air and hippolyte turned the loose ball home . as he raced away in glee , the rangers players , not to mention mccall in the dugout , looked grateful as the flag of assistant referee dougie potter halted the home celebrations . the livingston players , and fans , meanwhile , reacted furiously . there had seemed little wrong with white’s challenge on the keeper . rangers were struggling to impose themselves as an attacking force , against a side that looked nothing like relegation contenders . the best mccall’s men could muster early on was a header over the bar from nicky clark after a cross from the right wing by haris vuckic . the slovenian then saw a long-ranger effort comfortably saved by darren jamieson in the home goal . but shortly afterwards , vuckic looked fortunate to escape punishment when he appeared to catch livvy’s jason talbot in the face with his arm . referee aitken had spotted the off-the-ball incident but he elected to award a foul to livvy but took no action against the slovenian , to the visible disgust of some livingston players . keaghan jacobs sent the free-kick over the bar . five minutes before the break , kenny miller sent a 16-yard shot flying over the bar when he really should have tested goalkeeper jamieson . in the second half more booms erupted in the rangers end but they were stunned into silence as the dangerous hippolyte gave livingston a lead with a terrific goal . mcgregor fouled white at the edge of the box and hippolyte stepped up to curl a stylish and superb free-kick beyond the diving bell to leave rangers players and their fans staring at a damaging defeat . marius zaliukas equalised a couple of minutes later for rangers at the energy assets arena . rangers were unable to force a second goal and get the win , but still leapfrogged hibernian in the table . but mccall’s men showed the kind of mettle that has been missing for most of this season when they drew level within 120 seconds . vuckic sent in a free-kick from the left and there was zaliukas to get in position to flick a backwards header beyond the diving jamieson . as rangers searched for a winner , mcgregor fired in a powerful shot from the right wing that jamieson uncomfortably palmed away . and rangers thought they had gone ahead when nicky law fed miller on the right , and he cut the ball back for vuckic . but the newcastle loan star’s shot cracked the inside of the post before being scrambled away to safety . rangers survived a scare at the other end when bell slipped but the goalkeeper recovered before white could take advantage of his fall . and the livvy fans were furious when zaliukas appeared to foul scott pittman in the box , only for referee aitken to wave play on . mccall went for it , sending on kris boyd and young ryan hardie for front two miller and clark while tom walsh replaced shiels . but his replacements made no impact and rangers were unable to carve out any more opportunities . at the death , vuckic was booked for simulation in the box as he desperately claimed a penalty . there was still time for yet another ear-shattering explosion from the rangers end . but the booms were soon replaced by boos at the full-time whistle as rangers had stuttered once more on the road . livvy , for their part , were afforded a rapturous reception from their own band of fans as mark burchill’s men moved to within two points of second-bottom alloa .