on first glance they appear to simply be bland , bleach-white seashells , but when viewed under ultraviolet light they are transformed . scientists have used a new technique to reconstrcut the colourful patterns on 28 fossilised cone snail shells that are up to 6.6 million years old . the technique has allowed researchers to look millions of years into the past to see how these once elaborately decorated shells would have once looked . the fossilised cone snail shells have bleached over time , like the one labelled a , but under ultraviolet light traces of pigment still in the shells are revealed , labelled b , allowing their colours to be reconstrcuted ( c ) . instead of being a simple white colour , they were infact covered in streaks of orange , purple , blue and even large pokadots . the scientists now believe the cone snail shells , which come from the northern dominican republic , include 13 entirely new species . a deadly tropical sea snail uses a super-potent form of insulin to subdue its fish prey , scientists have discovered . the geographic cone snail ( conus geographus ) uses the chemical to cause a plunge in blood sugar , leaving the fish sluggish and unable to swim to safety . in this way the snail is able to entrap whole schools of small fish . c. geographus is one of the most venomous creatures on earth , and known to have killed dozens of people in accidental encounters . it hunts in two ways , both by releasing toxins into the water and by firing a harpoon-like poison-tipped tooth into its prey.no antidote exists for a cone snail sting , which contains a mixture of nerve agents . the new research has uncovered one highly unusual ingredient in the cone snail 's venom cocktail - weaponised insulin . in tests , a synthetic version of the hormone - made from shorter protein chains than normal insulin - lowered the blood sugar levels of adult zebrafish . injected into water , it also reduced the movements of fish larvae . there are about 30 recorded instances of people being killed by cone snails , some of which have attractive and collectible shells . dr jonathan hendricks , a paleontologist at the san jose state university who led the research , said that the lack of colouration in many fosisilised cone snail shells made them difficult to identify . he said : ' original coloration patterns — if not the actual colors themselves —sometimes become visible when fossil shells are illuminated with ultraviolet light , which causes formerly pigmented regions of the shell to fluoresce . ' once a specimen has been photographed under uv light , it is possible to use photoediting software to reconstruct the original shell coloration pattern . ' this is done by creating a reversed , negative image , which causes bright , fluorescing markings to become darkened , corresponding with regions that were once pigmented . ' dr hendricks used the ultraviolet technique to examine a range of fossilised shells that were discovered in the cibao valley of the northern dominican republic . although it is now a rich and fertile inland valley , millions of years ago during the neogene it was covered by ocean . all cone snails are venomous and predatory , with many species still around today . they use a harpoon like tooth that injects venom into their prey . in some cases the cone snail toxins are lethal to humans while many have a painful sting . due to their bright colours and patterns they are often handled by unwary humans , leaving them vulnerable to stings . there are around 700 species of cone snail still living in tropical seas worldwide and around 1,000 species have been found in the fossil record . this image shows three of the fossil shells studied by the scientists as they currently appear without colour . scientists used uv light to reveal tiny traces of the pigment left in the shell and the patterns they once had . however , identifying these can often be tricky as over time the bright pigments in the shells fade . exposing them to ultraviolet light causes any remaining organic matter in the shells - like pigment - to fluoresce . it is thought that these compounds in the shells oxidise over time and so light up when uv light is shined on them . dr hendricks , whose work is published in the journal public library of science one , compared the cone snail shells he examined with the patterns of those of modern caribbean cone snails . he found that many of the fossils showed similar patterns , indicating that some modern species belong to lineages that have survived in the caribbean for millions of years . uv light allowed scientists to peer back millions of years to reconstruct shell patterns and colours as above . dr hendricks said : ' this approach — combined with the exceptional neogene fossil record of the dominican republic , as well as other regional fossil deposits — has the potential to provide a detailed understanding of the evolutionary and biogeographic development of the modern western atlantic cone snail fauna . ' clearly much more work needs to be done to better understand the compounds responsible for shell coloration . ' that said , it seems that oxidation - caused either naturally by exposure of shells to sunlight over prolonged periods of time , or artificially by soaking in bleach for several days - plays a role in causing formerly pigmented regions of fossil shells to fluoresce under uv light , though the reason is not currently understood . ' c. geographus ( above ) is one of 700 existing cone snail species and is one of most venomous living animals .