a grieving widow said she was frightened for the lives of herself and her family thanks to a ' nasty ' neighbour who terrorised them for seven years . during the course of her harassment , pauline bruce 's neighbour yvonne ireland evans plagued her with silent calls , taunted her dying husband and attacked her son with secateurs . it 's not the quiet and peaceful life pensioners pauline and her late husband tony expected when they moved to a static home on a community park for over-50s in ludlow , shropshire , following tony 's retirement in 2002 . scroll down for video . pauline and her son john were terrorised by their next door neighbour for seven years . next-door-neighbour yvonne went from being a friend , to a nuisance , and then a threat to their safety . she did n't even show any compassion when tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer in 2011 and continued to torment pauline and her son from a previous marriage , john , when they were grieving his death a year later . pauline reveals on channel 5 's the nightmare neighbour next door how yvonne turned on her after finding out she had struck up a friendship with another woman on the community park . pauline explains : ' our relationship started off very well , she was a very nice person , if she could help you in any way she would . she used to come in and have a cup of tea , we became friends . ' but it all changed when pauline started spending more time with another neighbour as they were working on a gardening project together . yvonne started ignoring her and when pauline asked why , she was told : ' because i had a new best friend , she did n't want to know us any more . ' john holds up some secateurs like the one yvonne evans had her her hand when she attacked him . pauline admits : ' i thought that was a bit petty , i did n't know you were restricted to one friend in life . ' but then yvonne 's behaviour took a more sinister turn . she began making silent phone calls to the couple day and night . pauline said : ' it unnerved us very much , you do n't know why people are making silent calls or who they are . ' they discovered yvonne was the culprit after the police traced the calls . she was given a fixed penalty notice and fine . but pauline said it only led to her harassment becoming worse . ' she 'd walk past the house and stick her fingers up at us . she started shouting abuse through the windows calling us peeping toms and perverts - it went on like this for four years , ' pauline recalled . ' it got to the stage where i 'd wake up and think `` i hope nothing happens today '' , i 'd always have a sick feeling in my stomach . ' then in march 2011 tony was diagnosed with terminal cancer and told he did n't have long to live . when yvonne heard the news , instead of expressing sympathy , she mocked tony telling him : ' you 've got cancer , you are going to die . ' she also started making her crank phone calls again . pauline said : ' tony was terminally ill so we had precious time left and to have that spoiled by someone making unnecessary phone calls made things worse . why do it when you know he 's dying ? why cause us this much hassle ? ' the couple again got the police involved and yvonne pleaded guilty to harassment in court and was fined £100 . she signed a community resolution saying she would stay away from the family but she did n't stick to it . yvonne , pictured in footage taken by john , would taunt the family about tony 's cancer . when john was visiting one day , he said she threatened him with a four-foot long branch . john said : ' i was pottering around in the garden and she was on the other side of the fence . she started spurting her mouth off about tony having cancer saying `` oh dear , guess who 's got cancer , and guess who 's got terminal cancer '' . ' i stepped closer and saw she had a weapon - a branch in her hand . ' john then filmed yvonne with his mobile phone appearing to hit him with the branch over the fence . following tony 's death , john moved in with his mother to support her and he continued to be abused by yvonne . ' as soon as i walked in the back gate she would be waiting for me , ' he said . tony died in 2012 with no sympathy from yvonne who instead harassed the family with crank calls . despite being heterosexual , john said yvonne would make homophobic jibes towards him as well as calling him a 'w***** ' and a ' mummy 's boy ' . then one day the abuse became physical after yvonne 's dog attacked john 's , scrappy , after leaping into their garden . john said : ' i heard a crash bang from the garden and scrappy was in the jaws of a pretty big dog . ' john rescued scrappy and kept yvonne 's dog in the house , causing yvonne to then climb over the fence , holding secateurs , demanding her pet back . ' she started hitting me screaming `` give me my dog back '' , ' john said . ' the secateurs missed my throat by an inch . ' pauline witnessed the encounter and tried to intervene to stop yvonne attacking her son . ' i was frightened for our lives . we told her to get back into her own garden and then we 'd give her her dog , ' she said . ' we called the police , i dread to think what she could have done . ' yvonne told the police she had been acting in self defence so pauline and john decided not to press charges . instead , they collected all the evidence they had of yvonne 's abusive behaviour and submitted it to the owner of the community park . this led to yvonne being served an eviction notice and she was told to leave within eight weeks . pauline said yvonne continued to be ' nasty ' in this time and once again john said she hit him when he caught her prowling around his mother 's house at night . the mother and son were delighted and relieved when yvonne was finally evicted . ' i 'm not sorry she 's gone i have a much more peaceful life now and can grieve for tony , ' pauline said . ' i 'm so sorry he was n't here to see the day she went . ' soon i will get some new neighbours and i pray to god they will be nice and not neighbours from hell . ' the nightmare neighbour next door is on channel 5 wednesdays at 8pm .  