fans of the beloved musical the sound of music have a chance to get their hands on their own pair of authentic von trapp family lederhosen , as costumes from the iconic film go up for auction at the end of the month . worn by the von trapp children throughout much of the movie , the flamboyant regalia is made by maria - played by julie andrews – at the start of the film to add a splash of color to the siblings’ drab uniforms . now , seven of the costumes from the 1965 classic , along with a vhs cassette tape of the film signed by actor dan truitt , who played rolff von trapp , are expected to fetch $ 800,000 when they are auctioned off at nate d. sanders on april 30 . ' the costumes are especially interesting because they 're made of actual curtain fabric , ' laura yntema , the auctions manager , explained . ' the costume designer wanted to be as authentic as possible so this fabric , which is a canvas type of material , was used . costume revival : the floral lederhosen and dresses worn by the von trapp children ( pictured ) in the 1965 classic the sound of music are going up for auction at the end of the month . the hills are alive : maria ( julie andrews , pictured far right ) can be seen singing with the von trapp children in the 1965 classic . she added : ' this is n't always the case and sometimes movie costumes look surprisingly different than how you see them in person without lighting and set design . ' the costumes , which are being auctioned as one single lot , include a jumper and matching shorts set wore by debbie turner as marta , two lederhosen-style outfits with straps that were worn by either duane chase as kurt or nicholas hammond as friedrich , a jumper with suspenders worn by kim karath as gret , two sleeveless dresses worn by either angela cartwright as brigitta or heather menzies as louisa , and a dress with princess sleeves that was worn by charmian carr as liesl . according to the description on the nate d. sanders , all seven costumes were either acquired from an auction of outfits from legendary hollywood costume supplier , western costume , held in july 1994 , or have been supplied directly by western costume . ' there were a few sets of these curtain costumes produced by western costume , who made them for the film , and these sets were sold by western costume in the early 1990s , ' ms yntema explained before adding : ' this is the last set to be made available for auction since then . ' new look : marie made the children 's outfits in the film to to add a splash of color to their drab uniforms . bold breeches : the lederhosen style outfit with straps ( pictured ) being auctioned off were worn by either duane chase as kurt or nicholas hammond as friedrich in the film . all aboard : marie and the von trapp children are pictured in a canoe . while all of the costumes are described as having ‘ minor spotting’ , the auction house insists that they are in otherwise fine condition . ' all seven look really stunning and when they 're displayed [ and ] just evoke the magic of this beloved film , ' ms yntema said . the hills will no doubt be alive with the sound of cash registers if the set of floral outfits reach their estimated price . nate d. sanders is also having a separate auction for the sound of music script used by cinematographer ted mccord , who was nominated for an academy award for his work on the film . and these aren’t the only iconic hollywood pieces fetching big bucks at auction . jennifer lawrence 's outfits from one of her earliest films , the burning plain , are being sold on the auctioneer 's website along with wardrobe pieces from other films including iron man and tron . royal touches : this dress with princess sleeves was worn by actress charmian carr , who played liesl in the movie . pretty pattern : these sleeveless dresses were worn by heather menzies as louisa ( l ) and angela cartwright as brigitta ( r ) . two piece outfit : this jumper and matching shorts were worn by debbie turner as marta . 1 . jumper and matching shorts worn by debbie turner as marta . shorts contain 20th century-fox label stitched to waist , and costume label tag pinned to jumper . jumper measures 11.5 ' across the chest , shorts measure 10 ' across the waist . 2 . lederhosen style outfit with straps , worn by either duane chase as kurt or nicholas hammond as friedrich . contains western costume label to inside waist with ' nicholas hammond chg. £4 ' typed to inside . waist size 27 . also contains costume tag from butterfield and butterfield with the name of duane chase , who played kurt in the film . 3 . jumper with suspenders worn by actress kim karath as gretl . contains 20th century fox label handwritten ' k . karath ' inside near the hip . measures 14.5 ' across the waist . 4 . sleeveless dress worn by actress heather menzies as louisa . contains green ties at the hip and western costume labels handwritten ' louisa som'.. . measures 12.5 ' across the waist . 5 . sleeveless dress worn by angela cartwright as brigitta . with bib lapel and ' som ' written to the inside near the collar . measures 13 ' across the waist . 6 . lederhosen style outfit with straps , worn by nicholas hammond as friedrich . contains western costume label to inside waist with ' nicholas hammond chg. £4 ' typed to inside . waist size 27 . 7 . dress with princess sleeves worn by actress charmian carr as liesl . contains western costume label handwritten ' charmine [ sic ] som'to inside . measures 13.5 ' across the chest . the gray and black dress worn by vivien leigh when she played scarlett o'hara in the 1939 movie classic ' gone with the wind ' has been sold at auction for $ 137,000 . according to heritage auctions in beverly hills , california the embroidered dress went for more than double its starting price of $ 60,000 on saturday . scarlett 's dress was part of an extensive collection of memorabilia from the film gathered by james tumblin , a former makeup artist from universal studios . real props : the pieces come with the original labels from 20th century fox and western costume co . added bonus : the costume collection also comes with a vhs cassette tape of the film signed by dan truitt , who played rolff . special copy : the sound of music script owned and signed by academy award nominated cinematographer ted mccord , which includes his own annotation and notes , is also being sold by nate d. sanders . about 150 items were up for auction , including the straw hat with green ribbons worn by scarlett on the day of a picnic at the start of the film . while her hat fetched $ 52,500 , one of her blouses went for $ 32,500 . among the other items on sale were a gray suit worn by the character rhett butler , played by clark gable , which fetched $ 55,000 . the multiple academy awards winning movie is the film adaptation of margaret mitchell 's 1936 civial war-era epic novel of the same name . epic romance : ashley wilkes ( leslie howard ) and scarlett o'hara ( vivien leigh ) have a passionate moment in the classic film gone with the wind . pricey dress : this period costume dress worn by vivian in gone with the wind was sold for $ 137,000 on saturday .