his face has appeared in sandwiches , on tree stumps and even a dog 's ear . now , on the eve of easter , a shop assistant has spotted the image of jesus christ in a hot cross bun . mother-of-two lindsey norman noticed the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of £1 buns she had purchased from her local sainsbury 's in peterborough , cambridgeshire . scroll down for video . mother of two lindsey norman spotted the image of jesus in the hot cross buns she bought from sainsbury 's . she said : ' i saw them and thought `` that looks just like a figure of jesus with a sign of the cross on his shoulder '' . ' it made me giggle to myself because it 's coming up to easter . ' ms norman purchased the buns from the store and took them home for dinner that evening . she has since eaten all the buns in the packet . the shop assistant said it made me ' giggle ' when she saw the uncanny resemblance with easter coming up . this is not the first time the saviour has been spotted in a peculiar sighting . last week a california couple were shocked by the ' miraculous ' appearance of jesus on their pine dining table . jaimie beebe , 37 , and her boyfriend gary ousdahl , 37 , put the table on ebay with a $ 5,000 ( £3,350 ) price tag - but it has yet to receive any bids . in the same week , hundreds of believers flocked to a hillside in the san francisco area of putumayo , colombia , when a landslide revealed the face of jesus . police had to be called in to control the crowds as christians from across the country descended on the hill to witness the ' miracle ' . in january last year , stunned dog owner rachel evans , 25 , was bathing her mini yorkshire terrier dave in the bathroom sink when she spotted the image of jesus in his ear . and in october , john cranfield , 24 , who lives in manchester , inserted a slice of wholemeal bread into the toaster and was baffled when it popped out with the face of jesus christ . mr cranfield , a catholic , said he was sure it is a message from god , adding : ‘ as a strong christian i believe that this was no mistake , i believe that god himself had sent it to me to prove that he exists and that i should not give up my faith . ’