property portfolio : sol campbell and his wife fiona . the polls might have the parties neck-and-neck – but it looks like sol campbell is taking no chances . for the second time this year , the former england footballer is selling a multi-million pound property – leading to speculation he wants to dodge labour’s mansion tax if the party wins the election . an outspoken critic of the policy , campbell has even threatened to leave the country if the tax on properties over £2million comes into force . earlier this year it was revealed he had taken the apparently bizarre decision to sell a £20million london townhouse to a company owned by himself . land registry documents suggest the sale was registered the day after higher stamp duty levies came into effect . but it is possible the sale took place shortly before , meaning the increased charges would have been avoided . now campbell has listed a second property for sale in the same exclusive neighbourhood of chelsea . a former home of james bond author ian fleming , the luxury penthouse by the thames is on the market for £6.75million . campbell bought it in 2011 for £4.25million after he reportedly staged a sit-in at an estate agents’ in the hope of securing it for his family – his wife fiona barratt-campbell and their children isabella and ethan . it has since been extensively renovated by his wife , an interior designer and granddaughter of barratt homes founder sir lawrie barratt . an advert for the property states : ‘ there are few properties within chelsea that can offer the combination of views , spacious accommodation and exquisite finish . ’ yet campbell , 40 , seems to be keen to rid himself of the flat before the election . eye for detail : the living room inside campbell 's £6.75million chelsea flat boasts lavish furnishings . nice touch : the former arsenal and tottenham hotspur defender 's kitchen is filled with marble . sumptuous : gilded mirrors line the hall in campbell 's luxurious flat , which is in an exclusive neighbourhood . last year the former arsenal and tottenham defender blasted the proposed mansion tax , describing it as a ‘ cheap and easy way to extract money from individuals who have done well’ . he told the times : ‘ with a mansion tax , you’re taxing me for being prudent ... if labour gets in , i’d leave . i’d have to say , “ sorry , i want to ship out” . ’ campbell has also said : ‘i’m not earning what i was earning five years ago . ’ experts have said that properties worth between £5million and £10million could incur an annual charge of up to £25,000 under a labour government . henry pryor , a buying agent and property commentator , said : ‘ sellers like sol campbell face a financial dilemma : to take a certain hit now or await the potential tax bill that a labour or lib dem government may generate . ’ since 2009 campbell has also owned grade ii-listed hallington hall , an 18th century mansion in northumberland .