murder plot : dr. anthony j. moschetto is accused of hiring someone to kill his rival . a long island cardiologist had the office of another doctor torched , then hired someone who turned out to be an undercover police officer in a failed attempt to have the doctor hurt or killed , authorities said on wednesday . dr. anthony j. moschetto allegedly used drugs , guns and blank prescriptions as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute , investigators said . moschetto first allegedly hired two men to set fire to the man 's office ; it happened beneath a sprinkler and damage was minimal , prosecutors said . ' he was willing to pay $ 5,000 to have him beaten and put in the hospital for a couple of months and pay $ 20,000 to have him killed , ' nassau county assistant district attorney anne donnelly said of moschetto 's intentions . ' he wanted to put him out of business so he could get his business . ' moschetto worked with the rival cardiologist at a great neck practice on northern boulevard before setting up his own practice also in great neck , said assistant district attorney ann donnelly . acting district attorney madeline singas said ' luckily for this victim , ' moschetto was stopped . investigators who went to moschetto 's home in sands point on long island 's gold coast - one of the nation 's wealthiest areas - found a weapons cache in a secret room that was accessed through a motorized bookshelf , they said . the weapons , which included dozens of knives , guns and a hand grenade , were displayed at a news conference wednesday . the investigation into moschetto started with his purchase of oxycodone pills , heroin and two fully loaded assault weapons . prosecutors said moschetto had paid the undercover police officer $ 500 to perform a hit before getting arrested . he was caught on undercover video discussing the alleged plot . attempt to kill : cardiologist anthony moschetto , 54 , pictured on wednesday after he was arrested on charges he had another doctor 's office torched , then hired undercover officers to have the doctor hurt or killed . press conference : acting nassau county district attorney madeline singas announces the arrests of anthony moschetto , james kalamaras and james chmera during a news conference in mineola on wednesday . moschetto faces a maximum sentence of 8 1/3 to 25 years in prison , prosecutors said . newsday reports that moschetto 's charges include conspiracy , criminal sale of a controlled substance , arson , burglary , weapons possession , criminal sale of a firearm , and criminal solicitation . two other defendants are charged in the case , accused of their involvement in the office fire , which occurred before the undercover investigation began . they , along with moschetto , had been arrested tuesday . co-defendants james chmela , 43 , of selden , and james kalamaras , 41 , also were scheduled for arraignment on wednesday . ' dr . moschetto is a hidden monster living in the north shore area who has no respect for law and life , ' said nassau county police department acting commissioner thomas krumpter . ' he had enough weapons to provide a small army means to wreak harm . ' alleged arsonists : co-defendants james chmela ( left ) , 43 , of selden , and james kalamaras ( right ) , 41 , also were scheduled for arraignment on wednesday . co-conspirators : james chmela ( left ) and james kalamaras ( right ) were arrested for arson in a related scheme to allegedly destroy the rival doctor 's office building , authorities said . evidence : these knives were allegedly found by authorities in a secret room behind a bookshelf in the doctor 's home in long island . the drug enforcement administration also was involved in the investigation , which began in december . in asking for $ 500,000 bond , his manhattan attorney , randy zelin , said moschetto 's attorney asked for a $ 500,000 bond and said that moschetto was a ' well respected cardiologist . ' ' my client has a wealth of roots in the community and has absolutely no reason to leave his family , to leave his children , and to leave what he has built in this community , ' zelin said . weapons : dr. anthony moschetto , 54 , of sands point accused of trying to have an unidentified former business partner killed , had these guns confiscated from his home by the authorities . illegal currency : dr. anthony j. moschetto allegedly used drugs , guns and blank prescriptions ( pictured ) as currency while trying to have the other doctor harmed amid a professional dispute , investigators said . 