one of three kidnappers was granted parole 39 years after hijacking a school bus full of children and burying them alive in infamous caper inspired by the film dirty harry . the state board of parole hearings granted parole to 63-year-old james schoenfeld on the 20th time it considered the possibility of releasing the california man , the fresno bee reported . details of the decision to release schoenfeld were not immediately available . schoenfield abducted the children and then kept them ' buried alive ' in an underground trailer while he and his co-conspirators negotiated a $ 5million ransom . a state parole board granted parole for james schoenfeld today , 39 years after he kidnapped 26 children on a school bus along with the driver in the hopes of asking for $ 5 million ransom . granted parole : james schoenfeld is escorted by sgt . splan of the alameda county sheriffs organization as schoenfeld is removed from the alameda county jail in oakland , california on august 4 , 1976 . dirty harry : the kidnappers were inspired by the 1971 film clint eastwood film dirty harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus for ransom . california department of corrections and rehabilitation spokesman bill sessa said the ruling will now go through an internal review that could take up to four months before a recommended parole date is sent to governor jerry brown . the kidnappers were influenced by the iconic 1971 clint eastwood film dirty harry in which the antagonist kidnaps a school bus of children in exchange for ransom . ' you 've got to ask yourself a question : ' do i feel lucky ? ' well , do ya , punk ? ' eastwood as cop harry callahan famously says to an injured criminal at the end of the flick.. . schoenfeld , 24 at the time of the notorious crime , his brother , richard , and a friend , fred woods , were convicted of kidnapping 26 school students aged 5-14 and their bus driver ed ray in 1976 . the driver stopped to see if men in a white van needed help . but three masked men , later identified as brothers richard and james schoenfeld and frederick woods , stormed onto the vehicle brandishing guns and forced ray to the back of the bus . the children and ray were loaded onto two vans and driven around for 11 hours , during which time the hungry , petrified children soiled themselves and held each other in fear . they then drove the vans to a quarry near livermore and forced their captives into a buried trailer stocked with mattresses , food and water and equipped with fans and ventilation . free : young victims of the chowchilla kidnaping huddle together under happier circumstances for celebration honoring them and bus driver ed ray on sunday , august 22 , 1976 after they were able to escape . changed : victims of the chowchilla bus kidnapping , pictured a few years ago , have recounted their lifelong struggle after the traumatic kidnapping . the kidnappers , all from wealthy bay area families , planned to ask for a $ 5 million ransom for their hostages . their plot , which they had worked on for 18 months , unraveled when they took a nap , and students and bus driver were able to escape through the hole in the ground unhurt . the driver and older boys were able to stack mattresses to a hole in the top of the van . they pushed open a weighted-down metal lid and freed the children who had spent 16 hours underground . ' he was a courageous man , ' medrano said of ray , the driver . ' he kept 26 scared children in line and made us feel safe . ' but even when they started to escape , they feared the men were waiting outside for them , she said . all three men received life sentences after pleaded guilty to kidnapping charges . richard schoenfeld was paroled in 2012 . woods remains in prison after he was denied parole in november 2012 and could be up for a parole hearing this fall . the victims of the kidnapping described the suffering they felt 39 years later in a heartfelt letter to the parole board . they expressed the desire for their captors to remain in jail . jennifer brown hyde who was 9-years-old when she was kidnapped along with her 10-year-old brother described the chilling memory and life long trauma she has endured . ' i was honestly brutal , ' said brown hyde . hyde is now 48 and lives in tennessee . the hero : ed ray jr. the school bus driver was hailed as a hero for helping 26 students escape after three men kidnapped the group died in 2012 . frank edward ray , pictured in 1992 , stands in chowchilla , california by the bus from which he and 26 students were kidnapped years before . ' i wrote that they buried me alive , they stole my childhood and caused me immense emotional pain over the years . it affected my life , my parents’ lives and my children’s lives . ' ' for me , it’s having to deal with hatred and anger toward other human beings , and that’s a struggle that almost 40 years later i still have to deal with , ' she added . ' until recently i slept with a night light . i have anxiety attacks when i’m in a confined space , and it’s a problem living in the south when we have tornado warnings and we have to take cover in storm shelters . … they took away my ability to be free . ' the fresno bee reports that the kidnapping affected hyde 's ability to be a mother to two children since she did not have what she considers a normal childhood . ' you don’t go from being buried alive and thinking you’re going to die to having a normal childhood , ' she said . 'i’m fortunate i’m not incarcerated or hooked on drugs , which is how some of the kids dealt with it . i’m as ok as a broken person can be . ' kidnapping victims lynda carrejo lavendeira and jodi heffington-medrano attended wednesday 's hearing . madera county district attorney david linn said he was disappointed , but said he was not surprised that the men were granted parole . 'we’re very much opposed to releasing him , ' linn said on wednesday . ' we sent our senior prosecutor there to argue in person , rather than a letter , because we felt it is important enough for the people of chowchilla to make sure he stay in prison for as long as possible . ' buried alive : this is the trailer where the children escape from their armed captors - thanks to the bravery of the bus driver . the van : this is how it looked on friday , july 23 , 1976 inside the van in which 26 chowchilla school children and their bus driver were held captive after being abducted . linn attributed parole to the prison system 's overcrowding . ' the word has been on the street within government circles for the past couple of months that they were going to go ahead and grant it , ' he said . ' considering what’s been happening throughout the whole california prison system , i’m not surprised , ' linn added . linn said that his main focus is helping the victims come to terms with the news and to help them recover from their irreversible trauma . ' i did everything i could to resist it . even his current attorneys wanted to meet with me and i refused to do that , ' he said . ' what i want to do now is reach out to the victims , let them know we’re here for them . ' survivors : the chowchilla victims kidnapped in 1976 recount the horrors they faced later in life as a result of their childhood trauma . brown hyde is no longer afraid of her captors but feels as though they should be serving life in prison and said that she could never forgive them . ' but for me it’s a feeling of injustice because we were told they would never get out , ' she said . ' they got life in prison . it feels like a betrayal because the legal team that put them there , the da and the judge , later came out on their side and said they never should have served this long . that’s what i have a hard time with . … money can obviously buy you freedom . ' ' i have to deal with the fact that i still struggle with forgiveness , ' brown hyde said . ' i will never forget , but it was such a traumatic ordeal that even as a christian it’s difficult for me to forgive . that’s how bad it was . ' 