the small college town of missoula , montana , best known for its university and its inhabitants’ fierce love of football , has been branded in the media america 's rape capital , and now bestselling author jon krakauer has made it the subject of his new book documenting the explosive allegations . missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town , a doubleday publication that was released tuesday , immediately sparked a fierce debate in montana and beyond . krakauer , the author of the critically acclaimed book into the wild , sat down for an interview with abc 's nightline , which aired wednesday night , to discuss his latest project exploring the sensitive subject of campus rape . brave : kelsey belnap ( left ) and allison huguet ( right ) were among the five women profiled by author jon krakauer fopr his new book about sexual assault at the university of montana at missoula . miss belnap allegedly had been gang-raped by four college football players , but they were never charged . survivor speaks : hillary mclaughlin had been raped by the same football player who attacked allison huguet during a party in 2010 . she later testified against him ( pictured ) . convicted rapist : grizzly running back beau donaldson , huguet and mclaughlin 's attacker , pleaded guilty to rape in 2012 and was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison . jon krakauer argued that rape allegations were not unique to the picturesque town nestled in the rocky mountains , pointing out that missoula’s sexual abuse statistics were average , or even slightly below the national average . ' if this problem could exist in missoula , it could exist anywhere in the country , and it does . ’ he said . ‘ rape is this huge problem , 80 per cent of rapes are unreported . ’ in an effort to shed light on the rape epidemic and spark a national conversation , krakauer had interviewed five alleged victims of rape for his book , among them kelsey belnap , who revealed that during her sophomore year at the university of montana , she was gang-raped by four members of the beloved local grizzy football team . speaking to nightline , miss belnap said on the night of the alleged attack in december 2010 , she was playing drinking games at an off-campus party celebrating the end of the finals . explosive : bestsellng author and journalist jon krakauer released missoula : rape and the justice system in a college town on april 21 . she downed up to 11 shots of 99-proof alcohol within an hour and soon was slipping in and out of consciousness . ' i do n't remember bits and pieces until i had a penis in my face , ’ she recalled . according to belnap , she pushed away the first football player who tried to have sex with her and told him she did n't want to sleep with him , but he forced himself on her , followed by three of his teammates . at some point , she passed out during the suspected attack . when the sophomore came to , she headed to a hospital and filed a police report . but according to miss belnap , investigating officers were far from sympathetic . ‘ they made it seem like it was alcohol , ’ she said . ‘ that it was my fault , that i had drank too much , and if i would n't have drank too much , it would n't have happened . ’ belnap argued that it was n't alcohol that crossed a line and ' stuck a penis ' in her face that night - it was four grizzly football players . in the end , missoula prosecutors ruled that there was no probable cause to charge belnap 's alleged attackers . police and prosecutors said that belnap had told investigators the men ' would have likely believed it was consensual sex’ - a claim that was repeated by the players and several witnesses at the party . miss belnap also made a statement to police that she was so drunk that night she did not resist the men 's advances . the missoula county attorney argued that the student was not legally incapacitated because she was going in and out of consciousness . under state law , a victim can not give consent to sex if he or she is ' mentally defective or incapacitated . ' after her case was essentially tossed out , belnap turned to university officials , and there things went a little better for her : one of her alleged attackers was expelled from school , another agreed to leave voluntarily and the other two had dropped out earlier . krakauer 's new book also features the story of another young woman , allison huguet , who was also raped by a university of montana football player whom she has known since childhood . huguet had left montana to attend an out-of-state college but returned to missoula in december 2010 for a party with her long-time friend , beau donaldson . huguet said she had been drinking and was in no condition to drive home that night , so she settled in for the night on the couch . belnap ( left ) claimed four players gang-raped her in 2010 , but prosecutors never charged them citing lack of probable cause . ' and i woke up to a lot of pain , and a lot of pressure , and the sound of somebody moaning , and quickly realized it was beau , ’ huguet said . ‘ i just shut my eyes and laid there , and that was n't , i do n't even think a decision , i consciously made . ’ allison huguet said after the act , donaldson got up , pulled up his pants and threw a blanket on her . once he was out of earshot , she fled the house barefoot and called her mother for help . as she was on the phone telling her mother donaldson had raped her , she realized the hulking running back was chasing her . backlash : missoula county attorney kirsten pabst on wednesday called jon krakauer 's allegations ' inaccurate , exaggerated , and unnecessarily personal ' . according to the woman , the grizzy player begged her not to tell anyone what happened . after she finally got away from him , huguet went to a hospital and underwent a rape kit exam , but at first she decided not to get the police involved . instead , huguet and her mother invited donaldson over to their home and secretly recorded their conversation , which eventually yielded a confession . at first , donaldson tried to blame their encounter on alcohol , but eventually he changed his story , saying on the audio recording : ' it 's something i did and i f***ed up . ' he went on to say that he came close to killing himself the night of the attack . ' i was curled up on my couch in the carport with my f***ing handgun in my hand . you have no idea , ' he lamented . huguet , in turn , made her childhood friend promise her he would get help . in exchange , she said she would not go to the police . but more than a year later , huguet learned that donaldson had n't sought counselling like he had promised and contacted the authorities . during an interview with police , the star grizzy player confessed to the rape . as she was struggling to push her case forward in the months following donaldson’s arrest , huguet discovered that another young woman , hillary mclaughlin , had accused him of raping her in 2008 but she never reported the attack to police . . in an interview with nightline , mclaughlin said she is filled with remorse because she could have possibly prevented the attack on allison huguet had she blown the whistle on donaldson seven years ago . during donaldson 's trial , mclaughlin finally shared her story in court , helping seal the defendant 's fate . changes : the university created a small sexual assault prevention department last year and its athletic department created a new code of conduct that addresses sexual assault . the department of justice investigated 350 sexual assaults reported to the missoula police between january 2008 and may 2012 . in september 2012 , beau donaldson , the former star of the grizzlies , pleaded guilty to rape and was sentenced to 10 years in federal prison . he will be up for parole in july . the disturbing news from missoula prompted the us department of justice to launch an investigation into the university of montana , the local police department and the prosecutor 's office . the federal probe found that between 2008 and 2012 , only 14 of the 85 total rape cases were sent by police to the prosecutor . justice department investigators determined that the missoula county attorney declined to prosecute nearly every case where drugs or alcohol played a role - even when the rapist had confessed . a june 2014 agreement ended the investigation , with the county agreeing to implement sweeping changes , including the creation of a special victims unit and the assignment of trained prosecutors to sexual assault cases . the university itself has created a small sexual assault prevention department last year with a coordinator and three interns , and its athletic department created a new code of conduct that addresses sexual assault , according to the montana kaimin . ' missoula is a much safer place for women now than it was when i first started looking at it in 2012 , ' krakauer said . missoula county attorney kirsten pabst on wednesday held a press conference to address the issues raised by jon krakauer 's latest book . ' while the charges that the author has made against me , my office , my predecessor , are inaccurate , exaggerated , and unnecessarily personal , he is correct . in that our investigation and prosecution standards needed to be improved , ' she stated . mr krakauer , pictured speaking in 2009 , is the best selling author of works such as into thin air and into the wild . while mr krakauer 's story focuses on montana , the book 's scope is more global . missoula is described as ' a typical college town ' and mr krakauer 's website said that rape victims are ' deserving of compassion from society and fairness from a justice system that is clearly broken ' . mr krakauer decided to write the book ' after learning that a young woman with whom he and his wife have a close relationship suffered intensely in secret for many years after she was raped by a man she trusted , ' according to usa today . sexual assault and rape have become issues at campuses across the country , with victims speaking out against the way that universities dealt with their allegations . ninety-four colleges and universities were under investigation by the department of justice for their handling of sexual assault cases as of the beginning of this year . mr krakauer 's book says that it ' cuts through the abstract ideological debate about campus rape ' . the writer 's other works include into the wild , under the banner of heaven and into thin air , for which he was nominated for the pulitzer prize .