aston villa deserved their victory at wembley on sunday and there were two players at the heart of it all . jack grealish was fantastic but fabian delph was the best player on the pitch . on saturday , i said his battle with jordan henderson would be key to the game . there’s no doubt who won that one . delph was different class . he put in an all-action display and ran the game . he looked like the player we all felt he could become when he emerged at leeds . he was outstanding . as for grealish , for a young man to play like that on his first visit to wembley was magnificent . jack grealish , fabian delph and christian benteke celebrate as aston villa reached the fa cup final . delph shoots and scores against liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet to put aston villa ahead at wembley . he is quick but has a languid style , like steve mcmanaman . when he drops his shoulder he sends defenders so far the other way they almost have to pay to get back in . tim sherwood has done a brilliant job with villa . i was at wembley and their fans turned up with a sense of expectancy , something they have not had in a long time . tim deserves huge credit for that . he has ignited that team and got their passion and excitement back . delph and grealish , pictured with gabrial agbonlahor inside the dressing room , impressed at wembley . grealish is quick and has a languid style similar to former liverpool and england star steve mcmanaman . foxes home advantage could be key . april 25 - burnley ( a ) . apr 29 - chelsea ( h ) . may 2 - newcastle ( h ) . may 9 - southampton ( h ) . may 16 - sunderland ( a ) . may 24 - qpr ( h ) . of the three promoted teams fighting for their lives at the bottom , leicester look the most likely to stay up . they are the form team down there right now . when you’re in a relegation scrap , nothing boosts your confidence quite like goals . that’s why leicester have been able to drag themselves off the bottom of the table . they have scored 10 in their last four , including three at tottenham in a game they were unlucky to lose 4-3 . now they have won three games in a row - a winning streak only arsenal ( 8 ) and chelsea ( 4 ) can beat . they have good pace up front with jamie vardy , and leonardo ulloa finally found his shooting boots with a goal against swansea . the key for leicester now is that , of their six remaining games , four of them are at home . that home advantage could be the difference between staying up or going down . leonardo ulloa celebrates with leicester team-mate esteban cambiasso during the foxes win over swansea . que sera , sera . of course , for sentimental reasons i wanted steven gerrard and liverpool to get to the final . what better way for one of liverpool’s greatest ever players to depart the club than with an fa cup win ? it is a shame he won’t be there but he has probably achieved more at liverpool than he would ever have dreamed of . and if there’s anybody who thinks about the team rather than himself , it’s stevie . he will be devastated not to make the final but for the club’s sake , not his . steven gerrard looks dejected after liverpool 's fa cup semi-final defeat to aston villa on sunday . liverpool captain gerrard will be devastated at not reaching the fa cup final but for the club 's sake , not his . winning the fa cup would have been the perfect send off for gerrard who is leaving liverpool for la galaxy . chelsea just do what 's needed . 1 - chelsea have lost just one of their last 13 premier league home games against man utd ( 3-2 in oct 2012 ) , winning eight and drawing four . it 's difficult to be critical of a side like chelsea . they have an incredible record at home and an uncanny ability to win the big games . that’s exactly what happened against man united on saturday . people say it was a tactical masterplan to play kurt zouma in midfield to stop marouane fellaini . i’m not so sure . yes , fellaini has been effective in recent weeks but i don’t think we’ve got to the stage where he needs to be man-marked . chelsea are a good enough team to beat united without resorting to that . but you can not argue with the results . chelsea have developed a ruthless , efficient style . since losing to spurs on new year’s day they are unbeaten in the league . in their last two games they have had three shots on target . two of them have gone in and they have won both games 1-0 . that’s how to grind out a title . the united game was jose mourinho’s 102nd clean sheet out of 190 games in the premier league . he knows exactly what’s needed to bring home the trophies . no wonder roman abramovich looked so delighted after the final whistle . kurt zouma ( right ) and marouane fellaini battle for the ball during chelsea 's 1-0 victory over man united . chelsea manager jose mourinho knows how to grind out a title and has kept 102 clean sheets in 190 matches . chelsea owner roman abramovich shows his delight in the stands at stamford bridge during saturday 's win . pressure 's on for arsenal . i’m sure most neutrals wanted to see arsenal play liverpool in the fa cup final , and plenty of arsenal fans will be happy to see villa there instead . but they will have to be careful . against wigan and hull last year , and reading this time around , arsenal have made hard work of these games . the pressure will be all on them and they will have to compete with the energy of that villa midfield . it will certainly make for another absorbing final . arsenal celebrate during the win over reading but will have to be careful against villa in the fa cup final . burnley must keep believing . april 25 - leicester ( h ) . may 2 - west ham ( a ) . may 9 - hull ( a ) . may 16 - stoke ( h ) . may 24 - aston villa ( a ) . for sean dyche and his side , their season starts now . burnley have been on a poor run and another defeat this weekend has added to their worries . they have only scored one goal in their last seven games , although that was a significant winner against manchester city . but that is a desperate drought that has seen them sink right to the bottom of the table . their top scorer danny ings has not scored since february though it has been difficult for him — i’m sure he’s got other things on his mind with so much speculation about his future . he has had a decent season but he has suffered from a lack of support and that is a problem . burnley 's top scorer danny ings has not scored since february and has not suffered from a lack of support . only two other burnley players have scored more than twice all season - george boyd and ashley barnes with five each . it’s hard to see where their next goal is coming from . but for dyche the fixture list has been kind . some of their relegation rivals have still got to face the top sides but the highest-placed team burnley have to face are stoke in ninth . dyche and his team only have five games left but there’s no reason why they can’t get something from each one of them . burnley players look dejected following saturday 's 1-0 defeat at everton and are not bottom of the table . awards season . 4 - kane is only the fourth tottenham player to score 20+ goals in a premier league season after gareth bale , jurgen klinsmann and teddy sheringham . i have said throughout the second half of the season that the player of the year award will be between eden hazard and harry kane . diego costa , sergio aguero and alexis sanchez have all done well but those two have been consistently excellent . over the last six games there’s no doubt hazard’s performances should have that contest wrapped up . he has been nothing short of brilliant in the games that really matter . kane has been the best thing about tottenham’s season . he has rescued their front line and i would be amazed if he doesn’t win young player of the year . i prefer watching attacking players doing exciting things and he has done that all season . he came from nowhere and he has been one of the stories of the year . the player of the year award will be between chelsea 's eden hazard ( left ) and tottenham 's harry kane ( right ) .