labour leader ed miliband has insisted he does not live in a ' mansion ' – despite admitting it is worth ' between £2million and £3million ' . mr miliband said he would have to pay the proposed £250 a month ' mansion tax ' on homes worth more than £2million but claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one . the claim comes despite revelations that his four-storey victorian town house has two kitchens – including one for the family 's live-in nanny . scroll down for video . labour leader ed miliband - with members of staff on the oncology ward during a visit to addenbrooke 's hospital in cambridge - has insisted he does not live in a ' mansion ' . mr miliband faced ridicule earlier this month after appearing to play down the size of his north london home . the labour leader was pictured with his wife justine in their ' functional kitchenette ' instead of the much larger family kitchen downstairs . mr miliband , speaking on radio 2 's jeremy vine show this afternoon , insisted his home was not a mansion . after confirming that he would be liable to pay the ' mansion tax ' he was asked whether he felt like he lived in a mansion . ' no , but look , that 's just the term that 's used . ' asked how he would pay for the £250 a month levy , mr miliband said : ' i 'll get it from my income – myself and justine . ' and he declined to set out how much people with homes worth more than £3m would be paying as part of the levy . ' there are about 100,000 homes we think in this area , that will be above £2m and the treasury has estimated that £1.2bn is a reasonable assumption to make from this . ' we 've set out what the band will be between £2m and £3m - £250 a month , which is broadly speaking the top level of the council tax so in other words that 's the same again . ' the precise figures above £3m will have to wait for when we get into government , precisely because we 've got to establish how many properties are in each band . ' mr miliband said he would have to pay the proposed £250 a month ' mansion tax ' on homes worth more than £2million but claimed this did not mean he actually lived in one . daniel , miliband 's eldest son , tells the camera the family spartan kitchen is the ‘best’ in the £2.7million home . kitchen sink dramas : ed miliband and his family in the kitchen that has caused so much controversy . according to the property website zoopla , mr miliband owns the most expensive home of any of the political leaders . his home in north london home value at £2.73million , up by more than £1million since 2010 . by contrast mr cameron 's house in west london home would narrowly escape the mansion tax , being valued at £1.971million . mr clegg , who lives in putney in south west london , would also escape with his home valued at £1.89million . ukip leader mr farage is said to have a house in kent worth a more modest £550,000 – still twice as expensive as the average home in the uk . under labour 's plan , people trapped in expensive homes who have no access to savings will be protected from the charge aimed at properties worth £2million or more . shadow chancellor ed balls has promised to hike the levy for homes with over £10million , to ensure they make a ' significantly bigger contribution ' . the £2million limit will rise in line with property prices , instead of inflation ' to ensure that more modest properties are not brought into the scope of the tax ' . labour has joined the liberal democrats in promising an extra charge on expensive properties , to target rich homeowners – especially wealthy foreigners who buy up properties in london . there will also be protection for people who do not have large savings or higher earnings , but who live in an expensive home . the lib dems used to argue in favour of a 1 per cent charge on the value of any home worth more than £2million , but there are concerns it would be difficult to implement . 