a young boy has been scarred for life after coming home tuesday afternoon to find his parents dead - their bodies hacked with a chainsaw . police in lower moreland , pennsylvania received a call from the unidentified juvenile around 12:50pm and rushed to the home on the 100 block of country lane . while authorities have not yet officially identified the couple , family and friends say they were chris and nicole peppelman , the owners of a local excavating company . scroll down for video . gruesome : chris and nicole peppelman were found dead inside their lower moreland , pennsylvania home tuesday afternoon by one of their juvenile sons . who 's the killer ? while both mr and mrs peppelman had chainsaw cuts to their body , montgomery county district attorney says only mrs peppelman 's death is being classified as a homicide currently . that suggests that the incident may have been a murder-suicide . the bodies of the 48-year-old husband and his 43-year-old wife were cut with what appears to be a chainsaw , but so far only mrs peppelman 's death has been classified as a homicide- suggesting that it may have been a murder-suicide . ' the death of the female seems to be an apparent homicide , however , the investigation is continuing . this is preliminary at this point , ' kevin steele of the montgomery county district attorney 's office said . while friends and neighbors remembered the couple as outgoing and friendly , others admitted that the peppelmans were going through a rough patch and that mrs peppelman had moved out of the house with their three sons . ' i know they 've had some troubles , i 've heard that from mutual friends and people that were closer to them recently than i have been , but they have been together i guess for 15-20 years , ' eric shallcross , who went to high school with mrs peppelman , told wfmz . marital issues : eric shallcross ( pictured ) , who attended high school with mrs peppelman , says the two ' had some troubles ' . police also confirmed that they had been called to the home before for domestic issues . autopsies have been scheduled for wednesday to determine how the couple died . tuesday night , community members gathered at the family 's church , bryn athyn cathedral for a candlelight vigil . ' we 're going to miss them is my thought . they were beautiful people , beautiful children and it 's awful it 's absolutely awful , ' neigh glenn nathan told wpvi-tv .