a week in the bahamas , lapping up the sun and the odd glass of champagne , gazing across the yachts bobbing in the marina . it sounds idyllic , but perhaps is not the way you might imagine ian poulter prepares to win the masters . but poulter promises this break , just weeks before the first major of the year , means he will be fit and fresh for his latest assault on augusta national . the downtime ensured plenty of opportunity to dream about feeling that green jacket draped over his shoulders , and what meal he would choose for the champion’s dinner the following year . not that he needs to think too hard about that last bit . ‘ i hate tempting fate , ’ he says while reclining on a lounger in his luxury holiday apartment in new providence . ‘ but i know exactly what my jacket measurements are and i know exactly what [ dinner ] i would choose . but i’m not telling you ! ’ ian poulter lines up his putt for birdie on the 18th hole during the first round of the arnold palmer invitational . these are certainly not the words of a man who feels he is taking things too easy in the build-up to the most eagerly-anticipated week of the golfing year . ‘i’ve tried every type of formula , ’ he says . ‘i’ve had two weeks off before ; i’ve played [ tournaments ] during the run-in ; i’ve tried going to augusta several days before masters week to get some extra prep in . i’ve tried everything but nothing’s worked . ’ so this year poulter , who has two top 10 finish at the masters in his 10 attempts , has simply said to hell with it , let’s have some fun . family comes first , practice comes second . sharing his holiday with the world on twitter comes third , of course . poulter celebrates during the fourball match on the second day of the ryder cup golf tournament . by now , however , the serious work has begun . some of his time in the bahamas was spent on the range , before the workload was ramped up last week . the ryder cup defines poulter , gets his juices flowing , his eyes and veins popping like nothing else . but he lives for the annual trip down magnolia lane . ‘ the electricity , the tension , the buzz’ of masters week give him goosebumps . he admits to a ‘ love affair’ with the place and its storied history . only the open championship can compete with the masters for his affections and ambitions . but at the age of 39 , and with rory mcilroy leading a new breed of power hitters ready to clean up the majors , poulter knows he will not get too many more chances of claiming either prize . poulter plays into the 13th green during the final round of the 2014 turkish airlines open . so , if push came to shove , would he take a green jacket over a claret jug ? ‘that’s a very unfair question , ’ he says . ‘ i wouldn’t take it . because i think i’ll win a claret jug , and i think i’ll win a green jacket . and i’m quite happy to put my neck on the line . ’ in a flash , there is the mentality that has vanquished many an american dream . despite poulter’s ryder cup heroics , he has still never won a strokeplay event on us soil . he came close to victory in the honda classic last month but a final-round collapse featuring five balls in the water extended that duck . yet the lion-hearted englishman believes he will still claim the game’s two biggest prizes . poulter admits the prospect of retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled . but he has already written his rags-to-riches story , from assistant club professional in hertfordshire to super-rich superstar in florida . he knows he will be able to reflect one day on an extraordinary career . english golfer poulter admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled . ‘ yeah i’d feel incomplete [ without a major ] but i’d feel very content living the rest of my life knowing that i gave it a good go . it wouldn’t stop me sleeping at night , i can certainly say that much . i want to win , i’m passionate about winning , that’s what keeps me going . but if it doesn’t happen , it doesn’t happen . i’m working very hard and if guys beat me fair and square then that’s fine . ’ two top-10 finishes at augusta in the last five years suggests there will not be too many who can be confident of beating poulter next week . he admits , however , that the ‘ truly remarkable’ mcilroy could be one of them . going for the career grand slam at the age of 25 is simply ‘incredible’ , but even if this is not the week that feat is achieved , poulter insists the northern irishman is already the equal of gene sarazen , ben hogan , jack nicklaus , gary player and tiger woods . poulter smiles during practice ahead of the 2014 ryder cup on the pga centenary course at gleneagles . ‘ we knew years ago when he burst on to the scene this kid was going to be good , ’ he says . ‘ we didn’t know how good . it happens every decade or couple of decades that someone comes along , gets inspired , works incredibly hard , is very dedicated , and proves that anything is possible . ‘ rory is one of those kids who has the natural talent , work ethic and is impressive to watch . when he’s on form he’s as good as anybody has ever been . ’ but for all the effusive praise , poulter rates bubba watson as the man to beat this year , not mcilroy . rory mcilroy hits his tee shot on the third hole during the first round of the arnold palmer invitational . the defending champion will be chasing his third masters win in four years and poulter reckons the huge-hitting left-hander’s game is so well suited to augusta , even the world no 1 might not be able to match him . six left-handed winners in the last 12 years — mike weir , phil mickelson ( three times ) and watson ( twice ) — is clearly playing on poulter’s mind . he would not be alone among the players in wondering how they can compete on what poulter admits is a ‘bomber’s course’ . still , is bubba really the man to beat , rather than rory ? ‘ for sure . absolutely . he hits it long , he hits a nice cut off every tee . when you hit it 340 yards with a slight cut , i’d like to play that golf course . yeah , i think he’s the favourite . ’ so how can poulter compete with watson , mcilroy and the other monster hitters ? ‘ that course lends itself to a cut , or if you’re a right-hander a draw . we all know that before we get there . it’s a case of practising certain shots . there are some key holes round there which a draw will favour , or a cut of you’re a left-hander . we all know it , we just have to work on it . ‘ i have to stick to my game plan . i can’t hit it 340 , i’ll try to get it out there at 300 and provided my short game and wedge game is very , very good and my putting is good then i’ll definitely have a chance come sunday . ’ if that plan comes to fruition , there’s a fair chance poulter might spend more than just one week living it up in the bahamas . he’d richly deserve it , too . and he wouldn’t even have to spend time worrying about what he’d choose for the champions dinner in 2016 . ian poulter is captain of the ballantine 's golf club , the first online , global golf club of its kind . join for free at ballantinesgolfclub.com for exclusive content and rewards . 