a liberal democrat candidate has thanked nick clegg for not visiting his seat because he said it would turn off voters . josh mason , who is standing in lib dem-held redcar , said the deputy prime minister was ' not the most popular ' . he said that a visit from the party leader to the seat , which is currently held by the lib dems , would not ' do us any favours ' . scroll down for video . josh mason , who is standing in lib dem-held redcar , said his own party leader nick clegg was ' not the most popular ' . but after lib dem hq heard about the remarks he was forced to make an embarrassing u-turn . mr clegg has seen a dramatic collapse in his popularity since the heyday of the 2010 election campaign when he was lauded as being more popular than winston churchill . the party secured 23 per cent of the vote in the 2010 election . since taking the lib dems into government and breaking his promise to scrap tuition fees , the party 's poll ratings have slumped to single figures . most lib dem mps are choosing to keep mr clegg off their leaflets and instead campaign on local issues . mr mason told itv tyne tees : ' i think that nick clegg coming to redcar might be a little bit of a double-edged sword for us . 'he’s not the most popular politician in the mainstream political circuit at the moment and i’m not convinced that his presence here would actually do us many favours . ' after the interview , the lib dems issued a 121 word statement on mr mason 's behalf praising mr clegg for having ' real guts ' . mr clegg is touring the country in a bright yellow battlebus , which stopped off in cardiff yesterday where he campaigned with leader of the welsh liberal democrats kirsty williams ( pictured ) . mr mason said he was now in ' no doubt ' that mr clegg would be ' well received ' if he paid a visit . the statement said : ' nick has shown real guts as our party leader and is someone i admire and respect . ' as deputy prime minister he delivered tax cuts for low earners , more jobs and apprenticeships , and ensured real investment has come to redcar after decades of neglect by labour and the tories . ' whilst this real difference to real people’s lives has not always been given a fair hearing in the mainstream political circuit , the election campaign at last gives nick and our party a chance to be heard directly by the public . ' as such i have no doubt that if nick now came to redcar and met all the people who have benefited from having the liberal democrats in government he would be well received . '‎ . the lib dems won the redcar seat with a 5,000 strong majority in 2010 but mp ian swales has stepped down . mr clegg faces a tough fight to keep hold of his sheffield hallam seat and polls have predicted his party could lose more than half of its mps.‎ .