the tories could cut child benefit or stop millions of families receiving it , government chief whip michael gove admitted last night . mr gove , the former education secretary , said he could not rule out further cuts to child benefit to reduce the deficit . asked on the bbc 's newsnight if he could confirm that there would be ' no more changes to child benefit ' , mr gove said : ' no i ca n't say that . ' conservative chief whip michael gove admitted the tories could cut child benefit or stop millions of families receiving it . mr gove said the tories would not cut benefits for the disabled or pensioners – but refused to rule out cuts to child benefit . he said : ' there is a huge amount of welfare spending that can be reduced without having any impact on people who have disabilities . ' we 're not going to hit , or take money away from , the disabled . we 're going to protect people who are pensioners . what we are going to do . ' mr gove was asked specifically : ' there will be no more changes to child benefit . can you say that to us ? ' he said : ' it 's not our policy at the moment . but the thing i would say is that we 've succeeded over the course of the last five years , not just in making departmental cuts which i 've alluded to , but in making £21billion worth of welfare cuts . all we 're asking to do is to do half of that again . ' rachel reeves , labour 's shadow work and pensions secretary , said : ' michael gove 's repeated refusal to rule out child benefit cuts will only add to fears that the tories have a secret plan to cut support to children . ' the tories have a £12 billion black hole in their welfare plans it 's clear they ca n't fill without hitting families with children . it 's time for the tories to come clean with the public about their plans to cut child benefit . ' the revelation comes after george osborne last month refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if the conservatives win a second term . asked on the bbc 's newsnight if he could confirm there will be ' no more changes to child benefit ' , mr gove said : ' no i ca n't say that ' . mr gove 's remarks came after george osborne last month refused to rule out further cuts to child benefit if the conservatives win a second term . more than a million households lost out when the coalition announced that families with one parent earning £50,000 would pay tax on child benefit . earners over £60,000 lost out altogether . the controversial measure , brought in two and a half years ago as part of the government 's austerity programme , was criticised for penalising single-earner families and stay-at-home mothers . it meant anyone earning less than £50,000 – even a couple on £49,000 each - still received the full entitlement of £20.70 a week for the first child , and £13.70 for every subsequent child . mr osborne was asked at a briefing in central london on the economy this morning whether he could ' rule out depriving more people of child benefit , like you 've already done in this parliament ? ' but the chancellor appeared to leave the door open to further cuts when asked if he would be ' depriving more families ' of the payments which are worth more than £1,000 per year . mr osborne did not directly answer about reducing the threshold , only saying that child benefit would not be replaced by the new benefits system universal credit , which is being rolled out nationally . the respected think tank the institute for fiscal studies have suggested that increasing universal credit for some families and using it instead of child benefit could save £4.8billion a year . the chancellor said : ' you can judge us on our record in this parliament . if we wanted to put child benefit into universal credit we would have done it when we set up universal credit . ' we 've got a track record , we 've got a plan based on clear principles of making work pay , sharpening work incentives . ' asked again why he did not rule out any type of child benefit cuts , he said : ' i 've given you a very clear answer . we 've created a welfare system where child poverty is down , inequality is down , we have a record low number of workless households and what we are doing is creating welfare system where it pays to work and we protect the most vulnerable . ' we are going to carry on doing that in the next parliament . but we ca n't do any of these things without economic security and a growing economy . ' the conservatives say they would cut £30billion of spending if they win a second term . of this £12billion would be slashed from the welfare bill , with the rest from government departments and further cracking down on tax avoidance . while the prime minister has given a commitment to protect the state pension , few other savings have been set out apart from reducing the cap on a family 's annual benefits from £26,000 to £23,000 . it is widely speculated that the conservatives could restrict child benefit to just two children , to save around £2billion a year .