this is the emotional moment an 83-year-old grandfather saw an image of his mother for the first time in 70 years . thomas cain 's mother ora mae died in 1943 , when he was just 12 years old , and he was left thinking that there were no surviving photographs of her . but this footage , recorded in 2013 , shows the moment his enterprising granddaughter , andrea ferrell , 29 , gave him an old photograph she acquired from a distant relative . shock and tears : an emotional thomas cain is shown , left , looking at the old photograph , while to the right is his shocked expression once he realizes what it is . in the video she hands mr cain her present , which dates from the 1920s and shows his mother as a teenager , while his family encourage him . when his daughter , joyce , explains by saying ' that 's your momma ' , a shocked mr cain can only exclaim ' what ? ! ' as the realization dawns on him mr cain chokes up and starts crying . he asks ' where 'd it come from ? ' , prompting ferrell to explain she found it with a distant relative in florida after appealing for information in her local paper . long-lost : mr cain poses above with the old photograph . he had assumed there was no photographic record of his mother , who died when he was just 13 . his mother , ora mae , ( detail right ) is thought to be a teenager in the image , which dates from the 1920s . gift : andrea ferrell , left , hunted down the old image for her beloved grandfather . writing about the discovery on social media , ferrell described her ' pawpaw ' as ' the greatest , most humble , god-fearing , family-oriented , loving man in the entire world ' adding that ' he deserves ' the happy surprise , which took two years to track down . ferrell also explained that her quest for more photographs of her ancestors is not yet over . in a post she said she is also hunting down pictures of mr cain 's father , henry , who also died when he was young . ferrell told dailymail.com she has managed to track down images of many of mr cain 's other relatives , including siblings , cousins , aunts and uncles - but that henry cain remains elusive .