the former nfl kicker lawrence tynes is suing the tampa bay buccaneers accusing them of unsanitary conditions that led to a mrsa infection that he says ended his career . the 36-year-old is seeking $ 20million in lost future earnings and $ 15,000 in damages after he contracted the deadly infection in 2013 following a surgery on an ingrown toenail , according to albert breer of the nfl network . the lawsuit was announced on monday and alleges that the buccaneers ' failed to disclose and actively concealed ongoing incidents of the infection among other individuals ' who used team 's facilities , according to espn . lawrence tynes has filed a lawsuit against the tampa bay buccaneers for $ 20million in lost future earnings . tynes was in training camp with the buccaneers in 2013 when he contracted the deadly mrsa infection . the suit also claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices , equipment and surfaces unclean , according to espn . tynes and another player , offensive guard carl nicks , both contracted methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus ( mrsa ) infections during a july 2013 outbreak of the infection during the buccaneers ' summer training camp prior to the season . nicks reached a settlement with the team last year over his infection for $ 3million , according to deadspin . tynes , who has not kicked a football since 2012 , said that he spent eight or nine days without being diagnosed and his infection worsened . ' no one cultured my toe at the facility , ' he told espn . ' i left that facility on my own and found a doctor in town and said , ' can you look at my toe because i think all the doctors at the bucs are lying to me . ' the former kicker is seeking an additional $ 15,000 in damages and says the infection has ended his career . the lawsuit claims that the team did not use necessary sterile techniques and routinely left therapy devices , equipment and surfaces unclean . ' and i took my sock off , he looks at my toe , without any scientific study or anything , he said , ' you have mrsa . ' and i 'm at a billion-dollar company with the supposed best doctors in the world , and not one of them told me that i had that ? i know they knew i had it . they just did n't want me to have it . ' he also told espn he nearly had his toe amputated due to mrsa , and said that because of the pain in his toe he can longer play . after he contracted the infection , tynes was placed on the non-football injury list ( nfi ) by the team just before the season began . mrsa is usually contracted by people in hospitals or other medical facilities . it is resistant to most antibiotic treatments and can lead to deadly flesh-eating bacteria . the infection can remain in the body for years while being treated . the superbug killed more people than aids in 2011 . source : centers for disease control . the nfi list is the team 's way of denying liability after he contracted the precursor for flesh-eating bacteria , which denies him of certain benefits he is eligible for while on ir . players on ir reserve their full salary , an accrued season ( towards both free agency and retirement benefits ) and full health insurance – players on nfi receive none of those benefits . first infected after a july 30 procedure to remove an ingrown toenail on his kicking foot , in earlier reports tynes said he went to the team after his foot became red and swollen within a few days . six different antibiotics and three surgical procedures later , he previously told fox sports that the team was denying liability . ' i 'm standing up for what i think is right , ' tynes told espn . ' or what i know is right . i 'm in this thing 'til the very end . i 'm not going away . ' the former new york giants postseason hero had a peripherally inserted central catheter ( picc ) line hooked directly to his veins to more efficiently get antibiotics into his system to fight the infection , according to fox sports . the kicker 's plight was first brought to the nation 's attention by his wife after buccaneers coach greg schiano told media the infected players were ' responding well ' to treatment . ' i hear my husband is responding ' well ' to treatment . lol ! he 's not responding at all yet . this is our # bucslife , ' amanda tynes tweeted august 13 , 2013 with a picture of her ailing husband on the couch , hooked up to an intravenous drip . less than a month later , with their kicker still sidelined and hopes of him recovering in time to contribute to the 2013 season dwindling , the buccaneers informed the two-time super bowl champion the weekend before the season opener that he would be placed on the non-football injury list , further infuriating him and his wife . tynes ( 9 ) twice kicked the new york giants to the super bowl with nfc championship-winning overtime field goals . ' the bucs informed my husband via email that he will be placed on nfi . would n't expect anything more from such a classy organization , ' amanda tynes tweeted at the time . ' historically , other teams have done the right thing , ' said lawrence tynes . ' other players who have had staph or mrsa , the appropriate designation is ir . ' mrsa infections are resistant to most bacteria and , if untreated , can turn deadly . they are usually diagnosed in people who have been in hospitals or had medical procedures and can take years to overcome , according to the centers for disease control . tynes took to the airwaves to voice his concerns and speak out against what he felt was negligent treatment by the team . he signed a one-year contract with the buccaneers prior to the 2013 season after a six-year stint with the giants , where he became famous for twice nailing field goals in overtime that sent his team to the super bowl . tynes started his career with the kansas city chiefs .