a 78-year-old woman used her own detective work to track down a burglar who had stolen her jewellery during a raid on her home . nina anderson searched pawn shops near her house in portsmouth , hampshire , after gold and silver necklaces worth nearly £400 were taken from her bedroom as she watched television . the great-grandmother , who lives with husband maurice , 75 , eventually spotted two of the stolen items in the window of a cash and cheque express in the city centre two months after the raid . her actions , which echo those of agatha christie character miss marple , led to the arrest of burglar martin campbell , who has now been jailed for three years . detective : nina anderson , pictured with husband maurice , 75 , searched pawn shops near their house in portsmouth , hampshire , after gold and silver necklaces were taken from her bedroom as she watched tv . real-life miss marple : mrs anderson 's ( left with her husband ) actions mirror those of agatha christie character miss marple , who was played on itv by actress geraldine mcewan ( right ) between 2004 and 2007 . portsmouth crown court heard campbell , who had been hired to do odd jobs for the couple , forced his way into the house when mrs anderson was at home alone on december 28 . he was arrested by police when mrs anderson noticed necklaces missing from her jewellery box , but was later released with no further action . determined to retrieve her stolen jewellery , mrs anderson began looking in nearby pawn shops . she spotted two of the missing necklaces in the window of a branch of cash and cheque express on february 19 . the pawn shop was able to provide a bank statement , photo id and ownership declaration that campbell , 28 , had provided when he sold the jewellery . mrs anderson contacted the police , who used the records to re-arrest campbell . mrs anderson 's actions mirror those of miss marple , a fictional character who appears in 12 of agatha christie 's novels , solving difficult crimes with her shrewd intelligence . breaking in : campbell forced his way into the house when mrs anderson was at home alone . above , the damage done to the door during the raid . she said : ' i left copies of the stolen gold in pawn shops around the city . ' i found myself looking in the windows every time i passed by . then this time something caught my eye - it was my silver necklace . ' it took my work to do it , otherwise we would n't have heard anything . ' prosecutor martyn booth told portsmouth crown court : ' the police had effectively concluded their investigations . thankfully the andersons had conducted their own enquiries . ' enquiries established that the defendant had turned up on december 30 two days after the burglary trying to sell the items . ' an 18ct gold necklace with an image of st anthony that mrs anderson 's late father gave to her when she left italy in 1957 is still missing . mrs anderson said she had treated campbell like ' one of the family ' when she hired him as a handyman and that the burglary was a ' great betrayal ' . she said : ' we ca n't trust anybody , i 'm locking myself in . i 've been through quite a lot , i 've been traumatised . i 've had to go to the doctors to get sleeping tablets . ' barry mcelduff , defending , handed a letter to the judge written by campbell apologising to the andersons . mr mcelduff said : ' he accepts full responsibility for he offences . he expresses remorse and shame . temptation got the better of him . ' the father-of-one has had 24 court appearances for 40 offences , including previous burglaries in 2002 , 2003 and 2006 . he admitted burglary and fraud relating to pawning the jewellery . he was sentenced to 18 weeks in prison in addition to a suspended sentence for stealing a bicycle that he was serving when he committed the crime . link : cristos charalambides , franchisee of the cash and cheque express where the jewellery was found , with nina and maurice anderson . the pawn shop was able to provide records that traced back to campbell . sentencing campbell to three years , judge sarah munro qc said : ' you describe them as people with hearts of gold . ' you threw their kindness back in their faces as you did their trust in you by breaking into their home and stealing jewellery . these offences , as i hope you understand , were a great betrayal . ' they 've led to a considerable detrimental effect on that couple . ' the officer investigating the burglary has praised the andersons for their detective work . he said : ' it was her integrity which led to the recovery of two items . we always encourage victims of crime to check out the normal joints , second hand shops , pawn shops . ' spotted : determined to retrieve her stolen jewellery , mrs anderson began looking in nearby pawn shops . she saw two of the missing necklaces in the window of a branch of cash and cheque express , pictured .