the 150 people killed in the germanwings air disaster in the french alps have been remembered at a memorial service in germany today . the cardinal who led the service at the historic cologne cathedral urged forgiveness for all of the victims - including co-pilot andreas lubitz who is widely blamed for ' deliberately ' crashing the jet after locking the captain out of the cockpit . an investigation into the disaster revealed that lubitz previously suffered from severe depression and his home computer showed he had researched ways of committing suicide . german president joachim gauck said the tragedy had not only provoked grief and sorrow , adding : ' we 're being confronted with a disturbing act of destruction . speaking at the ceremony , he said : ' we ca n't find an answer to the question of why so many people had to die because of a decision that one person made . ' small wooden angels were placed on the pews to comfort the 500 bereaved relatives of the doomed flights who were among 1,500 to attend the touching service . and flags have been flown at half-mast across the country as political and religious leaders join hundreds of bereaved relatives in the west-german city this morning . memorial : german chancellor angela merkel ( second from left ) and president joachim gauck ( second from right ) among were among the 1,500 attending a ceremony to remember the victims of the tragic germanwings air disaster at cologne cathedral ( pictured ) today . compassion : german cardinal rainer woelki ( left ) - who is leading today 's service - urged forgiveness for all the crash 's victims , including the co-pilot blamed for bringing the plane down . memorial : 150 candles have been lit in front of the altar of the cathedral where cardinal rainer woelki will lead the service . grateful : north rhine-westphalia 's state premier hannelore kraft ( left ) shakes hands with a member of emergency services on behalf of the church . humbled : kraft paid her respects to those killed in the air disaster by bowing in front of the candles lit in their memory . upset : meanwhile hundreds of emotional locals ( pictured ) gathered to watch and listen to the memorial service outside the cathedral . leaders : german chancellor ( centre ) attended the memorial - as did president joachim gauck ( top left ) who said the tragedy had provoked grief and sorrow . ceremony : lufthansa chief executive carsten spohr ( left ) and germanwings managing director thomas winkelmann ( right ) attended the memorial service for the 150 victims of germanwings flight 4u 9525 . greetings : north-rhine westphalia 's prime minister hannelore kraft ( centre ) welcomed lufthansa boss spohr ahead of the ceremony which will be broadcast nationwide . tragedy : le vernet mayor francois balique ( left ) , seyne les alpes mayor francis hermitte ( right ) and prads-haute-bleone mayor bernard bartolini ( right ) - who preside over the area where the plane crashed - were also in attendance . touching : the moving ceremony will also be broadcast on screens outside and to german homes across the country , with one resident saying they are all ' touched by this horrific catastrophe ' . heart-breaking : political and religious leaders ( pictured ) joined hundreds of bereaved relatives in the west-german city this morning to remember those who died in the plane crash . blamed : french prosecutors revealed the plane 's co-pilot andreas lubitz ( pictured ) ' deliberately ' brought down the plane after locking its captain out of the cockpit . victims : the jet which was heading to dusseldorf in germany from barcelona was carrying 150 passengers - including young school children - who all died when it crashed ( pictured ) . a white flag with a black cross blew in the wind on the square outside where hundreds more people amassed to watch the ceremony on large screens , while buses and trains in the city stood still for one minute before the service started . inside the cathedral , 150 candles were lit in front of the altar where speeches were given - one for every person killed in the disaster . the country 's chancellor angela merkel and president joachim gauck attended the service - as did spain 's interior minister jorge fernandez and french transport minister alain vidalies . lufthansa chairman carsten spohr was also among the 1,500 guests , including 500 of the victims ' families . the event at europe 's largest gothic church in the west-german city was broadcast live on screens outside the cathedral and to millions of viewers nationwide . cologne resident ursula mund said she would be among those watching on the large square in the city centre . the 53-year-old said : ' of course this is a special occasion . we have all talked a lot about what happened and are still baffled by it . we are still saddened and i feel very moved today . ' michael senker who will follow the ceremony on television said : ' it 's important to me to watch because all of germany has been particularly affected by this tragedy . we all feel touched by this horrible catastrophe . ' remembrance : among the attendees are 500 bereaved family members whose relatives died in the horrific crash in the french alps . bereaved : touching tributes and flowers ( pictures ) were left outside cologne cathedral this morning as the entire country mourns the victims of the air disaster . moving : mourners left flowers and touching messages to the both the victims of the air disaster and the families they left behind . devastated : the memorial at cologe cathedral today ( pictured ) follow a memorial event near the disaster site at the village of le vernet in the french alps . never forget : posters of black ribbons ( pictured ) bearing the flight number of the doomed germanwings jet have been displayed near the cathedral where the memorial is taking place today . mourning : flags have been flown at half-mast across the country , including on germany 's parliament building in berlin ( pictured ) . union : the memorial service will be led by the archbishop of cologne , cardinal rainer maria woelki , and the president of the protestant church of westphalia . forgiveness : cologne 's cardinal rainer woelki - who will lead the ceremony at the cathedral ( pictured ) - urged compassion for all those who died in the crash including lubitz . mourners lay flowers and lit candles on the stairways leading to the cathedral - and outside the city 's main railway station nearby . a bouquet of white tulips left at the foot of the cathedral had a card with the message ' depression is incalculable , ' referring to co-pilot andreas lubitz who suffered from the illness . cologne 's cardinal rainer woelki - who will lead the ceremony - urged compassion for all those who died in the crash including lubitz , saying : ' there are 150 victims . ' the germanwings airbus 320 was en route to duesseldorf from barcelona when it crashed in the french alps on march 24 - killing everyone aboard . germany was devastated by the loss of its citizens which included 16 young students and two teachers from a high school in the small town of haltern-am-see who were returning from a class trip to spain . co-pilot lubitz , who had been diagnosed as suicidal in the past , is believed to have deliberately flown the plane into the mountainside after locking the captain out of the cockpit . disastrous : among those who died when the plane went down in the french alps ( pictured ) were 16 young students and two teachers from a high school in the small town of haltern-am-see . remains : co-pilot lubitz who is widely blamed for the crash had previously been diagnosed as suicidal . investigators suspect lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit before putting the plane into descent and increasing the jet 's speed several times as it went down . aviation industry doctors have since demanded that german pilots undergo more extensive medical checks , while several airlines worldwide have changed rules to require two crew in cockpits at all times . lufthansa - the parent company of germanwings - cancelled its 60th anniversary celebrations set for april . it also placed memorial pages in major newspapers dedicated to the memory of passengers and staff who died in the disaster saying : ' we will never forget them . ' loved ones of victims previously attended a memorial event near the disaster site at the village of le vernet in the french alps . on april 13 , foreign ministers of germany , spain and france also paid tribute to the victims at barcelona airport , where the passengers embarked .