a florida university is investigating the death of a student who drowned in daytona beach to determine whether or not hazing was involved . bethune-cookman university student damian parks , 22 , was reported missing after going swimming with student s at 3am on sunday and students who were with him said strong currents pulled parks out to sea . his body was found monday morning . students who were with parks , who were all part of a step team called melodic stepping experience , which formed last year , said no hazing was involved . bethune-cookman university student damian parks , 22 , drowned in daytona beach on sunday after going for a swim with friends at 3am . he was pulled out to see by a strong current and his body was later found on monday morning . but bethune-cookman university is investigating parks death after university administration ' heard rumors ' that hazing was involved . parks and the men he was swimming with were part of a step team called melodic stepping experience , which formed last year . a bethune-cookman spokeswoman keisha boyd said that the university administration had ' heard rumors ' about hazing and that volusia county beach safety ocean rescue is investigating the student 's death , according to the daytona beach news-journal . parks ' mother , carolyn parks , said she did n't know why her son would decide to swim in the ocean . ' i do n't know why it happened , why he would go into the water like this , because he is not a good swimmer , ' she told wesh 2 . ' and i had talked to him just before he came out here and he told me he was tired and was going to rest , not knowing he was going to come out here to the beach . ' damian parks is the second son carolyn parks has had to mourn in recent months . her 16-year-old son died in miami six months ago . parks was with four other men in about 5ft of water near sun splash park when he lost grip of a friend 's clothing and a the current pulled him out to sea , according to a u.s. coast guard report . parks ' friends said that there was ' no foul play at all ' and that is was not hazing . they added that the group was ' having fun ' and that parks had not been drinking before the incident . uamil turner , who was at the beach , said ' it was n't hazing ' , and he was unsure where the rumor came from . marquise nelson , who was also at the beach with parks , said that there ' was no foul play at all ' . ' damian did n't do anything he did n't want to do , and everyone knew that , ' nelson told the news-journal . ' everyone was having fun . ' parks friends said that the student had not been drinking the night he drowned nor was he impaired in any way . deputy chief ray manchester of volusia county beach safety ocean rescue said there 's no sign of hazing in the incident and that the men had , however , been out bar-hopping before going for a swim . he added that he believed ' they may have been drinking ' and that the ocean was rough when the men entered the water . students and staff at bethune-cookman university mourned parks ' death during a prayer vigil held on monday after the student 's body was found . the university said that though the investigation is ongoing , it still wants to celebrate parks ' life and support his family ' in this most difficult time ' . the university is investigating into hazing , while volusia county beach safety ocean rescue is assisting with toxicology and witness statements , manchester said . bethune-cookman spokeswoman boyd said that though the investigation was ongoing , the university is still celebrating parks ' life . ' once any additional information is provided by the beach patrol , the university will issue another statement . while information regarding the events of april 20th are continuing to surface , we ask that the public join b-cu in supporting the parks family in this most difficult time , ' she said . the university held a prayer vigil on monday , in which university president edison jackson planted a tree in parks ' memory . students at the vigil said that parks ' never stopped laughing ' and was both talented and artistic . during monday 's vigil , university president edison planted a tree in parks ' memory . more than 100 people appeared to have shown up for monday 's vigil .