this dramatic footage shows a climber as he scales a sheer 60ft rock face in the cairngorms . julian lines was filmed edging towards the top of the cliff - without any equipment to stop him plummeting into the freezing water below . the 42-year-old , who has been solo climbing for almost 30 years , is seen grappling to find handholds and footholds as he edges towards the summit . scroll down for video . sheer : julian lines , pictured in red , was filmed completing the climb in the cairngorm , scotland , using just his hands and feet for support . edging towards the top : mr lines was captured grappling to find footholds and handholds in the sheer rock face as he scaled the cliff . do n't look down : the solo climber clings to the side of the cliff - hugging his body to the stone - as he climbs further from the freezing water . while the ascent would leave most with their palms sweating , mr lines , from northern ireland , said ' life 's problems evaporate ' when he is climbing . but he admitted there had been times he had fallen and had ' really close calls ' . he said : ' there 's a lot of feeling and emotions going on when soloing . it 's quite complex , yet so simple . ' although you have to be clear headed before you start soloing , once you 're up there life 's problems just seem to evaporate . ' of course there are fears and nerves , more so now that i 'm older . in fact i do n't really like it anymore if i 'm more than about 60ft up . ' i do n't worry about slipping , i worry about my arms tiring rapidly and not being able to hold on . it 's all about speed and precision . ' slipping is uncommon unless i 'm really tired or the standard of the climb is of the upmost difficulty . risks : mr lines said slipping is uncommon , but he worries about not being able to hold on if his arms tiring rapidly during an ascent . fearful : mr lines said ' his inner mortality was catching up ' with him , which makes climbing more difficult than it used to be . struggle : face contorted in concentration , julian lines clutches to another rock face , high above the rough woodland below . planning : the 42-year-old said solo climbing is about risk assessing , calculating and fine tuning in order to ' minimise the inevitable ' . ' in more than 25 years of soloing , i 've had some really close calls . soloing is all about risk assessing , calculating it all correctly and fine tuning to minimise the inevitable . ' there have been times when i 've actually fallen and been so lucky with the way i 've landed it 's close to miraculous . ' all of these stories are written in julian 's book ' tears of the dawn ' which was published last year and won the prestigious boardman tasker award for mountain literature in 2014 . alastair lee , director at posing productions , who recorded the footage said : ' jules is very much the dark horse of british climbing and easily the most accomplished free soloist in the uk . ' filming soloing is n't for the faint hearted but it was a spectacular journey we embarked on as jules guided around many of his favourite climbing destinations . ' dramatic moments : alastair lee , director at posing productions , recorded incredible footage of julian lines climbing , as seen above .