you might think opting for a salad or sandwich for lunch will see you on your way to a healthy lifestyle . but in fact sandwiches and pasta salads can contain more fat , calories and sugar than burgers and pizzas . some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than demonised junk foods from the likes of mcdonald’s , burger king and pizza express , researchers have found . scroll down for video . some apparently healthy meals are worse for you than demonised junk foods from the likes of mcdonald’s , burger king and pizza express , researchers have found . for example , asda’s piri piri chicken pasta salad contains 46.5g of fat – two thirds of the recommended daily intake for an adult – which is more than the 43.3g found in a burger king bacon and cheese whopper . meanwhile a marks & spencer chicken and smoked bacon salad sandwich contains 694 calories and 37.1g of fat – but a pizza express classic margherita pizza has 683 calories and contains only 22.5g of fat . and a 624-calorie brie and bacon panini from caffè nero comes in at more than 100 calories higher than a 518-calorie mcdonald’s quarter pounder with cheese . consumer group which ? , which conducted the research , said it was surprised to find that three of the sandwiches it surveyed contained more than three teaspoons of sugar . these included pret’s posh cheddar and pickle on artisan , which contains 17.6g of sugar – equivalent to more than four teaspoons . which ? added it was easy for customers to overeat at lunchtime , with dishes such as morrisons’ tomato and basil chicken pasta , which states it contains seven servings , often eaten by one person – meaning they consume 683 calories and 38.6g of fat in one sitting . this is more than burger king’s chicken royale with cheese , which has 648 calories and 37.2g of fat . which ? said its research proves all food suppliers need to adopt the traffic light labelling system , which flags up levels of calories , fat , sugar and salt , to help consumers cut through the confusion and find healthy lunch options . a 624-calorie brie and bacon panini from caffè nero comes in at more than 100 calories higher than a 518-calorie mcdonald’s quarter pounder with cheese . the system is voluntary and many stores opt not to use it . a which ? spokesman said : ‘we’ve uncovered sandwiches and salads that contain more calories and fat than a big mac . ‘ given our research , it’s perhaps not surprising that two thirds of uk adults and a third of children are classed as overweight or obese . overconsumption of foods high in calories , sugar and fat is fuelling our obesity crisis . ’