 stunning images have surfaced of an elusive albino dolphin that can change colour from white to pink when it 's emotional . the rare mammal has been making waves at the taiji whale museum in southern japan , where it draws vast and fascinated crowds . while bottlenose dolphins are typically grey , the mammal is completely white– apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink when it 's feeling angry , sad or even embarrassed . scroll down for video . an albino bottlenose dolphin frolics inside the taiji whale museum in southern japan . the phenomenon results from the animals thin skin , which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state . essentially , they blush in the same way as humans . the rare specimen is believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium after it was purchased from fishermen last year . the animal was controversially captured during the annual dolphin hunt in the town of taiji in january . its quirky colouration meant the fishermen would get more money selling it to an aquarium than as meat . while bottlenose dolphins are typically grey , the mammal is completely white– apart from the quirky tendency to turn pink when it 's feeling emotional . the rare animal - believed to be only the second one ever put on display in an aquarium - has been drawing in huge crowds of fascinated beholders . the taiji hunt was made notorious by the 2009 oscar-winning documentary ' the cove , ' which depicted fishermen capturing hundreds of dolphins for aquariums or to be killed for meat . japan 's wakayama prefecture , which includes taiji , reported that 1,218 dolphins and small whales were captured there in 2011 , though it did not specify how many of those captured were killed . environmental activists filed a lawsuit against the taiji whaling museum in may 2014 , claiming it had refused experts to check on the safety of the elusive dolphin . but the museum claims the creatures health has been monitored through periodic blood tests , and that they are keeping it ' physically and mentally healthy ' for further research . the pink tone is a result of the animals thin skin , which means its blood vessels can cause a change in skin tone depending on their emotional state . environmental activists filed a lawsuit against the taiji whaling museum in may 2014 , claiming it had refused experts to check on the safety of the elusive dolphin . it was also reported the museum did the animal a favour - albino dolphins are easy prey at sea as they unable to blend in like their grey coloured relatives . experts claimed it was remarkable that the animal had survived so long before being taken to the museum . taiji whaling museum , along with the tokyo university of marine science and technology and the institute of cetacean research , published a study about the dolphin in mammal study march 2015 . the animal is captured by fishermen during the annual dolphin hunt in the town of taiji in january last year . researchers at the museum , who claim they are keeping the dolphin in good health for research purposes , published a study about the animal in march .   