mouldy food was discovered in a restaurant by inspectors after a diner complained of finding dog faeces on the floor - leading to £15,000 in fines for the ‘dangerous’ owner . council inspectors found a shocking state of hygiene at the steer inn in wilberfoss , east yorkshire - and owner david crossfield later admitted 17 charges of breaching food safety regulations . officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy and unfit for human consumption - and food was being served to the public that had exceeded its use by date . shocking : officers carried out inspections where they found food in the kitchen was mouldy ( above ) and unfit for human consumption - and food was being served to the public that had exceeded its use by date . in addition , raw meat was being prepared in direct contact with ready to eat salad items posing a serious risk of cross contamination , beverley magistrates’ court was told . inspectors - who first visited in january 2014 - also found kitchen equipment was in an unhygienic condition due to disrepair , and there was a failure to carry out regular disinfection and cleaning . meanwhile food safety systems , monitoring checks and procedures were not in place - and food handlers were found to consistently demonstrate a lack of understanding of food safety issues . crossfield , 52 , of elvington , north yorkshire - whom magistrates branded ‘foolish’ - also admitted failing to comply with a hygiene improvement notice requiring food hygiene training for his staff . mouldy food and dirty floor : inspectors found kitchen equipment at the steer inn was in an unhygienic condition due to disrepair and there was a failure to carry out regular disinfection and cleaning . crossfield said he was the sole director of the steer inn ( pocklington ) ltd and had admitted he had taken over the running of the premises with no knowledge of running a kitchen or a restaurant . he said he had been worked in pubs and bars ‘ with no problems before’ and he had been ‘naive’ and had been led to believe the chef had the right qualifications relating to food hygiene . crossfield told the court that the steer inn had ceased trading on new year’s eve 2014 and that he was in the process of liquidating the company , which had no assets . chair of the bench graham mcdonald told him : ‘ these were appalling offences . people could have become seriously ill or even died as a result of salmonella . east yorkshire restaurant : the company was fined £8,500 , plus costs of £1,392 and a victim surcharge of £120 . its owner was individually fined £2,750 , as well as costs of £1,392 and a £120 victim surcharge . ‘ your naivety was dangerous and the fact you relied on your chef was extremely foolish . ’ the company was fined £8,500 , plus costs of £1,392 and a victim surcharge of £120 . crossfield was individually fined £2,750 , as well as costs of £1,392 and a £120 victim surcharge . paul abbott , manager for public protection at east riding of yorkshire council , said : ‘ the council’s food safety team had offered considerable advice to the food business operator of the premises in an attempt to produce safe food but despite being rated a zero under the food hygiene rating scheme , he had failed to make meaningful improvements . he added that the council ‘ will always try to work with businesses to ensure the food they sell is safe and they are compliant with the relevant legislation ' .