qatar 's grip on london’s real estate tightened this week when it agreed to buy a majority share in the company behind the iconic claridge’s hotel . the gulf state 's constellation hotels bought the 64 per cent stake in hotel company coroin - which owns five-star offerings claridge 's , the berkeley and the connaught - from billionaire brothers sir david and sir frederick barclay . it is not known how much the deal is worth , but some have reported it could be as much as £1.6billion . the hotels are the latest in an impressive list of high-profile acquisitions for the country , whose investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city 's landmark buildings including the shard , harrods and one canada tower - the centrepiece of the canary wharf financial district . constellation also recently bought london park lane hotel , and owns le grand hotel in paris . qatar’s royal family , which owns more of london than the crown estate , is also planning their own british palace in the capital . last december , the rulers submitted plans to convert three prime properties in london’s regent’s park into a huge mansion , set to become the uk’s first £200million home . the country also hold stakes in flagship british companies including barclays bank , sainsbury 's and british airways owner iag . portfolio : qatar 's investment arm has been snapping up a number of the city 's landmark buildings , illustrated on the map of london above . iconic : qatar 's grip on london tightened this week when it agreed to buy a majority stake in the company behind claridge’s hotel , pictured . landmark : qatar holding bought luxury department store harrods from businessman mohamed al fayed for a reported £1.4billion in 2010 . prized : the shard , pictured centre , western europe 's tallest skyscraper , is one of a string of high profile developments qatar owns in the city . deal : qatari diar , the state 's investment arm , teamed up with uk property developer delancey estates to buy the athletes ' village for £557m . five-star : the luxury connaught hotel in mayfair , pictured , is owned by hotel company coroin , in which qatar now holds a majority stake . taking over : qatar become a major shareholder of camden market , pictured , when it bought 20 per cent stake in property group chelsfield . trophy asset : in january , qatar bought the 97-acre financial district canary wharf , seen in background , with a canadian partner for £2.6 billion . investment : qatar holding , which also has shares in barclays and sainsbury 's , owns a 10 per cent stake in the london stock exchange , above . plans to develop : qatari diar real estate investment bought the us embassy building in grosvenor square , mayfair , pictured , in 2009 . luxury : the qatari royal family bought 1 , 2 , and 3 cornwall terrace ( pictured ) in 2013 and is converting the three into a £200million palace . exclusive : qatar’s prime minister owns 50 per cent of one hyde park , pictured , through his property development company waterknights . high-end : the berkeley hotel , in london 's upmarket knightsbridge , pictured , was added to qatar 's impressive property portfolio this week . residential development : qatari diar bought the site of the chelsea barracks , pictured , from the ministry of defence for nearly £1bn in 2007 .