a mother-of-three repeatedly knifed in the head by her violent boyfriend has revealed how she begged him to put her to bed so she did n't die on the floor . joanne bolton told how she thought she was going to die at the hands of steven young during the ' brutal and merciless ' seven hour long ordeal . the 35-year-old was stabbed over 14 times before being knocked out with a mental bar after being held captive in her own home . joanne bolton , pictured in hospital , did not believe she was going to survive the horrific attack that saw her knifed more than 14 times . such was the force of the attack , that the blade of a knife being used to stab her in the head broke . but this did not end the nightmare , instead young chose a bigger weapon and continued his violent onslaught . ' i did n't think i was going to survive and i asked him to put me to bed because i did n't want to die on the floor , ' said miss bolton of new kyo , stanley , county durham . ' i felt euphoric , i stopped feeling the cold and had no strength left . i knew i did n't have long left . ' miss bolton was already fleeing from a violent relationship when she met young and jumped at the chance to move in with him after staying in a refuge . but soon after he became possessive and violent and started using her a punchbag as he fought his own insecurities . steven young , pictured right , was jailed for 18 years by a judge at newcastle crown court after he admitted attempted murder of miss bolton , pictured left , shortly after the seven hour ordeal . miss bolton , a former support worker , says he was using drugs and was on prescribed methadone which led to paranoia at times . but in may he exploded after she had posted a photo and message on facebook saying she was unhappy . ' he would wind himself up to breaking point . he would say i was cheating on him but it was him cheating on me , ' she said . ' but on that day i had been outside fixing my car and had been talking to a young lad who collects scrap metal . ' he [ young ] was upset because of the facebook message . i went into the kitchen and opened a tin of tuna and he stuck a six inch knife in my head . ' the blade was sticking in my head and i thought ' oh my god , i 'm going to die ' . i could n't pull it out but he did . ' he pulled it so hard it gave me whiplash and the blade snapped on the way out and fell on the floor . he went for another big knife and he stabbed me in the back and it punctured my kidney . ' he then stabbed me twice in the chest - once in the breast and once in the lung . my lung was filling with blood , i knew i was in trouble and i was coughing up blood . the mother-of-three has been left scarred for life and needed more than 100 stitches to her face , arms and body . ' i did n't feel the stabs , it just felt like punches , i feel more pain in my dreams now . ' he kept telling me i was going to die and was trying to stab me in the eyes and kept lunging and stabbing me in the head and face , over and over and over again . i put my arm up to protect myself . ' he cut through the nerves , tendons , veins and ligaments above my wrist , blood spurted out . ' from my wrist it was hanging off . he then stabbed me in the thumb , i needed over 100 stitches in total . ' young pleaded guilty to attempted murder and was given an 18-year sentence in february at newcastle crown court . jailing him , judge paul sloan told him : ' during the attack miss bolton truly believed she was going to die and she has suffered profound physical and mental suffering . ' this was a particularly brutal , merciless and sustained attack that must have been truly terrifying for the victim . ' there is a significant risk to members of the public , particularly partners and former partners , of serious harm by you . ' mum-of-three joanne added : ' i was left in my own pool of blood and i was very cold . ' i was there for hours and then i crawled towards the fire to get warm . ' when i was on my hands and knees he took a power bar and played golf with my head . he hit me in the forehead which flung me backwards then hit me on the shoulder which fractured the bones in my shoulder blade . ' thinking of a way out , gasping for breath , miss bolton persuaded young to put her on the bed and said she had £20 for him to uy drugs . miss bolton now suffers with mild brain damage and is often scared to leave the house . on his return she begged him to call an ambulance , saying she would blame her injuries on someone else . she was in intensive care on a ventilator and was in surgery for six hours . ' i had been sterilised when i was 22 because i had real problems during my three births but somehow was pregnant during this , ' said joanne . ' i miscarried after my shoulder operation but that plays heavy on my mind now . ' i never expected to be pregnant again , that was not supposed to happen , but i was and it survived those weeks while this was happening ' . the frenzied attack has left joanne with mild brain damage , she struggles to detect smell , has short time memory problems and is often too scared to leave the house . but now new boyfriend brett ritchie , 40 , of south stanley , is helping her through her nightmare . ' brett is different , he is patient , caring and would go to the end of the world and back for me . ' i genuinely feel i am with someone for the right reasons . ' dad-of-six brett said : ' she has got a lot of trust to gain back and that takes time , but i 'm willing to wait because i love her . ' 