arsenal 's olivier giroud and arsene wenger have been named as the barclays premier league player and manager of the month for march - with the france striker thwarting harry kane 's bid for a third award in a row . giroud netted five times in arsenal 's four consecutive league wins last month as wenger 's side took all 12 points on offer . the gunners are now a point behind second-placed manchester city with eight games remaining . olivier giroud ( left ) and arsene wenger are the premier league player and manager of the month . striker giroud scored five goals in four games for arsenal in march to earn the award . wenger inspired arsenal to four victories from four games in the premier league . arsenal sit third in the premier league following their impressive march , seven points behind chelsea . march 1 arsenal 2-0 everton ( 1 giroud goal ) . march 4 qpr 1-2 arsenal ( 1 ) . march 14 arsenal 3-0 west ham ( 1 ) . march 21 newcastle united 1-2 arsenal ( 2 ) . giroud 's impressive form stopped tottenham striker kane from becoming the first player to take three consecutive player of the month gongs . ' i 'm really pleased with it , ' giroud told arsenal 's official website . ' i would like to thank my team-mates and of course the fans , because it 's a collective sport and i could n't do it on my own . ' it 's a great honour to have been selected as player of the month , especially because we wanted to bounce back from the champions league disappointment . ' that 's what we 've done and we 've come back really strongly . we all want to finish strongly and this award will give me more confidence for the following games . ' kane also fired five goals in four appearances for mauricio pochettino 's side in march , including his first ever premier league hat-trick when spurs beat leicester city 4-3 at white hart lane . but it was giroud who took the honours after finding the back of the net in all of arsenal 's league encounters . he opened proceedings in arsenal 's 2-0 home win over everton and got another in the 2-1 victory against london rivals queens park rangers . harry kane also scored five times for tottenham in march but missed out on player of the month . kane ( second right ) holds the ball after his first premier league hat-trick for tottenham against sunderland . kane ( centre ) scored both goals as tottenham beat queens park rangers 2-1 at loftus road . his impressive form continued when he got the first goal in the 3-0 home victory over west ham before spearheading arsenal 's attack once again with both goals in the 2-1 win at newcastle . arsenal host liverpool in the early premier league game on saturday knowing another victory would move them nine points ahead of brendan rodgers ' side and above city , who play crystal palace on monday .  