isabelle obert , a nutrition consultant , believes a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet . one in seven couples have trouble conceiving - and it 's often not clear why . but one nutritionist argues that a good diet can affect the health of the sperm and the egg before they even meet . isabelle obert , who runs nurture me fertility , believes a diet rich in minerals , vitamins , essential fats and proteins can prepare both a man and a woman 's body for conception . writing for healthista.com , ms obert said : ' i believe passionately that good nutrition is important for ' good ' fertility . ' many of us are leaving it until much later to start trying for a family , by which time our fertility may not be what it was . ' we will have been exposed to more hormone disrupting chemicals , more free radicals to damage egg and sperm quality and of course much more stress - which can have wide-ranging negative effects on our bodies . ' she goes on to explain how the health of both the sperm and the egg - even before they meet - can affect the outcome of the pregnancy and the health of the baby , child and even through to adulthood . ms obert adds : ' i also think food should be fun , delicious , moreish , colourful , fantastic . we should live to eat , not eat to live . ' here , she reveals her list of ten top foods to boost fertility , plus some tips on how to prepare them ... avocados . avocados are nutritional powerhouses packed with minerals , vitamins , essential fats , protein , carbohydrate and fibre . they are a fantastic source of vitamin e , which studies have shown can be beneficial in improving endometrial lining ( the lining of the uterus ) . they can also help with embryo implantation , which is how a fertilised egg becomes a pregnancy . avocados are also an excellent source of folate . it is known that consuming foods high in folate - as well as taking a folic acid supplement - can help prevent spina bifida . ' avocados are nutritional powerhouses packed with minerals , vitamins , essential fats , protein , carbohydrate and fibre , ' ms obert said . top tip : choose carefully as a ripe avocado is nectar — sliced onto wholemeal or rye toast , topped with cherry tomatoes , basil and a drizzle of peppery extra virgin olive oil makes a nutritious and delicious breakfast . butternut squash . this is one of the most nutritious and healthy vegetables you can eat , with a rich array of vitamins , minerals and antioxidants - as well as significant amounts of digestible fibre . it 's rich in beta-carotene , which is known to help boost production of the hormone progesterone . it can also help increase both sperm quality and count , the latter according to a study published in the medical journal fertility and sterility . ms obert recommends beetroot juice for women undergoing ivf treatment as a way to improve blood flow to the uterus to help with embryo implantation . top tip : butternut squash is hugely versatile -it’s delicious roasted with garlic , thyme and black pepper , or spice it up in a warming curry or soup . beetroot . a fantastic source of the antioxidant resveratrol , which is thought to help combat against age- related infertility , beetroots are also rich in nitrates . these are well known to improve blood flow and are often used by athletes for this purpose . i particularly recommend beetroot juice for women undergoing ivf treatment as a way to improve blood flow to the uterus to help with embryo implantation . top tip : forget pickled beetroots from school lunch days — try quartering small fresh beetroot , tossing with olive oil , balsamic vinegar and whole garlic cloves . add some fresh oregano , thyme or marjoram , place in a tinfoil pouch to avoid burning and roast in a hot oven . salmon . salmon is a great protein source , rich in many nutrients but particularly anti-inflammatory omega 3 . research has shown that optimal levels of omega 3 are important in the management of female infertility . for general health , salmon is excellent for the cardiovascular system , boosting brain function and eye health . ideally it should be wild or organic in order to avoid unnecessary pesticides , fungicides and excessive omega 6 consumption found in conventionally farmed fish . top tip : salmon works beautifully with oriental flavours - try it grilled with a teriyaki glaze and a crunchy vegetable stir-fry . butternut squash is rich in beta-carotene , which is known to help boost production of the hormone progesterone and increase sperm quality and count . pomegranates . in ancient persia , pomegranates were seen as a symbol of fertility and this still exists today in some countries . in fact , research shows that drinking pomegranate juice during pregnancy may prevent brain damage in babies . pomegranates are also rich in many nutrients , including vitamin c , vitamin k , folic acid and several other vitamins and minerals . and they are known to have anti-ageing properties , anti-cancer properties , can be helpful for cardiovascular health and bone health and have anti-inflammatory properties as well as helping boost blood flow . top tip : incorporate pomegranate seeds with quinoa , walnuts and fresh mint for a middle eastern experience . pomegranats are rich in vitamin c , vitamin k and folic acid . they also boost blood flow , which is important for people trying to conceive . eggs . eggs are among the most nutritious foods you can eat — after all , they contain the nutrients to turn a single cell into a baby chicken . they are rich in choline , which studies have shown can have significant positive effects on foetal development that may have a lasting influence into adult life , according to a study at cornell university . eggs are also rich in many different vitamins and minerals , as well as essential fats , and of course are an excellent source of protein . not only this , they are good value and have a multitude of uses . walnuts are beneficial for sperm quality as they are good sources of omega 3 and vitamin e . top tip : when time and inclination are in short supply , why not top a wholemeal english muffin with wilted spinach , a poached egg and some black pepper for highly nutritious simple supper . walnuts . walnuts are packed with health-giving nutrients which include cancer fighting properties ( they’re known to reduce prostate and breast cancer risk ) . they can be beneficial for sperm quality , are excellent sources of omega 3 fats and vitamin e , which is great for endometrial health , as well as b vitamins and protein . in fact , walnuts could be called ‘king’ among nuts and , according to a study by the society for the study of reproduction at ucla , a handful of walnuts daily was linked with increased sperm vitality , motility and morphology . this means how healthy and fast sperm are , and whether they are normal-shaped . top tip : eat raw as a simple snack or add flavour and crunch to boost a superfood salad . quinoa . this little seed is highly nutritious , a complete protein . it’s gluten-free and rich in many minerals and vitamins as well fatty acids and fibre – a great alternative to starchy grains such as couscous and bulgar wheat . a real superfood . the mediterranean diet is widely recommended for optimal fertility , as it is rich in vegetable proteins , and quinoa makes the perfect addition as it goes without saying protein requirements are raised when trying to conceive and during pregnancy . top tip : quinoa cooks like rice , top with vegetables roasted with plenty of garlic and herbs , drizzle with fruity olive oil and sprinkle with toasted pine nuts for a mediterranean treat . protein requirements are raised during pregnancy , and quinoa is a great source of protein , ms obert said . watercress . watercress is a member of the cruciferous vegetable family and rich in many nutrients including vitamin c , vitamin k , calcium , beta-carotene , iron and iodine — which is often lacking in the western diets of today . asparagus is high in folic acid , which is well-known to be important for male and female fertility . watercress is well known to be a superfood , rich in age-defying antioxidants that may help to prevent or slow the oxidative stress induced by free radical damage . several studies have found watercress has significant anti-cancer properties and can help repair dna damage . top tip : what a crime to use just as a garnish — make it the main attraction in soups and salads . asparagus . asparagus is high in the potent antioxidant vitamin c and folate ( folic acid ) amongst other health giving nutrients and a valuable addition to your diet . the importance of folate is well documented in research for both male and female fertility . top tip : lightly steam asparagus and dip into boiled eggs , or grill and sprinkle with balsamic vinegar and shavings of parmesan .   