office workers were shocked to discover a couple having sex in a park in full view of their tower block on the hottest day of the year . the couple appeared not to mind being in full view during their steamy encounter at the three bridges playing fields in crawley , west sussex , as temperatures reached 25c in some parts of the uk . workers at an office block which overlooks the park said the pair , who were semi-naked , did not even appear to be put off when people walked past them during their sex session at 3.30pm yesterday . scroll down for video . the couple appeared not to mind being in full view as the enjoyed the steamy encounter in broad daylight at the three bridges playing fields in crawley , west sussex , as temperatures reached 25c in some parts of the uk . photographs and videos of the unusual incident were quickly posted online and shared thousands of time . in one video , taken by shocked office workers , one man can be heard asking ‘ why would you do that ? ’ before describing it as ‘ well funny . ’ a woman exclaims ‘ oh my god’ and ‘ oh my dear lord’ as other employees point out the illicit encounter before she says she wants to get an air horn to disrupt the couple . a man responds : ‘ we should start clapping’ before the woman quips : ‘ i don’t think they’d hear us , open the windows and shout maybe . ’ another claims to his colleagues that it’s the second time the pair got down to business , branding it ‘ round two’ . the minute-long video finishes with one woman exclaiming : ‘ corr he’s classy ! ’ . one officer worker who also witnessed the encounter but wished to remain anonymous took to facebook to share news of the incident . she said : ' i unfortunately witnessed the incident from my office window . ' a couple walked past and instead of stopping or trying to cover up what they were doing in the slightest , the bloke just pulled his jeans up over his bum a little bit and carried on . ' another , emma thrift , said : ' it would n't be the first time we 've witnessed this sort of thing from the office . ' it came on the hottest day of the year so far and the warmest april ever on record with temperatures reaching 25.1c at st james 's park in london and at frittenden in kent . the met office said the mercury also hit 24.7c in wisley , surrey and 24.6c in both norfolk and gravesend , kent . forecasters said that while temperatures would drop today , some areas such as the south west could still see the mercury hit 22c . pictured : the sun rises near latrigg , overlooking keswick in the lake district early today . northern parts of england , where temperatures hovered around just 10c yesterday , will see slightly improved temperatures of up to 12c today . pictured : sheep graze near latrigg , overlooking keswick in the lake district . at its peak yesterday , parts of london and the south east were hotter than athens , rome , nice and ibiza . sun worshippers enjoyed the unseasonably warm weather , flocking to beaches in brighton , bournemouth and devon , while scores soaked up the rays in london 's parks . however , despite the unseasonably warm weather of late , forecasters predict ' a real reversal of fortunes ' today thanks to a drop in temperatures as a cold front moves down from the north of the country . many parts of the country , especially the midlands , are set to see the mercury drop by about 10c as the colder air sweeps down the country . the mercury will fall from the mid-20s yesterday to 12c today . however , while most areas will be cooler than the last couple of days , temperatures will still reach up to 22c in the parts of the south west such as devon and cornwall and up to 19c in london . northern parts of england , where temperatures hovered around just 10c yesterday , will see slightly improved temperatures , with up to 12c forecast today . it is not the first time a couple have been caught having sex in full view of others . earlier this year , a 50-year-old regional manager and 26-year-old office worker enjoyed a steamy encounter after staying late at work at an insurance firm in christchurch , new zealand . they undressed and had sex in front of the large office windows , quickly drawing attention from those across the street . video footage and photographs of the encounter caused an online phenomenon that was watched by millions worldwide .