a 19-year-old woman is wanted by police after video appeared online this week , showing the teenager hitting and running over a rival with her car in a ruthless street fight . grand rapids , michigan police have an arrest warrant out for suspect jalin smith-walker in connection to the monday evening fight , but as of thursday morning authorities say they are still attempting to locate the young woman . and this is n't the first time that smith-walker has been accused of wreaking havoc with her car . in december , she was arrested for dragging a mall security guard several feet when he tried to stop her on suspicion of shoplifting . scroll down for video . shocking : grand rapids , michigan woman jalin smith-walker is wanted by police after video ( left ) emerged this week , showing her run over a rival in a street fight . the 19-year-old pictured on the right in a mugshot from a prior arrest . monday evening 's incident was captured on video by a bystander who uploaded the shocking clip to the website world star hip hop . it shows smith-walker and the victim , an unidentified fellow 19-year-old , throwing up fists in the middle of a street in muskegon , michigan - coaxed on by a small crowd surrounding them . the fight starts off with a few punches , and moves to the two girls brawling on a car . when friends try to intervene , others tell them to give the girls space so they can continue fighting it out . punches thrown : a bystander recorded this video of the fight between smith-walker ( right ) and an unidentified 19-year-old opponent that happened in a street of muskegon , michigan monday evening . breaking it up : the fight starts off with a few thrown punches . eventually the two girls break up and smith-walker is seen getting into a nearby car ( right ) . unfair fight : that 's when her rival grabs what looks to be a log and throws it at smith-walker 's windshield . painful : in a heartless response , smith-walker pulls her vehicle forward and plows over her opponent lying in the street . horrified : the crowd that had gathered to watch the fight shriek in horror as they witness the painful incident . lucky : warrant out for her arrest : the clip ends with smith-walker speeding off , leaving her opponent behind in utter shock . the victim was treated for a leg injury at the hospital and has since been released . eventually the two part , and smith-walker is seen getting in her gray car across the street . that 's when her victim grabs what looks to be a log and throws it on smith-walker 's windshield as she is backing out of her parking spot . bystanders emit loud shrieks as smith-walker is then seen speeding forward with her car , knocking the victim onto the asphalt and running her over before speeding down the street . the clips ends with the victim in dumbstruck horror , helpless on the street as bystanders rush to her aid . repeat offender ? this is n't the first time smith-walker has had a run-in with the law regarding her car . in december she was arrested for dragging a mall security officer several feet when he tried to stop her and a friend on suspicion of shoplifting from the denim store buckle . smith-walker pictured above in photos posted to her facebook . the unidentified victim was treated for a leg injury at the hospital and has since been released to recover at home . following the incident , grand rapids police issued an arrest warrant for smith-walker on a charge of intent to do bodily harm less than murder . as of thursday morning , grand rapids sgt terry dixon told daily mail online they are still attempting to locate the suspect . police are n't sure what sparked the fight , but say it appears the two girls involved used to be friends . ' it ultimately ended with blows being thrown , ' sgt dixon told mlive . ' it 's very unfortunate . ' this is apparently the second arrest for smith-walker in recent months for a crime involving her car . wanted : in this series of photos posted to her facebook , smith-walker poses in front of a car that looks similar to the vehicle captured in this week 's horrifying video . police have a warrant out for her arrest on a charge of intent to do bodily harm less than murder . mlive reports that on december 30 , smith-walker dragged a lakes mall security guard several feet after he tried to stop her and a friend on suspicion of shoplifting . smith-walker and alleged co-conspirator minnie andrea johnson , 20 , were leaving the mall after shopping at buckle denim store when a security guard tried to stop the two in the parking lot as they were getting into their car . smith-walker was driving and johnson was in the driver 's side back seat . authorities say johnson shut her door on the guard 's left arm as he tried to reach inside the vehicle and smith-walker started driving as he was still connected to the car . the guard eventually freed his arm and the young women were arrested not far away from the shopping center . they were charged with unarmed robbery . the guard in that incident sustained minor injuries but did not need to be treated at the hospital .