a massachusetts boy who received more than 150,000 letters and packages after requesting ' a box of cards ' for his sixth birthday has died after his battle with a rare brain tumor . danny nickerson , six , who loved to receive mail , was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in october 2013 . last july , his birthday request for cards with his name on them went viral . he received mail from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined , according to fox news . on friday night , his mother carley nickerson shared on a facebook page , danny 's warriors , that her ' precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' after a ' courageous 18 month battle ' . danny nickerson ( left ) , 6 , of massachusetts died of an inoperable brain tumor after a ' courageous 18-month battle ' . last july , his request for a ' box of cards ' for his sixth birthday went viral and he received more than 150,000 cards from around the world ( above nickerson last summer with the mail he received ) . ' our lord came and carried his body to heaven , ' she wrote on april 24 . ' his body was so tired of fighting . ' he is now cancer free and running and playing and laughing with god and all of the other precious children . ' prayers are needed for all of us right now . please surround us in your prayers . ' on friday night , his mother , carley nickerson ( pictured above with him ) , wrote that her ' precious sweet boy earned his angel wings ' . nickerson was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glimoma ( dipg ) in october 2013 and fought through 33 radiation treatments . according to abc news , doctors said that less than ten per cent of children with the disease , called diffuse intrinsic pontine glimoma , live longer than 18 months . nickerson was first diagnosed with the dipg after he complained about having double vision . over the course of four days , he saw multiple doctors before finally getting an mri . ' after the mri , we were taken into a small room and given the worst news we have ever heard , ' mrs nickerson said when she learned of his diagnosis . ' our lives fell apart , my heart felt like it exploded . there were no words to explain the pain that instantly hit my chest . ' for his sixth birthday last july , he requested a ' box of cards ' and received an overwhelming number in the mail after his mother asked people on facebook to send her son a birthday card . on a facebook page , danny 's warriors , mrs nickerson wrote of her son 's passing : ' he is now cancer free and running and playing and laughing with god and all of the other precious children ' . after mrs nickerson took to facebook asking people to send her son a birthday card , they were ' shocked and overwhelmed ' by the amount of mail they received . to get all of the the mail to his home , it took four trucks and a u-haul . he received cards from around the world and got more mail in one day than the rest of the town combined . when his family received all of the cards , mrs nickerson said they were ' shocked and speechless ' , and that the cards included ' a picture of a fat cat on it and another with a cat blowing out candles ' which made her son laugh . to get the mail to his foxboro home , it took four trucks and a u-haul , according to myfoxboston.com . last summer , nickerson was also met by police officers from around the state and members of the new england patriots at gillette stadium to celebrate his sixth birthday , according to cbs boston . on a you caring page for nickerson , his mother wrote that he has fought through 33 radiation treatments and two clinical trials which consisted of chemotherapy . the page also said nickerson enjoyed playing with his brother , matthew , and enjoyed anything that made him laugh . a mass will be held on wednesday to celebrate his life at st. mary 's church in wrentham on wednesday at 11am .