a family falsely claimed their three-year-old daughter had a grave heart condition in a bid to collect thousands of dollars in donations on a gofundme page , according to police . joanessa clawson , 35 , her husband james clawson , 38 , and her mother patti ann baldassarre , 68 , from marietta , georgia , all face felony conspiracy charges . the gofundme page , which has now been removed , is written from the point of view of a family friend - who allegedly does not exist - appealing for help for the clawson family . ' i am posting this for my friend jo clawson whose 3-year-old daughter , sofia , is very ill with a life threatening heart infection , ' it reads , according to an image of the page shared by kesq . scroll down for video . arrested : joanessa clawson , left , and her husband james clawson , right , face felony conspiracy charges after they allegedly set up a fake gofundme account asking for donations . ' fake ' : they pretended to be a friend asking for money for their daughter , claiming that the girl was in hospital with a heart infection after surgery . they asked for $ 3,000 on the gofundme page . ' this happened 2 weeks after sofia underwent heart surgery to repair a defect that she was born with . this fellow east cobb family runs their own home-based business . ' when shared by kesq , the page , entitled ' sofia 's medical and family expenses ' , had raised just $ 195 but was asking for $ 3,000 . it is not clear how much money the page eventually raised . the couple has two children , the daughter and an older son , according to their facebook pages . friends told the channel that they had their suspicions about the fundraiser because their stories did not seem to add up - and the couple has been accused of running scams in the past . in 2006 , they were accused by dozens of couples of accepting payments to take wedding photos in cabazon , california but never delivering the images . scam : clawson 's mother patti ann baldassarre posed as a nurse to back up the couple 's story . speaking to kesq , neighbors said they tried to alert police to the fake page months ago . ' there were tons of red flags and there were tons of people in the community who reached out just for the sake of her kids , ' sandra may said . ' and nothing was done . ' when they voiced their suspicions , mrs clawson allegedly produced a note from a doctor providing the donors a number for a nurse if they had any concerns . but the number on the letter allegedly led to baldassarre 's phone , and the doctor named in the letter had retired years earlier , according to kesq . after a teacher leaned of the page , she asked cobb county school police to check in on the three-year-old daughter and discovered that the child was in fact healthy . the trio was arrested on felony conspiracy charges . mrs clawson is also charged with felony theft by deception , while her husband faces an additional charge of misdemeanor obstruction of a law enforcement officer . he posted $ 5,000 bail but his wife remains behind bars on $ 10,000 bond and her mother is held on $ 2,500 bond . in 2006 , more than 20 couples said they never received wedding photos despite paying the couple . arrested : mrs clawson , pictured left and right with her older child , was arrested after a teacher asked police to check on the wellbeing of the three-year-old daughter and found she was fine , according to reports . home : the couple moved to marietta , georgia ( pictured ) after allegedly running a wedding photography business in california - but they allegedly failed to give their clients photos after they were paid . they also accused them of stealing other photographers ' work and claiming it was their own in order to promote their business . ' hired joanessa clawson for july 2006 wedding in los angeles . takes great photos but no where to be found once the wedding is over , ' one enraged client wrote online in 2006 . ' once they get your check joanessa and her husband , james , will make every excuse in the book on why you have n't received your photos ! ! ( i.e . joanessa has health problems from a stroke to the flu to a heart attack , fedex is to blame , they have other weddings to tend to etc ) . ' she may be more affordable than other photographers but in the end , you definitely get what you pay for , nothing . ' kesq reported that some of the clients took the clawsons to court and won financial judgments . see below for video .