an artist with a penchant for snapping urban architecture has come up with an innovative new way of making the most of his photography . french photographer and illustrator , thomas lamadieu , takes snaps of the sky in courtyards and built-up areas to create a frame of buildings . the space in between then acts as a canvas for his playful illustrations which he has dubbed ' sky art ' . on his website thomas says that his artistic aim is to ' show a different perception of urban architecture and the everyday environment around us , what we can construct with a boundless imagination ' . before and after : lamadieu 's original shot ( left ) and after it is transformed into ' sky art ' ( right ) . lamadieu , who is also known as roots art , is based in france but travels the world to photograph the space between buildings in various cities . in the past year alone he has visited belgium , germany , canada , the united states and south korea in his quest to find the perfect sky canvases for his illustrations . since he began creating sky art in 2011 , lamadieu has made a name for himself among critics , art lovers and journalists all around the world . speaking to the independent , lamadieu said : ' the sky drawings series really started with as a way of playing with my imagination to show how these seemingly empty spaces in the urban environment could be reinterpreted in different and creative ways . ' ' the bearded man in my images stands for the sky itself , the big man in the sky , but it’s not meant to be religious in any way ' . surreal : three characters draw their own illustrations in an inverted sky shot . upside down : a bearded figure rides a cat in between the buildings . peace out : an illustration of a man playing an electric guitar fills the sky space in this photograph . cheshire cat : a drawing of a couple embracing behind a grinning cat fills the gap where the sky would have originally been . using a fish-eye lens camera to capture the perfect vertical shot , thomas lamadieu then illustrates the graphic shape created between buildings using microsoft paint . these abstract canvases depict a collection of humorous characters and surreal scenes . one inverted upshot depicts three bearded men drawing a picture of the night sky ; meanwhile another shows a woman with hair not dissimilar to that of marge simpson reclining between two buildings . self portrait ? a man spray painting clouds on a canvas fills the skyscape in this photograph taken in a courtyard . twit twoo : a black and white illustration of an owl looks down upon this oval shaped void . thumbs up : an image of a man holding a polaroid of a smiling cloud is superimposed onto a shot of town houses . a signature lamadieu figure appears to be a bearded man in a breton striped top who features in various guises throughout the ' sky art ' images . in one picture he appears as a giant rock star wielding an electric guitar , and in another he has a camera around his neck whilst presenting a polaroid of a cloud . as well as surrealism , optical illusion is also a key theme in lamadieu 's work - these confusing images combining photography with clever illustration are certainly hard to get your head around . jack in the box : an illustration of a masked man holding a jack in the box toy overlooks this snap between two brick buildings and a washing line . optical illusion : this sky shot has been transformed into a clever optical illusion thanks to lamadieu 's illustration . one image that plays a trick on the eye is a vertical sky photograph combined with a horizontal illustration of a game of cat and mouse to mind-boggling affect . similarly , an image of a bearded man in a striped top holding some cloud shaped balloons creates a trompe l'oeil that the facade of the building is a pavement with illustrated figures superimposed on it . meanwhile , the sky becomes the sea in another illustrated image of a man on a boat surrounded by circling sharks . trompe l'oeil : it 's difficult to tell which way is up thanks to this clever and confusing illustration . sea-ing double : the distorted angle of this photo combined with sea illustration make it a mind-bending photo to look at . for more information visit the artist 's website .