two ukip council candidates have been taken to school by a teacher who covered their sloppy election leaflet in corrections - but they claim it is a dirty tricks campaign . suzy howlett , 54 , who specialises in teaching foreign-born children english , has embarrassed husband and wife team derek tanswell and sharon snook over their spelling , punctuation and grammar . in one section mr tanswell and ms snook promise that ukip will ' take back control of our boarders ' - so the teacher wrote in red : ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house ' . scroll down for video . back to school : a teacher has taken her red pen to an error-strewn ukip leaflet that landed on her doormat . back to basics : the teacher picked up on the use of boarders and wrote : ' i think you mean borders , not residents of a school or guest house ' . in their leaflet the councillors also tell prospective voters : ' if you vote ukip your get ukip ' - so the marker wrote : ' you 'll ? ' . one handwritten note about the leaflet 's opening paragraph says : ' this ' sentence ' is long and obscure . it needs some punctuation if it is to make sense ' . the ukip candidates , from frome , somerset , defected to nigel farage 's party two weeks ago and hope to be re-elected in may , having left the lib dems to improve their chances . expert : suzy howlett , 54 , who specialises in teaching foreign-born children english , took her red pen to the leaflet and sent it to her children . mr tanswell today said his former party have ' hacked ' his emails for information to create a slapdash leaflet to scupper their election hopes , and has called in police . however , a party source has suggested the leaflet is genuine . he said : ' they had to rewrite everything and it looks like they did n't have time to spell check it . ' mrs howlett , a specialist teacher with 32 years ' experience , told mailonline she enjoyed a ' happy two minutes ' correcting their work . using a red pen she highlighted the incorrect use of words , lack of apostrophes , flabby language , poor spellings and use of americanisms . their error-strewn ukip leaflet has been shared thousands of times online . mrs howlett said : ' i marked it during a happy two minutes last night . i had heard about the leaflet from friends and my husband brought home a copy and straight away i told him i was eager to take a red pen to it . ' the part about borders - or boarders - really made me laugh . i took a picture of my work and my children , lucy and george , were very amused by it . they posted it to their friends , and it took off . ' i teach children who speak english as an additional language and advise other teachers about how to help them . there is no shame in having difficulties with spelling , punctuation and grammar . some of my nearest and dearest have a few issues at times , and i am certainly not poking fun at dyslexia . ' but what i am saying is that there is a problem when people do n't recognise their own shortcomings . ' i have not met the candidates , but the leaflet suggests that if you ca n't check something like this properly , how can you run something properly if you were to be elected . ' i am most certainly not going to vote ukip , absolutely not , but i will not say who i will be voting for . ' i wo n't discuss ( ukip ) policies , i will just say that the children i work with are a delight , and some of them could teach mr tanswell a thing or two about apostrophes ' . election campaign : derek tanswell and sharon snook , left and right , defected to nigel farage 's party two weeks ago and hope to be re-elected in may . hint : this bullet point lacks the necessary apostrophe in one of more than 20 corrections . lost in translation : a key section to persuade voters to back them next month also backfired . changes : mrs hewlett suggested in her red notes ' try not to keep using apostrophes for plurals ' . a picture of the annotated leaflet has spread across the internet after it was posted on reddit by a user who said a mother of a friend had marked it after finding it on her doormat . the leaflet also boasted about snook and tanswell 's campaigning which led to the creation of ten free parking spaces at the local cattle market car park . mr. tanswell says the liberal democrats have put out the leaflet to ' stitch him up ' . he said ' they have been hacking into my emails , the liberal democrats . they 've hacked it all and i have the police looking at it now . ' it 's the liberal democrats who are doing it all . they 've hacked into my emails , they 've basically got hold my stuff , they are producing it , they are sending it out , they are doing everything they can . ' i 'm receiving about 20 , 30 phone calls before 12 o'clock today threatening to kill me . the police are on to all of that ' . mr. tanswell , 48 , who runs a plumbing and heating company , added : ' i used to be a liberal democrat councillor . ' about a month ago , i left the liberal democrats to go ukip and obviously a lot of them do n't like it , so they are producing stuff like [ the flyer ] and putting it out and putting my name to it . ' i spoke to the police this morning . they are worried about it because people are making threats to kill me and stuff . supportive : mrs howlett says she was not poking fun , adding : ' there is no shame in having difficulties with spelling , punctuation and grammar ' . ' they believe the propaganda from the national parties , like the liberal party are saying that ukip are racist . that 's not true . they do n't like it . ' i was a liberal democrat councillor and i 've gone to ukip - they do n't like that . these people are very vindictive . ' i do n't know who the death threats are coming from but the police are investigating it now . ' the liberal democrats have put all that s*** out about me . they 've stuck a load of stuff on my facebook , they hacked into that . ' a liberal democrat spokesman said this afternoon : ‘ the idea that the liberal democrats had anything to do with cllr tanswell’s absurd allegations is categorically untrue . ' liberal democrats take the accusation that the party was involved in illegal activity such as the hacking of emails seriously , and the local party is exploring its options . ’ mrs howlett asked mailonline to include a link to the charity against malaria , recommended by the charity effective altruism , which her son george , 24 , volunteers for . 