a tiny garden gnome that appeared on the cover of the beatles ' sgt pepper 's album and was signed by all four band member has sold for £29,000 . the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album . in total more than 60 celebrities appear on the famous cover including the fab four themselves - but because it would have been impossible to get all of them in a room together , waxworks and cardboard cutouts were used instead . the cardboard gnome featured alongside a host of celebrities and historic figures including actress diana dors , singer bob dylan and actor marlon brando on the psychedelic cover of the ground-breaking 1967 album . the knee-high little gnome , circled , appeared next to george harrison 's left leg on the famous album cover . other well-known figures include writer edgar allen poe , dancer fred astaire , comedians laurel and hardy and boxer sonny liston , poet dylan thomas and philosopher karl marx . the album cover was the brainchild of artists peter blake and jann haworth and photographer michael cooper , who constructed and shot it it on march 30 , 1967 . john lennon had wanted models of jesus and adolf hitler to be included but his requests were denied . the album cover ended up being so extravagant that the final cost of producing the artwork was £3,000 - a whopping £50,000 in today 's money . following the shoot mr cooper 's photography assistant was given the 20-inch tall cardboard gnome as a souvenir by the beatles , who each signed it . the front and back of the gnome were then mounted alongside an unopened copy of the sgt pepper 's vinyl lp . the cardboard gnome actually came in two parts and was pinned together for the cover . gifted to a photography assistant it was signed by all for members of the band following the shoot . it emerged for sale almost 50 years after the album was released after it was listed for auction by a private collector . experts at heritage auctions in dallas , texas , had given the gnome a pre-sale estimate of $ 25,000 - around £17,000 - but it ended up going to an unnamed buyer for $ 42,500 - or £29,000 . dean harmeyer , from heritage auctions , said : ' this is a true rarity and a cornerstone piece of any beatles collection . the album cover ended up being so extravagant that it cost £3,000 , equivalent to £50,000 in today 's money . peter blake ( pictured ) and jann haworth designed the iconic cover using an ink drawing by paul mccartney as inspiration . paul mccartney had the initial idea for the iconic cover and outlined the cover in an ink drawing . the actual designing of the cover was done by artists peter blake and jann haworth . the cover’s collage of famous faces includes 57 cardboard cut-out photographs ( including two gnomes ) and nine waxworks . they show a range of personalities from different walks of life including actors , sportsmen and scientists . the album also reflects the personal and artistic changes within the band at the time sgt pepper 's was made . the influence of george harrison’s exploration of indian music and philosophy through the inclusion of self-realisation gurus . the fab four themselves appear in day-glow , mock military uniforms . paul mccartney envisioned the sgt peppers band as alter egos the beatles could use to distance themselves from their previous incarnations . john lennon requested the inclusion of hitler and jesus in the artwork but he was turned down . elvis did not appear on the album cover because it was felt he was too big an icon to be included . ' designer peter blake worked with the beatles to stage the cover of sgt . pepper 's , which was filled with life-size cardboard likenesses of famous figures - mae west , bob dylan , marlon brando - behind the beatles . ' among the smaller items in the foreground was this garden gnome , which appears just to the right of george 's leg . ' at the end of the cover session on march 30 , 1967 , the gnome was chosen as a memento by an assistant to cover photographer michael cooper , and it was signed by the beatles immediately following the shoot . ' it is an incredible beatles artefact . ' 