manny pacquiao took time out of his busy schedule to hang out with saved by the bell actor mario lopez , otherwise known as ac slater , and nba superstar jeremy lin . pacquiao said of meeting los angeles lakers guard lin : ' thank you @ jlin7 for coming to show your support . thank for showing your love for the lord and being a good example . ' the filipino appears to be in fine fettle ahead of his highly-anticipated showdown against floyd mayweather with pacquiao taking to social media to show off his ripped physique . manny pacquiao poses for a picture with nba superstar jeremy lin and saved by the bell actor mario lopez . pacquiao took to instagram to show off his ripped torso ahead of his fight against floyd mayweather . welterweight boxer pacquiao is all smiles after meeting up with los angeles lakers star lin . the 36-year-old posted an instagram snap of himself tensing his upper torso while posing in a boxing ring . pacquiao said on twitter : ' only 18 more days until the blessed event . see you in las vegas ! # teampacquiao # maypac . ' mayweather 's upcoming opponent has been stepping up his training programme in la with the welterweight boxer recently pictured jogging around griffith park . pacquiao trains inside the ring as he steps up his training programme ahead of the las vegas bout on may 2 . pacquiao poses up , surrounded by boxes full of butterfinger cups - an american biscuit brand . meanwhile , mayweather has admitted he has fallen out of love with boxing and will have just one more fight after his bout with pacquiao . mayweather , speaking to sportsmail 's jeff powell during a media workout at his gym , said : ' i 'm pretty much done with all this . ' it 's not fun like it was back then . it 's business now . i do n't really enjoy it any longer . ' mayweather works out with his trainers as the media swarm around the ring to get a glimpse of the superstar . mayweather hits a speed bag as he works out in front of a poster of pacquiao with his eyes and mouth taped . 