teenage aldi worker christian trousedale became an internet hit after a picture of him carrying a 95-year-old pensioner 's shopping home went viral . a teenage aldi worker says he is ' blown away ' by the public reaction after a picture of him carrying a 95-year-old pensioner 's shopping home went viral . christian trousedale , 18 , walked the elderly man to his front door , holding his hand as they made their way to his home in horwich , near bolton . his act of kindness was seen by samantha-jayne brady , who stopped them to take a picture which she then posted on facebook . the picture of mr trousedale and the pensioner has been ' liked ' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people . it 's attracted attention from all over the world , with more than 50,000 shares in dubai , australia , the united states and elsewhere . christian said he was ' blown away ' by the reaction to an act of kindness that was ' just something i would normally do ' . he added : ' the reaction has been completely crazy , my facebook is just overflowing with messages , i ca n't even start to read them all . ' one woman posted on my wall from america saying that she wished there were more people in her country like me , it has been really amazing . ' i went back into aldi this afternoon and a lady came up and hugged me and said she loved what i had done . ' christian had spotted the 96-year-old about to make the journey alone and on foot in strong winds so asked his superiors if he could offer some help . mr trousedale , a college student who works part-time as a stock assistant at the supermarket , told the bolton news that he did not consider his actions extraordinary , and that he had been brought up to respect his elders . he said : ' i asked my manager if it was ok to walk him home and he said that was the right thing to do , so i did . ' we had a good chat about everything from the general election to the history of horwich - he knew lots about everything . ' ' it is very strange because this is just something i would normally do , my parents have raised me to treat other people like you want to be treated yourself , ' he said . the picture of mr trousedale and the pensioner has been ' liked ' a quarter of a million times and shared by 70,000 people . onlooker miss brady , who works in a fish and chip shop near the supermarket , said she posted the picture because she was taken aback by christian 's ' selfless , thoughtful and caring gesture ' . she wrote : ' need to share this , whilst working earlier we watched this lovely lad walking this little old man home . ' he was n't very agile , nor fast but christian walked with him ever so patiently and slowly , chatted along with him and carried his bag for him . ' it was a lovely thing to witness and they seemed to be having a good chit-chat along their way . ' high 5 to aldi for letting him do this and high 5 to christian from aldi in horwich for his selfless , thoughtful & caring gesture ! ' i desperately want this lad to get some kind of recognition from his workplace so if this gave you a little more faith in mankind please share ! good people still exist . ' both mr trousedale , who works at the aldi ( pictured ) in horwich , near bolton , and miss brady 's facebook pages have been flooded with praise . miss brady said she wanted to share the image and story because she feels that not enough positive stories about young people are shared around . she added : ' there are so many negative stories about young people but the positive ones just are n't seen on a large scale . ' miss brady received a bottle of wine and a bunch of flowers from aldi as a thank you for spreading the 18-year-old 's good deed . both mr trousedale and miss brady 's facebook pages have been flooded with praise since the photograph was taken on friday . among the messages of support posted online was this one from jackie bleszinski , who wrote : ' how lovely , glad to see there are still good people around and refreshing to hear about it instead of usual doom and gloom . ' daphne stephens posted : ' oh so well done - bet your parents and relations are super proud of you , i know i would be . ' mr trouesdale 's mother , lynda , responded to the many positive comments about her son by stating : ' thank you everyone for your kind and beautiful words , they have touched me and my husband very much . ' it 's been rewarding and emotional reading people 's lovely comments . we as a family are very close and me and my husband are extremely proud of our sons and how they have turned out to be . ' 