mad men star jon hamm 's secret college bullying shame has been exposed by court documents unearthed from the actor 's time at the university of texas at austin . according to shocking arrest warrants and summons seen by star magazine , the 44-year-old golden globe winner allegedly set fire to one pledge after viciously beating him and using a claw hammer to drag him by his genitals during a hazing ritual gone wrong . the documents claim that hamm , 44 , was eventually charged with assault in connection with the sadistic november 1990 initiation , but he managed to get the charges dismissed before he began his ascent to superstardom . scroll down for video . college student : jon hamm is pictured here in the university of texas at austin yearbook for 1990 ( left ) - the same year he was allegedly involved in a hazing scandal at the sigma nu fraternity . the actor is pictured ( right ) this week . according to the explosive court documents , hamm was in his sophomore year at ut-austin when a prospective 21-year-old pledge was called to the sigma nu house at 2.30am . when he got there , according to travis county court documents , hamm - who was then aged 20 - and other frat brothers ominously told him , ' it 's going to be a long night ! ' the unidentified junior was then allegedly subjected to two hours of brutal physical attacks as part of his fiery baptism into the fraternity . the alleged victim told police that hamm and other members hit him with a paddle 30 times and then lifted the pledge off the floor by his underwear , ' pulling it back and forth in a sawing motion ' , causing ' great pain ' . the pledged then claimed that hamm led him to a basement ' pit ' where he slammed the junior 's face into the ground while he was doing push-ups and then allegedly stood on his spine with his full weight . shockingly , after this , hamm is then supposed to have set fire to the pledge 's pants and refused to let him pat the flames down , but instead made him blow them out . shame : the allegedly assault saw hamm and seven other frat brothers set fire to a 21-year-old pledge and beat him with a paddle . at the end of the vicious hazing ritual , the pledge was taken to a part of the frat house called the ' party room ' where hamm ' hooked the claw of a hammer underneath his genitals and led him by the hammer around the room ' . allegedly not content with this , hamm then went onto to break into another potential pledge 's room that night and subjected him to a similar torturous initiation . however , the morning after , the mother of the first pledge was called to his room to find him ' hiding in a closet at his apartment , his buttocks and legs black with brusises . ' despit pleading with his mother not to go public , saying ' they 'll come kill me ! ' , she reported the incident to the police . high school senior : these pictures of jon hamm are from 1989 , the year he graduated from john burroughs school in ladue , missouri and one year before his admission to university of texas at austin . early career : jon hamm is pictured here on the 1996 show the big date - one year after he had his arrest warrant dismissed and six years after the alleged hazing incident . huge hit : man men and the character of don draper has given jon hamm his biggest role to date - winning a golden globe for his work on the amc series . eight warrants were issued for hamm and seven other frat members , which was shut down for a time after the alleged incident . three members of sigma nu were sentenced to 30 days in prison for the hazing ritual and hamm was eventually hit with hazing and assault charges in 1991 . in the wake of the hazing incident , the sigma nu fraternity was shut down in 1990 after the pledge 's mother made her son 's alleged assault public by going to the police . in 1990 , the ap reported that sigma nu would close and that seven students were being punished after pledges were ' physically and psychologically attacked ' . the-then national president of sigma nu , james cherry , said that he was revoking the charter of its ut-austin , saying , ' basically , we 're out of business on this campus ' . ' but our fraternity was founded in opposition to hazing in 1869 and we will not tolerate any form of hazing today . ' a warrant was issued for hamm 's arrest in 1992 but the actor reached a plea deal with authorities in 1995 and the charges were dismissed . he returned home to live with his family in missouri and the actor - who recently emerged from a 30-day stint in a rehab facility - began his acting career . a friend told star that although shocking , ' the hazing incident was an isolated incident in jon 's life . since then , he 's been strong enough to take steps to make himself a better person . ' hazing incident : following the alleged assault of the 21-year-old pledge , the sigma nu fraternity at ut-austin ( pictured ) was shut down . recently , the mad men star has admitted that playing the complex role of don draper has taken its toll . in an interview he gave just weeks before he checked himself into rehab last month for 30 days , hamm opened up about the effect that playing madison avenue ad man don draper had on his psyche . the 44-year-old star told variety : ' playing this guy does not come without its own difficulties , it’s not fun to live in this guy’s headspace year after year . ' he added : ' people ask , `` what’s the difference between you and don ? '' look , i drink , i get drunk . i’m not immune to that , ' and ( creator ) matt ( weiner ) will tell you , the darkness in don has not abated , it’s gotten worse year after year . it’s relentless . and it can be hard on you as a person . i love coming to work ; i love the people i work with . but it’s been rough . ' as he reflected on being offered similar roles and being typecast as the dark , brooding , alcoholic womanizing character , jon revealed he wants to distance himself from that persona .