the justice department said tuesday it has opened a civil rights investigation into the death of freddie gray , a black man who suffered a fatal spinal-cord injury under mysterious circumstances after he was handcuffed and put in the back of a police van . baltimore police officials , meanwhile , released the names of six officers who were involved in the arrest and the van transport of the 25-year-old and who 've been suspended pending an investigation . but the developments were cold comfort to hundreds of residents who on tuesday evening took to the streets of west baltimore to protest the police force in gray 's name . taking to the streets : protestors again took to the streets of baltimore on tuesday to demonstrate against city police following the death of freddie gray , 25 . federal investigation : the protets erupted just as the justice department announced it had launched an investigation in the the 25-year-old 's mysterious death . vigil : rev . jamal bryant leads a rally outside of the baltimore police department 's western district police station during a march and vigil for freddie gray on tuesday . a woman reaches for a lighter as she and other protestors light candles spelling out the name of freddie gray during a vigil at the intersection of gray 's arrest . the protesters rallied site of gray 's arrest and then marched to a police department a couple of blocks away , chanting and holding signs that read : ' black lives matter ' and ' no justice , no peace ' - slogans that have come embody what demonstrators believe is widespread mistreatment of blacks by police . the crowd outside the western district police station on tuesday included 53-year-old pricilla jackson , carrying a sign reading , ' convict freddie 's killers . ' the sign lists the names of the six officers , who 've been suspended with pay . the suspended officers were identified as : freddie gray died sunday after he ' had his spine 80 percent severed at his neck ' during an arrest in baltimore last sunday . also on tuesday : city officials released the names of six cops who were involved in gray 's arrest . they 've all been suspended with pay as the investigation continues . protestors stand outside of the baltimore police department 's western district police station during a march and vigil for freddie gray . gloria darden , at center in hood , mother of freddie gray , leads a march with supporters to the site of gray 's arrest . rev . jamal bryant raises his hands as he speaks during a vigil and march for freddie gray . hundreds of protestors march to the baltimore police department 's western district police station . lt. brian rice , 41 , with the department since 1997 . sgt . alicia white , 30 , with the department since 2010 . officer caesar goodson , 45 , who has been there since 1999 . officers william porter and edward nero and garrett miller , who all joined in 2012 . police on horseback were helping to control the crowd and at least one person was detained - an activist who jumped past police barriers - as protesters filled a street the length of a city block . gray was taken into custody april 12 after police ' made eye contact ' with him and another man in an area known for drug activity and the two started running , baltimore police said . gray was handcuffed and put in a transport van . at some point during his roughly 30-minute ride , the van was stopped and gray 's legs were shackled when an officer felt he was becoming ' irate , ' police said . protestors raise their fists and candles in solidarity on the streets of west baltimore to protest the police force in gray 's name . children and adults alike gather to protest over the death of gray , 25 , who died from spinal injuries on april 19 , one week after being taken into police custody . rev . jamal bryant uses a megaphone as he speaks during a vigil and march for freddie gray . protesters link arms as they participate in a vigil for freddie gray down the street from the baltimore police department 's western district police station . a protester holds up a sign which read : ' black lives matter . justice 4 freddie ' . two people walk towards baltimore police department 's western district police station during the march while one holds a sign which says ' justice 4 freddie ' . police commissioner anthony batts said that gray asked for an inhaler , and then several times asked for medical care . he was eventually rushed by ambulance to a hospital . gray died sunday - a week after his arrest - of what deputy police commissioner jerry rodriguez described as ' a significant spinal injury . ' exactly how he was injured and what happened in the van is still not known . justice department spokeswoman dena iverson said investigators are ' gathering information to determine whether any prosecutable civil rights violation occurred . ' it 's not uncommon for federal investigators to look into allegations of excessive police force . justice department investigations in the last year include probes into the fatal shooting of an unarmed black 18-year-old in ferguson , missouri - a case that resulted in no charges against the officer - and an ongoing review of a police chokehold death of a new york city man . there 's a high threshold for bringing federal civil rights charges against police officers in such cases . federal investigators must show an officer willfully deprived a person of his or her civil rights by using more force than the law allows , a standard that 's challenging in rapidly unfolding confrontations in which snap judgments are made . three baltimore police department officers stand behind a barrier while protestors gather nearby . officers lined up to face the crowd while one protester held up a sign which read : ' black lives matter ' . hundreds of residents took to the streets outside the baltimore police department 's western district station during the march and vigil . police face the baying crowd who had joined together to protest for gray , 25 , who died from spinal injuries on april 19 , one week after being taken into police custody . baltimore mayor stephanie rawlings-blake ( right , with police commissioner anthony batts ) said that she is frustrated by the lack of answers given in the police report . in the baltimore case , six police officers have been suspended with pay while local authorities also look into the death . the officers have been on the force anywhere from three years to 18 years . according to court documents , officer garrett miller accused gray of carrying a switchblade , which was discovered in gray 's pocket after he was stopped . the lawyer for gray 's family said he believes the police had no reason to stop him . ' they 've made concessions on lack of probable cause , ' attorney billy murphy said . ' running while black is not probable cause . felony running does n't exist , and you ca n't arrest someone for looking you in the eye . ' kim deachilla , a spokeswoman for the baltimore fraternal order of police lodge 3 , said a law firm that contracts with the union is representing them . the officers ' specific roles in the arrest were not released by city officials . bystander video of the arrest shows officers on bicycles , in patrol cars and outside the transport van . batts said the reason for gray 's stop is ' a question we have to dig into . ' gray 's death has prompted daily protests and a vigil was planned tuesday evening at the spot where he was arrested . about 100 people had gathered around the start of the rally . video shows gray screaming out in pain as he is taken to the van . spectators thought he had broken legs though police said an autopsy showed he did not . in a video of the arrest , it appears the officers dragged gray to a police van while he screamed out in pain . gray died on sunday morning at the university of maryland shock trauma center from his spinal injuries . harold perry , 73 , a retired small businessman who is nearly blind , said he heard the arrest through his bedroom window . a young man was screaming ' you 're hurting me ! get your knee off my back , ' perry said . he said he also heard the young man say , ' i 'm an asthmatic . ' in the bystander video , gray is screaming , but it 's not clear what he is saying . capt . eric kowalczyk , a department spokesman , said batts met with all six officers involved in gray 's arrest on monday . the baltimore sun first reported the meeting . at a news conference monday , officials vowed transparency and pledged to hold those found responsible accountable . batts said the investigation will be completed by may 1 and the results will be sent to the state attorney 's office to determine whether criminal charges will be filed . batts also said he is ordering that police review and rewrite ' effective immediately ' its policies on moving prisoners and providing them with medical attention . news crews meet protesters holding up homemade signs with slogans such as ' black lives matter ' and ' justice 4 freddie ' . citizens and groups including justice league of nyc took to the streets monday to protest following the death of gray . justice league nyc organized a rally saturday night at the western district station where gray was taken . 