the belief that the most popular antidepressant drugs raise serotonin levels in the brain is nothing more than a myth , a leading professor of psychiatry has claimed . david healy , head of psychiatry at the hergest psychiatric unit in bangor , north wales , said the misconception that low levels of serotonin were responsible for depression had become established fact . he suggested that the success of so-called ssri drugs – which include prozac and seroxat – was based on the ‘ marketing of a myth’ . scroll down for video . the idea that the most popular antidepressant drugs raise serotonin levels in the brain is nothing more than a myth , psychiatrist professor david healy argues . pictured is prozac , one commonly prescribed ssri . the emergence of these serotonin reuptake inhibiting ( ssri ) drugs in the late 1980s came after concerns about tranquilliser use to treat depression . even though they were weaker than old-style tricyclic antidepressants , they took off because of the idea that ssris restored serotonin levels to normal , ‘ a notion that later transmuted into the idea that they remedied a chemical imbalance’ . in an editorial in the bmj , professor healy said that in the 1990s , no one knew if ssris raised or lowered serotonin levels but there was no evidence that treatment corrected anything . he said : ‘ for doctors it provided an easy short hand for communication with patients . ‘ for patients , the idea of correcting an abnormality has a moral force that can be expected to overcome the scruples some might have had about taking a tranquilliser , especially when packaged in the appealing form that distress is not a weakness . ’ however , other psychiatrists have refuted the professor’s claims , saying the profession has moved on from a simplistic description of the pills correcting a chemical imbalance . they warned the controversy might harm depressed patients if they were deterred from taking the drugs , which had been proved to work in trials and the ‘ real world’ . depression should be re-defined as an infectious disease rather than an emotional disorder , argues one scientist . the condition could result from a parasitic , bacterial or viral infection and future research into the condition should search for these micro-organisms , argues dr. turhan canli , of stony brook university , u.s . if his theory is true , he hopes a vaccination to protect against depression could be developed in future . writing in the journal biology of mood and anxiety disorders , dr canli said : ' it is time for an entirely different approach . ' instead of conceptualising major depression as an emotional disorder , i suggest to re-conceptualise it as some form of an infectious disease . ' i propose that future research should conduct a concerted search for parasites , bacteria , or viruses that may play a causal role in the etiology of major depression . ' professor sir simon wessely , president of the royal college of psychiatrists , said : ‘ that antidepressants are helpful in depression , together with psychological treatments , is established . how they do this is not . ‘ most researchers have long since moved on from the old serotonin model . ‘ most important of all , ssris are safer if taken in overdose than the older tricyclics . ‘ people should not change their current medication on the basis of this editorial alone . ’ nhs choices , the website which advises patients , says : ‘ it would be too simplistic to say that depression and related mental health conditions are caused by low serotonin levels , but a rise in serotonin levels can improve symptoms . ’ professor healy’s editorial says it is important to raise questions about the drugs . he said : ‘ in other areas of life the products we use , from computers to microwaves , improve year on year , but this is not the case for medicines , where this year’s treatments may achieve blockbuster sales despite being less effective and less safe than yesterday’s models . ‘ the emerging sciences of the brain offer enormous scope to deploy any amount of neurobabble . ' we need to understand the language we use . until then , so long , and thanks for all the serotonin’ , he concludes . professor david taylor , director of pharmacy and pathology and head of pharmaceutical sciences clinical academic group , king’s health partners , south london and maudsley nhs foundation trust , said : ‘ professor healy makes a forceful but poorly supported argument against something which doesn’t and has never really existed : the idea that ssris ‘correct’ an ‘imbalance’ of serotonin in the brain . ‘ researchers and psychiatrists alike know that ssris are effective in a number of disorders but no one is sure exactly how they work . their readily demonstrable effect is on serotonin but they have many indirect secondary effects in the brain . other psychiatrists warned the controversy might harm depressed patients if they were deterred from taking the drugs , which had been proved to work in trials and the ‘ real world’ . ‘ prof healy fails to mention that ssris supplanted earlier tricyclics largely because of their relative safety in overdose , not because of any conspiracy concerning a theory of serotonin’s involvement in depression . ’ dr paul keedwell , consultant psychiatrist and specialist in mood disorders , said : ‘ in the real world of the clinic , ssris are undeniably effective in treating individuals with major depression . ' they have become the first line treatment of choice because they have fewer troublesome side-effects than their predecessors , and are safer in overdose . ‘ david healy has previously claimed that ssris cause dependence or provoke suicide . ‘ in so doing he has risked deterring individuals with severe depression from getting the help they need and this latest article just adds to this problem . ‘ the risk of suicide from untreated depression is much greater than the risk of treating it with antidepressants , and yes , this includes ssris . ’