in a ruling that could end the reign of illegal online downloading , the federal court of australia has ordered australian internet companies to reveal the ip addresses of thousands of account holders who illegally uploaded the film the dallas buyers club online . the identity of over 4,726 individuals , who shared the content online using peer-to peer sharing network bittorrent , will be provided to the copyright holder of dallas buyers club llc due to the landmark judgement . this includes their names , ip addresses and residential addresses . internet companies iinet limited , internode , amnet broadband , dodo services , adam internet and wideband networks were all affected by the ruling . scroll down for video . internet companies will have to reveal names , ip addresses and residential addresses of 4,726 people who uploaded the film the dallas buyers club online illegally . internet companies iinet limited , internode , amnet broadband , dodo services , adam internet and wideband networks were all affected by the ruling . justice nye perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim directly from each individual . ' it is not beyond the realm of possibilities that damages of a sufficient size might be awarded under this provision in an appropriately serious case in a bid to deter people from the file sharing of films , ' justice perram said . iinet has warned its customers to expect speculative invoicing - an ' intimidating ' letter demanding significant sums of up to us $ 7000 for an alleged infringement , or threatening higher costing court action . however , mr perram said in his ruling : ' i will also impose a condition on the applicants that they are to submit to me a draft of any letter they propose to send to account holders associated with the ip addresses which have been identified . the applicants will pay the costs of the proceedings ' . he added that this : ' will prevent speculative invoicing ' . iinet has warned its customers to expect speculative invoicing - an ' intimidating ' letter demanding significant sums of up to us $ 7000 for an alleged infringement , or threatening court action . the owner of the copyright to dallas buyers club - starring matthew mcconnaughey - have won their court battle . justice nye perram did not signify any limit to the amount of damages that the copyright holder of the film could claim . he added that the details of the individuals had to be kept private by the film makers . marque lawyers boasted of their win in the courtroom on tuesday over twitter , writing : ' dallas buyers club - we won . iinet required to hand over id of copyright infringements to the film studio . it 's a big precedent… ' . ' what does dallas v iinet mean for unauthorised uploaders ? it means you should probably stop doing that . ' the internet service providers are yet to reveal whether they plan to appeal the ruling in the designated 28 days . marque lawyers boasted of their win in the courtroom on tuesday over twitter .