four out of ten british muslims partly blame mi5 and the police for radicalising british teenagers who then flee the country to join isis . a survey of 1,001 british muslims found that one in four of this cohort had some sympathy with those who decide to join terror organisations such as isis . the figures show that among young and female muslims , one third have sympathy for the jihadi runaways despite the deplorable images of isis atrocities posted on the internet . eight per cent agreed they had ' a lot of sympathy ' for the likes of jihadi john . scroll down for video . four out of ten british muslims partly blame the security services for radicalising young jihadis . eight per cent of british muslims said they had ' a lot of sympathy ' for the likes of jihadi john , pictured . six out of ten strongly condemned those , such as jihadi john , who have joined isis . the survey conducted by survation on behalf of sky news found that one-third of all muslims felt they are viewed with suspicion by non-muslims . it follows a similar poll earlier this year that found more than a quarter of muslims sympathised with the charlie hebdo attackers , who brutally murdered journalists at the satirical magazine 's offices in paris . yesterday 's survation study of 1,001 non-muslims , 44 per cent agreed they were more suspicious of muslims than they had been previously . the pollsters asked muslims and non-muslims about whether they felt islam was ' compatible ' with british values and the british way of life . according to the survey , three quarters of muslims agreed their religion was compatible with the values of british society , with 14 per cent disagreeing . for non-muslims , less than one quarter viewed islam as compatible with british values with around half saying the religion was incompatible . one in five followers of islam believe that british muslims do not do enough to integrate into society , while 64 per cent believe they do , the pollsters found . another six per cent felt it was not important for muslims to fit into british society . their families : 44 % government : 15.1 % religious authorities : 8.8 % police : 3 % schools : 2.2 % no-one : 4.6 % other : 22.1 % 1,001 muslims polled by survation for sky news . the researchers found that one in seven non-muslims had sympathy for those who have joined isis . the researchers found that almost 40 per cent of muslims agreed that the security services were partly responsible for radicalising young jihadis , compared with 16 per cent of non-muslims . meanwhile more than half of the muslims surveyed said it was their responsibility to condemn terrorist attacks by muslims in the name of islam , while a third said it was not . when it comes to stopping young muslims joining terrorist groups , 44 per cent felt it was the responsibility of their families to set them straight . more than 15 per cent said it was the government 's responsibility , followed by religious authorities ( nine per cent ) , the police ( three per cent ) and schools ( two per cent ) . the father of one of the three east london schoolgirls who fled to syria to become ' jihadi brides ' blamed the police for failing to keep track of them . abase hussen ( circled ) blamed the police and schools for allowing his daughter to travel to syria to join isis , only for footage to emerge of him at an extremist rally in central london . more than a quarter of muslims polled in a previous survey said they had sympathy for the charlie hebdo attackers . abase hussen gave evidence to parliament refusing to accept any responsibility for the three schoolgirls’ actions , instead seeking to blame the police , teachers , turkish officials and others . metropolitan police commissioner bernard hogan-howe issued a grovelling apology to the family , only for footage to emerge showing mr hussen at an extremist rally in central london . he could be seen standing just feet from one of lee rigby 's killers while yelling : ' burn , burn usa . ' the survey comes two months after a separate poll found that more than quarter of muslims said they had sympathy for charlie hebdo attackers said and cherif kouachi , who killed 12 on their rampage around paris . that poll , commissioned by the bbc , also found that 32 per cent of muslims were ' not surprised ' that the massacre took place . and more than 10 per cent of the 1,000 british muslims interviewed agreed that the magazine ' deserved ' to be attacked . the muslim council of britain told the daily telegraph : ' for many , current counter-terrorism measures , particularly related to the prevent strategy , actually lead to greater alienation as muslims are seen through the lens of security , rather than tackling the scourge of terrorism itself . ' the council said it was pleased that the survey ' once again confirms that muslims feel british and have a strong affinity with our shared universal values ' .