screeching around the track in a car he last drove more than 50 years ago , sir stirling moss appears to have lost none of his racing pedigree . and at 85 , the man widely seen as history 's greatest all-round racer has revealed the unusual daily routine he thanks for his impressive longevity – 77 press-ups and half a bottle of chardonnay . sir stirling , who won 212 races in his 14-year career , also spoke about how he has swapped the high-octane vehicles of his heyday for a tiny electric car that has a top speed of just 50mph . reunited : sir stirling moss sitting behind the wheel of the refurbished austin-healey sprite . success : the 85-year-old won 212 races during his 14-year career before a crash at goodwood in 1962 . back in action : sir stirling examines the refurbished car alongside car sos presenter fuzz townshend . speaking to the daily mail , sir stirling said he sees fitness as a ' way of life ' which is why he is still so confident behind the wheel . however , never one for strenuous gym sessions , he puts his health down to more unusual methods . he said : ' i have half a bottle of wine a day , which fits in very nicely , and that 's it . i do what i call lady press ups and i do 77 a day . ' it 's not as difficult as it sounds because i do them from a kneeling position . i could not do 70 press ups like i could when i was 30 years old . ' i 've broken various bones during my career so i 'm not that flexible . i think staying fit is a way of life more than anything else really . ' when it comes to diet , he said he believes in indulgence and never denies himself something he wants . he said : ' i never go to bed hungry , let 's put it that way , especially as susie is such a fantastic cook . car sos sees the rusty sprite rescued from a suburban garage and carefully renovated before sir stirling puts it through its paces once again . above , sir stirling with presenters fuzz townshend and tim shaw . sir stirling drove the refurbished car in 1962 - one month before the crash at goodwood on easter monday that ended his career ( pictured above ) . he had to be cut out of his lotus and was unconscious for six weeks . ' i allow myself whatever i want but i would have to say my indulgences are that susie and i drink one bottle of wine each day , white certainly , chardonnay . and chocolate . i 'm trying to cut that down but not that successfully . ' he made the revelations after a new documentary reunited the father-of-two with the austin-healey sprite he used as a training car before the 1962 sebring three-hour race . the race took place a month before the crash at goodwood on easter monday that ended his career . he had to be cut out of his lotus and was unconscious for six weeks . he returned to the cockpit a year later but decided against competing professionally as he felt he was no longer driving instinctively . the austin-healey sprite was also used by the rest of his team , including hollywood star steve mcqueen and racing legends innes ireland and pedro rodriguez . car sos , which broadcasts on the national geographic channel on thursday , sees the rusty sprite rescued from a suburban garage and carefully renovated before sir stirling puts it through its paces once again . while he found fame hurtling around corners at death-defying speeds , sir stirling now takes a more measured approach to the road . for the last 18 months he has been driving a renault twizy , an electric car with a top speed of 50mph . he said of the car , which retails for less than £7,000 : ' i live right in the middle of london , right by hyde park corner , and the limitations on an electric car like that , you do n't notice them . ' if i lived outside the north circular there might be times when i 'd think `` crickey , i wonder if i 'll make it back on the charge '' but having said that , the twizy is just the sort of car to have around london . sir stirling has been married to his third wife , lady susan moss , 62 , since 1980 and said the secret to his matrimonial bliss is that he ' married the perfect girl ' . above , the couple at silverstone in july 2011 . ' it is absolutely very different to the cars i used to drive . there are certainly good reasons to have a petrol car but living where i do , in the centre of london , i ca n't think of anything better than what i have got . ' sir stirling , who was knighted in 2000 , said he would not want to be a professional driver today because he thinks there are too few races . he said : ' it 's quite different now though , they only do 18 races a year , i was doing 52 because i would go down to australasia in the winter or malaysia or south africa and do all types of racing . ' it 's so different now that you ca n't compare the life of a driver then and now . it 's unfortunately one of those things that has moved on and i do n't think will ever be able to move back . ' he has been married to his third wife , lady susan moss , 62 , since 1980 and said the secret to his matrimonial bliss is that he ' married the perfect girl ' . he added : ' if your wife is your best friend that 's the important thing to me . if every decision you think about or make or take you discuss with her first , i think that 's very important . ' but then susie says i do what i want anyway . ' car s.o.s . broadcasts on thursday april 9 at 8pm on national geographic channel .