an estimated 957,000 shoppers in the us alone ordered apple watches on friday and this popularity surpassed expectations - even apple 's . in a leaked memo from the firm 's angela ahrendts , the retail chief said that customers wo n't be able to buy an apple watch in store ' through the month of may ' due to ' high global interest combined with our initial supply . ' it was expected to launch on 24 april . ms ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ' closer to in-store availability . ' scroll down for video . in a leaked memo from apple 's angela ahrendts the retail chief wrote : ' due to high global interest combined with our initial supply , we are only taking orders online right now [ and ] we expect this to continue through the month of may . ' it was expected to launch on 24 april . the memo was seen by rhiannon williams at the telegraph . pre-orders of the watch began on friday at 12.01am pdt ( 8.01am bst ) and within an hour many models in various regions had sold out including the most expensive 38mm gold edition version in the us and canada . models were showing a shipping time of four to six weeks or , in some cases , june despite the watch going on general sale on 24 april . an estimated 957,000 american shoppers ordered apple watches on friday . that estimate comes from slice intelligence , which measures digital commerce by tracking consumer e-receipts . its data from online shoppers showed an average of 1.3 watches bought per customer , with $ 503.83 ( £337 ) spent per item - although apple has not officially confirmed any sales figures . in a recent goldman sachs survey , more than 10 per cent of iphone owners say they will buy an apple watch , a new survey has found . goldmach sachs surveyed 1,000 people , and found 11 % of people who own an iphone are ' very likely ' to buy the $ 349 smart timepiece this year . it said the demand for the watch was ' encouraging ' , and says sales are likely to hit hit traditional watch firms . it was initially believed that those who were willing to queue on 24 april would be able to buy the watch before people who had pre-ordered . but ms ahrendts memo has confirmed otherwise . ' it 's important to remember that apple watch is not just a new product but an entirely new category for us , ' the memo continued . ' there 's never been anything quite like it . that 's why , for the first time , we are previewing a new product in our stores before it has started shipping . ' given the high interest and initial supply at launch , we will be able to get customers the model they want earlier and faster by taking orders online . ' she added that this is n't the way apple intends to launch all new products form now on and it loves ' those blockbuster apple product launch days ' , but told store employees to be prepared for the changes . on friday many buyers reported apple 's site was still down after the launch time , forcing them to order the device through the apple app store on their phones or tablets . as part of the first wave of pre-orders , the watch can be bought online by people in the us , canada , uk , germany , france , australia , hong kong , china and japan . the watch also went on display in apple stores across these regions , as well as in galeries lafayette in paris , isetan in tokyo , selfridges in london , and select apple resellers in japan and china . online pre-orders began on friday at 12.01am pdt ( 8am bst ) and although apple said the devices will ship on 24 april within just an hour this had been pushed back to june . buyers also reported the site was still down after the launch time , forcing them to order the device through the apple app store app . ms ahrendts added it had not been an easy decision and would provide more updates as the firm gets ' closer to in-store availability . ' it was initially thought those who were willing to queue on 24 april would get the watch in stores before people who had pre-ordered . but ms ahrendts ' memo has confirmed otherwise . ' will the apple watch change your life ? well , possibly more than many realise until they start using it . ' after a day or two with the watch , a strange thing happened - i completely stopped checking my phone . ' while apple may be the firm that really creates phone addiction , meaning we are constantly checking our handsets , with the apple watch it may have cured it . ' apple undoubtedly has another hit on its hands with the watch . ' as more and more apps appear , and developers actually get to spend time with it , i fully expect it be used in ways we ca n't even imagine now . ' much like the iphone , apps could propel this to become a new computing platform - and even with the features it already has , the apple watch is the most elegant way to communicate digitally . ' mark prigg in new york . as with all apple launches , the californian tech giant took its store offline hours before the pre-order time to update its product pages . however , shortly after the pre-orders opened customers took to twitter to complain the site was still down and they could n't access the checkout . one said : ' irritated that i stayed up until 3am to pre-order an # applewatch and the site was down until after the may inventory already sold out . ' and even after orders had been placed , some customers had trouble receiving confirmation details and delivery dates . one twitter user wrote : ' # applewatch ordered but no email confirmation and the ' orders ' section on their site and app is down so i ca n't confirm it went through . ' another wrote : ' no way in hell am i preordering an # applewatch today when it wo n't ship until june . ' and another added : ' there 's an # applewatch for everyone . ' unless you want it before june . ' but for people who want to try on the watch they can book an appointment online . a mailonline investigation earlier this week revealed that the uk is the most expensive place in the world to buy the majority of apple watch models . apple 's site and app still say the watch is available from 24 april , but when a model is selected and added to the customer 's online basket ( pictured ) , this changes . a sport model currently has a dispatch time of four to six weeks , while the edition model has a june delivery date . and for people who want to try on the watch they can book an appointment online ( pictured ) . the memo added this is n't the way apple intends to launch all new products form now on and it loves ' those blockbuster apple product launch days ' but told store employees to prepare for the change . the most expensive edition model costs up to £2,500 more in the uk compared to elsewhere in the world , while at the lower end of the scale british buyers pay up to £63 more for the sport model . the cheapest model is the 38mm sport version and costs £299 in the uk . in the us , the same model costs $ 349 , but this does n't include sales tax . sales tax in the us depends on the region where the product is sold , but as an example california has one of the highest rates - at 9 % - while montana has zero . all prices shown in the table above are for the most expensive option in each model and region . prices also include all relevant sales taxes . beneath each foreign price is the conversion rate in gbp . in the us , california was chosen because it has one of the highest sales taxes at 9 % , while montana was chosen for the opposite end of the scale because it does n't have a sales tax . quebec in canada has one of the highest sales taxes at 15 % , while alberta has one of the lowest at 5 % . prices and conversions were correct at the time of writing . with both of these sales taxes added to the price of the sports model in the us , the total cost works out at $ 380.41 ( £257 ) and $ 349 ( £236 ) in the respective states . this is a difference of £42 when bought in california , compared to the uk , and £63 when compared to montana . the effect is magnified for the top-of-the-range edition version , which costs from £8,000 for the 38mm model in britain , compared to a starting price of $ 10,000 in the us . at the time of writing , $ 10,000 converts to £6,769 - which equates to a difference of £1,231 before charges are taken into account . the most expensive version of the 38mm edition in the uk is £13,500 in the uk , and $ 17,000 in the us . when sales taxes are added to the us model , the price rises to $ 18,530 in california , which converts to £12,543 - a difference of £957 .