this is the moment an 11-year-old boy became stuck in knee-deep mud and had to be rescued by a hovercraft . the child was on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family from manchester when he walked across the mudflats on wednesday . seemingly unaware of the low tide , he quickly became stuck and had to be pulled to safety by the coastguard in its hovercraft . he was unhurt in the incident , and was seen leaving the beach smiling . scroll down for video . an 11-year-old boy had to be pulled to safety after becoming stuck in knee-deep mud on in burnham-on-sea . the coastguard used a hovercraft to reach the boy , with two members of its mud rescue team enlisted to pull him out to safety . the 11-year-old was returned to safety shortly afterwards . his relieved family were visiting from manchester . at around 3.30pm yesterday the coastguard was called to brean beach after reports of the boy becoming stuck . emergency services used a hovercraft to bring him back to the beach unharmed . ' the boy had been wading out across the mudflats at low tide and unfortunately got into difficulty in thick mud in that part of the beach , ' said mark newman , chairman of barb search and rescue . ' many people have been stuck there , it 's well known to be a dangerous spot . ' the beach warden noticed the boy standing in the flats as he tried to reach the sea and alerted the coastguard . ' we were called in our hovercraft , we got to the scene very quickly and flew down the beach around 600m to the boy . the boy was flown back to hard sand and was not harmed in the incident at around 3.30pm yesterday afternoon . the boys ' worried family watch on as the hovercraft reaches him . the stretch of coast is particularly dangerous , said experts . ' two members of the coastguard mud rescue team safely rescued him , taking him on board . ' together they flew back down the beach to his very relieved parents . ' he was n't worse for wear but obviously it is frightening when you do get into difficulty in the mud , that 's why we always advise people to keep to the hard sand and watch the tide times . ' the stretch is one of the most dangerous parts of the coast , mr newman added . ' the tide was just starting to come in which was another reason . you can find yourself in difficulty very quickly , the tide comes in very quickly . ' it was the second time in a week the team had to use the hovercraft to rescue a youngster . on easter sunday a 15-year-old girl was flown away from berrow in an incident that was ' very similar ' , mr newman added . bbv-6 the spirit of lelaina is named after lelaina hall , a five-year-old who died in 2002 after becoming stuck in mudflats . her death sparked a campaign to raise enough money to build a hovercraft to save people who find themselves in danger in the area . it was launched the following year in her memory .        