an elderly couple has spent four years living in the shadows after being forced to board up their windows because of constant anti-social behaviour . charles kingham , 86 , and partner pauline moore , 68 , have been together for 40 years and bought their home in the quiet lincolnshire seaside resort of mablethorpe for £35,000 in 1987 . they spent two years converting it into their dream home , but it became a ' living hell ' after it was converted into an integrated offender management centre , which deals with persistent criminals . scroll down for video . board stiff : the couple have been forced to board up every window in their home for protection . the pair have both suffered health problems as a result of the stress the ordeal has put them under . mr kingham , who served in the merchant navy and ran his own timber company before retiring , said : ' the biggest fear for me is going to bed and wondering if we are going to wake up if something is thrown through the letter box . ' we sit here sometimes and think how we have had such a wonderful life . ' but this is misery , absolute misery and nobody wants to do anything . that is the modern world . ' ms moore claimed the problems started when people started selling drugs nearby and would walk up their garden path ' high ' . incidents intensified when the couple reported anti-social behaviour in the area . they were targeted on an almost weekly basis , with vandals smashing windows with stones and pelting their home with eggs and golf balls . the thugs even splashed cooking fat across the walls and path , urinated on their flowers and keyed their car . at least they have each other : the couple have been together for 40 years despite ' misery ' caused by thugs . every single window of their home has been smashed and the couple eventually got so sick of having to spend time and money replacing them that they took drastic measures . the pair spent £700 on wood and boarded up the house for protection . they have been living in the shadows ever since . and although the house should be worth £100,000 , the couple believe they would have to sell for a knock-down price of £60,000 to escape the darkness . retired office worker ms moore sobbed : ' this house was a dream home but our life has been made a living hell . ' we ca n't sell and are just stuck here so we 've barricaded ourselves in . it 's the only thing we could think of doing to stop the abuse . ' we have both got so low . i have developed a heart condition through anxiety . ' when they were banging on the windows , charles went down with a chest infection because of the stress . i thought he was going to die . dark days : mr kingham has to perform normal daily tasks in constant gloom since boarding up his home . ' the trouble started four years ago when the old lady who lived next door died and the house was turned into an integrated offender management centre . ' it was basically for offenders coming out of prison . we did n't have a problem with that at first but suddenly people in the area started selling drugs and coming up our garden path high and even urinating on it . ' we reported it to the police and ever since then we have been plagued with problems . ' the police have been down and seen the damage caused . we 've had a pan of chip fat put on the wall of the house and we had our little red ford fiesta completely keyed down both sides . keen reader mr kingham ( left ) has been forced to read in a dark room since they boarded up the windows ( right ) . ' in november there was a big party nearby and at 3am people were banging on our windows and shouting . ' we 've had eggs and golf balls thrown at our bungalow and three of our windows are still chipped . ' we did n't report every incident to the police because we thought we 'd just sell up and we hoped it would all stop but it has just got worse . ' we decided enough was enough and got the windows boarded up because it 's the only thing we could think of to do to protect ourselves . ' we have boarded up the two windows in the lounge , the two in the bedroom and the kitchen . the only ones that are n't boarded are the dining room and bathroom . ' it is quite dark inside and not nice sitting in total darkness when the weather is lovely but it was the only alternative and we do feel safer . better days : the couple enjoying life on a holiday to the usa in the 1990s before the problems started . ' we could sell our bungalow which is not what we want to do . ' by law you have to declare anti-social behaviour so even though it is worth £100,000 we would probably only be able to sell it for £60,000 . ' mr kingham added : ' we are compiling a full report of incidents against our home but i fear it wo n't make much difference . boarding the windows seemed the most common sense thing to do . ' lincolnshire police and east lindsey district council confirmed they were aware of the attacks on the couple 's home . jon challen , community safety team leader at east lindsey district council , said : ' both the council and police take all reports of antisocial behaviour very seriously . ' both agencies are working closely together on this matter but at this time there is no evidence that any offence has been committed . ' a spokesperson for lincolnshire police added : ' the local neighbourhood policing team are aware of the couple and the allegations of anti-social behaviour . ' lincolnshire police take all reports of asb seriously and , together with partners at other agencies , have robust systems in place to assist those affected and identify the most vulnerable . ' to date in this case , no offences have been identified but police and asb officers from east lindsey district council continue to offer support to ms moore and will investigate each reported allegation . ' 