arizona 's only hispanic governor , raul castro , has died at age 98 . castro passed away on friday morning while in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care , family spokesman james garcia said . he was a self-made man , the embodiment of the american dream overcoming poverty and discrimination to graduate from college , and launch a successful career in politics and diplomacy . during his career , castro also served as an american ambassador to three countries including el salvador , bolivia and argentina . arizona governor doug ducey said castro ' lived a full life of exemplary service to arizona and its people . ' raul hector castro ( above pictured in 2006 ) , former governor of arizona died on friday morning . ' he was an honorable public servant , a history-maker , a beloved family man and a strong friend and fighter for arizona , ' ducey said in a statement . castro is survived by his wife , pat and his two daughters , mary pat james and beth castro , according to az central . growing up on the us-mexico border near douglas , arizona , castro saw discrimination around him . former arizona governor and u.s . ambassador raul hector castro and his wife pat , pictured in their nogales , arizona home in 2008 . ' america is the land of opportunity , ' he told the associated press in 2010 . ' here , one can accomplish whatever they want to be . but you 've got to work for it . ' he said he wondered why the hispanics were laborers and none delivered the mail or worked in offices . it did not seem right that the hispanic children had to walk miles to school every day while the white kids would wave from a passing school bus , he said . castro set out to beat the odds . when he could not get a job as a teacher — schools did not hire educators of mexican descent back then — he became a drifter for a while , working as a farm hand and boxing here and there . he landed a job with the u.s. consulate in the border city of agua prieta , mexico . after five years , a senior official told him he was doing a great job but had no future in the foreign service — he had a hispanic name and no ivy league education . castro then quit and moved to tucson . a law school dean at the university of arizona told castro he would not be accepted because he could not afford to quit a job teaching spanish . besides , the dean said , hispanic students did not do well in law school . undeterred , castro went to the university president , who convinced the dean to give castro an opportunity to prove himself . castro died in his sleep in san diego where he was in hospice care , a family spokesman said ( above castro pictured far right in 1976 with governors at the time including dick lamm for colorado , jerry apodaca for new mexico . he excelled and went on to be elected the first hispanic county attorney and later the first hispanic judge in pima county superior court . ' one of the finest men i ever knew , ' former gov . rose mofford , a fellow democrat , said of castro during a 2010 interview with the ap . born in cananea , mexico , in 1916 , some 50 miles south of arizona , castro grew up in arizona and graduated from douglas high school . he was the second youngest in a family with 12 children — 11 boys and one girl . his father was a union leader forced out of mexico for organizing a strike at the mine in cananea . his father died when castro was 12 , and his mother became a midwife to feed the family . she delivered babies for the mexican families around douglas in exchange for flower , corn , beans and other staples . castro serve as u.s. ambassador to el salvador , argentina and bolivia . education was the best way out , castro was determined . he went on to serve as u.s. ambassador to three latin american countries under three u.s. presidents . lyndon johnson sent him to el salvador , where castro became known as ' yankee castro ' to differentiate him from the other raul castro — the brother of cuban dictator fidel castro . johnson later sent him to bolivia and he stayed for a short time under richard nixon before returning to arizona and making the first of two bids for governor . his statewide races were two of the closest gubernatorial elections in state history . he lost to republican jack williams in 1970 by 1.5 percentage points . he fared better four years later as the republican party was embroiled in the watergate corruption scandal . castro defeated republican russ williams by less than one percentage point three months after nixon resigned in controversy . as an ambassador and judge , castro was used to having unquestioned authority . however , he struggled to adjust to the checks and balances imposed on a governor , said alfredo gutierrez , a democrat and legislative leader while castro was governor . ' it was a very difficult beginning for him , ' gutierrez said . ' it was quite an adjustment . ' castro was governor for two and a half years before resigning when president jimmy carter appointed him ambassador to argentina . he told the ap he was proud of his work motivating hispanics to vote , many of them for the first time despite deep nerves . ' the thing that bothered me the most when i resigned as governor , the hispanic community felt that i had betrayed them , because they worked so hard to get me elected , ' he said decades later . ' i had to convince them and persuade them that being an american ambassador was just as important as being a governor . i had more authority . ' castro spent his waning years living in nogales and talking to students around the state , motivating them to work hard and chase lofty dreams .