the principal of a private boys school in sydney has sent an email to parents and former students to inform them of child sex abuse allegations dating back 35 years . newington college in stanmore in sydney 's inner west is the latest prestigious private school to be hit by historic child sex abuse allegations . headmaster david mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on monday ahead of a pending court case , fairfax media reports . newington college in sydney 's inner west notified parents and students of child sex abuse allegations dating back 35 years in an email sent out on monday ahead of a pending court case . he said the case referred to alleged incidents from more than 35 years ago and asked anyone with grievances to come forward . headmaster david mulford notified parents and students of the allegations in an email sent out on monday ahead of a pending court case . ' i regret to inform you that a matter is to come before the courts involving alleged offences at newington from more than 35 years ago , ' dr mulford wrote . ' the sad cases about child sexual abuse and the poor institutional responses at the time have received considerable press coverage , '' the headmaster added . dr mulford , who has been been headmaster since 2009 , spoke of the royal commission set up to look at institutional failures and child sex abuse but made it clear the school had not been called to give evidence . ' sadly , many institutions with a long history , including newington , have past incidents that require investigation and effective follow up , ' he wrote . ' the commission 's activities will no doubt , and justifiably , encourage those abused to come forward if they have n't already done so . ' ' all of us have been appalled at the revelations coming from the royal commission sessions across the country . we feel deeply for the victims of such abuse . ' he said newington college would fully co-operate with police over the allegations . st ignatius ' college riverview , located on sydney’s north shore , has been responsible for the education of several high profile australians including prime minister tony abbott . the principal of st ignatius ' college riverview , paul hine , sent a letter to its old boys last month informing them that a former student had made allegations of ' child sexual abuse over 30 years ago ' . it comes after the principal of st ignatius ' college riverview , paul hine , sent a letter to its old boys last month informing them a former student had made allegations of ' child sexual abuse over 30 years ago ' . the prestigious school , located on sydney’s north shore , has been responsible for the education of several high profile australians including prime minister tony abbott , minister for agriculture barnaby joyce and the archbishop of sydney anthony fisher . the letter , penned by principal paul hine , gave no details of the allegations except that it concerned child sexual abuse and that it happened more than 30 years ago . it 's not the first time abuse allegations have surfaced at st ignatius ' college riverview . previously , it was alleged that former teacher and pupil peter bohrsmann had sexually abused a student during his time at riverview . the 57-year-old categorically denied the allegations , which were made to police anonymously , before taking his own life two days later on school grounds . police have made no links between the current allegations and any past complaints . meanwhile , knox grammar was recently in the spotlight at the child abuse royal commission , which heard evidence about sexual abuse at the school during in the 1970s and '80s . hearings will resume on tuesday . the prestigious school , located on sydney’s north shore , has been responsible for the education of several high profile australians including prime minister tony abbott . 