shaving , waxing , plucking - many of us spend hours getting rid of body hair . but this week , singer miley cyrus decided to challenge convention and leave her underarms unshaved - perhaps she 's onto something , as there may be health benefits to having an ample covering of fuzz . here , with the help of experts , we explore why being hairy may be good for you . singer miley cyrus this week shocked fans with this photo by challenging convention - and leaving her underarms unshaved . how body hair helps your skin heal . hair anywhere on the body is important for maintaining skin health , explains des tobin , a professor of cell biology at the university of bradford . ' each hair follicle [ the tiny structure that sprouts hairs ] is not just producing a hair fibre , but also has masses of blood vessels , nerves and fat around it . ' hair follicles are also rich in stem cells - cells that never lose the capacity to renew themselves - which help the skin heal . ' if you compared a wound on the outside of a man 's arm , where the hair follicles are larger and more numerous , with a wound on the inside of the arm , the one on the outside would heal better , because of the increased stem cells and blood supply , among other factors , ' says professor tobin . similarly , a bald scalp is less able to cope with nicks , cuts and bruising than a hairy one because of the lack of healthy follicles . as we age , follicles shrink and while people who lose hair will still have some stem cells , their healing capacity may be reduced . the good news is that removing hair through shaving or waxing wo n't reduce these benefits because the hair follicles are still intact . ... and provides sun protection . body hair harks back to our prehistoric ancestors - it was our only garment , keeping us warm and protecting us from environmental impact such as sunlight , explains nick lowe , consultant dermatologist from london 's cranley clinic . while few of us have dense enough hair to serve this purpose now , someone who 's particularly hairy may have an extra degree of sun protection , he says . another historic function of body hair was to keep us warm , says professor tobin , who is also director of the centre for skin sciences . ' we do know bald heads lose more heat , and that when we 're cold , our body hair stands on end to trap warm air closer to the surface of the skin . ' body hair harks back to our prehistoric ancestors - it was our only garment . now , experts have revealed the various ways in which being hairy may be good for us - despite our constant attempts to remove it . do n't pluck your nasal hair . unsightly as they may be , hairs in the nostrils do have a role - to prevent foreign material , such as dust , getting in to the nose and lungs , says george murty , an ear , nose and throat consultant at university hospitals of leicester . if you want to defuzz your nostrils , trimming might be better to plucking , particularly if you have a cold , adds mr murty . ' when you pluck , you 're pulling the root out , which leaves a hole in the skin - that 's a potential source of infection , so you may want to avoid plucking when there 's lots of infections around ' . surprisingly , the tip of the nose technically has the most dense patch of hair on the body . we 're born with all our hair follicles - 5 million of them . as we grow into adults , the hair on our limbs becomes spaced out , but the tip of the nose stays a relatively similar size , explains professor tobin . does a hairy chest imply intelligence ? those who are particularly hairy - such as the actor tom selleck ( pictured ) - may have extra sun protection . an ample chest rug has long been seen as a sign of masculinity and good health in a man . and there may be something in it . as boys and girls go through puberty , some of the light , unpigmented hair on their bodies - called vellus hair - becomes thicker and darker , under the influence of hormones such as testosterone and its derivative dihydrotestosterone , becoming what is known as terminal hair . as men tend to have higher levels of these hormones , they usually have more terminal hair , and in more areas than a woman , such as the face , abdomen and chest . so when a man has a good smattering of chest hair it could be a sign that he has healthy levels of testosterone , says nida chammas , a consultant endocrinologist at bmi the clementine churchill hospital , harrow . however , not having much chest hair does not mean a man is unhealthy , she adds - it can be simply down to your genes . someone with less obvious body hair may have perfectly healthy levels of male hormones , but the receptors in the skin are less responsive to them . some research links the hairiness of a man 's chest to his intelligence . in the nineties , aikarakudy alias , a u.s. psychiatrist , claimed that hairy chests are more likely to be found among doctors than the general population - he found 45 per cent of male trainee doctors were ' very hairy ' compared with less than 10 per cent of men generally . but professor tobin is sceptical , saying unless factors such as race , ethnicity and socio-economic status were ruled out , such findings were meaningless . women who use hair removal creams around their bikini line may find they are more prone to thrush . why it pays to stay au naturel . another function of hair is it provides a ' slippage zone ' , preventing chafing in areas where skin surfaces rub against one another . ironically , these are often areas where people may be most keen to be hair-free - such as the armpits and bikini area . ' even the finest hair coverage on the body provides this glide buffer zone , ' says professor tobin . ' so , some people who shave under their arms find it 's uncomfortable to move their arms against the side of their body - like a carpet burn . ' meanwhile , women who use hair removal creams around their bikini line may find they are more prone to thrush , a common yeast infection that causes itching , irritation and discharge , says austin ugwumadu , a consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist at st george 's hospital , london . ' some people may have allergies to these products . an allergic reaction may then precipitate inflammation which triggers an episode of thrush . ' repeated hair removal in this area , whatever the method , can sometimes cause a minor infection called folliculitis - disrupting the hair follicle may allow bacteria to get into the hair 's root . ' because there is a high concentration of follicles in this area , and increased sweat ( on which bacteria feed ) , the chances of an infection are higher , ' says mr ugwumadu . hairy toes may mean good circulation . losing the hair on the feet - and also the lower leg - can be a symptom of peripheral artery disease . it 's rarely considered an attractive feature , but hair on your toes could be a sign that your circulation is in good working order . constantinos kyriakides , a consultant vascular surgeon at barts health nhs trust , explains : ' losing the hair in the feet - and also the lower leg - can be a symptom of peripheral artery disease . ' in this common condition , a build-up of deposits in the leg arteries restricts blood supply to the leg muscles . patients with it are more likely to have heart disease , too . hair follicles need a good blood supply for nutrients and oxygen . ' if you get a blockage in the circulation in the legs , it means less oxygen will reach the bottom of the leg - far away from the heart - so the hair follicles there will suffer the most . ' however , some people simply are n't very hairy on their toes anyway , and they do n't need to worry . ' it 's only a sign of poor circulation if you had hair there in the first place , ' says mr kyriakides . such hair loss usually happens to people for whom peripheral artery disease is quite advanced - an earlier symptom is pain in the calves when walking . leaving underarm hair intact may help disperse the odours that attract us to a potential partne . think before you prune your ears . hairs in the outer portion of the ear canal prevent dust and other particles from entering the ear . however , excess hair in the ears may collect wax , which can block the ear canal and hamper hearing - so if you are prone to build-ups of ear wax you may want to consider trimming these hairs . but this may affect your hearing , according to dr kewal krishan , an anthropologist at panjab university , chandigarh , india . he suggests there are two types of tiny sensory hairs which help transmit sound signals to the brain . those in the outer ear boost soft sounds and reduce the loud sounds , while those in the inner ear transmit the sound waves to the auditory nerve . writing in the journal medical hypotheses , dr krishan suggests very hairy ears could confer better hearing . however , ent experts are deeply sceptical . lovelorn ? hairy armpits may help . another argument for leaving underarm hair intact is that it may help disperse the odours that attract us to a potential partner . as professor tobin says : ' in other mammals , body hair is very important for dispersing odours , such as pheromones - chemicals that can help to attract mates . ' whether humans have them too is a controversial area , but shaving your underarm hair could mean that odours are not dispersed into the air so quickly . ' ps . go easy on the fake eyelashes . good news for bushy-browed cara delevingne - the thicker your eyebrows , the better protected your eyes are from sweat and other particles . eyelashes , too , are important for keeping dust out of eyes , as well as helping them stay moist . ' they redirect air flow over the eye lid and keep it out of the eyeball , stopping it drying out , ' explains professor tobin . however , you do n't want eyelashes that are too long . a recent study from the georgia institute of technology in the u.s. found that if they are any longer than a third of the width of your eye , they 'll actually increase the air flow around the eye and have a drying effect . 