a size 28 woman who was a bridesmaid three times is celebrating shedding six stone - and is planning to walk down the aisle as a bride . frankie ruttledge , from strensall , yorkshire , weighed 18 stone 7lbs and had struggled with her weight all her life before dieting to a svelte size 10/12 . the 24-year-old , who has been a ' fat bridesmaid ' three times , ditched her diet of crisps for breakfast , pork pies for lunch and frozen pizza for dinner and dropped to 12 stone in less than two years . frankie , pictured left at her mum 's wedding in 2010 , always thought of herself as the ' fat bridesmaid ' however she has now lost six stone and is looking forward to her own wedding . and now the slimming world consultant is just one year away from walking down the aisle for a fourth time - to marry the love of her life luke haynes , 24 . frankie said : ' i have always been bigger - as a child i was always the biggest in my class . i just ate rubbish and had a really poor diet . i ate a lot of pasties and sausage rolls . ' i did n't think i 'd ever be different . but then in september 2012 my sister asked me to be her bridesmaid and i promised her i would lose weight for her wedding . ' i wanted to look good for her wedding , but i just kept getting bigger and bigger - i could n't shift the weight . frankie poses with her fiance luke haynes , the pair are planning to marry next year and frankie hopes to wear a size ten dress . ' it was n't until that christmas when my aunty said to me she was shocked at how big i was , that it actually hit home . it was a bit of a rude awakening for me . i was mortified . ' when i lost the weight i actually sent her a card to say thank you . ' the bridesmaid dress they got for me was a size 28 - i was devastated . but in the end i fitted into a size 16 dress and i felt absolutely amazing that day . ' frankie was the bridesmaid for many weddings over the years , by 2013 though ( left ) she had begun to lose weight and wore a size 16 dress for her sister 's wedding . frankie looks pleased as she holds up a pair of her own shorts . she has dropped from a size 22 to a size 10/12 . frankie , who runs three slimming world groups , was spurred on to turn her life around after a family member made a comment about how big she had gotten . and after her sister asked her to be a bridesmaid at her wedding - in may 2013 - frankie gave it her all and watched as the pounds just seemed to drop off . frankie joined a local slimming world group and by changing her diet , and going to zumba and aqua fit classes at the gym , she shed an amazing five stone in the first year . breakfast : nothing . crisps and dip as a snack later . lunch : a pasty or pork pie . evening meal : frozen pizza or a take away and pints of cider . breakfast : yoghurt , oats and fruit . lunch : stir fry or a slimming world healthy fry up . evening : homemade chilli or spaghetti bolognese . frankie was not happy with her size and was spurred on to lose the weight by an aunt who commented that she was ' shocked ' at how big she had become . frankie and luke lark about with a pair of her old trousers , frankie was previously a size 22 . and it took her another 12 months to budge the final stone - tipping the scales at a much slimmer 12 stone five pounds before christmas . frankie said : ' the weight came off quickly and i just stuck to it . and the more weight i lost , the more i wanted to go to the gym as i did n't want to have any loose skin . ' and now i am just a much healthier person . i will go out for a run or take the dog for a long walk . i still want to lose a bit more but weight loss is an ongoing journey . i still have to work hard at it . ' and my next goal is my own wedding in the summer - i ca n't wait to walk down the aisle as a size 10 bride . ' my mum and future mother and sister-in-law are slimming too for it so we are all doing it together . it 's great for me to see how my weight loss has had an impact on so many other people . '