a massive fire erupted friday morning at general electric 's appliance park in louisville , kentucky , shutting down production at the sprawling manufacturing center that employs thousands . the fire broke out in a non-production building , creating huge columns of smoke visible from miles away as 200 firefighters battled the blaze . ge spokeswoman kim freeman said there are no known injuries at the structure , building 6 , where up to 50 people work during a normal day . production ceased and workers at the facility had been evacuated and sent home , freeman told daily mail online . scroll down for video . more than 100 firefighters have been called to fight a six-alarm blaze at general electric 's appliance park in louisville . there were no known injuries in the fire , which is thought to have started around 7am friday morning . a ge spokesman said that employees at the louisville facility , which makes a range of appliances , had been evacuated and sent home . a fire department spokesperson said that building caught on fire contained plastics . louisville fire department spokesman sal melendez said that the building made plastic products . the cause of the fire , which began around 7am , is not yet known , according to wdrb . a shelter in place order has been given for the surrounding half-mile area , with officials telling residents to go to the room in their houses with the least windows and to shut off any ventilation from outside . hydrochloric acid particles were found in the smoke near the building , which authorities said did not house an hazardous materials . a concentration for the particles was not stated . no acid particles were found in the plume of smoke heading downwind . ge makes a range of appliances at the facility , including washing machines , refrigerators and water heaters at its louisville facility . . the smoke near the building was found to contain hydrochloric acid particles . up to 50 employees would be in the building during a normal day , though friday was reportedly a company holiday . smoke was seen coming from a storage building at the facility , where firefighters were working to contain the blaze in addition to conducting water rescues on louisville residents evacuating during flooding . charlie gold , an employee at a country club directly east of general electric , told daily mail online that the smoke had originally been heading in his direction before switching and floating west towards the airport . he said that the smoke had a strange smell smell to it , ' not like a camp fire ' . ge makes a range of appliances at the facility , including washing machines , dryers , dish washers , refrigerators and water heaters . an estimated 6,000 employees work at the 1,000-acre center . melendez said during an 11am press conference that the fire was confined to the building area , but was not yet contained . residents around the facility were told to stay in a room with the fewest possible windows and shut off ventilation from outside . pieces of ash ( pictured ) as large as lunch boxes were found in the area and ash was found on planes at louisville international airport . the storage building , where 30 to 50 employees normally are during the day , reportedly collapsed around 8.30am . friday was a company holiday for ge and there was no one inside the building , according to wave-tv . the city 's emergency services have been stretched on friday morning as firefighters have also been rescuing residents from flooded apartments caused by seven inches of rain . it is not known if the flooding played any part in the fire . kevin tyler , chief of the harrods creek fire department , said that all 18 fire departments in the county had sent employees to the blaze , according to the courier-journal . louisville 's zoo has been closed and animals are being kept indoors because of the smoke . pieces of ash as large as lunch boxes were reported in the area and ash on planes was reported at louisville international airport . louisville mayor greg fischer gave a press conference friday morning where officials said that hydrochloric acid particles were detected in the smoke near the building , but not in the downwind plume . the building reportedly collapsed at 8.30am . a news report captured live footage of a wall crumpling into the blaze . firefighters from 18 local departments were called in to the facility . the fire had been been confined to the area around the building but had not yet been contained as of friday morning . the louisville zoo , located northwest of the ge appliance park , has been closed to protect its animals from the smoke . friday was a company holiday for ge and there were no employees inside the building , according to local media . smoke from the fire was seen billowing into the sky from miles away . the cause of the blaze on friday morning is not yet known .