when pele and bobby moore embraced , yielding perhaps the most famous of all images of sportsmanship on a football pitch , the final whistle had already blown . that was in 1970 , at the end of a wonderfully hard-fought world cup group match between england and brazil , which the south americans won 1-0 . so loudly did the football world applaud such an exhibition of mutual respect between two giants of the game that all these decades later , the applause still resounds . that image of them is frequently flourished as a perfect example of what the game was , and is used to compare , unfavourably , with what it has become . newcastle keeper tim krul congratulated sunderland striker jermain defoe on his goal at half-time . bobby moore 's famous hug with pele in 1970 is often held up as the peak of sportsmanship . and so the stadium of light on sunday afternoon . tim krul and jermain defoe are lesser stars than moore and pele , of course , and the newcastle united goalkeeper’s instinctively friendly gesture towards the man who had just scored a brilliant goal past him took place with 45 minutes yet to play . but was it really so different to that celebrated business in guadalajara , mexico , for which we don’t only continue to congratulate the england colossus and the brazilian legend for their integrity and values , but also ourselves , somehow , for knowing and loving the game when it still had a place for common decency ? sportsmail’s jamie carragher , among many others , has lambasted krul for an inappropriate show of brotherhood towards a fellow professional . on match of the day 2 , danny murphy agreed . the dutchman , they say , was out of order . the implication is that , as he walked off the pitch at half-time , he should have been so lost in his own despair , or anger , or disappointment , or fierce resolve to get back on terms , that if he’d noticed defoe at all , the only acceptable form of communication should have been a muttered oath , or at best a hard stare . krul smiles at defoe shortly after the striker 's goal gave the black cats the lead in the wear-tyne derby . sportsmail 's jamie carragher criticised krul for his half-time actions while speaking on sky sports . any form of friendliness could at the very least have waited until after the game was over , they reckon . meanwhile , for some of krul’s critics on social media , the fact that it was an intense local derby puts his behaviour almost beyond the pale . how unutterably depressing . has football really become so leeched of humanity that one decent pro can’t turn to another and say ‘ well played’ ? nobody thinks that krul would have complimented his opponent had it been a scuffed shot through his legs from two yards . but it was a wondrous strike , and , derby or not , half-time or not , a game that has no room either for an acknowledgment of a great piece of technique , or for a simple , impulsive act of sportsmanship , is a game that has become entirely detached from its roots . defoe ( left ) hit a stunning volley on the cusp of half-time to give sunderland the lead against newcastle . defoe celebrates his strike which helped the black cats to victory in the wear-tyne derby . others insist otherwise , saying only someone with ‘ no passion’ for football could commend krul for doing what he did . that’s rubbish . i am a passionate evertonian and naturally i have asked myself how i’d feel if , let’s say , tim howard congratulated liverpool captain steven gerrard in the tunnel after just being beaten by him , stupendously , from 30 yards . would i consider it disrespectful to shell-shocked fans ? or assume that by so publicly fraternising with the ‘enemy’ , howard wasn’t quite up for what remained of the fight ? of course not . on the contrary , i’d be pleased to have a grown-up on my team . moreover , there is another dimension to all this . the sub-text in at least some of the excoriation of krul’s back-slapping is that he is one of the premier league’s foreign imports , and either doesn’t fully understand the ferocious tribalism that flavours the tyne-wear derby , or being a highly-paid mercenary , chooses not to inhale it . newcastle came up short against their rivals yet again , but krul 's gesture was not the problem . defoe 's strike was a goal worthy of winning any game , and congratulating him was the decent thing to do . but that’s rubbish , too . some of us might have wistfully fond memories of an age when english football was overwhelmingly populated by players from the british isles , but we kid ourselves if we think that the modern domestic game is divided by passports into those who give their all and those who don’t . and yet , let’s be brutally honest , would the condemnation have been quite so swift and quite so loud if the boot had been on the other foot on sunday , if it had been defoe walking down the tunnel at half-time slapping krul on the back for denying him seconds earlier with a truly breathtaking , world-class save ? in fact , would there have been any condemnation at all ? or would it have been held up as a heart-warming example , even in the intense heat of competition , of a typically honest english footballer doing the decent thing ? 