getting thousands of dollars more when you sell your house could be as simple as changing the door-knobs or sprucing up the curtains . finder.com.au money and real estate expert michelle hutchison says there are easy ways to improve the look and feel of your home for prospective buyers - and they need not cost thousands . ' spending a relatively small amount can go a seriously long way when it comes to the returns you could make on the value of your home , ' she told daily mail australia . scroll down for video . get into the garden : tidying the edges , mowing the lawn and trimming the trees will improve the presentation of your home . this beautiful garden at 115 jersey road in woollahra immediately catches the eye . the house on the market and last sold four years ago for $ 5.5m . putting in new lights and light fittings can make a home stand out , just like this home for sale in sandy bay in tasmania . it 's expected to fetch upwards of $ 2.5m . artwork like these paintings at 1 madeline street in hunters hill and photo collages , along with new curtains , can add plenty to your home 's appearance . it went for $ 4.5m in 2013 and is on the market . this property at 5 closeburn avenue in prahran stands out with its bright lights . new light fittings and a fresh coat of paint are winners , according to money expert michelle hutchison . michelle hutchison ( right ) is a money expert from finder.com.au who insists that de-cluttering and reworking the wardrobes to look as presentable as those featured on the block ( left ) will add cash to your sale . in most parts , the australian property market remains at record high levels , and the experts say you can profit even more handsomely from a bit of elbow-grease . ms hutchison said going to the local hardware store and buying a few tins of paint can make a world of difference in just a few hours . change the door handles . paint the walls . give kitchen cupboards new colour . clean out the wardrobes . de-clutter the garage . put in new carpet . fix up the garden . put in new curtains . change the light fittings . put up photo collages and paintings . ' presenting your home with a fresh coat of paint , new carpet or even a good tidy can potentially add many thousands of dollars to your home 's value , ' she said . ' get tidy and organised , and fix those things that have been broken forever . ' get your kids involved to occupy them as well as save money by doing it yourself . ' it might be cheaper than going away for the weekend and the best part is that any improvements will almost guarantee you 'll add significant value to your home . ' changing the door handles is her first tip . ' replacing tired , grubby and dated door handles to shiny , matching new ones throughout your home can transform your doors and hallways , ' ms hutchison said . ' new kitchen cupboard door handles can also give your kitchen a whole new fresh look . ' for as little as $ 5 and no more than $ 20 each from your local hardware store , they are inexpensive and an easy do-it-yourself project . ' she said that a coat of paint is underestimated as a sell point but the fresh , brighter appearance of a house is very important ahead of a sale . ' painting a light , fresh neutral colour on your walls can make your whole home much cleaner and brand new . ' if you have wooden kitchen cupboard doors you could also paint them which would give your kitchen a face lift . ' and do n't forget to spring clean your cupboards and any areas that are cluttered such as a garage or study . ' the doors and handles stand out in this part of 11a molesworth street , north adelaide . getting rid of marks on doors and frames and even changing door-knobs are encouraged by real estate assessors . a beautiful garden is a must like this which adorns this woollahra property at 115 jersey road . michelle hutchison tells vendors to de-clutter clothes storage areas , lay new carpet and put images on the wall like you see at 1 madeline street , hunters hill . ' tidying up and organising your storage spaces will always add value to any home , sell old clothes and shoes ' she told dma to make look wardrobes look as good as those on the block . finder 's real estate assessors say buyers are increasingly on the lookout for places which have great storage space and that 's an easy fix , even for the most cluttered of homes . ' tidying up and organising your storage spaces will always add value to any home , ' she insisted . ' sell old clothes and shoes on sites like ebay or gumtree or have a garage sale and you could make some money to go towards other fixes around your home . ' this gives the impression of having a bigger property , with families looking for as much storage space as possible . ' first appearances are everything in real estate and the garden must be tended to . interesting artwork and photo collages give homes real character . this 8 cintra avenue , st kilda home has gained plenty of attention ahead of auction . new light fittings and carpet make a big difference and are among the ten top tips to add great value to your sale . this room has all those qualities in the 115 jersey road , woollahra home . lights , camera , action . fittings and artwork adorn 27 oban street at south yarra . create wardrobe and storage space like they do on the block and it will pay dividends say money experts . ' spending some time in the garden can do wonders to the appeal of your home , ' ms hutchison revealed . ' the best part is that it does n't have to cost anything . ' pruning plants and weeding and make a home look a million dollars . ' some councils even provide free mulch which you can spread on your garden beds . ' once you 're done on the outside , returning to the interior will serve you well . ' you can update any room with new curtains and best of all you do n't have to spend thousands of dollars , ' she said . ' retailers like kmart and target sell ready-made curtains that even have block-out backing . ' make sure you measure your window to ensure the curtain will cover it before buying . ' and change light fittings , just another small cost that can make a big difference to any room . ' most lighting shops will have stock ready to go so there 's no time wasted to order the fittings . ' her last tip is to be inventive about what you place on those newly painted walls , suggesting photo collages are a sure-fire winner . ' this is a great idea to add a personal touch to an empty hallway or blank walls , ' ms hutchison said . ' the idea is to buy different coloured or sized photo frames and arrange them in an asymmetrical pattern . '