the widow of us navy seal chris kyle has revealed the painful moment she first broke the news to their two children that their father had been murdered . taya kyle told abc 's robin roberts she gathered her son , colton and daughter , mckenna and prepared to tell them . ' i remembered just closing my eyes , the tears rolling down and me just trying to breathe , ' said kyle . reveal : taya kyle had to do everything she could from falling apart in front of her kids when she explained to them their father had been killed . recovery : taya has given an interview to 20/20s robin roberts about her life since eddie ray routh was convicted of killing her husband , american sniper , chris kyle . taya , 40 , was speaking to roberts for a special edition of abc news ' 20/20 which will air on friday , may 1 and will catch up with the widow of kyle , whose story is portrayed in the blockbuster movie , american sniper . it will be the first in-depth interview that kyle has given since former marine eddie ray routh was found guilty of capital murder on february 24 for shooting dead chris kyle and his friend , chad littlefield . he was automatically handed a life sentence without the possibility of parole and taya kyle broke down in tears on the stand when she gave evidence on the first day of the trial . during the course of their interview , kyle jokes with roberts that she never thought she would marry ' a cowboy ' but was ' excited ' by falling in love with him . ' i never probably thought a cowboy would want me , ' she said . ' and i said i would never marry somebody -- a seal either . so… ' there you go with your plans again , ' right ? ' family : chris kyle ( pictured unshaven ) proudly poses with his son , colton and daughter , mckenna and wife taya after leaving active service in around 2012 . taxing and emotional testimony : taya kyle wipes the tears from her eyes as she gives evidence from the stand during the trial of chris kyle 's killer , eddie ray routh in february . eddie ray routh pleaded not guilty to killing chris kyle and said that he shot him and his friend chad littlefield dead because he was suffering ptsd . the jury decided he was guilty of murder and knew what he was doing . taya has also written a new book , ' american wife : a memoir of love , war , faith and renewal ' which will go into detail about her marriage and the aftermath of chris 's death . the book is released on may 4 and taya hopes it will draw a line under her recent events . in march , taya published a heartbreaking letter to mark their 13th wedding anniversary . taya kyle pledged to love her late husband ' all the days of my life ' in the touching tribute in which she described the moment her future husband gave her two dozen roses during one of their first dates . kyle , who was the subject of last year 's clint eastwood-directed movie american sniper , was gunned down by fellow war veteran eddie ray routh at a shooting range in rough creek , texas , on february 2 , 2013 . taya kyle was the first witnesses called during the trial . the judge also allowed her to attend the public gallery afterwards to watch the trial . american sniper : eddie ray routh shot chris kyle dead in february of 2013 . in february of 2015 he was found guilty for the death of the war hero . that day , kyle had offered to help routh deal with his post traumatic stress disorder but was instead shot dead along with his friend chad littlefield . now , in the wake of a turbulent year that involved her husband 's killer 's trial and an appearance at the academy awards for the film made in his name , mrs kyle has written of her enduring love for her husband . posted on facebook in march , her letter said : ' i feel you in my heart and soul so strongly . i am more blessed to have been your wife than anything else in my life . ' today , i am thinking of our new relationship , when you rented a boutique hotel room in san diego and surprised me with two dozen long stem pink roses when we arrived . you got us tickets to a local improv type play . i knew then i was the luckiest girl in the world to be with tough , romantic , loving you . ' today , i have a choice . i can bury myself under the covers and acknowledge the pain of missing you and mourn the future anniversaries without you . or , i can celebrate never having a day without you in my heart because you loved me enough to leave me a lifetime of memories and beauty . ' i am somewhere in between today . i loved you yesterday , i love you know , and i will love you all the days of my life . ' kyle was considered the deadliest sniper in american history , with his kill count thought to number about 160 confirmed , with many more probable kills .