the duke of york has made his first public appearance since lurid sex claims made about him were struck off the public record by a florida judge . a visibly relieved andrew was visiting the offices of akzonobel , a paint firm based in slough , and smiled broadly as he chatted to employees . the 55-year-old , who was at the factory as part of his work with the outward bound trust , has always denied that he had any sort of relationship with virginia roberts . relieved : the duke of york made his first public appearance since sex claims against him were thrown out . today , it was business as usual for the royal , who arrived in a chauffeur-driven racing green bentley and was shown products from akzonobel 's best-known range , dulux paints . the duke also spent 40 minutes in a private meeting with matt pullen , the company 's uk managing director , and other senior staff members . the trip to slough comes less than five days after claims that andrew had sex with an under-age teenager were removed from civil court records following a federal judge’s ruling . the allegations were made by miss roberts , now 31 , who had claimed she was the sex slave of disgraced financier jeffrey epstein - a former friend of andrew 's . prince andrew has always vehemently denied the claims - as has buckingham palace which took the unprecedented step of issuing a denial shortly after the allegations came to light . smiling : a visibly relieved andrew could barely keep the smile off his face during the visit to slough . denied : the duke has always denied the lurid accusations made by virginia roberts , now 31 . speaking after his meeting with the duke , mr pullen brushed off suggestions that his company might by tarnished by association with andrew and instead emphasised the ' fantastic relationship ' between the two . ' to be honest this is a long-standing engagement and he’s the patron of the outward bound trust , who we have a fantastic relationship with , ' said mr pullen , adding : ' it 's great to have him here . ' the allegations were part of submissions made by lawyers acting for miss roberts , who wanted to join an existing civil lawsuit . it was launched by two women , also alleged epstein victims , against us federal prosecutors’ handling of the financier’s conviction for a sex offence . he was sentenced to 18 months in 2008 for soliciting a minor for prostitution but lawyers for the women claim a secret plea deal he struck with prosecutors , granting him and any potential co-conspirators immunity from further prosecution , violated their clients’ rights . listening in : prince andrew used the visit to meet senior staff at paint firm akzonobel . shown around : andrew was shown many of the firm 's products , including their dulux paint range . speaking out : andrew used the occasion to make a speech about the outward bound trust . us district judge kenneth marra refused ms roberts permission to join the lawsuit , and said in his written judgement that the sex abuse details had no bearing on the lawsuit’s goal of reopening the epstein non-prosecution agreement . during the visit to slough , the duke was told about the research project akzonobel staff are conducting in a bit to find effective ways of using colour to enhance the learning environment for children in schools . along with dulux , the firm produces paint under the cuprinol and hammerite brands , as well as performance coatings for f1 mclaren cars and supertankers . it has also long been involved with the outward bound trust , on whose board the duke of york sits , and has raised more than £1m for the charity . the charity aims to boost the life skills and confidence of young people via outdoor activities . in a speech to akzonobel staff , andrew highlighted the importance of the trust’s work : ' we need to encourage young people today , to understand there is a need for leadership and there is a need for teamwork and that’s different to management , ' he said . ' this is about actually encouraging young people to recognise they have more in them then they ever realised before . '  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .