psv eindhoven beat heerenveen 4-1 to win the dutch championship on saturday for the first time in seven seasons . psv 's victory put them on 79 points and beyond the reach of second-placed ajax amsterdam , who have lost their title after four successive years as champions . striker luuk de jong scored two headed goals in the opening period , the first inside three minutes as hosts psv eased the nerves around the philips stadion with a fast start . psv eindhoven won there first eredivisie title in seven years after beating heerenveen 4-1 on saturday . the dutch league 's leading scorer memphis depay took his tally to 20 for the season when he made it 2-0 midway through the first half with a stunning free kick . heerenveen midfielder joey van den berg pulled a goal back for his side before de jong restored the two-goal advantage just before halftime and luciano narsingh added a fourth late on . it is a 22nd league championship for psv , who are second only to ajax ( 33 titles ) in the netherlands . luuk de jong scored two headed first half goals to put his side in control at the philips stadion . memphis depay ( left ) , who scored a terrific free-kick , and georgino wijnaldum celebrate with the shield . bottom side dordrecht moved closer to relegation following a 3-0 loss at vitesse arnhem . dordrecht trail go ahead eagles , above them in the relegation playoff position , by seven points with three games left to play . valeri kazaishvili scored two and renato ibarra got the other for fourth-placed vitesse . az alkmaar , in fifth , ensured they would be involved in the europa league playoffs at least with a 3-1 home win over ado den haag . psv 's players pose for photos with the shield as they sealed the title with an impressive performance . serbian midfielder nemanja gudelj netted a brace and teenage defender derrick luckassen grabbed his first senior goal as the home side coasted to a comfortable win in the end . portuguese striker wilson eduardo had equalised for the visitors 10 minutes into the second period .