leroy j. toppins went missing on friday night while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio . his parents worriedly reported him missing after he disappeared about 6pm . more than 100 locals joined a search for the toddler that lasted all day saturday . however at 7pm , the boy 's body was found in a pond at an old stone quarry , a short distance from where he was last seen , local network nbc 4 . the quarry had been abandoned for years . tragedy : leroy j. toppins went missing about 6pm friday while playing with siblings in the front yard of his family 's home in washington court house , ohio . his body was found in an adjacent quarry saturday night . scene : after a search spanning almost 24 hours , dive crews found the toddler 's body about 7pm friday in sugar creek stone quarry , a short distance from the family 's house . the property is adjacent to the former sugar creek stone quarry . the quarry had been abandoned for several years . search crews had been combing through the area for almost 24 hours , but were hampered by the area 's conditions , according to concord green fire chief ralph stegbauer . ' even the creek lines where the volunteers are working are very steep , ' stegabauer told whio . ' a lot of brush , a lot of trees and , of course , this time of year the water is up high so we have a lot of things in the water . ' the boy 's body was found about three feet from the pond 's shore . tragically , officials said the pond would n't have been there if it were n't for recent rain . no foul play : police say they have no reason to consider the death of leroy suspicious , believing he wandered off by himself . police said the missing two-year-old was found dead in a runoff pond near his house in fayette county . the quarry was adjacent to his family 's home and had been abandoned for years . police do not believe the death was suspicious . ' at this point there 's nothing to indicate foul play , ' fayette county sheriff vernon stanforth told wlwt5 . ' the family has been extremely throughout the process . ' we believe the child merely just wandered away and got too close to the water . ' we 're never equipped to deal with death regardless of where it is , it 's especially troubling when you have a small baby . ' washington court house is a city of about 14,000 , located between cincinnati and columbus .        