new pictures have emerged of louis tomlinson 's wild night of partying with a group of five girls . the one direction star was seen barefoot and sat on the edge of a sofa during a stay at london 's soho hotel on wednesday night , in which he appeared to be rolling a joint while sat next to a box filled with a suspicious substance . and now , a series of newly-released snapchat shots of the raucous gathering have emerged , appearing to show the 23-year-old singer in his hotel room in the company of friends in the small hours of thursday morning . scroll down for video . up all night : louis tomlinson is clearly visible in previously unseen pictures from his wild night out with five girls , taken before he was pictured rolling a ' suspicious cigarette ' in his hotel room in london . jokes : the snapchat video shows louis back in his room at the soho hotel in london with his female friends , as one of them jokes that they are n't sure which member of one direction he is . one social media snap captioned with the time showed the wild party going on until at least 5.48am . another image shows newly-single louis partying at the nightclub beforehand in the company of a green-haired young lady holding up a cigarette , with the caption ' love ' over the image . shots taken from a snapchat video show the back of louis within the hotel room while a person - whose face is obscured - lays on the couch in front of him . across the image reads the joke caption : ' apparently hes one direction lol ? harry ? dunn ' , hinting that the girls pretending to be unaware which member of the globally-revered group he was . change of clothing : although louis was seen returning to the soho hotel in the same brooklyn-emblazoned jumper that he wore in the ' spliff ' picture , he seemed to have removed the sweater for a time . crowd in : louis returned to the soho hotel after leaving cirque le soir at 4am with his female friends , in the same t-shirt he was seen wearing in the snapchat images . perhaps taken from the very same video , the young singer is also seen playing the ' air guitar ' , according to the written comment . louis - who split from his long-term love eleanor calder weeks ago - was photographed leaving the soho hotel after a long night of partying with his pals in the city on thursday , with a rather sheepish look on his face . he was still clad in the very same outfit he had worn during his raucous night out , which saw him leave soho 's cirque le soir nightclub at 4am and head back to his hotel room to continue the party . after the party : louis returned to his hotel in london 's soho on thursday , apparently after the pictures of him with the roll up were taken - he is wearing the very same brooklyn sweater as in the images . that 's the shirt ! as louis arrived back at his soho hotel at around 4.30am on thursday morning , he was wearing the very same white tee as in the snapchat images . raucous : the 1d star seemed in fantastic spirits as he returned with his female friends and a man who appeared to be a member of his security team . clinging on : a pretty brunette held onto the star 's arm as they entered the hotel . although louis was seen wearing the same white ' brooklyn ' jumper when he was pictured with the suspicious ' cigarette ' , the garment he was seen walking around the hotel in the following day , the snapchat images show him to be wearing a t-shirt . and it 's the very same white top he wore on his return to the hotel after leaving the club , when he was seen getting out of a taxi filled with his gaggle of female friends . the party pals stepped out of the car and made their way as a group into the hotel , seemingly to carry on the atmosphere . tired ? since spitting from his long-term girlfriend eleanor calder in march , louis has enjoyed several nights out with mystery females . popular location : two of the young ladies who spent the evening celebrating with louis were later seen leaving the soho hotel . the original picture showed louis perching on the edge of the sofa in the hotel room , presumably after their all-night celebration . the image , which shows the one direction star poised with the suspicious roll-up and sitting next to a plastic tub containing a dry , green weed-like substance and rolling paper , was taken in the early hours of thursday morning . that same day he was photographed returning to his london hotel in a disheveled state clutching a glass of water . the singer has recently been letting his hair down and enjoying his newly-single status , after breaking up from his girlfriend of four years , eleanor calder , in march . in the original picture , apparently taken in london during this two-day party session , tomlinson appears to be smiling as he balances a magazine on his lap , smiling distractedly at a girl by his side as he prepares the suspicious cigarette . it is the latest blow to the boy band just one month after zayn malik announced his decision to quit the group . ' happy days ' : what louis tomlinson was heard saying as zayn malik smoked what appeared to be marijuana as the band was ferried to a stadium in lima , the capital of peru , for a concert . shortly before his announcement it had emerged that zayn , 22 , and louis were being forced to post bonds worth close to $ 12,000 to be allowed into the philippines where they were due to play a concert in manila . the money was to be forfeited if either were caught using illegal drugs while there . and the new picture comes in the wake of a video filmed last april where the pair were seen joking about drugs as they appeared to share a joint during the latin american leg of their 2014 stadium tour . the explosive video obtained by daily mail online last may sent shock waves through one direction’s young fan base . still partying : louis headed for a night on the town in london on thursday . past love : louis ended his four-year relationship with eleanor calder back in march . louis could be heard narrating from behind the camera as he filmed his bandmate on their way to a one direction concert in lima , peru . at one point he announced : ‘ so here we are , leaving peru . joint lit . happy days ! ’ fellow band members harry styles , liam payn and niall horan were not present as , during the 15 minute journey in a smoke filled suv , louis , from doncaster , and zayn , from bradford , joked with each other and three members of their crew who are travelling with them . a member of the team asked about the filming : ‘ are we allowed to talk contraband in this ? ’ louis replied : ‘ yes , that’s what it is about . ’ current line-up : the four-member version of one direction performs in south africa last month after the departure of zayn malik to pursue a solo career . the way they were : clean-cut one direction - from left harry styles , zayn malik , niall horan , louis tomlinson and liam payne . adopting a faux serious tone as he focused on zayn who sat beside him wearing jeans and a bob marley t-shirt , louis said : ‘ zayn takes his job very seriously . he makes sure he goes through a two hour intense warm-up before every show . just to get himself in the zone for the show . ‘ one very , very important factor of zayn’s warm up of course is mary j herself . in fact i will present it to him now for some fantastic singing . ’ the band faced heavy criticism after the video leak with thousands of fans dumping tickets to their shows . liam payne tweeted an apology saying , ‘ i love my boys and maybe things have gone a little sideways . i apologize for that . ’ he added : ‘ we are only in our 20s and we all do stupid things at this age . ’ mailonline has approached the band 's spokesperson for comment .             