former new england patriots tight end aaron hernandez has been moved to a new prison a week after he was convicted of first-degree murder and sentenced to life behind bars . a state prisons official says hernandez , 25 , was moved wednesday to the maximum-security souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , massachusetts . hernandez had been at cedar junction prison in walpole since he was convicted april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd in 2013 . lloyd was dating the sister of hernandez 's fiancee . scroll down for video . aaron hernandez , 25 , was convicted on april 15 of killing 27-year-old odin lloyd ( right ) in 2013 . he was sentenced to life in prison . though hernandez spent his first week after being convicted at cedar junction prison , he was moved on wednesday to souza-baranowski correctional center ( pictured ) in shirley , massachusetts . sousa-baranowski correctional center is a maximum-security prison about 40 miles west of boston , massachusetts . souza-baranowski is the state department of correction 's newest prison . it opened in 1998 and is about 40 miles west of boston . it houses more than 1,000 inmates , many of whom are serving life sentences , and is named for two department employees killed during a failed escape attempt in 1972 . souza-baranowski is considered the most advanced prison in the state by the state department of corrections , according to the boston herald . the facility has 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day and a microwave detection perimeter with taut wire , according to cnn . inmates in the prison are sent there because they ' present serious escape risks or pose serious threats to themselves , to other inmates , to staff , or the orderly running of the institution . supervision of inmates is direct and constant ' . hernandez 's new prison is about ten minues was from fort devens , where boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev has been held for the last two years . hernandez will be souza 's most famous inmate . larry levine , a former federal inmate who now advises offenders heading to prison , said that some staff will treat him like anyone else , while some might ask hernandez for his autograph . there are several placement options for an inmate at souza : solitary confinement ; a less harsh but still restricted block , general population ; ' lifers block ' , for those serving life sentences ; and the ' kitchen block ' , for those who work in the prison kitchen . it is unknown which area hernandez will be put into . hernandez will be souza 's most famous inmate yet , according to cnn . ' there will be a lot of staff that will treat him like an animal that he is , but there will be other staff that will want his autograph and treat him like a star , ' said larry levine , a former federal inmate who spent 10 years in high- and minimum-security prisons and founded wall street prison consultants , which advises offenders and convicts heading to prison . it is unknown which cell block hernandez will be placed in : solitary confinement ; a less harsh but still restricted block , general population ; ' lifers block ' , for those serving life sentences ; and the ' kitchen block ' , for those who work in the prison kitchen . a corrections officer hands an inmate his meal through a small opening between the mess hall and the kitchen at souza-baranowski . this is how hernandez will receive his meals . ninety per cent of the inmates at the prison are locked in their cells , which include a bunk , toilet and sink combination , a small writing shelf , and a stool affixed to the floor , are locked in their cells for 19 hours a day . there is a shelf for a tv , which inmates can buy for about $ 200 . the cells have two windows - one on the room 's door that has slots for hand , middle and ankle cuffing , and a second that looks out to a wall , buildings or trees that is approximately 4in by 20in . on the same day as hernandez 's relocation , lloyd 's mother , ursula ward , said in a press conference that she will call hernandez as a witness in the civil suit against him . in his new cell , hernandez will be staying about ten minutes from fort devens , where for the last two years boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev has been held , according to wpri . a corrections officer monitored the security camera system at souza-baranowski , where 366 cameras are used to monitor inmate activity . electronics such as televisions , fans , and typewriters that can be purchased by inmates are clear so corrections officers know if they have been opened or tampered with . ninety per cent of the inmates at souza are locked in their cells , which include a bunk , toilet and sink combination , a small writing shelf , and a stool affixed to the floor , are locked in their cells for 19 hours a day .