coastlines : the story of our shore . by patrick barkham . ( granta books £20 ) . we are an island race , — which means , in practice , we are a coastal people . no one in britain lives as much as 70 miles from the sea . our coastline of 10,800 miles is longer than india’s ( unbelievable ? try measuring the ins and outs of scotland’s ) . many people in the u.s. , russia or china never see the sea in their lives . but most of us are saturated with it in childhood — in holiday homes and beach huts with deckchairs and sandy sandwiches , shivering and occasionally baking in the capricious arms of the sea . people are drawn back to the sea in their retirement , staring once more and feeling as they did as children . our attachment to the coast is strong . popular television series explore it , gliding over the cliffs by helicopter as if in a dream . coastal paths are never short of walkers . barkham’s book is written to celebrate 50 years of enterprise neptune , the national trust’s campaign to save our coastal beauties from being spoiled — by purchasing them . beginning in 1965 , the trust has by now acquired 742 miles of coast . our attachment to the coast is strong . popular television series explore it , gliding over the cliffs by helicopter as if in a dream and coastal paths are never short of walkers . naturally , the national trust mainly bought up the wilder shores to preserve their wildness , which is why you won’t find any popular resorts among them . this suits barkham’s taste , because his childhood holidays were partly spent on scolt head island , off the emptiest part of the norfolk coast — an island with only one hut , where his parents chose to stay . he goes back to stay on scolt alone , evoking not only its emptiness , but also its dreamy union of sea and land — good for meditation for a night or two , though not for a fortnight’s holiday . he also waxes fondly on the loneliness of beaches and headlands . he even has a love affair with orford ness , suffolk , a radar spying station kept top-secret and out of bounds by the ministry of defence for 80 years . he likes the spookiness of its decaying laboratories , toxic testing sites and the tales that were told about the secret base called cobra mist , which was rumoured to have housed the ufo that supposedly landed in nearby rendlesham forest in 1980 . but who would want to visit the ness now we can , heaven alone knows . barkham sails keenly for two of the inhabited islands off the coast . lindisfarne and its attendant islands were places of monkish contemplation for saints aidan and cuthbert . lundy , with a permanent population of 28 get-away-from-it enthusiasts , in summertime adds 60,000 visitors , who come to see the puffins . he loves the cliffs and chasms off cornwall . walking the tops of them is , he says , ‘ the next best thing to flying’ . when i was young , we stared with fascination at another mysterious island because no one was allowed to land on it . brownsea island , in poole harbour , had belonged since the 1920s to the eccentric mrs christie . for 40 years , she kept all human beings out ( with an armed guard ) , while allowing only animals running wild to share it with her . when she died , in 1961 , the trust was given the island by the treasury in lieu of death duties . it took nearly 50 years to clear the wild rhododendron that had overrun it . now , it is partly open as a nature reserve , but it lacks its old mystery now it’s no longer surrounded by notices , saying : ‘ keep out ! ’ barkham has provided a tempting introduction to many little-known stretches of our coastline , with helpful instructions on how to get to them ( although they do not include places to stay ) . he is the right man to salute the preservation of our coast : the national trust’s miles are the only part we actually have the right to stand on as common land . the rest of the waterline belongs to the crown estate . as a true coast-lover , barkham once proposed to a girlfriend by drawing the invitation in the sand and taking her up a dune to read it . she said : ‘yes’ .  