it 's the $ 65 million crime thriller that claims to tell the true story of the most infamous and violent criminal in the history of south boston , james ' whitey ' bulger . but ' black mass ' , the upcoming film starring johnny depp and dakota johnson , has already upset the families of some of bulger 's many victims ahead of its release in september . steven davis , 57 , of milton , and his relatives are sure bulger killed his sister , debra davis , in 1981 , despite the jury returning a ' no finding ' verdict . following the release of the first black mass trailer this week , mr davis told the boston globe he and his family are upset and offended that people will be profiting from their tragedy . scroll down for video . hurt : steven davis holds up a photo of his dead sister , debra davis , who he believes was murdered by whitey bulger in 1981 . his family are upset that bulger 's exploits have been made into a move , black mass . first look : davis spoke out following the release this week of the first trailer for black mass , which showed johnny depp for the first time as whitey bulger . unrecognizable : in the trailer , depp is completely transformed for the role . he looks several years older , with grey slicked back hair and his brown eyes changes to a grey-blue . bulger pictured in a 1973 mugshot , right . murdered : debra davis was the girlfriend of bulger 's second-in-command , and bulger allegedly killed her because he believed she knew too much about their crime ring , which involved corrupt cops . ' a lot of the families are very , very upset about this , ' davis told the globe . ' i do n't like it one bit . . . . everybody seems to be profiting off it . ' it 's sad for the movie industry , it 's sad for the actors . ' with bulger 's reign of terror throughout the city from the 1970 's , davis said it was too early to relive such atrocities . ' it 's too much hurt still going on , ' he told the newspaper . ' it 's still too new to the heart for people . ' another major point davis makes is that the film glamorizes bulger , who was an fbi informant from 1975 to 1990 . ' he was a piece of ( expletive ) anyway , ' davis said . ' the only reason he had the power to do what he did was because the fbi was protecting him . ' the movie industry and the actors , they 're the ones making the money . ' it 's another ( expletive ) slap in the face , that 's what we 're getting paid . another slap in the face . ' dead : debra davis was 26-years-old when she was killed in south boston in 1981 . hollywood portrayal : black mass , starring johnny depp , is based on the 2001 book , black mass : the true story of an unholy alliance between the fbi and the irish mob , written by dick lehr and gerard o'neill . debra davis was 26-years-old when she died . she was the girlfriend of stephen ' the rifleman ' flemmi , bulger 's second lieutenant . flemmi testified at bulger 's murder trial in 2013 that he delivered davis to bulger to be killed . flemmi had ' blurted out ' to his girlfriend about the arrangement he and bulger had with john connolly , the corrupt ex-fbi agent who enabled the winter hill gang 's criminal activities for years . when news of this got back to bulger , he decided she had to die , flemmi testified . flemmi said he was meant to kill davis himself , but after luring her to a house in south boston , he realized he could n't do it . that 's when , he claims , bulger strangled her to death . after the killing , flemmi testified , bulger ' went upstairs and laid down ' while he cleaned up the crime scene , wgbh news reported . at his home outside boston , steven davis holds a magnum 357 bullet he says was given to him by boston area gangster james ' whitey ' bulger in 1982 -- a gesture davis perceived as a veiled threat from bulger . they removed her clothes , wrapped her in a tarp and buried her in a makeshift grave . flemmi said bulger stood by and watched as he and some other associated dug the grave . however bulger strongly denied killing davis and was not found guilty . black mass is based on the 2001 book , black mass : the true story of an unholy alliance between the fbi and the irish mob , written by dick lehr and gerard o'neill . the film also stars joel edgerton , benedict cumberbatch , kevin bacon , peter sarsgaard and dakota johnson . bulger topped the fbi 's most wanted list for 16 years before he was finally arrested in 2011 . he had a long career of run-ins with the law , dating all the way back to when he was just 14 years old . in the early 70s , after spending nine years in prison for armed robbery and truck hijacking , bulger returned to boston and joined a prominent irish mob in south boston . captured : bulger pictured on the left in 2011 , after he was finally arrested after 16 years on the run . he is currently imprisoned in a maximum security prison in florida . depp on the right . as he became climbed up the rankings of the mob , bulger was recruited in the mid 1970s to become an informant for the fbi , supplying the bureau with information on a rival crime family . then in 1997 , bulger was outed as an informant in newspaper reports and he went on the run when his own handler said he was about to be hit with an indictment . for the next 16 years , bulger evaded law enforcement until he was finally caught on june 22 , 2011 at a santa monica , california apartment he shared with his longtime girlfriend . he went on trial two years later on 32 counts of racketeering , money laundering , extortion , weapons charges , and ties to 19 murders . he was found guilty on 31 of those charges in august and sentenced to two consecutive life in prison sentences in november 2013 . the 84-year-old is currently incarcerated at an all-male federal high-security prison in sumterville , florida . jack nicholson 's character in the oscar-winning film the departed is thought to be loosely based on bulger .     