a humble wooden deckchair recovered from the doomed titanic has sold for £100,350 at auction . the nantucket wooden chair , which once sat on a first-class promenade of the ill-fated ship , was salvaged by a search team from the atlantic ocean after the titanic sank in 1912 . dubbed ' one of the rarest types of titanic collectable ' , the chair is too fragile to sit on , but has been carefully preserved , having been owned by a british collector for the past 15 years . a 103-year-old deckchair recovered from the wreck of the titanic is expected sold for £100,000 at auction . the ship 's log records six or seven deckchairs being picked up and taken back to port in halifax , nova scotia . one was given by a crew member to captain julien lemarteleur , who had previously worked on board the mackay-bennett . the anonymous seller kept it by a large window overlooking the sea at his home on the south coast , never sat on it due to its fragile state and instead used it as a display item . it was sold yesterday at henry aldridge and son auction house in devizes , wiltshire , to a uk buyer . andrew aldridge , of auctioneers henry aldridge and son , described the piece as one of ' the most important [ bits ] of titanic memorabilia around ' . he said : ' it is incredibly rare to find something of that size that was on titanic , was salvaged and that still exists today . six or seven recovered deckchairs were stacked on the deck of the mackay-bennett as it arrived in nova scotia . titanic ( above ) sank with the loss of 1,522 lives four hours after it struck on iceberg at 10.20pm on april 14 . it has a five pointed star on top of it , which was the emblem of white star line - the company that owned the titanic . he said that he was ' very , very pleased ' with the price . the chair is made of teak wood and has an adjustable footrest at the front . it is 57 inches long , 23 inches wide and 35 inches tall . it has a five pointed star on top of it , which was the emblem of white star line - the company that owned the titanic . upon his death in 1973 , capt lemarteleur gave the chair to colleague captain robin lee . the current owner acquired it in 2001 . sold with the chair was an in depth ' provenance package ' that authenticates history and association with titanic . captain julien lemarteleur ( above ) , who collected the chair from the mackay-bennett more than 100 years ago . it includes a signed affidavit from margarete pennington , who was mr lemarteleur 's housekeeper in the 1960s . in it she states : ' i personally saw the deckchair that captain lemarteleur told me about on many occasions . he said that various pieces of debris taken from the ocean including this titanic deckchair he acquired . ' i recognise the chair as the same chair i saw in the captain 's garage and of which the captain identified as coming from the titanic . ' craig sopin , 57 , a lawyer from philadelphia , owns one of the world 's largest collections of titanic memorabilia . he also authenticated the chair and said : ' it is n't often that one has the opportunity to acquire such an important part of titanic 's story . ' for such a significant item to have such a meticulous chain of custody is nothing short of astonishing . its history can be traced from the auction house back to titanic itself . ' titanic sank with the loss of 1,522 lives four hours after it struck on iceberg at 10.20pm on april 14 . a ship , the carpathia , picked up more than 700 survivors in lifeboats hours later and took them back to new york . white star line chartered four ships , including the halifax-based cable-laying vessel the mackay-bennett , to recover the bodies .   