an image of a woman breastfeeding her toddler while sitting on the toilet with her trousers around her ankles has caused a storm on the internet . originally posted on instagram and then shared on the facebook page of life of dad , which describes itself as ' the social network for dads ' , the picture has now been shared more than 25,000 times and has been liked on facebook more than 211,000 times . alabama-born mom-of-two elisha wilson beach , is pictured breastfeeding her daughter in the image . the picture has divided those who 've seen it with many criticizing the mother for her unapologetic approach to multi-tasking . wilson beach is the wife of tv actor michael beach , known for his roles on sons of anarchy , third watch and er . scroll down for video . the chaos of motherhood laid bare : mum-of-two elisha wilson beach , from los angeles , shared this photo of herself breastfeeding her toddler daughter while on the toilet . the image has since gone viral . unapologetic : elisha wilson beach posted the image alongside a series of hashtags to explain her reasons for posting the image including # confessionsofamom , # ididthat and # iamnotsorry . debate : the image , which has attracted more than 25,000 shares on facebook has provoked debate . alongside the image are the words : ' this is motherhood and it ai n't always pretty . what 's your # momtruth ? # motherhood # motherhoodaintpretty # tmi # confessionsofamom # ididthat # iamnotsorry ' . the snap has divided the internet community with much of the online furore focused around hygiene . one facebook user , amanda martin , wrote : ' i would never ever breastfeed my child in the bathroom . it 's unsanitary regardless . ' stick your kid in the crib until you 're done , or pump it and give it to them . ' another , karen bryce , chimed in : ' how can you say this picture is beautiful ? i think its very distasteful . ' would you allow your partner to take a picture of you while doing the toilet ? and then post it for all to see ? ' on twitter , the image has also been doing the rounds with one user , @ seankessie , saying : ' so disgusting , see photo of a mother breastfeeding her child while using the toilet . ' while another , @ willtwerk4food , expressed their dismay at the whole scene saying : ' it 's the breastfeeding ... the tampons on the floor ... her being on the toilet ... just everything . ' wilson beach is the wife of tv actor michael beach , best known for his roles on third watch , sons of anarchy and er . divisive : many people took to twitter to voice their opinions on the image including @ seankessie , who called the shot ' disgusting ' . this user , @ willtwerk4food , complains about the general disarray of the bathroom as well as the nursing . there were also plenty of comments suggesting that wilson beach was n't actually breastfeeding and that it was her elbow in the shot , something which the mother herself quickly cleared up . posting her own riposte to the criticism on facebook , she said : ' this is my picture and yes i am breastfeeding . ' i shared it on instagram knowing that some people would think it 's tmi but it 's reality . wilson beach , who describes herself on instagram as ' a mom , wife , arts educator , foodie , nauralista and more ' adds : ' everybody complains that social media is full of people pretending to live picture perfect lives and i see so many mothers doubting themselves based on those photos . she continued : ' well , this is reality and so many mothers are doing this exact thing right now . motherhood ai n't pretty but then that 's what makes it so beautiful . ' the overwhelming reaction has been supportive though with many praising wilson beach 's honesty for showing how demanding life can be with a young child . in 2014 , students at the university of north texas created when nurture calls campaign encouraging mothers not to retreat to the bathroom when nursing their children . on facebook , katrina l pleasant-wheatley wrote : ' this pretty much sums up mommyhood ' , while another user , alicia ringsaker , added : ' to the people calling this unsanitary or gross , most people brush their teeth in the bathroom and leave their toothbrushes in the bathroom . ' how is this gross and not that ? breasts are way more sanitary in the bathroom than your toothbrushes . ' there was also love for wilson beach on twitter , with ‏ @ joytammy writing : ' what is wrong with this photo ? this beautiful mother was pictured breastfeeding her baby in the toilet . ' last year , a powerful ad campaign showed women nursing their babies in toilets in a bid to persuade people that women should n't be shamed into retreating into public bathrooms to breastfeed . the when nurture calls campaign was launched to show ' mothers who have been harassed to the point where they feel they have no other option but to nurture their baby in the restroom as to not offend anyone . ' it pointed out that ' a baby should never be nurtured where nature calls . '