a mother-of-two who posted pictures of her post-pregnancy stretchmarks on instagram to inspire others was horrified after they were removed for breaching the site 's decency guidelines . hannah moore , 20 , of broxburn in west lothian , uploaded the snaps in a bid to boost her confidence and told her followers : ' nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful ' . but only two minutes later , the mum of twins claims her account was deleted because the images were deemed to contain inappropriate ' nudity and violence ' . hannah moore , 20 , of broxburn in west lothian , had suffered stretchmarks after having twins , and had posted the images in a bid to boost her confidence . ' nobody should be judged by their size because everyone is beautiful ' : the mum-of-twins had posted the images with an inspirational caption , and was shocked when they were removed due to ' nudity and violence ' . hannah says the blocking of her account has made her think her body is ' clearly fat , ugly and disgusting and it made people feel sick ' . she said : ' two minutes after the picture was uploaded my account got closed down , my mouth just dropped and my eyes watered . ' i do n't know why , it was out of the blue but i decided to post a picture of my belly on instagram because i 've had twins . ' i had written underneath the picture how unconfident i had always been , how relationships have been hard and how hard it is to find clothes that i like . ' the 20-year-old had had suffered stretchmarks after having twins and wanted a confidence boost , but after posting images ( pictured right ) , her account was immediately shut down . ' instagram should be more careful in whose accounts they delete and look into it further ' : moore was devastated by instagram 's decision to delete her account . she continued : ' i want not just myself but other women thin or bigger to love themselves and love their size because everyone is beautiful . ' instagram should be more careful whose accounts they delete and look into it further . ' hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls lily and grace with fiance david johnstone , 22 , in june last year . she posted the pictures on wednesday but her account was immediately shut down . she said : ' i basically wrote that people should never get judged for the size and what they look like because everyone is beautiful ' . ' the picture was up two minutes until my instagram logged out itself and then it came up saying my account has been shut down because of violations . ' nobody could get on my instagram and nobody could search for it so someone had obviously reported the picture for nudity - all it was was a picture of my belly and it has just took my confidence away . ' hannah suffered from stretch marks after giving birth to twin girls lily and grace with fiance david johnstone , 22 ( pictured right ) , in june last year . she added : ' it was just me saying that nobody should ever get judged no matter what size they are . ' i felt so confident posting the picture showing my baby belly , my belly that carried twin girls for only six months . ' instagram 's community guidelines state : ' we know that there are times when people might want to share nude images that are artistic or creative in nature , but for a variety of reasons , we do n't allow nudity on instagram . ' photos of post-mastectomy scarring and women actively breastfeeding are allowed . ' but hannah believes she is not in breach of these guidelines despite her account being shut down . instagram has admitted the incident was ' a technical mistake ' and has re-instated hannah 's account . hannah , who was bullied during school for her weight , has been left with no confidence . she said : ' it made me think that my body is clearly fat , ugly and disgusting and it made people feel sick . ' i wrote that no one should ever get judged or brought down by their size because it should n't matter . ' now that nice weather is here i still feel that i need to cover myself up . i ca n't go out without covering my arms or legs , i just feel like people are looking at me and are disgusted . ' instagram has admitted the incident was ' a technical mistake ' and has re-instated hannah 's account . a spokeswoman said : ' it was a technical mistake and the account has been restored . '