arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny had more than one reason to celebrate on saturday . just hours after he had played the full 120 minutes it took for the gunners to grind out a 2-1 win in extra-time over reading in a tense fa cup semi-final , szczesny was treated to a lovely birthday surprise courtesy of his singer-songwriter girlfriend mariana luczenko . the poland international , now 25 , was joined at his home by family and friends as well as one of his favourite rock bands , ' lemon ' , who delivered a private performance . wojciech szczesny is all smiles as he and girlfriend mariana luczenko enjoy a drink in their garden . szczesny is treated to a private birthday performance by polish band , lemon , at his home in london . szczesny is joined by friends and family for a special 25th birthday surprise following the fa cup semi-final . an impressive spread of food and drink is on offer at szczesny 's london home as part of his birthday bash . pictures of szczesny 's arsenal career hang from the ceiling in a touching tribute to the goalkeeper . there are also pictures from szczesny 's childhood and family holidays as the goalkeeper turns 25 . szczesny was clearly touched by the efforts of his girlfriend and took to instagram on monday to thank her . ' best birthday ever ! ' he wrote . arsenal 's triumph over reading sees them reach the fa cup final for the second consecutive season , having also won the competition last year against hull city . this year , it will be tim sherwood 's aston villa who stand between the gunners and more glory , after they defeated liverpool in the other semi-final on sunday . szczesny joined arsenal 's academy in 2006 from hometown club legia warsaw and graduated to the first-team in three years later . although he has racked up nearly 200 appearances for the north london outfit since then , this season has raised question marks over szczesny 's long-term future . he was caught smoking in the wake of arsenal 's 2-0 premier league loss at southampton on new year 's day and has only made cup appearances since then . factor in the form of fellow goalkeeper david ospina , who inherited szczesny 's role in the league and there is a cloud of uncertainty around the polish stopper . szczesny prepares to blow out candles on the cake presented to him by his girlfriend . szczesny makes a wish as the cake his held by luczenko during the birthday celebrations on saturday . the arsenal goalkeeper and his girlfriend pose in front of a pair of balloons during the birthday celebrations . 