young professional footballers can be an easy target with some of their behaviour but on thursday afternoon it was refreshing to sit down and talk with danny welbeck . he struck me as a thoroughly decent young man who lives his life the right way . he is a credit to his family and his easy-going manner means he must a dream to work with . we discussed life at arsenal , scoring against manchester united and his fa cup dreams . you can watch the full interview on football focus on bbc one today at 12.10pm and reading’s semi-final with arsenal live on bbc one from 5.05pm . danny welbeck talks to sportsmail 's martin keown ahead of arsenal 's fa cup semi-final against reading . martin keown : you’ve played at wembley many times and you’ve played in a semi-final as well but you’re now one step away from an fa cup final . does that bring extra nerves ? danny welbeck : not really . i think we’ve basically just got to play the game , not the occasion . the team was in this position last year and coming up against wigan proved to be one of the toughest games of the season . against reading today is going to be another tough game . we’ve just got to approach it the right way and we want to get through to the final . welbeck expects a tough test as arsenal face a championship side at wembley for the second year in a row . keown : how are you settling in ? you seem to have been here all your life almost and you’ve only been here seven or eight months . welbeck : the staff at the club , at the training ground and everyone has been very welcoming . the fans have been brilliant . my team-mates are class and i’m just really enjoying my time here . i’ve settled in very well . it’s a transitional year for me , getting to know new players , new team-mates , new systems and new ways of going about things at a different club . i think i’ve put in a few good performances . i’ve been unlucky on the club front with goals and that’s something i know will come in abundance when i get to know everything spot on with the club and i’m pretty sure that will happen . the arsenal striker thinks he has been unlucky in front of goal , but wants to play in a more central role . keown : you talk about goals , you’re playing in a wide position . what’s your favourite position ? welbeck : it’s no secret i prefer to play down the middle . but the formation we play at arsenal , you’re playing on the left or the right . we’re always interchanging , playing in a three-man attack . it’s much easier doing that than playing left midfield or left wing in a four-man midfield . keown : wenger has worked with lots of strikers over the years and been able to develop them . what’s the area that he’s working on most with you most of all ? welbeck : we talk about the game , we analyse performances and on the training pitch we’ve also got the other staff here so after training we do a bit of individual work so that happens every day . you are always looking at ways to improve as a player , to develop and i feel like i am developing well as a player . welbeck , who says he has been made to feel very welcome at arsenal , holds of nacho monreal in training . keown : is it your movement he works on ? is it holding up the ball ? finishing ? or is it a combination ? welbeck : it’s a combination of everything . you don’t just work on one thing . every single day all the lads after training go out and do finishing . keown : does that become competitive ? to see who can score the most goals ? welbeck : yeah it does ! it gets competitive but it’s obviously all fun . but at the end of the day nobody wants to come last . we work on a lot of areas of our game . like his team-mate theo walcott , welbeck is often forced out wide , despite preferring being a central striker . keown : in the last round you put out manchester united . how did it feel to score at old trafford ? welbeck : it was a weird occasion for me going to back to old trafford on the away side . the weirdest thing was warming up on the other side of the pitch . it just felt a bit weird . but you have to treat it like it’s any other game and play the game , not the occasion . obviously i was going back to a club that brought me up and going back to the fans that supported me for years , playing against old team-mates , my old friends , it was a weird occasion . but i scored the goal , a big goal to get us through to the semi-final . so it was a spur of the moment to celebrate . the english international scored the winning goal on his return to old trafford in the quarter finals last month . keown : did it cross your mind not to celebrate ? welbeck : leading up to the game i had no plans whatsoever . i just wanted to play the game , get it over and done with and get through to wembley and get to the semi-final . that’s what happened . i scored the goal and whatever i did i would have been criticised – criticised if i celebrated or criticised if i didn’t . it was just spur of the moment . keown : against manchester united you seemed extra motivated . was it anything to do with louis van gaal’s comments before the match ? welbeck : i didn’t see the comments . going into every game i want to be motivated . playing against manchester united – i did it earlier in the season at the emirates – and then it was a bit different this time going back to old trafford . there was motivation there but i’m motivated in every game . i want to do well for my team , try and win the game and in that case get through to the semi-final . listen , everyone is entitled to their own opinions , some you like , some you don’t like but that’s just football and it’s life . you deal with it . welbeck celebrates in front of his old fans , a decision he says was entirely spur of the moment . keown : i think you showed a lot of mental strength going into that situation . it’s always difficult going back . welbeck : you’ve got to be strong mentally living the life and being a professional footballer . there’s a lot of people out to get you and whatever you do , everyone’s watching . you’ve just got to be switched on 100 per cent of the time . that’s just the way i’ve been brought up . my parents are lovely , caring people and they look after me well , they brought me up well and it’s the same with me and my brothers that’s credit to them . the striker has quickly become a favourite at the emirates , and he thanked the fans for their support . keown : this weekend it’s reading . have you looked much at their team ? welbeck : you get to watch a few games throughout the season . i know they’ve got players with premier league experience . i’ve seen them a couple of games this season being a bit direct . [ pavel ] pogrebnyak’s a player they look for quite often from the back and the wingers will be coming inside to get the ball and flick-ons . hal robson-kanu plays a bit more inside and [ gareth ] mccleary is a bit more out and out on the right wing . welbeck has been working hard in training to try and improve his finishing , along with his team-mates . keown : good knowledge… . welbeck : yeah i know quite a lot about football ! keown : as a centre forward or a winger , do you look for the weaknesses in the opposition ? welbeck : you’ve got to analyse the positives and negatives in every single team . you look at that and obviously see where you can nullify their attack and see where their weaknesses are at the back . the gunners forward picked out pavel pogrebnyak as one of reading 's most dangerous players . keown : how much would it mean to you to get to the fa cup final ? welbeck : it would mean a lot . i’ve been in this position before with man united when we played everton in the semi-finals a few years back and we lost on penalties . i remember the situation , i remember how i felt that day and that’s something i don’t want to feel again . i just want to get to the next stage , get to the final . this is a very important game so we’re all looking forward to it , we’re going to approach it like it’s any other and play the game not the occasion . 