a footballer died in a freak accident when he slid off the pitch after being tackled and slammed his head on the clubhouse wall . ben hiscox , 30 , was playing a home game for stoke gifford united in bristol on saturday when he slipped on the wet ground following the tackle and crashed into the building . the striker was knocked unconscious and rushed to intensive care for urgent treatment . but , three days later , he suffered two seizures and died in hospital . tragic : ben hiscox , 30 , ( pictured left and right with a teammate ) died yesterday , three days after hitting his head on the clubhouse wall during a home football match at stoke gifford united in bristol . his team-mates had gone to secure a 4-1 victory against mangotsfields sports , not realising their fellow player had been fatally injured . the defender involved in the tackle was too shaken to carry on playing , the club said . tributes have since flooded in for mr hiscox , who was described by his club as a ' total legend ' . close friend and club vice-chairman ben bennett said : ' no one is blaming anyone . it was just a tragic accident . ' the incident unfolded about 55 minutes into the game as mr hiscox and his opponent both charged down the right wing towards the ball . as mr hiscox crossed the ball into the box , he was tackled by the defender and hit the floor . he then slid into the clubhouse , where his head which thrown backwards against the wall . mr bennett said mr hiscox was knocked unconscious for five minutes but managed to move himself away from the pitch . four ambulances then rushed to the scene to take him to southmead hospital , bristol . in hospital , mr hiscox was given medication to sedate him and , by monday , was showing signs of improvement . he was moved out of intensive care but died the next day . mr hiscox , who worked in insurance , leaves behind a partner and six-year-old step-daughter . ' total legend ' : mr hiscox ( pictured left and right with who is believed to be his partner ) , who worked in insurance , leaves behind a partner and six-year-old step-daughter . last night , around 100 people gathered at the ground to pay tribute to mr hiscox . the player had been part of the amateur club since he was a teenager . mr bennett , 33 , said : ' he was a big part of the club and the team here . ' he had been part of the club for a long time , since he was about 16 . he was a total legend and one of the nicest guys i have ever met . ' everyone that met him liked him . he was one of the nicest blokes you could know . no one had a bad word to say about him . ' he just got on with everyone . it is a sad day for the club and we 're all thinking of him and his family . ' speaking about the incident , he added : ' he was running towards the byline and he went to cross the ball into the box . collision : the striker was knocked unconscious after hitting the wall ( pictured above ) and rushed to intensive care for urgent treatment . accident : his team-mates went on to secure a 4-1 victory at the ground ( pictured ) against mangotsfields sports , not realising their fellow player had been fatally injured . ' a defender went running over - they were both going for the ball . they nudged and both went down . ben slid across the ground and hit his back on the clubhouse . the forced whipped his head backwards . ' it was just a coming together . it was no different to any other tackle really . ' he was unconscious for about five minutes . when he came to he did n't know where he was . he was being sick and people were quite worried about him . ' he managed to get up and walk over to the sideline though . an ambulance arrived in about eight minutes - they drove on to the pitch to help him . ' he added : ' no one thought it would have ended up like this . the club have been playing there for nearly 10 years and nothing even close to this has ever happened . tributes : floral tributes have been left at the scene for the 30-year-old . around 100 people gathered on tuesday night at the ground to pay tribute to mr hiscox . never forgotten : one touching note left at the scene read : ' you will never be forgotten by anyone ' . mr hiscox had been part of the club since he was a teenager . ' i 've been in situations like this before - you think there is n't much to it . the game stopped for about half an hour . some players wanted to carry on while others did n't . ' the defender in the tackle did n't play for the rest of the game . he was shaken up . the other club have been really good . they were calling and emailing to check that he was okay . ' tributes also came in from former club bristol manor farm fc , where mr hiscox played between 2008 and 2010 . manor farm 's club secretary andy radford said : ' he was the life and soul of the party and a brilliant guy . ' he was not only a great goal scorer , but a great guy - if you were feeling down he would cheer you up . ' he is one of the players that you just do n't forget ; he was an absolute all-round great bloke . ' his infectious humour always brightened up your day and made you feel better . ' my condolences are with his family and friends . it is just such a terribly sad thing to have happened . '