early in the build-up to aston villa’s winning goal on sunday , steven gerrard challenged for successive headers in the centre circle and lost both . that doesn’t mean he was at fault for what happened in the subsequent 20 seconds but it was illustrative nevertheless of a long , sapping afternoon for liverpool and their fading captain . gerrard’s time at liverpool will now end in anti-climax . the chances are that he will say his farewells via a series of short cameos , many of them as a substitute . steven gerrard was denied the chance of a happy ending as aston villa beat liverpool at wembley . liverpool captain gerrard reacts as tom cleverley celebrates aston villa 's victory on sunday . gerrard looks on dejected as his liverpool career draws to an antic-climatic close at wembley . by the time the fa cup final rolls around next month his thoughts will already have turned to a new life in california . his manager brendan rodgers said after his team’s defeat that gerrard had been excellent . sadly , that isn’t true . gerrard was poor throughout , unable to shift the momentum of a liverpool performance that will rank as one of the great disappointments of the club’s recent years . if rodgers had hoped for a display from gerrard that would fit the rather romantic narrative of him returning to wembley on his birthday then he was disappointed . gerrard’s efforts fitted not the occasion but instead a liverpool team showing that was low on energy , wit or strategy . for the latter , of course , rodgers himself must take the blame . gerrard was disappointing in midfield , as he has been all season , but brendan rodgers must take the blame . gerrard was deployed in a number of different roles by rodgers ( right ) throughout the contest . without a trophy for the third season running and unlikely to qualify for the champions league , this is a campaign that must now be labelled a failure . as such , rodgers will head in to the summer under gently increasing pressure at anfield to produce something tangible next time round . certainly , rodgers failed spectacularly here at wembley and , as such , his sense of regret will mirror that of his captain . 0 . brendan rodgers is the first liverpool manager since phil taylor in 1956-59 to not win a trophy in his first three seasons . 3 . dejan lovren had the joint-most shots for liverpool in this game ( three , level with steven gerrard ) . 4 . mario balotelli was flagged offside four times , more than any other player in the game , despite only coming on at half-time . 3 . liverpool managed just three shots on target in the game . 12 . liverpool have won 12 of 31 games ( 39 per cent ) when steven gerrard has started this season , compared to 13 of 21 ( 62 per cent ) when he hasn’t . 18 . despite playing the full 90 minutes , raheem sterling managed just 18 passes in the match — the fewest of any player in the starting 22 . rodgers changed his formation after 20 minutes on sunday . villa had begun the game strongly and liverpool couldn’t get the ball . then , at half-time , he rolled his dice again , sending on mario balotelli and moving raheem sterling from a centre forward role that always seems so alien to him . rodgers pointed out that he has done this before , stressed that his changes weren’t indicative of his own errant planning . it was hard to agree , though . the irishman can be a clever coach but on sunday he didn’t appear so . rather he looked a little muddled , unable to turn a game that only ever looked as though it may go liverpool’s way for the six minutes they spent in the lead following philippe coutinho’s first half goal . facing a team and a young manager with a firm game plan that centred on the muscularity and threat of centre forward christian benteke , rodgers seemed not to have one of his own . missing daniel sturridge through injury once again , rodgers chose to overlook his three alternatives – balotelli , fabio borini and rickie lambert – in favour of a front three featuring sterling in the central role . it was a familiar look but equally it is a system that rarely appears to suit liverpool . it asks too much of sterling as well as taking him from the wide position from which he always looks most dangerous . when villa had the ball and moved forwards energetically through the excellent fabian delph and jack grealish , they did so in great number , flooding the final third of the pitch with claret and blue . liverpool , on the other hand , couldn’t replicate it , their full-backs too deep and sterling too often drowning in a sea of aston villa shirts . to play without a focal point is very difficult , especially in a game where the stakes are so high . as sturridge continues to struggle for health , liverpool’s problems in that area – given the complete lack of faith in his supposed understudies – are very real and to solve that in the transfer market without the promise of champions league football to use as bait will be some challenge for liverpool’s much-discussed transfer committee . aston villa players chase goalscorer fabian delph after the england midfielder made it 2-1 . ashley westwood and cleverley celebrate with delph following his crucial fa cup semi-final goal . liverpool captain gerrard sinks to his knees after seeing his side fall to a 2-1 defeat at wembley stadium . rodgers is the first liverpool manager since 1956-1959 not to win a trophy in his first three seasons . gerrard begins to say his goodbyes as his liverpool career edges closer to an anti-climatic end . gerrard leaves the pitch following his side 's 2-1 fa cup semi-final defeat by villa at wembley . for a time at wembley – a very short time – it looked as though coutinho and jordan henderson may haul liverpool to where they needed to be . their goal came on the back of a short period of better play when it went in off the knee of villa substitute jores okore and it seemed as though rodgers’ players would build off that platform . but as rodgers conceded himself afterwards , too many of his team fell short . it’ s a problem that has shown itself before in key games – namely against chelsea at the end of last season and at home to manchester united last month . “ it looked as though the occasion got to us , ” said rodgers . “ that can happen and we’ve come up short in a few games . “ the focus can go awry . we were too passive . ” a startling admission from a liverpool manager , it was nevertheless hard to disagree . villa had the edge from the get-go , they had brightness to their play , they played only with ambition and optimism . there was not a hint of fear . on the touchline in the second half , rodgers was unable to change things . the balotelli substitution did not work , emre can’s deployment at full-back gave liverpool nothing while lambert’s introduction in the 90th minute came so late as to be rather pointless . belatedly there was some pressure but it lacked conviction . there was no cavalry charge and gerrard’s late free-kick – his one chance to make an impression – was as limp as it was by then rather predictable . for liverpool’s titan , the season’s end can not now come quickly enough . delph and team-mate westwood celebrate their fa cup win over liverpool at wembley . rodgers shouts instructions at his players , but to no avail as liverpool slump to defeat at wembley . gerrard almost snatched a dramatic equaliser with four minutes left , but his header was cleared off the line .