lionel messi is not the best player in the world , neither is cristiano ronaldo - that title belongs to paris saint-germain forward javier pastore , according to eric cantona . making a rare foray into discussing football matters , manchester united legend cantona delivered his surprising verdict that the argentine was the ‘ most creative’ player in the world . ‘ the best player in the world , the most exciting player in the world , is [ javier ] pastore from paris saint-germain , ’ said cantona , ‘ why ? because i watched two games just to see pastore playing , giving passes . he has got something special . because football is interactive , it 's why football is so popular , i think . ’ javier pastore ( right ) celebrates after winning the french league cup with psg last saturday . the argentina international is the best player in the world , according to former striker eric cantona . the former manchester united forward was speaking at the laureus world sports awards in shanghai . pastore , who cost the french league leaders £29million , has three goals and five assists this season compared with messi’s 45 goals for barcelona and cristiano ronaldo’s 51 for spanish rivals real madrid . but statistics did not colour cantona’s assessment . ‘ pastore can do things that the other ones do n't know , he does things that surprise you every time . not only in scoring goals , spectacular goals - everything . just passing . he 's a very creative player . he 's the most creative player , i think , in the world today . it 's why i think he 's the best player in the world , because i love this kind of player . ’ cantona was third in the ballon d’or in 1993 behind roberto baggio and dennis bergkamp . he won the premier league four times with united before retiring from playing aged 30 . no stranger to prompting debate , cantona invited more controversy by suggesting spain had only won the world cup because of the influence of barcelona on the national team . cristiano ronaldo was crowned the best player in the world for 2014 at the award ceremony in january . the real madrid forward has scored 51 goals in all competitions this season . barcelona forward lionel messi has also been overlooked by cantona despite netting 45 times this season . ‘ catalonia won the world cup , ’ said cantona , speaking at the laureus world sports awards in shanghai . ‘ spain won it with 10 barcelona players in the team . spain did not win the world cup , catalonia did . barcelona won it . ‘ my grandparents are from catalunya , from barcelona . they arrived in france in '39 . there was a civil war . so , i am very proud of barcelona and all that they have done . ‘i’m sure that as soon as the youth set-up from barcelona and other spanish teams draw new , good players , spain will emerge again . ’ 