stoke boss mark hughes is in no doubt it is high time the club brought their run of fruitless trips to stamford bridge to an end . since gaining promotion to the barclays premier league in 2008 , the potters have played chelsea away eight times in all competitions and lost on every occasion . they did win their last visit to the londoners ' ground previous to that , a league cup triumph in 1995 , but it is not since a 1-1 draw between the two sides in 1984 that stoke have claimed a point there . stoke city manager mark hughes says his side must end their barren run at chelsea . frank lampard ( right ) celebrates as chelsea beat stoke 3-0 on their most recent visit to stamford bridge . adding to that in saturday 's 5.30pm clash at the stadium certainly looks a tall order - leaders chelsea have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season . but hughes , who has seen his 10th-placed side notch victories at the likes of manchester city and tottenham already this term , is adamant stoke must address their poor stamford bridge record . former chelsea striker hughes said : ' it 's not easy . our record there has n't been great - but that could be said of most clubs in the premier league recently . ' i 'm told that the last time we got a positive result there ( in the league ) was 1984 and my first-team coach ( eddie niedzwiecki ) was in goal for chelsea . ' i do n't know what that says about the quality of stoke in those days - or if it questions the ability of my first-team coach ! stoke forward jonathan walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available . marc muniesa is set to return to the squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem . ' but it has been a long time and we need to address that . we have been able to go to the likes of manchester city and tottenham this year ( and get results ) and our away form for the most part has been good . ' we have proved to ourselves that we can go to top clubs and get positive results , and hopefully we will do more of the same at the weekend . ' stoke forward jonathan walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available for saturday 's contest and defender marc muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem . the potters also have victor moses fit again - but he will not be able to feature this weekend as the opposition is the on-loan winger 's parent club . 