a federal judge on thursday ordered california 's corrections department to provide a transsexual convicted murderer with sex change surgery , the first time such an operation has been ordered in the state . according to the spokeswoman for the federal receiver , who controls california prison medical care , the surgery could cost taxpayers as much as $ 100,000 . u.s. district court judge jon tigar in san francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to 51-year-old michelle-lael norsworthy violates her constitutional rights . right to be a woman : u.s. district court judge jon tigar in san francisco ruled that denying sex reassignment surgery to michelle-lael norsworthy , 51 , pictured last year , violates her constitutional rights . her birth name is jeffrey bryan norsworthy . norsworthy has been in prison since 1987 , serving a life sentence for second-degree murder . she has twice delayed her scheduled parole hearings in recent months . the ruling says it would be the second time nationwide that such a surgery has been performed on an inmate , an apparent reference to an inmate who castrated himself in texas then was given the surgery out of necessity . norsworthy has lived as a woman since the 1990s and has what tigar termed severe gender dysphoria . ' the weight of the evidence demonstrates that for norsworthy , the only adequate medical treatment for her gender dysphoria is srs , ' tigar wrote , referring to sex reassignment surgery . he found that the decision by the california department of corrections and rehabilitation to deny the procedure was medically unacceptable under the circumstances . corrections officials said they are considering whether to appeal the ruling . attorneys for norsworthy did immediately comment . paid surgery : michelle-lael norsworthy has been living as a woman since the 1990s and her birth name is jeffrey bryan norsworthy . ' this would be a first for california , said joyce hayhoe , a spokeswoman for the federal receiver who controls california prison medical care . the cost to taxpayers for such surgery is uncertain , she said . ' it 's several tens of thousands of dollars , possibly close to $ 100,000 , depending on the circumstances . but it 's hard to estimate , ' hayhoe said . corrections officials , in previous court filings , argued that norsworthy has received proper medical and mental health care for more than 15 years and is in no immediate medical danger if the surgery is not performed . her care has included counseling , mental health treatment and hormone therapy that the department said ' has changed her physical appearance and voice to that of a woman ' while helping her find her gender identity . that care is consistent with what other judges nationwide have found to be appropriate for transgender inmates , the department said . she currently is housed at mule creek state prison , an all-male prison in ione , 40 miles southeast of sacramento . the sex change surgery will prompt practical problems , the department said . the department also said keeping norsworthy in a men 's prison could invite violence , including possible assault and rape . but she could also face danger at a women 's prison — or pose a threat herself — because she had a history of domestic violence before her murder conviction , the department said . possible danger of rape : she currently is housed at mule creek state prison , an all-male prison in ione , 40 miles southeast of sacramento and there are fears she may be raped when becoming a woman .