a pakistani supermodel has been charged with money laundering offences after she was caught carrying over half a million dollars in islamabad airport . 21-year-old ayyan ali - who has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream - was jailed after a staggering amount of money was discovered in her carry-on bag , the guardian reports . she was charged with attempting to illegally transport more than the legal $ 10,000 cash limit out of the country on march 14 - and has been in a rawalpindi prison since . ali was last seen in public wearing an ' uncharacteristic ' black burka outside court as a horde of fellow models gathered nearby . scroll down for video . illegal : the staggering amount of cash found on ali is way more than the $ 10,000 it is legally allowed to fly out of the country with . arrested : pakistani supermodel ayyan ali ( pictured ) has been in jail since march 14 , when she caught with over $ 500,000 in her carry-on bag in islamabad airport . found out : ali was caught with the money in the vip departure lounge of benazir bhutto international airport ( file photo ) . in recent years she has been one of the most famous models at pakistan fashion week which has been described as a 'three-day extravaganza ' . a former model-turned-public relations guru says the country 's fashionista circles can talk about nothing else . frieha altaf added : ' some are unkind because they are jealous – everyone b*****s about the beautiful people . ' ever since she was caught in the vip departure lounge of benazir bhutto international airport , she has been housed in adiala which is the central prison of the garrison city rawalpindi . officials there have denied claims she is receiving special privileges because of her celebrity status with one officer saying private cells are only made available for government officials and the ' highly educated ' . she has been denied bail to the outrage of her lawyer who said : ' all agencies have interrogated her and she is no more required for any purpose whatsoever . sardar ishaq added : ' she is living with ordinary criminals – ladies involved in murder cases . it will ruin her life . ' many in pakistan 's fashion world think she was manipulated into carrying the money - including the ' grand dame ' of the country 's blossoming industry . unfair : ali 's lawyers say she had yet to check in and was going to hand the money over to her brother before flying . victim ? they claim ali - who has modeled everything from mobile phones to ice cream - is being targeted because of her celebrity status . anger : ' we respect so-called intellectuals but why do n't we respect in this society people who are promoting our culture ? ' one of her lawyers asked furiously . maheen khan said : ' my first reaction was there goes one more girl . a lot of these girls come from very protected families and can be very naive . i think of her as a victim . ' suspicions peaked when she reportedly told a customs court that she was given the money from a businessman with connections in pakistan 's politics . khurram latif khosa - one of the lawyers working on ali 's case - said the money came from a legitimate property sale and the model had no intention of taking it out of the country . he claims she had yet to check into her flight was waiting in the lounge for her brother who was was going to take the cash to karachi . khosa says ali is being unfairly treated by the press and courts because of her position as one of the country 's most glamorous and well-known personalities . gossip : a former model-turned-public relations guru says the country 's fashionista circles can talk about nothing but the supermodel 's arrest . high profile : officials at the adiala prison where she is being kept have denied claims she is receiving special privileges . he said : ' we respect religious scholars , we respect so-called intellectuals but why do n't we respect in this society people who are promoting our culture ? ' she is a cultural ambassador projecting an image of pakistan which is liberal , progressive and can compete with anyone in the world . ' pr powerhouse altaf believes ali has the strength to recover from the ordeal , saying : ' it takes guts as well as beauty to stand up and be a model in this country . ' you have to have the strength to resist the pressure that comes from society , the social stigma , the questions people always have about you . '