samsung retook the lead in the global smartphone market in the first quarter , as gains in emerging market sales helped it overtake apple , a research group said wednesday . idc said samsung sold 82.4 million smartphones in the first three months of the year , for a 24.5 percent market share . however , samsung said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iphones , squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier . samsung retook the lead in the global smartphone market in the first quarter , as gains in emerging market sales helped it overtake apple , a research group said ©jung yeon-je ( afp/file ) samsung sold 82.4m smartphones in the first three months of the year , for a 24.5 percent market share . apple held an 18.2 percent market share after selling 61.2 million iphones . even though the number of handsets sold was down seven percent from a year ago , it outpaced apple , whose iphone sales slipped slightly from the final quarter of 2014 . apple held an 18.2 percent market share in early 2015 after selling 61.2 million iphones . the figures were impacted by seasonal and other factors . samsung notably launched its flagship galaxy s6 and s6 edge phones at the end of the quarter in april , while apple iphone sales dipped compared with the stronger holiday quarter . in the fourth quarter , apple and samsung were virtually tied with around 20 percent of the market each , according to several surveys . ' the challenge made by apple for the top spot in the fourth quarter returned to a clear lead for samsung in the first quarter , despite the soaring global demand for the iphone 6 and 6 plus , ' said idc analyst anthony scarsella . ' samsung 's shipments , given that the s6 was not launched into the market for the full quarter , were driven by large volumes into emerging markets and steady demand for its midrange and lower-priced smartphones . ' chinese manufacturer lenovo was third after completing its acquisition of motorola from google . its 5.6 percent market share placed it ahead of fellow chinese group huawei , with 5.0 percent , and south korea 's lg at 4.6 percent . idc said the overall global smartphone market grew 16.7 percent from a year earlier , with total shipments of 337 million units . ' apple soared 40 percent annually ... apple 's new iphone 6 portfolio is flying off the shelves in china and the united states , its two biggest markets , ' said neil mawston at strategy analytics ©peter parks ( afp/file ) strategy analytics , which released a similar report , said the figures show apple is a ' star ' performer because it posted strong sales compared with the same period last year . ' apple soared 40 percent annually ... apple 's new iphone 6 portfolio is flying off the shelves in china and the united states , its two biggest markets , ' said neil mawston at strategy analytics . microsoft meanwhile struggled as it took over the nokia brand of mobile phones , once the world 's biggest , according to the research firm . figures for microsoft smartphone sales were not included in the two surveys but the company said it sold 8.6 million lumia handsets in the quarter , only about half the total of huawei . samsung notably launched its flagship galaxy s6 and s6 edge phones at the end of the quarter in april , while apple iphone sales dipped compared with the stronger holiday quarter ©manan vatsyayana ( afp/file ) in the broader market , ' microsoft 's eight percent global mobile phone market share is sitting near an all-time low , ' said ken hyers at strategy analytics . ' microsoft continues to lose ground in feature phones , while its lumia smartphone portfolio is in a holding pattern awaiting the launch of new windows 10 software later this year . ' juniper research said meanwhile it expects samsung 's performance to improve in the coming months because ' the s6 and the s6 edge have had a better reception than the s5 . ' juniper said blackberry lost further ground , delivering just 1.5 million handsets in the quarter . it came as samsung electronics co. said its first quarter net profit plunged 39 percent as consumers switched to bigger iphones , squeezing earnings from its mobile business to less than half what they were a year earlier . the company reported wednesday that its january-march net profit was 4.63 trillion won ( $ 4.35 billion ) , compared with 7.49 trillion won a year earlier . that was lower than the forecast of 4.97 trillion won in a survey of analysts by financial data provider factset . the larger-than-expected drop was due to a big profit plunge in samsung 's mobile business . the maker of galaxy smartphones said its mobile division generated 2.74 trillion won in quarterly profit compared with 6.43 trillion won a year earlier . the korean firm lost ground in the more profitable high-end market to apple after the maker of the iphone began offering models with bigger screens last fall . before that , large screens were a feature that set samsung phones apart .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .