zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat trick as paris saint-germain thrashed saint-etienne 4-1 to reach the french cup final on wednesday . ibrahimovic took his psg career tally to 102 goals since joining three years ago , and argentina winger ezequiel lavezzi added the other goal as the capital side advanced to meet auxerre in the final and and keep them on course for quadruple . paris saint germain striker zlatan ibrahimovic celebrates scoring his second goal . ibrahimovic 's 100 goal landmark tribute on the big screen at parc des princes . ibrahimovic was presented with a trophy after the match for scoring 100 goals . despite his hat-trick , ibrahimovic still had time to argue with the referee . psg are also bidding to become the first french side to lift all three domestic trophies in a single season and will face ligue 2 club and four-times winners auxerre in the final at the stade de france on may 30 . they take on bastia in the league cup final on saturday and are top of the ligue 1 table , one point ahead of olympique lyonnais , with seven games left . ibrahimovic opened the scoring at the parc des princes from the penalty spot with his 100th goal for the club on 21 minutes following a francois clerc foul on ezequiel lavezzi . romain hamouma levelled for the visitors five minutes later with a powerful header from a rare chance for st etienne , who were outclassed throughout . blaise matuidi ( right ) tweeted picture of midfielder with ibrahimovic after the match . ibrahimovic put psg ahead from the penalty spot in the 21st minute . ibrahimovic sent goalkeeper stephane ruffier the wrong way from the spot . ezequiel lavezzi made it 2-1 to psg after he headed in javier pastore 's cross from the right . ibrahimovic jumps over the challenge of a saint-etienne defender . lavezzi made it 2-1 in the 59th minute from an excellent javier pastore cross , before zlatan ibrahimovic netted his second with eight minutes remaining after rounding goalkeeper stephane ruffier . he completed his hat-trick for the eight-times winners with a powerful low strike in added time . the sweden striker is now psg 's second highest all-time scorer on 102 goals , behind former portugal forward pauleta . ' it 's tough but we were vulnerable and we missed too many easy chances , ' saint-etienne captain loic perrin said . ' it 's not normal to lose 4-1 . we know they 're a good team but we should do better than that . ' league leader psg , who are one point ahead of lyon in the title race , remains on course for a unique quadruple , and plays bastia in the league cup on sunday before facing barcelona in the first leg of the champions league quarter finals four days later . on tuesday , second tier club auxerre stunned holders guingamp 1-0 at home thanks to frederic sammaritano 's first-half goal .