international stars like brendon mccullum will visit to play t20 cricket this summer , but talk among homegrown players is of how it might save england from further embarrassment in global competitions . alex hales and chris woakes , two foot soldiers in the recent world cup fiasco , both called for some rethinking of the domestic structure to avoid a repeat of what happened in australia and new zealand . at the launch of next month 's opening of the natwest t20 blast nottinghamshire 's hales admitted : ' as a team we 're not hiding behind the fact that we 're embarrassed about what happened . with the quality of the squad that we had there 's no excuse not to make it out of the group stages . ' alex hales believes england 's players are n't competing in enough twenty20 competitions . hales was at edgbaston on thursday at the launch of this season 's t20 domestic competition . both he and woakes feel that a way of improving england 's one day cricket would be to adopt more the model of countries like australia and india with their franchise systems . ' the big bash is fantastic , i 've played in it for three years and really enjoyed it , ' said hales . ' i 'm a big fan of the block system for t20 , you dedicate three weeks to a month to hone your skills , all your focus if on t20 . in the last couple of years in england i have n't had much of a chance to develop . ' over here you play something different sunday to wednesday , then t20 on friday so you do n't get a huge chance to practice your skills . over there they have less teams so the standard is fantastic . ' i think that 's maybe where we got found out a bit in the world cup , not many guys get exposed to t20 . there 's such a heavy schedule of test matches guys do n't get a chance to play domestic t20 . look at guys like broady and jimmy ( anderson ) , they do n't get a chance to play for their counties . ' it does n't help that a lot of our guys do n't play in the ipl or the big bash . other players are constantly playing in front of big crowds and improving their skills and that 's not something we had in the world cup . england were thoroughly embarrassed at the 50-over world cup earlier this year , dumped out of their group . brendon mccullum is adept at playing t20 all over the world and hales wants more of that for english stars . ' it 's tougher here with the indifferent weather and i do n't really know what goes on behind the scenes , but in terms of standard and quality i think the franchise system would work in england . ' at thursday 's edgbaston launch there were players from all 18 counties , but that number would be cut down if the ecb and its new management ever get round to introducing a more city-based league . woakes , who hopes to start bowling again in the next two weeks after recent foot problems , will play alongside mccullum for a warwickshire team now styled as the birmingham bears . he believes the rebranding added to the support they received last season , and could so elsewhere if replicated : ' as a player you felt like there were more people behind you , ' he said . ' it might attract more people to come to the ground from different areas of the city , they might feel more part of it . ' i 'm sure if it happened it would n't feel right at first but i bet the big bash did n't feel right at first , everything moves forward and evolves . i think it would probably be a good thing . it would improve the standard of cricket , it might not feel right but eventually it would . ' it 's a tricky one , you would have to get counties to merge . some players might benefit and others would n't . some people are going to be unhappy . i do n't think counties would be shut down but if franchises are going to happen something has to give . ' advanced ticket sales are said to be up 41 per cent on last year ahead of the may 15 start with other overseas stars in action including glenn maxwell , aaron finch , chris gayle and kumar sangakarra .