the head of the drug enforcement administration , michele leonhart , is expected to resign soon , an obama administration official said tuesday . leonhart is a career drug agent who has led the agency since 2007 and is the second woman to hold the job . she has faced mounting pressure from congress , where some questioned her competence in the wake of a scathing government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes . dea head michele leonhart , is expected to resign soon , an obama administration official said tuesday , as she faces mounting criticism from congress that she 's been unable to change the agency 's culture . leonhart was widely criticized for her response to the report and a group of lawmakers said in a statement that she was ' woefully unable to change ' the agency 's culture . the official spoke on condition of anonymity because a formal announcement had not yet been made . lawmakers have been pushing for leonhart 's ouster since her disastrous appearance before the house oversight committee last week . a majority of the committee said they had lost confidence in her and said she ' lacks the authority and will to make the tough decisions required to hold those accountable who compromise national security and bring disgrace to their positions . ' the justice department report that jeopardized leonhart 's job recounted allegations that drug agents attended sex parties with prostitutes , some funded by local drug cartels , in a foreign country . the dea said the incidents happened in colombia . several congressional members have criticized leonhart 's competence in the wake of a government watchdog report detailing allegations that agents attended sex parties with prostitutes . the no-confidence statement was signed by 13 house democrats and nine republicans , including chairman jason chaffetz of utah and the committee 's top democrat . chaffetz went a step further , calling for leonhart to resign or be fired . last week , the white house voiced concerns about the justice department report . in a daily press briefing tuesday , white house spokesman josh earnest would n't comment on reports that leonhart was set to leave the agency and instead reiterated that the obama administration had ' concerns about the material that was presented in the ( inspector general ) report that raised legitimate and serious questions about the conduct of some dea officers . ' the president , as you know , maintains a very high standard for anybody who serves in his administration , particularly when it comes to law enforcement officials . and the i.g . report raised serious concerns about that conduct , ' earnest said . leonhart has previously been the target of online petitions calling for her ouster after she distanced herself from the administration 's stance on legalized marijuana , seen as a hands-off approach that lets states legalize marijuana so long as it is state regulated . in an email sent to employees last friday , leonhart lamented agent 's ' disgraceful conduct ' . marijuana remains illegal under federal law and is classified by the dea as a schedule 1 drug , along with drugs such as heroin and peyote . leonhart also declined to fully endorse sentencing reform efforts supported by the justice department . cnn reports that leonart sent an email to employees last friday lamenting the recent scandals . ' this has been a very difficult week for dea , with members of congress and the media asking tough questions and sharing our outrage about the disgraceful conduct of a few individuals several years ago . ' she wrote . ' this employee misconduct has upset me for many reasons , but especially because it calls into question the incredible reputation dea has built over more than 40 years . ' she ended the email thanking employees ' for your continued expressions of trust and confidence as we navigate through these rough waters . i know you will remain focused on our mission and the commitment to excellence that is the hallmark of who we are , and what we will always be at dea . '   