a transgender woman who had her face horribly damaged after it was injected with cement and tire sealant stepped out on sunday showing off a new look . rajee narinesingh was one of the victims of ' toxic tush ' doctor oneal ron morris , who performed illegal plastic surgeries using substances such as fix-a-flat , super glue and mineral oil . rajee had morris inject her cheeks , lips and chin back in 2005 , and ended up disfigured after she did not have the money to go to a proper cosmetic surgeon . scroll down for videos . rajee narinesingh ( above ) , one of the victims of ' toxic tush ' doctor oneal ron morris , stepped out showing her new face over the weekend . rajee was recently treated by dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif in a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of botched . left with a 'hard-as-rock ' face , rajee began seeing dr john martin of coral gables cosmetic reconstructive surgery in 2012 , who gave her softening injections and laser therapy to treat the botched surgery . in a 2014 interview she said that her new look was helping to boost her self-esteem , and that men were taking notice . ' recently this guy said that being with me is like being with a sexy dragon , ' she said at the time . ' i did n't know whether to slap him or kiss him . ' now , she has had her look improved once again by dr terry dubrow and dr paul nassif , a process that will be featured on the premiere episode of botched . rajee , who was born in new york but grew up in philadelphia , explained when she realized she was a woman in that 2014 interview . she explained ; ' up until i was in my mid-twenties i just thought i was a feminine gay male . i thought about all the things i did when i was growing up - like taking the basketball my dad had bought me and instead of playing basketball with it i was simulating pregnancy and actually pretending to give birth and be a mommy . ' when i used to fantasize about being with guys i used to always picture myself with breasts and a vagina . i did n't realize i was doing it , it was just so natural for me . one day i just connected all the dots and thought `` you 're not gay , you 're transgender . '' ' rajee lived in solitude and was afraid to go out after her face was left disfigured ( above ) . that all changed in 2012 when she began receiving free treatments from dr john martin . rajee , who had been too ' embarrassed and ashamed ' to go to the authorities , claims she paid just $ 100 per session to morris for the life-changing injections back in 2005 . ' the last thing i wanted was to look like a man in a dress . i wanted to be a beautiful woman , ' she said of her decision to get the injections . ' if you really want to live your authentic self as a woman you need to do some sort of face and body reconstruction . ' so i made the choice to get injections done . in our community it is called pumping . ' and while she knew she was not seeing a licensed surgeon , she was still excited the day she went to see morris . ' when it finally came to the day , i was more excited than nervous because i was finally going to be the woman i had always wanted to be , ' she said . ' there was a room that she had set up where she did a lot of medical procedures . ' the room looked sterile and clean she said , and sokn after she arrived they began the procedure . ' i got injections in my face and my hips and my buttocks and initially i was fine , ' said rajee . ' but then the nightmare started . ' ' the last thing i wanted was to look like a man in a dress . i wanted to be a beautiful woman , ' rajee ( above ) said of her decision to get the injections . oneal ron morris ( above , file photo ) is accused of leaving women ill and disfigured after injecting them with a mixture of toxic substances , including super glue and fix-a-flat . she was left with a large boil on her face that kept growing bigger and bigger , and then ' green pus exploded out of my face and onto the mirror . it was green and yellow and mixed with blood . ' she ended up spending years in solitude as a result of these botched procedures , until dr martin agreed to help her for free . because of him , she says she has gone from ' victim to victorious . ' she is also ready to start dating again , saying ; ' i definitely deserve more than just the 3 o'clock in the morning knock on the window . ' as for morris , she is now facing manslaughter charges after one of her patients died following a procedure .