' evil ' : the duchess of cambridge 's uncle gary goldsmith took to twitter after his beloved chihuahua cheech was run over by a ' speeding ' cyclist in regents park . the duchess of cambridge’s uncle hit out yesterday at a ‘speeding’ cyclist who ran over his dog and ‘ left him for dead’ . gary goldsmith , the controversial brother of kate’s mother , carole middleton , posted a picture of the alleged culprit who hit his chihuahua , cheech , on social media . his accompanying message included the words : ‘ evil s***… coming to get ya . ’ the flamboyant millionaire businessman , who was once caught up in a tabloid sting in which he was alleged to have offered a reporter drugs and prostitutes , was with his wife julie-ann in regent’s park at 8.30am yesterday . as he went for a cycle ride , mrs goldsmith took six-year-old cheech and their other dog keela , four , for a stroll in the central london park when a cyclist , listening to music on his headphones , ran straight over cheech . mr goldsmith , 49 , told the mail : ‘ the dogs were a few feet away from her when a cyclist , wearing headphones , just came out of nowhere . he was going far too fast and didn’t slow down . ‘ suddenly he went over cheech with both wheels . cheech yelped and did a parachute roll before lying down on his side . he looked dead . ’ although both his wife and a witness challenged the man , he merely abused them before riding off . ‘julie-ann yelled to the bloke to get off his bike but he just ignored her , ’ mr goldsmith said . ‘ then an american lady , who witnessed everything , walked over and said to him , “ you were going far too fast . give me your details” . ‘ she told julie-ann that she thought it looked almost deliberate . but the cyclist just said to her , “don’t get hysterical , you american” . by this time julie-ann was crouching by cheech and he coughed up some blood . ‘ the bloke then turned to her and said : “ i haven’t killed your dog . ” the american then grabbed julie-ann’s phone and took a photo of him but he just turned away and sped off out of the park . ‘ i was on the other side of the park when julie-ann called me , completely distraught . i immediately cycled over and found cheech completely limp . ’ cheech is being treated by bruce fogle , father of tv presenter ben , at the london vet clinic . he is on a drip awaiting further tests . search : mr goldsmith released a picture of the alleged culprit after his dog was run over and ' left for dead ' . mr goldsmith , who regularly puts pictures of his two chihuahuas on social media , posted a picture of the man he claims was responsible on his twitter feed with the message : ‘ know this man ? ? ‘ racing through @ theroyalparks regents park this morning ran over our dog and just left him for dead ! ’ mr goldsmith told the mail that he was disgusted at the cyclist’s callousness and wants him to be prosecuted . ‘ most people , if they hurt an animal , would want to help . that’s your natural reaction , ’ he said . ‘i’m not going to let him get away with it . i’m making it my personal mission to find him . i have called the parks police . he should not have been riding around with headphones on oblivious to the world around him , causing damage and riding off . ‘ i want him to pick up the vet’s bill and make a public apology . julie-ann is in bits . she keeps bursting into tears . dogs are an important part of your life . ‘ they are a big part of your family . it’s incredibly traumatic when something like this happens . ’ hunt : mr goldsmith was walking with his wife julie-ann when the incident took place , and has vowed to make it his ' personal mission ' to find the man who left the couple 's dog needing veterinary care . according to the royal parks , which manages regent’s park , cycling is allowed on the pathways on designated routes – it is not clear whether the spot where the accident occurred is one – but there is a code of conduct for cyclists . they are required to be considerate and keep to a ‘ sensible speed’ on pathways , while pedestrians always have priority . police officers are able to issue £60 penalty notice fines for cyclists who do not adhere to the rules . do you know who the alleged culprit is ? call 0203 6150495 or e-mail tim.macfarlan @ mailonline.co.uk .