it was the sort of training ground accident that can happen to anyone , but it had far-reaching consequences for philipp lahm . so too , indirectly , for hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt . lahm 's tackle on a team-mate at bayern munich 's training ground on the outskirts of the city appeared innocuous enough , until a scream of pain pierced the morning air and a frantic wave signalled he was in trouble . as players milled round him , and a physio inspected the damage , the call went out for expert medical help . there was n't any . to the dismay of pep guardiola , there was n't a single qualified doctor on site . bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit this week after a reported rift with pep guardiola . the pair fell out over an injury to philipp lahm during training as early as november last year . as lahm lay on the turf with what was later diagnosed as a broken ankle , the physio tended to him as best he could , while an ambulance was summoned to take him to a local hospital . muller-wohlfahrt , meanwhile , was at his city centre clinic , nearly eight miles away . it was last november , and from that day on , the 72-year-old 's days as head of bayern 's medical department were numbered . they finally ended after bayern 's champions ' league defeat at porto , when guardiola went public with his displeasure over recovery rates for injured players by blaming a lengthening injury list for his side 's quarter-final first-leg demise . it was more than the world-renowned specialist could stomach , and he promptly walked away from the bundesliga champions for a second time , taking the rest of his staff with him . he quit in high dudgeon once before , after a fall-out with jurgen klinsmann , but there will be no coming back this time . not as long as guardiola holds the reins . and that may just be for quite a while yet . the bayern boss is aware manchester city long to install him as replacement for manuel pellegrini , even if it means waiting another 12 months for his contract to expire , but the latest ructions at the allianz arena have evidently done nothing to increase their chances . bayern doctor muller-wohlfahrt is a world-renowned specialist and quit after guardiola 's injury complaints . the 72-year-old had been at bayern for almost 40 years but is now unlikely to return to the bundesliga club . unseemly though his undermining of muller-wohlfahrt may have been , there was only ever going to be one winner . and , by all accounts , when his hand was raised in triumph , it strengthened his hold on power like never before . dispiritingly for city , the former barcelona manager reaffirmed , at his friday press conference , that he will ' for sure ' honour the remaining year on his contract , ruling out any hope of a deal being struck with etihad bosses this summer . beyond that , he could even commit himself to a further spell in charge , according to a bayern insider , who told sportsmail : ' there is no question that bayern will do absolutely everything in their power to persuade guardiola to sign another contract . ' there will be negotiations after the season is finished , and there is an air of confidence within the club that he will agree . it is far from certain , but , interestingly , the departure of muller-wohlfahrt makes it more probable , rather than less so . muller-wohlfahrt ( fourth from left ) sits behind pep guardiola during the defeat by porto this week . manchester city long to bring in guardiola to replace manuel pellegrini but they may have to wait for him . ' that was a problem , because they had many disagreements over the treatment of injured players . now he has gone , guardiola is in a stronger position than ever . that is clear , because when muller- wohlfahrt said he was leaving , the club made no attempt to talk him out of it . they simply accepted it and said thanks very much . ' pep has got his own way again , and that could play a part when they sit down in the summer to discuss a new deal . ' so what went wrong between them ? how could it be that a vastly- experienced and hugely-respected surgeon with a track record for rescuing stellar careers imperilled by injury failed to meet guardiola 's requirements as club doctor ? certainly , availability was a major issue . sportsmail has learned that one of guardiola 's stipulations , after taking over from jupp heynckes , was that the club doctor should be at the training ground every single time the players were there . dante , sebastian rode , lahm and robert lewandowski ( l-r ) trudge off the pitch after defeat in porto . muller-wohlfahrt has worked with the german national team as well as athletes including usain bolt . hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has often courted controversy with his methods . he claims that a substance called hyalart , which is extracted from the crest of cockerels , helps lubricate knee injuries and take away pain . he also swears by actovegin , an amino acid preparation derived from calves ' blood . in 2009 , he prescribed more than 50 injections of goat 's blood to st johnstone striker peter macdonald for his hamstring injury . among those to have been treated by him are ronaldo , usain bolt , michael owen and jose maria olazabal . muller-wohlfahrt claims to have administered more than one million injections , at least half of which have been to athletes . a stickler for detail , he wanted to ensure any mishap could be dealt with expertly at a moment 's notice and made it clear it was an instruction to be adhered to by muller-wohlfahrt . it placed club bosses in a quandary , not for the last time , as muller-wohlfahrt pointed out he had a steady stream of high-profile patients to his city centre practice , not least the likes of usain bolt , and that he could ill-afford to desert his post to spend day after day at the club 's training facility . irked by muller-wohlfahrt 's defiance , it soon became apparent to guardiola that they were diametrically opposed when it came to policy over ushering players back from injury . in a nutshell , guardiola wanted players declared fit and pencilled in for selection as rapidly as possible , whereas care and caution were the key words for muller-wohlfahrt . it drove guardiola to distraction , according to the club insider , who said : ' pep has never been the most patient about players ' recovery time . if there is an injury , he expects it to clear up . he wants the players back on the pitch , but it was n't happening . 'muller-wohlfahrt is the opposite . he takes the view that you have to be patient and allow the healing process to take its course . he wants a player to be in perfect condition when he returns and argues that rushing people back runs the risk of a fresh injury . really , it 's no wonder they were at loggerheads . ' guardiola wanted players declared fit as rapidly as possible , but muller-wohlfahrt wanted care and caution . muller-wohlfahrt prescribed a course of action for a nagging injury to thiago alcantara but was overruled . as a further insight into the core differences between the pair , muller-wohlfahrt prescribed a specific course of action for a nagging injury to thiago alcantara but was overruled . the midfielder suffered damage to the same area of his knee three times in quick succession , and muller-wohlfahrt was adamant he should attend the veteran medic 's clinic in colorado for specialised treatment . guardiola was having none of it and , instead , arranged for thiago to undergo treatment in barcelona , where , to muller-wohlfahrt 's exasperation , surgery was followed by recuperation and an eventual return to the bayern squad . usain bolt was one of many athletes to benefit from muller-wohlfahrt 's treatment at the london olympics . guardiola is now in the strongest position he has ever been at bayern and he could agree a new deal there . if protesting to the bayern boss was futile , trying to appeal to thiago was just as pointless . his agent is none other than guardiola 's brother , pere . the odds were stacked ever-higher against muller-wohlfahrt , and his resignation on friday morning was merely confirmation the guardiola empire is not about to be overthrown . city must now wait to see if the spaniard 's bavarian rule is about to be extended , as forecast with growing confidence in munich circles .