a family was awarded the rights to 10 rare gold coins possibly worth $ 80 million or more on friday after a us appeals court overturned a jury verdict . us department of the treasury officials insist the $ 20 double eagles were stolen from the us mint in philadelphia before the 1933 series was melted down when the country went off the gold standard . they argued that joan langbord and her sons can not lawfully own the coins , which she said she found in a family bank deposit box in 2003 . scroll down for video . ten 1933 double eagle coins , which were almost all destroyed when the us went off the gold standard , have been given back to the langbord family after a length legal dispute with the government . the family found the valuables in a bank deposit box for joan langbord 's father israel switt , a philadelphia jeweler ( left , in 1944 ) . the government believed that switt stole the coins from a mint in 1933 . langbord 's father , jeweler israel switt , had dealings with the mint in the 1930s and was twice investigated over his coin holdings . a jury in 2012 sided with the government . however , the appeals court returned the coins to the langbords because us officials had not responded within a 90-day limit to the family 's seized-property claim , filed in about 2004 . family lawyer barry berke said : ' congress clearly intended for there to be limits on the government 's ability to seek forfeiture of citizens ' property , and today 's ruling reaffirms that those limits are real and wo n't be excused when the government violates them . ' langbord , who 's in her mid-80s , worked in her father 's store on jeweler 's row for most of her life . her sons , entertainment lawyer roy langbord , of new york city , and david langbord , of virginia beach , virginia , joined her in the legal fight . nearly half a million of the coins were minted in 1933 , though almost all were melted and a surviving coin sold for $ 7.6million in 2002 . the coins were never released to the public after president franklin delano roosevelt switched the us off the gold standard . they do not plan to comment on the ruling and have not decided whether the coins will be sold , berke said . sculptor augustus saint-gaudens designed the double eagle with a flying eagle on one side and a figure representing liberty on the other . one double eagle , once owned by king farouk of egypt , sold in 2002 for $ 7.6 million , then a record for a coin . its later owner , a london coin dealer once jailed by the us over it , split the proceeds with the us in a deal brokered by berke . the langbords offered the government a similar split but were rebuffed . the family had taken the coins to the secret service in philadelphia to have them examined , berke said . a coin that was that was once owned by king farouk of egypt ( left ) fetched millions thirteen years ago . the langbords brought their coins into the government for authentication , but the valuables were seized . ' they authenticated the coins and said , ' thank you very much . we will now be keeping them , '' he said . the mint struck nearly a half-million of the double eagles in philadelphia in 1933 but never released them after president franklin d. roosevelt abandoned the gold standard and prohibited using the gold coins as currency . the money makers in philadelphia sent all of their gold coins to be melted in 1937 , according to bloomberg . the 1933 ' double eagle ' was dreamed up by president roosevelt’s distant cousin , theodore , who had commissioned the sculptor augustus saint-gaudens to re-design the $ 20 gold coin in the early 1900s . teddy roosevelt wanted an american coin that matched the beauty of the ancient greek ones . the last run of nearly 500,000 coins were never released , and it was thought they were all melted down for scrap . in industry speak , an ' eagle ' is $ 10 , hence the term ' double eagle ' for the $ 20 1933 examples . while prosecutors argued to jurors in 2011 that switt must have stolen the coins with help from a mint insider , berke said he could have traded his scrap gold for them . alison frankel , a journalist who wrote a history of the 1933 double eagles , told the new york times that berke had an ' amazing accomplishment ' by making the government prove that no coins could have possible gotten out of the mint legally . she said that the government attorneys decided not to prosecute switt when they learned about his possible involvement in the 1940s because the statute of limitations had passed . robert w hoge , curator of north american coins and currency at the american numismatic society , said that federal authorities had been ' fanatical ' about finding the existing coins . the us department of justice said it was reviewing its options after friday 's ruling . a treasury spokeswoman had no comment . switt , who died in 1990 , admitted to the secret service in 1944 that he had possessed and sold a set of nine other double eagles , which were recovered and destroyed . the surviving farouk coin is believed to have been a 10th coin from that batch . the mint sent a pair of 1933 double eagles to the smithsonian institution for its us coin collection .