the musical toast a bride received from her brother in place of a speech by their father was also a way of remembering their dad , who died of motor neuron disease 10 years ago . amanda beringer asked her brother brad fraser to make a toast at her wedding at eagle bay , south of perth . far from a conventional toast , mr fraser performed a song which poked fun at marriage . the performance was also a tribute to their father , peter , who lost his battle with the debilitating motor neuron disease 10 years previously , and a celebration of his zest for life . scroll down for video . amanda beringer ( left ) asked her brother brad fraser ( right ) to make a toast at her wedding . the toast that brad made at the wedding at eagle bay , south of perth , was a musical one . ' it took the focus off the fact that dad wasn’t here on my wedding day , ' mrs beringer told daily mail australia . ' my father wasn’t there to do my wedding speech , while my husband’s father was . ' ' he ( mr fraser ) turned it around and and made it light-hearted which was great . it made me laugh instead of being upset because my dad wasn’t there . ' mrs beringer , 33 , said it 's what her father would have wanted . during the last stages of his disease he lost the ability to talk , but he never lost his love of life and his sense of fun . brad sung heartily about the highs and lows of marriage . ' he had a computer where he could type in the words and it would read it out , ' mrs beringer said . ' even then he’d be making you laugh . he was still in good spirits even though he couldn’t talk . ' ' despite his disease he was there always up for a laugh until the very end . brad’s speech was a kind of celebration of that . ' she agreed some of the song 's lyrics were not the kind most newly married women might like to hear . ' well it 's done now , you ca n't turn back . you 're legally binded by the wedding trap , ' mr fraser sang . ' for better for worse , it 's only a curse , so open your wallet…and fill up her purse . ' everyone in attendance at the wedding could n't get enough of brad 's ditty . the crowd , who in a video of the performance posted online can be heard bursting out in laughter , erupt into a standing ovation at the end . ' it was very funny – although maybe not the best advice to be giving my husband from my perspective ! ' mrs beringer said . ' but it was very touching . it brought a tear to my eye and pulled a lot of heartstrings . ' mr fraser said he regularly works as a master of ceremonies at social functions , but always gives 10 per cent of his fee to the motor neuron association . far from a conventional toast , mr fraser 's song poked fun at some of the burdens of marriage . the song was also a tribute to brad and amanda 's father , peter , who passed away of motor neuron disease 10 years earlier . ' motor nueron disease doesn’t affect your brain – it affects everything else , ' mr fraser told daily mail australia . ' my dad would be sitting there not saying anything or just moaning , but you knew he was getting the joke . 'they’re laughing inside and you know that . so to give everyone a laugh at the wedding was important . it’s what my dad would have wanted . ' the musical toast was such a success that wedding guests gave it a standing ovation .