jenson button could do no more than ' look at the positives ' in the wake of another frustrating day at the wheel of his faltering mclaren . after stopping on track in each of the practice sessions on friday due to technical issues , button made it a hat-trick in qualifying for the bahrain grand prix . after just three corners of the bahrain international circuit , the 35-year-old ground to a halt with what the team believe to be another electrical issue . jenson button was given a lift back to the pits on a motorcycle by a marshal after his engine failure . in first practice on friday , the engine in button 's car cut out at the first corner of his opening quick lap due to an electrical failure , and then come fp2 a sensor issue forced him to pull over . racing director eric boullier insists the problems are ' unrelated ' , and ' just glitches stopping the car ' . the latest glitch , however , means button will start the race 20th and last - his lowest grid slot since the 2008 canadian grand prix , when he was driving for current power-unit suppliers honda . in contrast , and on the upside , team-mate fernando alonso managed to get a mclaren into q2 for the first time this season and will start 14th . describing his emotions , button said : ' we 're racing drivers and you want to drive your racing car as fast as you can . ' obviously when you are limited to running in p1 and p2 , with two stops on the circuit , it 's tough . ' but given how things felt this weekend , in terms of driving the car this morning , it felt pretty good . button jumps out of his mclaren after failing to complete the qualifying session in bahrain . ' i was quite happy with it . i ended up 11th . it 's still only p3 , but it was a good feeling . ' with fernando in qualifying , our best qualifying getting into q2 , you have to look at the positives . ' you would say we 're definitely making progress - we 're improving every race we go to - but just a tough weekend on my side of the garage . ' alonso finished just four tenths of a second off reaching the top-10 shoot-out , but concedes he needs a helping hand if he is to finish in the points . the double world champion said : ' we 're a little closer than any other race this year , but we have to keep our feet on the ground . fernando alonso managed to get a mclaren into q2 for the first time this season . ' ( on saturday ) we were 14th fastest , so ( on sunday ) if nothing happens we will be 14th fastest in the race probably . ' this is not enough to be in the points . we know our limitations are still there , so we will try to do our best . ' races can change quickly . some things can happen at the start , with pit stops , so we will take any opportunity we have . ' the main priority is to finish the race , hopefully with both cars , to learn as much as we can with this car . ' the position at the end will depend on many factors , and probably a little bit it depends on the others as well . ' if we want some points probably we need some help . ' 