cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi will go head-to-head once more in the race to be this season 's top scorer in the champions league – although luiz adriano threatens to spoil the party . both barcelona and real madrid booked their spots in the semi-finals this week with victories over paris saint-germain and atletico madrid respectively . the planet 's best footballers have scored eight times in europe this season . but shakhtar donetsk’s adriano , courted by arsenal and liverpool , has netted on nine occasions this term . cristiano ronaldo , in action against atletico madrid on wednesday evening , has scored eight goals in europe . lionel messi also has eight goals in the champions league this term ; one fewer than luiz adriano . ronaldo and messi will both play at least two more times after real madrid and barcelona reached the last four . adriano , who moved to donetsk in 2007 , scored five against bate borsiov in the group stages . his performance that night made history , with the 27-year-old becoming only the second player to score five times in a champions league game . the other was messi for barcelona against bayer leverkusen in 2012 . he also scored the third quickest hat-trick in the competition 's history ( 12 minutes ) as the ukrainian side , knocked out by bayern munich in the round of 16 , racked up the biggest-ever half-time lead ( 6-0 ) in europe 's premier tournament . ‘ i am in a good moment of my career and we 'll do what will be best for me and for the club , ’ said adriano last month when quizzed over his future . adriano , who netted five times against bate borisov in the group , has scored more goals than any other player in the champions league ... he is out of contract in december and could move to the premier league . ‘ with my contract set to expire and many good performances , it 'll be difficult to stay in ukraine . ’ arsenal have sent scouts to watch adriano in recent months , while liverpool are also keen on the brazilian . his contract with shakhtar donetsk runs out at the end of the year . ronaldo and messi however , remain in pole-position to top the scoring charts with barcelona and real madrid both in the hat for the two-legged semi-finals to be played next month . of the teams still in the pot , neymar and luis suarez of barcelona , real madrid 's karim benzema and former manchester united and city striker carlos tevez , now plying his trade for juventus , each have six goals . the draw for the last four will take place on friday .