stoke city midfielder charlie adam left stamford bridge with mixed feelings after scoring one of the best goals of the premier league era in the defeat to chelsea . the scotland international picked the ball up inside his own half and stunned blues goalkeeper thibaut courtois with a sensational 66-yard effort . courtois scrambled back towards goal but was unable to deny the 29-year-old former liverpool man the goal of his career . stoke city midfielder charlie adam scored the goal of his career during stoke city 's defeat to chelsea . scottish international adam shot from inside his own half after seeing keeper thibaut courtois off his line . courtois scrambled back as quickly as he could but there was just no stopping adam 's audacious effort . courtois attempts to reach for the ball but he fails as the ball sails into the stamford bridge net . courtois is left on the floor after being caught out by adam 's audacious first-half effort in west london . adam 's audacious effort was clocked at more than 45 miles per hour and came from inside his own half . adam admitted : ' the disappointing thing is we lost the game . on a personal note it is a great goal to score . i saw the keeper off his line , had an effort and it has gone in . ' i always have a look at the goalkeeper because these balls move so much . when you have got that much space and time it is good to do something like that . ' adam later told the bbc : ' i never knew i had that much power , to beat a quality goalkeeper like that is something special . once in a lifetime this can happen to you . ' adam is mobbed by his stoke city team-mates following his sensational goal at stamford bridge . courtois can only look on as the ball sails over his head and into the net at stamford bridge . courtois scrambled and was left on his back after adam 's spectacular strike sailed into the back of the net . the ball flew beyond courtois and into the back of the net to level the score just before the break . courtois falls into his own goal after chasing back but failing to keep out a long range shot from adam .