colin hendry appears at blackpool magistrates ' court where he admitted a drink driving charge . former scotland captain colin hendry has been banned from driving after he was caught drunk at the wheel of his ford focus . hendry , 49 , rowed with his then girlfriend sarah kinder before embarking on a drinking session which led to him driving through lytham st annes , lancashire , where he was seen speeding , a court heard . police followed his 10-year-old car as it crossed double white lines while the father-of-four attempted to drive home . now the former premier league player who had spells with blackburn rovers and manchester city , must travel around on his bike , a court heard . hendry of lytham st annes , admitted drink driving on the town 's church road on february 21 . he was almost twice over the legal limit after drinking in a lytham cocktail bar . his lawyer gwyn lewis told blackpool magistrates ' court that hendry 's current income was ' meagre ' and he asked for extra time for his client to pay fines and costs until he can start taking his offshore pension in mid may . mr lewis said hendry , who is out of work , no longer wished to pursue a defence of ' special reasons ' as a forensic report revealed he would have been over the limit at the time he was breath tested and there was no evidence that his drinks had been spiked . peter bardsley , prosecuting , said that a police officer in an unmarked car saw hendry at 1am pulling away from a junction at speed . he followed hendry who drove above a 20mph limit and then a 30mph limit sometimes going as fast as 50mph . the officer ordered hendry 's car to stop and smelled alcohol on him . he was arrested and a breath test revealed 63 microgrammes of alcohol in his breath . the legal limit is 35 . the court heard hendy , who played for blackburn rover and manchester city , was seen driving at up to 50mph while drunk after a row with his then girlfriend sarah kinder . argument : hendry said he had rowed with sarah kinder , pictured . he has subsequently been arrested for allegedly breaking a restraining order . mr lewis said : ' mr hendry is a fit man and regularly cycles . he has not drunk for seven weeks before he was arrested . playing career : hendry captained scotland and played for blackburn rovers , manchester city , and rangers . ' he started what some people call a dry january following the death of his wife in 2009 . ' ' however he was in an emotional state that day-and he decided to take a drink . however he knows what he drank and still can not accept the reading from the breath test . ' ' his finances are to say the least complicated . he was made bankrupt some years ago . his income is meagre until he can start taking his pension in mid-may . ' chair of the bench marilyn padgett banned hendry for 17 months . he was also offered a drink drivers ' rehabilitation scheme which will reduce his ban by one third if he completes it . he was fined £110 and the magistrate said : ' we have based this on the lowest level and it will be deferred for six weeks to allow you to start your pension . ' he was ordered to pay £200 court costs and £20 victims ' surcharge . in 2010 , hendry was made bankrupt owing £2.2m to friends , family and the taxman . last weekend he was arrested after allegedly breaking a restraining order which forbids him from contacting his beauty technician former girlfriend ms kinder . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .