boy , would tiger like to find a fairway here , ’ said former professional david feherty . ‘ preferably one attached to this hole . ’ it was that sort of day . tiger woods had worked so hard on his short game , the other quality needed to take a safe passage through these parts had been forgotten . he chipped like a champion ; he drove like a boy racer . somewhere in the ether , golf’s gods pointed and mocked . so tiger’s short game is killing him ? opposite . there has been so much yip yap these last few weeks it was forgotten that woods was becoming more erratic off the tee , long before his chipping went west . from the first , when he drifted into a bunker on the right , to the final par five , when he fired one into the crowd , castigating himself as a ‘dumbass’ — although a shout of ‘fore’ might have been more helpful — woods took the long road around augusta . the galleries were packed as crowd favourite tiger woods struggled on his first round at augusta . woods reacts to a poor chip shot on the third hole as the pressure begins to tell . woods feels the heat at augusta with the world no 111 struggling to get under par during the opening round . that he recorded a relatively respectable score — some significant distance off the lead , but certainly in the ball park of what would have been considered a reasonable number given that this was his first competitive golf for two months — was testament to his cussedness as much as his talent . tiger dug deep and his play around the greens saved him . it was remarkable , really , considering his crisis of confidence . on the sixth , a par three , woods missed the green again . he looked more than irritated , he looked worn down , fed up with a sport he once held on a string . he no doubt remembers how it used to be , too . how he must miss that old tiger . he walked to the ball , perched at the top of a small incline to the right of the green . and he putted it . rolled it down the slope , got it near enough . settled . but , even so , it was a tell . the best poker players don’t have tells and tiger likes las vegas as much as any high roller . but he saw his hand and , on that occasion , he blinked . it was still a tiger gallery , of course . still the biggest , still primed to applaud even the tiniest glimmer of his genius . but they would have recognised this as tiger bluffing . rewind through a decade and he would have conjured something small and miraculous with a short iron , made the ball pitch and spit and stop almost at his command . he would have shown the mastery of a charmer with a mesmerised snake . putting from off the green ? that was for the old guys and the also-rans , those without the bravery or the genius to make the ball obey . so tiger got it close and made the solid up and down . sure , they’re part of the game and every pro relies on them , even the all-time greats . but he was coming to need them , more and more . he won’t be entirely comfortable with that . he couldn’t putt at the 11th , when he again missed right and left himself a rascal of a chip . if tiger’s short game was as bad as it had looked last time , the ball could easily have taken a bath . instead , he recovered , just like old times . then put it in the water at the 12th instead . golf’s gods thumbed their noses and pulled faces behind his back . ‘ i made two dumb mistakes , ’ said woods . ‘ that apart , it was a good day . the short game was my strength , it was the reason i worked my butt off — to make it my strength again . ’ even so , dramatic saves weren’t all the old tiger was about . there was a shot on the seventh that would have been a contender for play of the day . that is why they continue to hurry when he has played , no matter the needs of his patient partners . tiger hits and off they go to see tiger hit again . but tiger is hitting more and more . not the 82 times he hit at the waste management phoenix open in january perhaps , but more times than he would have hit in such benign conditions at augusta in the old days , when he wouldn’t have been so pleased to tie for 41st place after 18 holes . still , the seventh . boy it was a beauty . he was behind a tree , left of the fairway , barely in sight of the green . he took a giant hit , dug it out but with such power and ferocity . the crowd lost the flight , the cameraman too , but woods didn’t . he skipped and peered around the forestry to see the ball drop out of the sky , onto the green to a sunday afternoon reception . momentarily it was 1997 all over again . and then it was 2015 again and he left his 25 footer short . par . woods was not impressed with his approach shot to the 10th , but he managed to salvage par on the hole . woods ' beau lindsey vonn was in attendance as her other half mopped his sopping brow with a towel . woods , jimmy walker and jamie donaldson walk to the 6th green during an absorbing day 's play . increasingly , his gallery writes cheques the man in the arena can not cash . they were 14 rows deep just to watch him walk the ten strides from putting green to first tee . eight on one side , six on the other , five marshals , wrestling with rope , and several baseball-hatted g4 security men . a local sheriff marched past , perspiring through his regulation white shirt . even for augusta in april it was unseasonably warm : 89 , according to the weather channel . it was approaching 1.48pm eastern time . tiger o’clock . the 14 rows fidgeted expectantly . tiger breezed through , to applause , cheers and the odd whoop ; the love of the common people . he nodded in appreciation once , mouthed a noiseless thank you , smiled a tight anti-smile . and then he was gone . swallowed up as the ropes dropped and the crowd fell in behind him . will he , won’t he ? could he , couldn’t he ? they had seen the man , but would they ever see the man ? he was coming here with a new game , and a new mindset , but was this a new tiger ? woods lines up his putt on the par three sixth as the 15-time major winner had a solid start to the day . woods shows his fury at a chip from a bunker on the fourth , but he managed to steady the ship . woods patrols the augusta fairways on a largely frustrating round for the former world no 1 . no . not a new tiger like the old tiger anyway . too much , too soon . he was better than the tiger that departed torrey pines in february , with fears for his long-term future . better for all that graft , that sun up to sun down perseverance . but he was still the 111th ranked golfer in the world . a bit rusty , a bit erratic , a bit brilliant , a bit fallible . there were fine moments , but they were fleeting . he got better through the round , but he would have eaten this place alive in the good old days . and that is tiger’s problem . it’s a bit like al pacino in carlito’s way . every time he tries to get out , they pull him back in . the creaks , the chunks , the odd crisis of confidence that just wasn’t there before . he starts to get going , he works his ass off , but it is hard . he three-putted the first , birdied the second . hit a tree off the tee on the third , but got a lucky kick onto the fairway . found a bunker , then missed the green on the par three fourth , played a quite stunning second from a poor fairway lie on the fifth . it was the golf of a competitor still battling against the years , and the aches of a creaking back and — whisper it — maybe yips that could resurface at any time . he won’t go quietly , the competitor remains , but he is vulnerable now . if it is isn’t one thing , it’s the other . woods wills his second shot from the 14th on with the galleries gripped on the unfolding soap opera . woods looks anxiously as his tee shot from the 15th sails into the still georgia skies on a perfect day for golf . woods finished the day at one over as he looks forlornly at a shot on the eighth .