more than 2,000 families have fled the iraqi city of ramadi after isis forces intensified their offensive on the iraqi city . according to iraqi officials , isis fighters have nearly surrounded the capital of western anbar province , despite the best efforts of the iraqi army and arriving shiite paramilitary reinforcements . the advance is widely seen as an isis 's attempt at an counteroffensive after being forced to abandon the important iraqi city of tikrit , earlier this month . american troops previously fought some of their bloodiest battles against al-qaida insurgents in ramadi during the eight-year u.s. intervention . prior to the current bout of fighting , some 400,000 iraqis were already displaced , including 60,000 in ramadi district , according to the international organization for migration . hundreds of u.s. troops have been training iraqi forces at ain al-asad military base , situated west of ramadi . iraqi government forces still control the city center but appear to be struggling after months of isis pressure from the suburbs of the city . video obtained by the associated press showed plumes of thick , black smoke billowing above the city as fighter jets pounded militant targets . on the city outskirts , displaced residents frantically tried to make their way out amid the heavy bombardment . officials confirmed that us led coalition air strikes had targeted the three villages recently taken by isis on wednesday . more than 2,000 families have fled the iraqi city of ramadi with little more than the clothes on their backs , turning the city into a ghost town . hundreds of u.s. troops have reportedly been training units of iraqi forces at a military base , located west of ramadi . supplies including tents and food has already been dispatched to the terrified families , now living in difficult conditions in the suburbs of baghdad . fleeing residents now in baghdad said that ramadi resembled an ghost town . anbar 's deputy governor , faleh al-issawi , described the situation in ramadi as `` catastrophic '' and urged the central government to send in reinforcements . `` we urge the baghdad government to supply us immediately with troops and weapons in order to help us prevent the city from falling into the hands of the is group , '' he told the associated press in a telephone interview . ramadi was once the battlefield for us forces eight year battle against insurgents during the 2003 iraq war . since isis captured fallujah over a year ago , it has been targeting ramadi . shiite paramilitary groups and further iraqi army reinforcements are expected to arrive in the coming days to try and prevent isis from taking ramadi . iraqi forces have been assisted by us led coalition air strikes , which targeted three villages recently captured by isis . stephane dujarric , spokesman for the u.n. secretary-general , said access to the city was limited but humanitarian workers were trying to verify the reports of fleeing residents . prior to the current bout of fighting , some 400,000 iraqis were already displaced , including 60,000 in ramadi district , according to the international organization for migration . iraqi prime minister haider al-abadi , who was visiting washington on wednesday , did not mention fears surrounding ramadi . instead he praised the 5,000 sunni tribal fighters who have reportedly enlisted to help defend ramadi and other strategic towns in anbar province . if ramadi does fall to isis , it would be the first major iraqi city to be taken by the extremist group since militants seized mosul in june 2014 .  sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .