it 's a relationship that 's fascinated the public and come under intense media scrutiny for years . aaron taylor-johnson was just 19 when he met wife sam , then 42 , on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 in which he played the young john lennon and she directed him . six years , one marriage and two children later , the hollywood actor has revealed that he does n't even notice the age gap because of his mature nature - he is so grown up that friends of the couple call him benjamin button after brad pitt 's character in the 2008 film the curious case of benjamin button , who ages in reverse . scroll down for video . aaron taylor-johnson , 24 , and wife sam , 48 , at the premiere of avengers : age of ultron on april 13 . alexander mcqueen printed silk-chiffon dress . available at net-a-porter ! visit site . she may have created controversy when she first started dating her 24-year-old now-husband aaron taylor johnson , but this lady can cause some ruffles with her red carpet style , too . sam taylor-johnson wowed at the avengers age of ultron world premiere in la alongside her gucci-clad hubby . she wore a pink , feminine , floral alexander mcqueen frock , which boasted a soft and ethereal silhouette with its multiple layered ruffles and button detailing that captured our hearts . the classy mid-length dress accentuated sam’s elegance and we love how she simply paired it with barely-there tan strappy sandals and a matching tan leather clutch bag . this is the perfect spring/summer dress with its floaty movement and light pink colorway , plus you could wear it from anything from a lunch date to a wedding , depending on how you style it . so take a leaf out of sam 's book and emulate her look by clicking right to net-a-porter to get her exact dress today ! or , make a more purse friendly pick with one of the pink floral options in our fashion edit below . they 're all budding style wins ! topshop scarf print sundress at nordstrom . visit site . missguided scuba bardot ivory floral bodycon dress . visit site . lover bloom dress at shopbop . visit site . vince camuto floral print scuba pleated fit & flare dress . visit site . depsite being a toyboy , taylor-johnson says friends liken him to brad pitt 's character in the curious case of benjamin button , in which pitt ages in reverse . a recent instagram image shows the couple clearly in love six years after they first met . in an interview in saturday 's times magazine the co-star of the latest installment of disney 's superhero blockbuster avengers : age of ultron says : ' i do n't notice it now - we just instinctively gel ... people who know me call me benjamin button - they think i 'm an old soul and she 's a young soul . ' taylor-johnson says he fell in love with sam , the most commercially successful female film-maker in history after she directed fifty shades of grey , which was released in february , on the first day they met on the set of nowhere boy in 2009 . after a whirlwind romance , the pair announced their engagement at the film 's premiere later that year . they married at babington house in somerset when taylor-johnson was 20 , a move he says made ' perfect sense ' . he tells the magazine : ' i knew i wanted to be with her . i wanted kids , we had kids and i was really into that , taking time off and involving myself in the bubble of her pregnancy . ' the taylor-johnson 's at the vanity fair oscar party in february , left , and at the premiere of godzilla in 2014 . aaron and sam with her daughters angelica , right , and jessie phoenix , centre , collecting her obe in 2011 . the couple pictured in primrose hill with daughter wlyda rae in 2011 . the couple 's first daughter , wylda rae , was born in july 2010 followed by romy hero in january 2012 . the family now lives in los angeles with sam 's daughters angelica , 17 , and jessie phoenix , eight , from her first marriage to the art dealer jay jopling , and the couple take on one project a year each so one parent is always at home . aaron , who grew up in high wycombe , buckinghamshire , has been acting since the age of six when he starred in a persil advert . when he was 12 he appeared in hollywood action comedy shaghai knights , and when he was 15 he worked alongside edward norton in the illusionist . taylor-johnson says he was a ' self destructive teenager struggling with success ' before he met sam . but after the two got together , she quickly became his best friend and a stable influence in the notoriously fickle hollywood . he and sam now focus most of their time on being parents , with school runs and extracurricular activities taking up the bulk of their days . they have a rule that they are only allowed to take on one project a year , meaning that someone is always around for the children . and although looking after four children at the age of 24 might seem like a hard task , taylor-johnson says he has never been happier . he told the newspaper : ' being a father has been the happiest time of my life - it 's what i live for , what i love doing - i have a real reason why i 'm here , i 'm not as proud of my acting ; it 's a job that i do ... i 'm grateful , but i do n't live for acting . '