jihadi john and other isis extremists are building a network of ' misfits ' around the world who can carry out ' chaotic ' terror attacks with little planning , a senior police officer has warned . assistant commissioner mark rowley , head of specialist operations at the metropolitan police , said isis is trying to ' pick up ' potential fighters among ' the vulnerable , people with violent backgrounds , very young people and those with mental health issues ' . mr rowley issued the warning of new tactics among islamist fanatics at the counter-terror expo at olympia , west london , yesterday . london-born isis execution jihadi john is being used to recruit a network of ' misfits ' around the world , made up of the ' very young , violent and mentally ill ' , a senior police officer has warned . on changing methods of attack , mr rowley said : ' we still have groups who are interested in the awful , spectacular attacks that we have seen with al qaeda in the past . ' that 's still something we have to be concerned and worried about . but now there 's a much wider range , with chaotic attacks across the world using knives , using vehicles . ' the real aim being to kill and get footage of that to propagate the message and propagate their cause . ' his words echo the case of london teenager brustholm ziamani , who was jailed in february for plotting a ' lee rigby-style ' attack on a british soldier or policeman . he fell under the spell of the notorious al-muhajiroun group once fronted by hate preacher anjem choudary after being made homeless in london . in 2008 , 22-year-old nicky reilly - who had a mental age of 10 - attempted to carry out a suicide bombing in exeter after he was contacted by extremists online . assistant commissioner mark rowley said yesterday that the tactics of terror groups are changing . mr rowley said there had been a 'step-change ' in the scope and scale of terror threats . citing the rise of isis in syria and northern iraq , compared to existing terror strongholds in afghanistan , somalia and yemen , he said : ' it 's a much easier area to get to . it 's not far from budget holiday trips to turkey and greece that those terror groups travel to , to exploit . ' more than 600 british jihadists have travelled to join isis , with half returning to pose a threat on uk streets . but mr rowley said around 50 per cent did not have terror links before flying to syria . instead , many had been radicalised via propaganda on social media , by extremists , hate preachers and fighters such as jihadi john - real name mohammed emwazi . branding isis a cult , mr rowley added : ' it is actually looking to inspire people to support their cause . ' they 're developing that with a very , very determined approach to exploiting social media and propaganda . ' london teenager brustholm ziamani ( left ) was picked up by islamic extremists after he was kicked out of his home . mentally ill nicky reilly ( right ) was also goaded into carrying out a nail bomb attack in 2008 . mr rowley added : ' we have terrorist groups now able , from relatively safe environments in ungoverned space of broken areas of the country , to reach into communities in the uk and influence people to act in their name to commit terrorist act . that is a fundamental difference in the challenge the uk is facing . ' the speech came amid reports that isis chief abu bakr al-bagdadi has been injured in an air strike in iraq and is no longer in control of the group . it is said his deputies in the organisation have been running day-to-day activities while he recovers , following the reported attack on march 18 . reilly hoped to kill or wound as many diners as he could with the crude nail bomb he had made . in a display of the tactics outlined by mr rowley , a man with learning difficulties was coaxed into carrying out a botched restaurant bombing in 2008 . nicky reilly , from plymouth , tried to blow himself up in a busy giraffe restaurant in exeter after accessing an extremist website online . he was preparing the nail bomb device in the restaurant 's toilet when it went off in his hands , injuring him but no one else . deputy chief constable tony melville , who investigated the case , said at the time : ' he was preyed upon , radicalised , and taken advantage of . ' reilly 's mother kim told how he had a mental age of 10 and suffered from mental illness . she said he was an ' easy target , easy prey ' for radicalisation . judge mr justice calvert-smith , who jailed reilly for life for attempted murder , said after the trial : ' there is evidence from materials seized that he became increasingly drawn to violent action in support of fellow muslims in revenge for perceived persecution , and to the idea of himself personally becoming a martyr . ' 