after languishing at the bottom of the pacific for a staggering 64 years , an aircraft carrier from the second world war has been discovered ' amazingly intact ' . experts found the giant u.s. ship - which could incredibly still have a plane inside it - standing upright and listing only slightly . the uss independence is resting 800m underwater off california 's farallon islands with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible . there also appears to be a plane in the hangar bay of the vessel , scientists with the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) said on thursday . scroll down for video . discovery : features of the ' amazingly intact ' uss independence are captured in a three-dimensional sonar image ( bottom ) of the shipwreck - 64 years after it sunk . historic : experts found the giant u.s. ship ( pictured in 1943 ) - which could incredibly still have a plane inside it - standing upright and listing only slightly . high tech : experts last month used an autonomous underwater vehicle called the echo ranger ( pictured ) made by boeing to survey the independence . ambitious : the ranger was deployed as part of a two-year mission by the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) to find historic shipwrecks . found : the uss independence was found off california 's farallon islands ( pictured ) with its hull and deck very well preserved and clearly visible . the veteran ship even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a ' target vessel ' for operation crossroads on july 1 , 1946 . after taking part in yet another explosion , it was eventually decommissioned in august 1946 before its highly radioactive hull was taken to san francisco five years later . controversy surrounds its sinking as some believe the ship was loaded with barrels of radioactive waste that subsequently contaminated the wildlife in the farallon islands . ' after 64 years on the seafloor , independence sits on the bottom as if ready to launch its planes , ' said james delgado chief scientist on the noaa mission . he added : ' this ship fought a long , hard war in the pacific and after the war was subjected to two atomic blasts that ripped through the ship . ' it is a reminder of the industrial might and skill of the `` greatest generation '' that sent not only this ship but their loved ones to war . ' the carrier is one of an estimated 300 wrecks in the waters off san francisco - and the deepest known shipwreck in the sanctuary , according to noaa . independence operated in the central and western pacific from november 1943 to august 1945 and later was one of more than 90 vessels assembled as a target fleet for atomic bomb tests in 1946 in the marshall islands . mystery : controversy surrounds independence 's sinking as some believe the ship was loaded with barrels of radioactive waste that subsequently contaminated the wildlife in the farallon islands . tough : the veteran ship ( pictured in 1951 ) even survived an atomic bomb test after being chosen as a ' target vessel ' for operation crossroads on july 1 , 1946 . ' greatest generation ' : ' after 64 years on the seafloor , independence ( pictured in 1943 ) sits on the bottom as if ready to launch its planes , ' said james delgado chief scientist on the noaa mission . veteran : independence ( pictured in 1946 ) was one of more than 90 vessels assembled as a target fleet for atomic bomb tests in 1946 . damaged by shock waves , heat and radiation , independence survived the tests and returned to the united states . it was moored in san francisco until age caught up with her and she was towed out to sea for scuttling in january 1951 . independence was found as part of a two-year noaa mission to locate historic shipwrecks in the gulf of the farallones national marine sanctuary and nearby waters . experts last month used an autonomous underwater vehicle called the echo ranger made by boeing to survey the independence . there are currently no plans at the moment to try and get inside the vessel , delgado said . independence was built by the new york shipbuilding corporation and commissioned in january 1943 . she took part in the attacks on rabaul and tarawa in japan before being torpedoed by japanese planes , having to be repaired and refitted in san francisco from january to july 1944 .