an unidentified college student managed to get away without any kind of punishment after cops caught her drinking underage at a festival - because she beat them at a game of rock paper scissors . a video posted on social media site vine by a user known as old row , shows the girl surrounded by her fellow festival goers at texas-based country music festival chilifest last weekend , facing up to three officers who are believed to have busted her for drinking , before challenging her to a round of the beloved playground game . seconds after the college student shows a clenched fist - or a ' rock ' - to the three officers , one of whom chose ' scissors ' as his option , thereby claiming a victory , the crowd erupts into cheers of joy and celebration , while the victor is left completely speechless with relief . rock : an anonymous college student ( pictured ) is thought to have escaped without a ticket for underage drinking after she beat a police officer in a game of rock paper scissors . the clip was captioned : ' these cops let her play rock paper scissors to not get arrested . she won . gig 'em . # chilifest [ sic ] ' since being posted on monday , the vine has been viewed more than 500,000 times , receiving a total of 5,000 likes . in addition to the video , a gif of the incident was also posted on reddit , with many former texas a & m students using the thread in order to express their disbelief at the leniency of the three officers involved . ' the police at chilifest ( texas country music festival near college station , tx ) are notorious for giving tickets to minors , ' one user , posting under the name of i_am_bromega , said . tension : the young girl , who is though to be a student at texas a & m university in college station , had one chance to beat the officers . pure joy : as soon as she realized that she had won , the college student was left speechless with relief . caught on camera : a video posted on social media site vine shows the entire incident . ' i was over the legal drinking age when i went , but we did have a fun story involving the police . ' several of us were passed out in lawn chairs under the tent for our booth . i was jolted awake by three officers yelling in my face `` steve ! steve ! are you steve ? ! `` ' i nearly fell over thoroughly confused , and managed to toss my wallet at them in a hung over attempt to prove they had the wrong guy . they all start laughing and move on to the next guy yelling the same thing until they woke up . ' there was nobody named steve , they just got a kick out of waking us up [ sic ] . ' she won ! vine user old row commented alongside the clip to explain the circumstances of the game . say goodbye ! following the game , the three police officers can be seen walking off into the crowds . celebration : a group of onlookers erupts into cheers of joy as soon as the victory was claimed . a second user , who goes by the reddit name emptyparachute , added : ' this is chilifest at texas a & m . this girl is lucky as hell . ' every time i hear a story about chilifest it starts with : `` that one time at chilifest before i got a mip/pi/etc . '' [ sic ] ' the gif , which has now been shared across numerous social media sites , shows the girl shortly after her victory being embraced by a friend , who is , according to the daily dot , wearing a t-shirt printed with the logo of sorority tri delta . it is currently not known which station the police officers were from ; original reports stated that they were members of the college station police force , however a spokesperson from the station confirmed to daily mail online that they did not have any officers on duty at the festival .