depraved islamic state militants have deliberately destroyed hundreds of boxes of american-produced halal chicken despite hundreds of thousands facing starvation in war-torn syria . the barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo even though the meat being was slaughtered according to islamic law and was perfectly fit for consumption . the food was burned after the jihadis noticed labels on the boxes that suggested the birds had been reared and slaughtered in the united states - something isis considers so beyond the pale that hungry refugees on the brink of starving to death are banned from eating the meat . waste : the barbaric terror group released photos show crates of chicken being set alight in a field near the city of aleppo despite the meat being slaughtered according to islamic law and perfectly fit for eat . sick : one of the images released by isis shows a group of jihadis removing the boxes of chicken from the lorry and hurling them down the steep side of a road . the images of the chicken burning were released by the islamic state 's official propaganda wing in aleppo province , which the militants refer to by its ancient name , halab . the photo shows a close up shot of the apparent label , which states the meat had been produced by an illinois-based company and inspected by the u.s. food standard agency . certified as halal , meaning it has been slaughtered in accordance with islamic law , it is believed the meat was destined for the thousands of starving refugees in the city of aleppo . instead , the two lorries were stopped by isis ' religious police force - known as al-hesbah - at a checkpoint in aleppo province , where the cargo was deemed unlawful . product of the usa : this photo shows a close up shot of the apparent label , which states the meat had been produced by an illinois-based company and inspected by the u.s. food standard agency . ready to burn : this aerial photo then shows a vast pile of boxes and loose chickens at the bottom of the slope . one of the images released by isis shows a group of jihadis removing the boxes of chicken from the lorry and hurling them down the steep side of a road . an aerial photo then shows a vast pile of boxes and loose chickens at the bottom of the slope . the militants then set the meat alight and watch as hundreds of pounds worth of perfectly good food goes up in flames within sight of camps providing a home to thousands of starving refugees . the photographs of the appalling wastage were proudly published on isis social media accounts . according to the syrian american medical society , around 650,000 syrian civilians are living in heavily besieged communities in the country .