unfit driver : according to houston city codes - duncan burton should not have been driving because of a prior drugs conviction . a houston uber driver arrested and charged last week with sexually assaulting a female passenger was granted approval to drive for the car service despite being a convicted cocaine dealer . duncan burton , 57 , was released in november 2012 after 14-years behind bars but was allowed to work for uber despite city controls prohibiting drug felons driving cabs . burton was taken into custody on wednesday on one count of sexual assault and if convicted will face a maximum sentence of 20 years . uber spokeswoman , debbee hancock said on monday that burton had passed all the firms background checks before they allowed him to work under their name . however , according to uber 's official background check policy they only review sentences passed down up to seven years ago . that means because burton was sentence 14-years ago , his drug offense did not register or raise a red flag . indeed , burton served 14 years of an 18 year sentence for trying to distribute five kilos or more of cocaine according to the us bureau of prisons . that information is readily available online by typing in his name . he was convicted in houston and served time in louisana and georgia before his 2012 release which was commuted because of good behavior . according to houston regulations someone with a drug conviction is not eligible for a city permit to drive cabs . however , they could appeal and still receive one . burton did not have a city permit to drive a cab and had never applied for an exemption . uber has poached facebook 's security chief joe sullivan in an attempt to double down on rapidly escalating safety concerns . the $ 40 billion taxi service has been plagued by serious accusations of failing to vet its drivers . lawsuits have been brought against uber in san francisco and los angeles . a new delhi driver was accused of raping a passenger in december . this week in denver , a driver tried and failed to break into a passenger 's home . and in london , a woman was allegedly asked to perform oral sex on her driver . lifeline ? joe sullivan , 46 , will leave his role as facebook 's security chief to help uber defend safety concerns . these claims , among others , follow a data leak last may , which saw the details of 50,000 current and former drivers released into the public domain . it is hoped sullivan , the first federal prosecutor to specialize in high-technology crime , can protect uber from potentially crippling ramifications . the firm 's first security chief , he brings with him an extensive portfolio of experience in cyber security and privacy . he spent two decades tackling cyber crime security in the private and public sector before joining the justice department . cases included child protection , bank privacy , and digital strands of 9/11 investigations . since , he has headed up the security departments at ebay , paypal , and facebook . though his experience lies in digital protection , uber ceo travis kalanick has also entrusted the 46-year-old with tackling physical security . sullivan 's role will involve liaising with city and state governments around the world as the firm rapidly expands . announcing the hire in a blog post on thursday kalanick wrote : ' we are both in cyberspace and on city streets all at once ; a bridge between bits and atoms . ' and as we get into tens of millions of rides a week , we continue to challenge ourselves to do even better when it comes to safety and data security . ' looking forward : the $ 40 billion firm 's ceo travis kalanick announced the news in a blog post on friday . he added : ' this is a challenge where i get to take what makes silicon valley special and apply it to a product that directly impacts people 's lives everyday as they move around the world 's cities . ' there were three high-profile assault cases involving uber drivers in december 2014 . an indian woman said her driver raped her in new delhi , leading to outcries and a temporary ban of uber in that city . it came days after a driver was charged in boston with raping a young woman . the same week , a woman in london revealed that she was offered £20 credit from uber after one of its drivers allegedly sexually harassed her during a cab ride . last week in denver an uberx driver was arrested after he allegedly dropped a passenger off at the airport before turning around , driving back to her house , and trying to break in . the cities of san francisco and los angeles are both suing the company for ' misleading the public ' by failing to conduct thorough backgrounds checks .