bayern munich cruised to a 6-1 victory against champion 's league rivals porto last night . but not all eyes were on the pitch for the whole 90 minutes , as the german club 's manager pep guardiola broke the highly dramatic atmosphere with a moment of sartorial comedy . to put it bluntly , he split his pants . a flash of upper thigh and navy boxers made themselves known as he strode up and down the touchline shouting commands at his players . scroll down for video . sartorial slip-up : bayern munich manager pep guardiola runs through tactics with his players , while ignoring the draft that has emerged at the top of his left leg . a hint of navy : guardiola 's tight-fitting trousers before the tear ( left ) and after the rip ( right ) during bayern munich 's 6-1 victory over porto . the spanish tactician , who teamed his tight , grey suit with a navy pullover , black tie and crisp white shirt , joked after the clash : ' i 'll have to buy new ones for the next match . ' guardiola would n't be the only famous face guilty of stepping into a suit that is a little on the snug side . the current trend for wearing a whistle and flute that is at least a size too small , presumably to showcase a well-honed physique , has seen plenty of stars sail a little close to the wardrobe malfunction wind . so , who 's guilty of worshipping at the altar of super-tight slacks ? russell brand . guilty . dermot o'leary . guilty . olly murs . in danger of restricting the blood flow . yes , it 's officially a wardrobe malfunction ... but has guardiola simply fallen foul of wearing a suit that is a little on the snug side ? blame 007 : daniel craig wore a close-fitting tom ford suit in 2012 bond movie skyfall ... and thousands of men followed the trend . and breathe ! if beckham gets the snug look just right , his fellow essex boys , including jeff brazier ( pictured right ) are guilty of going a little too tight . the rock star 's take on the whistle and flute : harry styles does n't bother with a jacket but his trousers are certainly skinny , while russell brand goes for a second ( snake ) skin with his casual version of the suit . king of the second skin ! dermot o'leary rarely wears a suit that could be described as roomy . the trend for a tighter fit has emerged in recent years with ' skinny ' , ' slim ' and ' heritage ' fits all offering a snugger-looking silhouette . cast an eye back three years and the most recent incarnation of james bond , in sam mendes ' 2012 movie skyfall , was seen wearing the kind of form-fitting suit that makes you wonder how it might have been possible to wear it and brawl on top of a train while hurtling through turkey . throughout the film , an unruffled daniel craig sported a grey , tailored suit by tom ford which may have been the catalyst for other celebrities wearing a similar look . during his just-ended eight-year reign on the x factor , dermot o'leary 's suits have got progressively smaller , seeing him once forced to reach for a safety pin moments before presenting the live show . o'leary said at the time : ' i remember having a wardrobe malfunction on the x factor . ' i had this tight-fitting alexander mcqueen suit and felt the trousers rip…from pole to pole , shall we say . i just had to skilfully apply a safety pin and hope for the best . it was terrifying . ' high street menswear retailer hawes & curtis told femail that figure-hugging clothes are no longer just for women . not much room to give ! olly murs , who split his trousers on stage in sheffield in 2012 , sails close to the wind again here while performing at the v festival in 2013 . a thigh-ful ! towie stars dan osborne and joey essex are both partial to leaving little to the imagination when it comes to formal wear . edward smith , head of brand for the company said : ' the skinny look has taken over everyone 's wardrobe , regardless of gender . ' men have been wearing tight t-shirts and shirts for a while now - our best-selling shirt is now an extra slim one . ' remember , men do n't want to look great at the weekend and then put on a baggy old suit for the working week . the office is just as much their chance to shine , so suits have had to go through a skinny transformation as much as any other garment . ' other stars who 've fallen foul of their own outfits exposing them include fellow x factor presenter olly murs , whose penchant for clothes that show off his best assets saw his trousers split as he performed on stage at sheffield arena in 2012 . wearing a matching burgundy waistcoat and pants , the star was dancing on his knees when the fabric covering his undercarriage gave way revealing sparkling white pants . for more examples , you only have to wander to the streets of chelsea or essex , as the reality television stars who grace our screens on the only way is essex and made in chelsea do n't appear to own a more roomy suit between them . towie star dan osborne is clearly proud of his buff body and regularly showcases it in slimline attire and joey essex is also partial to a tight pair of strides . while david beckham rarely gets it wrong these days when it comes to fashion , he is definitely also a fan of a tight suit , and arguably carries it off to perfection . what do the fashionistas make of the super-snug suit ? fashion blogger simon glazin is n't convinced by the current trend . he told femail : ' over the last couple of years , terms like ' super skinny ' and ' ultra skinny ' have been adopted by menswear retailers when it comes to suiting , and to be quite honest , they scare me . ' ' there 's the circulation-restricting connotations the words ' ultra skinny ' bring with them but also the simple truth that a too-tight suit can be quite hideous to look at . ' men are in danger of going for a debonair look but can end up revealing way too much , he adds . ' you do n't want to show the world everything you 've got ! ' some things should remain , erm , under wraps . you find bigger men stuffing themselves into these skinny suits , and the results are disastrous . ' as male models get thinner , so do suit cuts , but this is not representative of this country . us men with ' real ' bodies need suits that do n't feel restricting . and do n't restrict blood flow . ' who should you go for if you want comfort and style ? ' designer labels such as versace and salvatore ferragamo offer suits that have a bit of breathing room . ' let 's hope pep , dermot and olly are reading .