jose mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against chelsea , even after taking a huge step towards the barclays premier league title on saturday . eden hazard’s first-half goal gave the league leaders a 1-0 win over manchester united , but there was controversy when united were denied a late penalty . ander herrera went over under the challenge of gary cahill but referee mike dean adjudged the spaniard to have dived . manchester united midfielder ander herrera knocks the ball past chelsea defender gary cahill inside the box . herrera sticks out right leg to make contact with cahill before falling to the ground and appealing for penalty . cahill and herrera go head-to-head after the united man was penalised for diving late on at stamford bridge . replays showed some contact between the two players during stoppage time but herrera looked to have moved his leg to provoke a collison . and mourinho took the opportunity to pick at an old wound in his long-running feud with sky sports . ‘ i am happy that it was not a chelsea player , ’ he said . ‘ if it was a chelsea player , in this moment on sky it would be “ somebody 's crimes , cheating , the champions of the team without fair play” and this kind of things . ’ mourinho was angered earlier this season when sky used the headline ‘ diego costa crimes’ in their analysis of chelsea’s capital one cup semi-final win over liverpool in january . jose mourinho reignited talk of a campaign against cheslea after saying the incident will be forgotten because it is a manchester united player . chelsea forward eden hazard ( second from left ) slots the ball past manchester united goalkeeper david de gea to open the scoring . hazard wheels away to celebrate his 13th premier league goal of the season as de gea slowly rises to his feet after conceding . costa was later suspended for a stamp on martin skrtel and the chelsea manager saw sky’s coverage as contribution to the player’s three-game ban . he also hinted in his pre-match press conference that chelsea were disliked and abused because they were making the premier league ‘boring’ by leading from start to finish . ‘ because it 's a man united player tomorrow nobody remembers , ’ mourinho added . ‘ the conspiracy doesn’t go on , i 'm happy it 's not a chelsea player . ’