serie a champions juventus want to strengthen their attacking options this summer with a big-money move for psg striker edinson cavani , according to a report in italy . corriere dello sport claim that juve have a plan in place to sign the in-demand uruguayan as they look to partner him with fellow south american carlos tevez . cavani , who played for italian sides palermo and napoli before joining psg in a £50million deal in 2013 , has admitted his frustration at being played out of position under laurent blanc . psg striker edinson cavani ( left ) is a target for juventus according to italian newspaper corriere dello sport . manchester united also hold an interest in cavani , pictured in action against marseille last weekend . he told canal plus : ' the only concern that i have ever spoken about is that i was recruited to play as a striker with ( zlatan ) ibrahimovic and it has not always been the case . ' there is a long series of games where i have not scored in ligue 1 but that can happen . in france , people judge me as a lone striker , but i do not play in that position . ' former manchester united boss david moyes attempted to sign cavani before he joined psg and the old trafford club remain interested in acquiring him when the transfer window reopens . louis van gaal is hoping to bring two new strikers to old trafford this summer with radamel falcao unlikely to turn his loan move into a permanent one and robin van persie being eyed by both juve and inter milan . united appear to have an advantage over juventus in their pursuit of cavani after the player 's agent , claudio anelucci , admitted that a move to england or spain was most likely . cavani ( left ) has admitted that he is concerned about playing out of position under laurent blanc ( right ) . cavani 's agent claudio anelucci says his client is most likely to move to england or spain this summer . he told gazzetta dello sport : ' is cavani on the market ? at this point it 's a little early to say . ' edi is under contract at paris saint-germain and there are several factors that come into play with respect to his future . ' ' once the situation is clarified there are several different scenarios given that players like him , at his level of maturity , are coveted by the biggest clubs in europe . ' the market would seem to suggest spain or england - we ca n't say at the present time that an italian club could participate in the bidding for cavani . '