a michigan family have been left devastated after a state department of natural resources officer shot dead their beloved pet potbelly pig , claiming little ' caesar ' made him feel threatened while on the loose . brandy savelle and tony gervasi had caesar for two years and were recently trying to teach him to an outside animal . when caesar went missing from their home in ispheming on the weekend , the family tried to find him , and followed some tracks in the soft grass . ' when i followed the prints ... it was like a puddle of blood , at first i did n't believe it , ' savelle told wluc-tv . killed : little caesar was shot dead at the weekend after wandering off from his family 's home in ispheming in northern michigan . he was killed by a dnr officer , who believed he was feral . beloved : brandy savelle ( pictured ) and tony gervasi have had caesar as a pet for about two years , and had been trying to teach him to stay outdoors when he wandered off . bffs : caesar and the family 's pet dog got along famously , the couple said . savelle continued : ' i just started screaming for him . ' the incident became quite a big deal in the area , with announcements on facebook quickly spreading and a page set up on go fund me . a day later , a natural resources officer showed up at the couple 's door . ' we figured he had information so with excitement , brandy answered the door asking if he knew anything about the pig , ' mr gervasi said . ' the man responded ''actually , i am responsible for the missing pig… '' . the officer explained that caesar ' came out of the woods at me running at a trotting pace ' . he said he ' felt threatened ' so shot him . the officer maintained he believed the animal was feral . scene : mr gervasi took this photo of the blood they found after following caesar 's tracks and put the photo on facebook when the pig was still missing , which quickly spread . shot dead : the officer explained that caesar ' came out of the woods at me running at a trotting pace ' and that he shot the pig , believing he was a feral animal . harmless : the state is defending a department of natural resources conservation officer who shot caesar on the belief the pig was wild . the shooting also happened on state land . in such circumstances officers are permitted to shoot animals that can carry disease and/or damage property . peter wright , a law supervisor for the dnr , told wluc-tv that the officer was just doing his job . he said the officer believed it was a feral pig , since it had no identifying marks to distinguish him as a pet . ' i want to make it very clear that it 's never ever , ever the department 's position that we want to shoot people 's pets , ' said wright . ' if he had any inkling it was a pet , he absolutely would n't have shot it . ' upsetting : the family are now trying to get caesar 's body in order to bury him , but have been told they can only take possession of his ashes . brandy savelle and tony gervasi are now trying to get caesar 's body back . however they have been told they can only take possession of ashes . ms savelle is demanding that some sort of recourse comes out of the situation . ' if it was that big of a mistake then we would like to see better training , ' she said . ' let 's learn to identify not just pigs , but all pets . ' 