david cameron this morning attempted to explain away how he forgot which football team he supported - by claiming it was because he 'd seen another club 's ground the day before . the prime minister , who insists he has been an aston villa fan ' all his life ' , was giving a campaign speech in south london on saturday when he joked that everyone should back his team – but then named west ham instead of the west midlands giants . an embarrassed mr cameron this morning admitted he could n't explain what happened - but said it must have been because he had been past west ham 's famous upton park ground in east london on friday . it later emerged that the prime minister actually flew over the ground in a private helicopter charted to get him back to london quickly after a day 's campaigning . scroll down for video . david cameron , appearing on itv 's lorraine this morning , was ridiculed after appearing to forget which football team he supported . the prime minister tried to explain away his gaffe by saying he had driven by the west ham stadium the day before . appearing on itv 's lorraine , the pm said : ' i had been past west ham the day before - i ca n't understand it , but there we are . ' but he added : ' i do n't think these are the things that determine the election . ' a senior conservative source told mailonline the pm had not returned to london on friday on the party 's battle bus - but had flown back from clacton-on-sea . on mr cameron 's flight back from essex - paid for out of conservative party funds - he is likely to have passed over the old west ham ground . earlier in the day , mr cameron had travelled to lincoln on the train , before jumping on the battle bus for campaign stops in colchester and frinton upon sea . mr cameron had earlier insisted he became a villa fan after watching the team beat bayern munich in the european cup final as a child . but when he was asked what year the match took place or who scored the winner , mr cameron refused to answer . the prime minister claimed he had been ' overcome by something ' , adding : ' it was just one of those things . ' he said he had gone ' off script ' with the remark adding : ' i suppose it 's just the campaign . by the time you have made as many speeches as i have on this campaign all sorts of funny things start popping out of your mouth . ' an aerial view of upton park home of west ham united football club in east london - which mr cameron flew over by helicopter on the way back from clacton , essex , on friday afternoon . mr cameron has been pictured watching football with his son elwyn - but admitted that he does not go to live games very often . mr cameron claimed he became a villa fan after watching the team beat bayern munich in the 1982 european cup final - but admitted he could not remember the year of the triumph . peter withe , left , scored the only goal of the match , and nigel spinks the reserve ' keeper performed heroics . david cameron 's uncle sir william dugdale . david cameron said he started supporting aston villa because his uncle was ' involved in the club ' . in fact , the prime minister 's late uncle sir william dugdale was aston villa 's chairman from 1975 to 1982 . in the final year of his chairmanship , villa beat the odds to win the european cup . mr cameron said he remembered the glory days back in the early 80s ' . he said the star players andy gray and brian little ' got me going ' . at the time of the gaffe , mr cameron likened himself to the green party leader natalie bennett , who infamously blamed a ' brain fade ' after a disastrous interview . he said : ' i had what natalie would describe as a brain fade – i do n't know what happened to me . i think i was overcome by something . but these things sometimes happen when you 're on the stump . ' labour said the gaffe exposed the prime minister as a ' phoney ' . former downing street spin chief alastair campbell claimed it ' says a lot about his character ' , adding : ' out of touch . phoney . believes nothing . ' shadow chancellor ed balls , a norwich city fan , tweeted : ' hey david cameron ... i 'm off to see that football team i support this afternoon . name escapes me ... they play in yellow ... watford ? ' but mr cameron , interviewed by sky news host dermot murnaghan yesterday , said : ' my uncle was involved in the club and back in the early 80s and all those successes - andy gray and brian little got me going . ' i do n't go very often - in fact i have n't been for years and years - but i do try to keep up . we 're going to escape the relegation zone , which we 're out of now - and the cup final is very exciting . ' mr cameron 's late uncle sir william dugdale was aston villa 's chairman from 1975 to 1982 . reminded of his comment in 2001 in the house of commons that he was n't actually a football fan , mr cameron said : ' i mean , i 'm not a regular attender , i used to play football as a kid , my son plays football , and i try and sort of keep up with what 's happening in the premier league and see how villa are doing . ' but when they get snug in the middle of the table i tend to sort of , i tend to back off a bit . when we get close to the bottom i get nervous , but i do n't know what happened . ' mr cameron was asked to show his support for aston villa by naming the year of the club 's famous european cup final victory in 1982 . the pm said : ' it was early 80s , i 'm not going to give you a date because i 'll get it wrong . ' he added : ' i 'm not doing quiz time . ' mr cameron made the gaffe in a speech on multiculturalism in the uk – claiming it was possible to support a number of teams at the same time and still be british . he said : ' you can support man united , the windies and team gb all at the same time . ' but he then added : ' of course i 'd rather you supported west ham . ' speaking on the murnaghan programme broadcast yesterday morning , mr cameron tried to explain away the gaffe . he said : ' i 've been an aston villa fan all my life , i literally opened my mouth and i was going off-piste about the fact that in britain you can be a supporter of the west indies , a supporter of manchester united , and a supporter of team gb . '