a hospital has delayed kidney transplant surgery after a fundraising effort on behalf of donor to cover his time off work and expenses raised so much money it is now an ' ethical issue ' . the donor , josh dall-leighton of windham told the portland press herald that maine medical center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him . christine royles , 24 , of south portland , who is suffering from kidney failure , organized fundraisers to reimburse dall-leighton for unpaid time away from work . the donor , josh dall-leighton of windham said that maine medical center officials informed him this week that it has concerns about the amount of money raised for him . pictured : josh-dall leighton with his wife and two of their three sons , christopher and mason . needing help : christine royles , seen left with her fiance dominick morrilly and right with her son talan , scribbled a want ad for a kidney on her back windshield after going on the national waiting list for a donor . christine royles , 24 , of south portland , who is suffering from kidney failure , organized fundraisers to reimburse dall-leighton for unpaid time away from work . someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $ 40,000 ( pictured ) . someone else established an online fund that ballooned to more than $ 40,000 - it can be seen here . the appearance that someone could be profiting from an organ donation raises ethical concerns because it 's illegal to sell organs . royles was 23 when she learned she had two autoimmune diseases , lupus and anca vasculitis , leading to kidney failure . she went on the national waiting to find a donor , but chose to go a different route . plea : royles wrote this message on the back of her car looking for for assistance . royles painted an appeal for a donor on the rear window of her car , along with a phone number . the message read ' looking for someone 2 donate me their kidney ! must have type o blood : ) ( you only need one kidney . ) ' josh dall-leighton , 30 , saw the message on a trip to the maine mall with his family , according to the newspaper and called the number . the father-of-three , who works as a corrections officer told the portland press herald : ' i just looked at my wife and said , `` i have to try . '' i think it was the fact that i have three kids of my own , and that really resonated with me . ' if ( my wife ) needed a kidney and i could n't provide for her , i would hope that somebody else would kind of step up and help her out . ' royles spends 10 hours on a dialysis machine upon returning from her applebee 's job . the surgery had been scheduled for may . a hospital spokeswoman had no comment . 