this is the chilling message a mother wrote on facebook a day after allegedly abandoning her quadriplegic 21-year-old son in the pennsylvania woods with just a blanket and a bible . ' i 'm so happy , ' nyia parler , 41 , commented under a new picture of her cuddling her boyfriend on tuesday . just 24 hours earlier , police say she wheeled her care-dependent son into a park near their home in south west philadelphia and left him there , before going to stay with her partner in maryland . relatives , who had been contacted by the boy 's school when he did n't turn up to class on tuesday , commented on parler 's picture , ' nyia call me asap , ' and ' how the hell you happy ? ! ? call me ! ' on sunday police said that parler will be arrested as soon as she is released from hospital herself . parler was admitted to a maryland facility on sunday for an ' undisclosed condition ' and faces charges including aggravated assault , reckless endangering , neglect of a care-dependent person , kidnapping , unlawful restraint and false imprisonment , according to police in pennsylvania . ' when her treatment is completed , we will take her to court and she can either waive or fight extradition , ' capt . paul starks of the montgomery county , maryland , police said in a statement . chilling : this is the message nyia parler wrote on facebook hours after she allegedly left her quadriplegic son alone in woodland with just a blanket and a bible . relatives contacted by the boy 's school frantically replied . charged : parler ( right ) was detained in maryland on saturday night , charged with assault and neglect . police say she left her son on monday to visit her boyfriend john ferguson ( left ) in montgomery county , maryland . horrific : the quadriplegic man was found here on the floor of a secluded woodland outside philadelphia with this bible and this blanket , 10 feet from his wheelchair . he 'd allegedly been left there by his mother five days earlier . parler left her son — who also has cerebral palsy — lying in leaves and covered with a blanket next to a wheelchair while she left town on a romantic getaway with her new boyfriend , john ferguson , police said . he was found on friday night near cobbs creek park . police believe he had been there for five days and the last time he and his mother were seen together was on easter sunday . she then boarded a bus to bisit ferguson in maryland , said lt. john walker of the southwest detectives division . walker said the victim was found around the corner from their home , and he described the scenario authorities believe to have taken place : ' she pushes him about 150 yards from the highway into the wooded area , takes him out of wheelchair , lays him on the ground , puts a blanket over him and leaves a bible with him , and then just walks away . ' during the period he was exposed to the elements , the young man was ' completely defenseless ' in an area with wild animals , with no water and in cold , damp weather , walker said . ' it 's only by the grace of god that he survived this . amazing , ' he said . reports claim relatives have been trying to obtain guardianship of the boy from parler ( pictured ) for years . contacted in maryland after the young man 's school became concerned about her absence , the victim 's mother told relatives and authorities that he was with her , walker said . ' obviously her statements made during the week were not truthful , ' he said . her boyfriend , however , assumed other relatives were caring for the young man and ' was in shock when he learned what happened , ' walker said . a 16-year-old son also residing with the family is now in the care of other family relatives , walker added . walker said the son was hospitalized with dehydration , malnutrition , a deep cut on his back that caused concern about potential infection and possible eye injuries , but he appeared to be improving . ' he seemed to be a little happier yesterday , ' walker said . ' you could tell he knew his family was around and felt more comfortable . the 21-year-old , who is non-verbal and suffers from cerebral palsy , is now in philadelphia children 's hospital with his aunts , where he is being treated for dehydration and cuts to his back and eyes . officials told nbc philadelphia her son would have died if he had n't been spotted by people walking along a nearby street . ' this kid is obviously a fighter . it 's just unbelievable how we found him last night . it 's just heartbreaking to see how another human , especially a mother , could treat him like that , ' lt. walker of philadelphia police told abc . abandoned : a passerby noticed the 21-year-old here in a wooded philadelphia park . the son was hospitalized with dehydration , malnutrition , a cut to his back and eye injuries . according to philly.com two of his aunts , who are with him in hospital , have been trying to obtain guardianship for years . a neighbor , who declined to be identified , told dailymail.com : ' she used to push him out to the school bus in his wheelchair , she seemed to care for him . whenever i saw him , i saw her . ' another , who also wished to remain anonymous , said : ' i would see them outside together in the summer when he got home from school . nothing looked wrong , i did n't suspect anything . ' walker said the son was exposed to the elements and other dangers . ' a lot of things could have happened out there , ' he said . ' obviously he 's in the middle of a wooded area . you have wild animals there ... this kid could not defend himself . he does not function at all . ' walker added : ' what we 've learned so far is that the 21-year-old child lives with his mother , completely dependent on mom as a result of his condition . ' she also has a 16-year-old son who is staying with other family members . ' we know she left for maryland on monday to go see her boyfriend on a bus . ' the man had been reported missing from class at philadelphia 's school of the future on monday . however , when a teacher called parler she told them they were both in maryland and he was well . rescuers used flashlights to find the non-verbal in the east lansdowne area of philadelphia on friday night . investigation : police arrested the man 's 41-year-old mother , who left him alone in the park on monday morning to visit her boyfriend in maryland . officers recovered the man 's wheelchair ( pictured ) for evidence .