the stray dog was hit by a car , clubbed in the head and left for dead in a ditch in washington state . days later , the one-year-old bully breed mix showed up sickly and covered in dirt at a nearby farm . now , the dog that defied death is recovering with the help of good samaritans and veterinarians at washington state university . scroll down for video . survivor : ryann simmons sits with the dog his girlfriend is fostering at their home in moses lake , wash . the dog , theia , survived being run over , beaten with a hammer and buried , and now needs surgery . heroic : theia , a 1-year-old bully breed mix was hit by a car and then struck in the head with a hammer and buried , but she managed to dig herself out . hanging on : a driver hit the dog with a car -- and that person proceeded to strike the dog . the dog appeared to be hit with hammer in a mercy killing . the dog used to roam the streets getting scraps of food from people in moses lake , a farm town about 100 miles west of spokane . about a month ago , she was struck by a car . then things got worse : someone cracked her in the head with a hammer and placed her in a box in a farm field . but the dog somehow survived and was discovered at a nearby farm with a dislocated jaw , leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity . the wounds helped veterinarians piece together what happened , including the hammer blow . ' i 'm assuming that the person who did this meant to put her out of her misery , ' said sara mellado , who learned about the dog 's plight on facebook and took the animal into her moses lake home . she named the dog theia . recover : theia is scheduled to go into surgery in a few weeks time after raising money through crowdfunding . new lease of life : theia , who truly rose from the grave , rarely stops wagging her tail . back on all fours ! theia 's injuries include a dislocated jaw and multiple bone fractures around her nasal cavity , which makes it difficult for her to eat and breathe but it looks as though she is truly on the mend . ' considering everything that she 's been through , she 's incredibly gentle and loving , ' mellado told the associated press . ' she 's a true miracle dog , and she deserves a good life . ' theia is receiving care at wsu 's veterinary teaching hospital in pullman . a ct scan of her skull revealed a condition that constricts the nasal passages , restricting air flow into the lungs , said veterinary resident andrea sundholm , who 's assisting with theia 's treatment . it was caused by multiple nasal bone fractures . when theia tries to draw air in through her nose , she 's forced to open her mouth to breathe instead . but with a dislocated jaw , that is challenging as well . theia 's jaw is healing on its own , but the nasal-bone fractures have caused lasting problems , sundholm said . fixing that will require surgery to insert a stent , she said . help out : mellado has raised more than $ 12,000 towards the dog 's surgery using the crowdfunding website gofundme . so far , contributions have come from moses lake , washington state university and elsewhere . ouch ! x-rays of theia 's skull show the damage that was caused by everything she went through . the veterinary hospital 's good samaritan fund awarded $ 700 to help pay for theia 's early treatment . mellado has raised another $ 10,000 for the surgery through a crowdfunding website , and is planning to call wsu to schedule the procedure . the university said despite her injuries , theia is friendly and likes to kiss people 's cheeks . mellado said she has been deluged with calls from people seeking to help . theia is staying with mellado 's family until they find her a permanent home . ' she 's a puppy , ' mellado said . ' she 's outgoing , lovable , up for meeting new people . '