a formula one fan was arrested on friday after he ran across the track during practice for the chinese grand prix . the man is believed to have scaled the 10-foot grandstand fence before sprinting across the start-finish straight in between cars and then climbing the pit wall . it was reported that the fan then walked into the ferrari garage expressing his desire to race a grand prix car . the man scaled the grandstand on the start-finish straight before running across the track during practice . after darting across the start-finish line during the second practice session he then made a bid for the pit wall . the man then climbs on to the pit wall and hauls himself over before heading to the ferrari garage . the man was later said to have been waving his entry ticket and shouting : ' i want a car . i 've got a ticket ' . waving his entry ticket , it is believed the local man shouted : ' i want a car . i have got a ticket . ' he was promptly handed over to the authorities and taken away from the circuit . bystanders say he seemed a bit crazed , but not obviously drunk . the escapade will alarm chinese officials , said to be embarrassed by the incident , with entry on to the circuit where cars reach speeds in excess of over 200mph , strictly prohibited . motorsport 's governing body , the fia , is currently looking into the matter , alongside the promoters and circuit officials . neil horan , wearing a kilt and waving a religious banner , took on a gaggle of cars at the 2003 british gp . the incident , which took place during the second practice session at the shanghai international circuit , will have evoked memories of the 2003 british grand prix when a protester stormed the track . drivers were forced to take evasive action as fanatic neil horan , wearing a kilt and waving a religious banner , took on a a gaggle of cars at the 200mph hangar straight . the safety car was deployed before horan was tackled by a race marshall and arrested . friday 's incident also comes a year after the chequered flag at the chinese grand prix was waved a lap early . ' i thought i was starting my last lap and i glanced up and saw something waving , and realised it was the chequered flag , ' race-winner lewis hamilton said of the embarrassing gaffe by a circuit marshall . ' i lifted and lost about a second and a half but the team said `` keep going '' . they told me the race stopped there . if the radio had failed and i had slowed down and nico came past , that would have really sucked . thank god , it didn’t . ' hamilton set the pace in both of friday’s practice sessions as he bids to win his fourth race in shanghai . lewis hamilton was fastest in both practice sessions for this weekend 's chinese grand prix . the briton , mobbed by fans in the paddock , is bidding to win his fourth chinese grand prix .