there is an image of jose mourinho and pep guardiola deep in conversation during a barcelona training session that did the rounds on social media a few years ago . mourinho was bobby robson’s assistant at barcelona and guardiola was in his final years as a player at the camp nou at the time . the picture became the perfect ‘ guess the caption’ competition the best one having guardiola say to mourinho : ‘i’ll be barça coach one day and i’ll win the treble’ and mourinho replying : ‘ yeah right , and i’ll manage real madrid . ’ jose mourinho and pep guardiola in deep conversation following a barcelona training session . no sooner had luis enrique joined barcelona at the start of this season and the photo libraries threw up an even better shot – one of luis enrique , pep and jose in their time at barcelona . then the archive scanners began to notice something about some of the other faces in the pictures from this era – isn’t that current psg coach laurent blanc ? and isn’t that current porto coach julen lopetegui ? and aren’t four of the coaches of the last eight in this season’s champions league from the same club at the same time ? ( from l-r ) barcelona 's juan carlos busquets , luis enrique , mourinho and guardiola at training . laurent blanc comes up against enrique at the parc des princes on wednesday in the champions league . blanc was a huge part of the barcelona xi that won the spanish super cup under bobby robson in 1996 . luis enrique comes face to with blanc in the parc des princes stadium on wednesday night and both will have plenty to catch up on . they were both in the barça team that started the 1996-97 season by winning the spanish super cup against atletico madrid 6-4 on aggregate . with robson in charge and mourinho’s assisting him the team that won the first silverware of the new season included not just the french world cup winner and the 62-times spain international and the aforementioned lopetegui and guardiola but albert ferrer , who started the season as cordoba coach ; abelardo fernandez , who is now coaching sporting gijon in spain’s second tier ; and sergi barjuan , who has just taken over at almeria . the barcelona xi that won the spanish super cup under bobby robson in 1996 is breeding managers . guardiola takes on former barcelona team-mate julen lopetegui who is currently porto manager . albert ferrer , seen battling pedrag mijatovic for the ball , went on to coach spanish side cordoba . bobby robson and bulgarian defender hristo stoichkov celebrate victory against real betis . also in the team were hristo stoichkov who has coached celta vigo and bulgaria among others and juan antonio pizzi , who managed valencia last season and is now at leon in mexico . even those players from that team who never went on to manage have stayed in football with giovanni now working as a scout for olympiakos and guillermo amor a former director of barcelona’s youth academy who is now director of football at adelaide united fc . among the squad players that season were roberto prosinecki and emmanuel amunike now coach with azerbaijan and nigeria’s under-17s teams respectively . former barcelona 1996 squad player lopetegui is currently manager of portuguese giants porto . michael laudrup ( left ) and ronald koeman both went on to manager premier league clubs . enrique travels to paris to take on blanc 's psg side at the parc des princes in the champions league . ahead of his meeting with blanc on wednesday , luis enrique crossed swords with old friend and former team-mate sergi barjuan two weeks ago when barça played almeria . “ it was the last thing we looked like becoming , ” he said when i asked the barcelona manager if both he and sergi had looked like coaches-in-waiting in their playing days . “ you change the way you look at things once you retire . ” luis enrique believes those who played in positions where they had the pitch in front of them for most of the game – the full-backs , the centre-backs , pep guardiola in holding midfield – went on to coach in part because of how tactically astute they had had to become to be successful in their positions as players . former argentinean striker juan antonio pizzi went on to manage valencia and is now in mexico . julen lopetegui : porto boss . albert ferrer : former cordoba coach . gheorghe popescu : jailed for money laundering . abelardo fernandez : sporting gijon coach . laurent blanc : psg boss . luis enrique : barcelona manager . sergi barjuan : almeria coach . guillermo amor : adelaide united sporting director . pep guardiola : bayern munich coach . hristo stoichkov : former bulgaria and celta vigo coach . juan antonio pizzi : former valencia boss now at leon in mexico . andoni zubizarreta : former sporting director at barcelona . albert ferrer : former cordoba boss . ronald koeman : southampton manager . fernando muñoz : no coaching roles . eusebio : former barcelona b boss . pep guardiola : bayern munich coach . jose mari bakero : coached at malaga and real sociedad . michael laudrup : former swansea , getafe and mallorca coach . juan carlos : coaching role at valladolid . julio salinas : television pundit . hristo stoichkov : former bulgaria and celta vigo coach . it’s perhaps more of a surprise that so many attacking players also graduated to the technical area . some will have got jobs because they played for barcelona rather than because of all they learned at barça – it’s the irresistible pull of giving a barça old boy a job in the hope he will be able to build a side in his former team’s image . but for every failure there has been a success and there is a 50 per cent chance that whoever wins this season’s champions league , via the coach , barcelona’s prints will be on the trophy .