the post office failed to properly investigate why money had gone missing from branches before launching court proceedings against subpostmasters , a report revealed yesterday . many were sacked , stripped of their savings and even jailed after cash shortfalls were recorded at some branches – despite claims that a faulty it system was to blame . the post office asked forensic accountants second sight to investigate the horizon it system in 2012 , following complaints from dozens of subpostmasters who said they had been wrongly accused of theft , fraud and false accounting when cash shortfalls were discovered . the post office failed to properly investigate why money had gone missing from branches before launching court proceedings against subpostmasters , a report has revealed ( file picture ) . now a leaked copy of the accountants’ independent report has suggested that the discrepancies could have been caused by computer failures , cyber criminals or human error . it also accused the post office of failing ‘ in many cases’ to identify ‘ the root cause of shortfalls’ before starting civil or criminal proceedings . the review said some criminal cases brought by the post office were ‘ motivated primarily’ by a desire to recover the money and did not appear to be supported by sufficient evidence . it went on to claim that the post office had failed to provide the accountancy firm with the documentation they required , and had ‘terminated’ their contract before they finished their research . the report has sparked fresh calls for a full independent inquiry into the computer system used by postmasters after the report reported concerns that ‘ in some circumstances horizon can be systemically flawed’ . former conservative mp james arbuthnot said some subpostmasters had been ' dragged through the mud ' . former conservative mp james arbuthnot , who led an mps’ campaign to support the subpostmasters , said : ‘ these people have been pillars of the community who had their reputations dragged through the mud – some have been sent to prison , they’ve been made bankrupt , they’ve had contracts terminated , i understand at least one has committed suicide . and the way they have been treated is an utter disgrace . i think there needs to be an independent inquiry . ’ responding to the report , the post office said the review had repeated ‘ complaints made by a very small number of former postmasters , as well as a number of assertions and opinions’ – but had not offered any new evidence to support the claims . they pointed out that they have received 150 complaints about the it system since it opened a complaints system two years ago , a number they said represents a ‘ tiny fraction’ of the 500,000 people who had used the system ‘effectively’ . a spokesman said : ‘ in none of post office’s own work , nor through any of second sight’s work , has any information emerged to suggest that a conviction is unsafe . ’ but andy furey , of the communication workers union , said : ‘ this is another damning report which reiterates the serious concerns of many postmasters . part of the problem throughout has been the bullish behaviour of the post office towards postmasters who feel that they are helpless victims of a computer system gone wrong . ’ sacked : subpostmaster michael rudkin , 57 . a subpostmaster was pursued to the brink of ruin and his wife left contemplating suicide after being prosecuted by the post office . michael rudkin , 57 , believes action was taken against him after he allegedly discovered that data in branches could be altered remotely – potentially explaining mystery cash shortfalls . the day after mr rudkin expressed concern at the revelation , a post office auditor turned up at his shop in ibstock , leicestershire , to tell him £44,000 was unaccounted for . ‘ my world was turned upside down , ’ he said , adding : ‘ i became like a drowning man with no life raft . ’ despite insisting he never saw a penny of the ‘missing’ funds , mr rudkin was forced to repay the money and his wife susan , 60 , who did most of the day-to-day running of the branch , was prosecuted and given a suspended prison sentence . mr rudkin had his contract terminated while his wife was left ‘ contemplating suicide’ after her conviction .