spotted : pippa middleton is said to have been buying up the mull-cloth nappies in geneva . with the birth now imminent , relatives of the forthcoming royal baby will be ready to shower the newborn with expensive gifts from london’s smartest shops . but the duchess of cambridge may be in line for a more practical present for her baby – a supply of biodegradable nappies from her sister , pippa middleton . at £4 each , the mull-cloth nappies are not cheap and they are yet to really catch on in the uk . but they are all the rage in europe and pippa , 31 , may have learned of their merits during one of her frequent trips to switzerland where her boyfriend nico jackson lives . shoppers in geneva have reported seeing pippa buying the nappies in a shop there . most of their appeal comes from the fact that they are made from natural fibres – meaning , unlike conventional nappies , they don’t end up in landfill heaps . kate is unlikely to be too concerned about their cost but will know that using eco-friendly nappies will please the baby’s grandfather , prince charles , a keen environmentalist . pippa will be aware that kate adores natural clothing materials . the first photograph taken of prince george as the family left st mary’s hospital in london in 2013 showed him wrapped in organic muslin cotton swaddling from a clothing brand aden + anais . pippa has also recently been seen visiting a high-end baby boutique in geneva where she enquired about a £140 rocking chair . she has also spent a ‘ small fortune’ on baby grows from clothing brand arsène et les pipelettes , according to an eyewitness . eco-friendly : the nappies are very popular in switzerland , but have yet to catch on in the uk . she bought in neutral colours , suggesting that even she has not been told whether kate is expecting a boy or a girl . last night supporters of the duke and duchess were camped outside the private lindo wing of st mary’s hospital in paddington , london , where the duchess is expected to give birth imminently . 