the future of ac/dc is again in doubt , after drummer phil rudd pleaded guilty in a new zealand court , to charges of threatening to kill and of possessing drugs . rudd , 60 , was charged with two counts of threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and of cannabis , which stem from a police raid on his waterfront north island mansion on november 6 . the veteran rocker had originally pleaded not guilty to the charges . but with his judge-alone trial due to begin on tuesday , in the tauranga district court , his lawyer changed his plea to guilty . scroll down for video . veteran ac/dc drummer phil rudd arrives at court ahead of changing his plea to guilty on charges of ' threatening to kill ' and drug possession . ac/dc drummer phil rudd climbs out of his car as he arrives to face charges at the district court in tauranga , new zealand . the 60-year-old australian , who has lived in tauranga for over 30 years , hit the headlines last november when he appeared in court accused of attempting to hire a hitman to kill two people . phil rudd arrives at court to change his plea to guilty but the maximum sentence for threatening to kill is seven years in jail . the case has been adjourned until june 26 when rudd 's lawyer will apply for a discharge without conviction . phil rudd , 60 , appears in court on tuesday on charges of threatening to kill and possession of meth and marijuana at tauranga district court . he changed his plea to guilty ahead of sentencing . one ' threatening to kill ' charge has been dropped and he has been remanded rudd on bail , with existing conditions , until sentencing on june 26 . rudd was also initially charged with `` attempting to procure murder '' , but it was dropped after prosecutors decided there was insufficient evidence to proceed . the court had earlier heard that rudd wanted a former security guard ' taken out ' . the case has left rudd 's position with the top-selling band in doubt . drummer chris slade replaced him for a performance at the grammys in los angeles . phil rudd ( drums ) performing in germany in 2009 with the young brothers malcolm ( left ) and angus ( front ) . blast from the past . phil rudd with ac/dc in 1979 . despite the serious charges hanging over his head the 60-year-old says he wants to join the band again on their world tour . brian johnson and angus young caught in typical pose during ac/dc 's performance on day one of coachella , as the band gets used to life without phil rudd and malcolm young . while slade suggested he would also play in the upcoming `` rock or bust '' world tour , rudd said last year that he wanted to keep his job . a summary of facts released by prosecutors last year alleged that rudd threatened to kill a man and his daughter in a phone call in september . he also allegedly called a business associate and detailed what he wanted done to the man . the document alleged that when police raided rudd 's home they found 0.71 grams ( 0.025 ounces ) of methamphetamine and 130 grams ( 4.5 ounces ) of cannabis . threatening to kill charges carry a maximum jail term of seven years in new zealand . australian-born rudd , has lived in the north coast seaside town of tauranga since 1983 . ac/dc will bring their ' rock or bust ' world tour home to australian in november after kicking off proceedings at the coachella festival in the us and moving onto europe . the highly anticipated rock or bust tour will head down under in november . the group , which began in 1973 , kicked off the gigs at coachella in california . from there it 's onto europe where they play holland , germany and austria . the band has not only had to deal with phil rudd 's absence but also that of malcolm young , replaced by his nephew stevie , after he retired because of dementia .