photographers have captured some remarkable pictures of the lyrid meteor shower above the uk last night . the meteor shower , visible around the world but best seen from europe , has been observed for the past 2,700 years and peaked overnight with between ten and 20 an hour . and the cosmic show will continue on into saturday , so it is still possible to catch a glimpse of some meteors if you did n't last night . scroll down for video explanation . john phelan took this picture , showing the lyrid meteor at porthcurno beach in cornwall in the early hours of this morning . nick watson , a semi-professional photographer from newcastle , captured an amazing picture of the meteor over lindisfarne castle on holy island in northumberland . he took his photo around 1am bst this morning and incredibly managed to get the colourful northern lights in the picture too . ' it was an amazing display and i saw quite a few shooting stars . it was the first time i had seen the lyrid meteor shower and i 'm really pleased to have got a shooting star on camera , ' said nick . the lyrids are so-called because they occur in the constellation lyra . amateur photographer and astronomer stephen cheatley also took a photo of the meteor at the forest of bowland in lancashire . he spent around one-and-a-half hours watching the meteor and managed to get his incredible picture at around midnight . ' i was very lucky to capture that particular meteor as it was extremely bright , ' he said . john phelan also took a series of meteor shots at porthcurno beach in cornwall in the early hours of this morning as the sun was rising . this picture by stephen cheatley shows the lyrid meteor at the forest of bowland in lancashire on the early hours of 23 april . photographers captured some remarkable pictures of the lyrid meteor shower above the uk last night . here a lyrid meteor is seen by by lindisfarne castle on holy island in northumberland , as captured by nick watson . he took his photo around 1am this morning and incredibly managed to get the colourful northern lights in the picture too . gemma lavender , all about space magazine : ' the lyrid meteor shower - while not as strong as the quadrantids , which were visible earlier on in the year - are still a worthwhile meteor shower to watch especially since it can offer up a sudden burst in meteor rate . ' in general , the lyrids usually peak at ten meteors per hour but one of these unpredictable bursts could mean that you’ll see anywhere up to 100 meteors per hour . ' these sudden bursts are fairly unpredictable , so you really need to wait and see if this shower will offer up any surprises this year ! ' the lyrids are active through to 25 april , although activity would have weakened by then , but it is possible to catch stray meteors over the next few nights . ' comet thatcher ( c/1861 g1 ) is the source of the lyrid meteors . ' earth crosses the orbital path of the comet and bits of rock and ice that thatcher sheds smash into our planet’s upper atmosphere at around 110,000 mph ( 177,000 km/h ) . ' those `` shooting stars '' that you see are debris being vaporised . ' this picture by john phelan shows the lyrid meteor at porthcurno beach in cornwall in the early hours of this morning . another picture by john phelan shows lyrid meteors at porthcurno beach in cornwall . the strength of the showers vary from year to year and most years there are no more than five to 20 meteors an hour . but in 1982 americans counted nearly 100 an hour and in 1803 it was as high as 700 an hour . this year was particularly good for the lyrids as the moon was a waxing crescent and was n't in the way . the lyrids occur when earth passes through debris left by comet thatcher , which orbits the solar system every 415 years . the meteors are sand-like particles and leave luminous streaks across the sky as they burn up in the atmosphere . they are most active in the night sky between april 16 and 25 , peaking this week . the meteor shower is visible around the world but best seen from europe . several meteors are visible here . this year was particularly good for the lyrids as the moon was a waxing crescent and was n't in the way . graeme whipps captured this stunning picture of the lyrid meteor shower above pitcaple in aberdeenshire last night . ' i was out photographing the sky and saw the meteor , which was amazing , ' said mr whipps , 50 , who works as a meteorologist . chris burton , meteorologist with forecasting service the weather network , said : ' with high pressure dominating the weather this week , much of the [ uk ] has seen clear skies , providing perfect viewing conditions for the meteor shower . ' dr radmila topalovic , an astronomer from the royal observatory , greenwich in london , added : ' the best place to see the lyrids is to find an open field where you can see the whole of the night sky . the best time is a few hours after midnight where you can expect to see most of the bright streaks in the early hours of the morning . ' scan the sky over the course of the night as the meteors can pop out from any direction . '