over the past couple of weeks it has n't just been zayn malik 's departure from one direction that has been making the headlines , it 's been his personal life too . for zayn 's relationship with little mix singer perrie edwards as come under scrutiny as the 22-year-old was once again accused of cheating on his fiance . at the weekend swedish model martina olsson claimed that she had slept with zayn while he was holidaying in thailand recently . scroll down for video . zayn and perrie pictured in happier times , the young couple have this week jetted off on what was thought to be a make or break holiday following accusations of him cheating . the 24-year-old told the sun on sunday 's james beale : ' perrie should not stay with zayn any longer because he has cheated on her and continues to lie about it . it is not the first time either , so maybe she will walk away . ' and martina is right , this is n't the first time zayn has been accused of cheating . in fact , the pair 's union could be compared to that of cheryl fernandez-versini and ashley cole . the similarities are certainly there . like cheryl and ashley both zayn and perrie , 21 , have enjoyed a huge amount of fame . and like cheryl and ashley their romance has been dogged with cheating allegations , almost from the start . cheryl and ashley were happily married until she discovered that he had cheated on her on several occasions . the x factor alumni twosome first got together in august 2011 but by august 2012 it was being reported that zayn had been filmed through the keyhole of a hotel room with another woman . then in february 2013 the couple were hit by a kiss and tell when australian waitress courtney webb told the sun newspaper than she had bedded the then 20-year-old . courtney - who took photos of zayn while he was asleep - said at the time : ' he 's an absolute s**t. how dare he - not only to me but to perrie ? ' she also added : ' i definitely do n't think it 's the first time he 's done this . i feel sorry for perrie - she does n't know this is going on . it 's wrong and it has to stop . ' then at the beginning of march zayn was pictured with his arm around a girl named lauren richardson in thailand , a second shot showed the pair holding hands . zayn has been accused of cheating on four occasions , the first was by courtney webb ( left ) , the most recent was swedish model martina olsson . when courtney claimed she had bedded zayn she claimed took these photographs of him apparently sleeping in her bed . after this picture of zayn with lauren richardson was released he tweeted saying that he loved perrie . this photograph enraged one direction fans as it appears that zayn is holding lauren 's hand in the picture . that was , in fact , the only time that zayn , who left one direction last week after five years in the band , has made any comment on the stories of his betrayal . he took to twitter to say : ' i 'm 22 years old ... i love a girl named perrie edwards . and there 's a lot of jealous f*** in this world i 'm sorry for what it looks like x ' . but just a week or so later martina 's claims came out . she alleged that zayn had asked her to share a shower with him before taking her to the bedroom of the apartment where he was staying . for cheryl , who is now re-married , the cheating rumours eventually became too much and she ended her marriage to ashley in 2010 . at the time the footballer had been accused of cheating her two years . the first was hairdresser aimee walton who claimed to have slept with him . by february 2010 , just a month before cheryl announced their split , four more women had come forward to say the same . zayn and perrie got engaged in 2013 but he has since been accused of cheating on her on several occasions . tracey cox says that zayn 's level of fame will be difficult for someone so young . but perrie , who accepted zayn 's marriage proposal in august 2013 , is currently sticking by her man - who has yet to comment on the latest allegations . she and zayn were pictured boarding a private jet earlier this week and are thought to be on a ' make or break ' holiday . for the most part though , despite the on-going accusations of infidelity , zayn has remained relatively high in public favour - unlike ashley . we spoke to relationship expert tracey cox who told us that this could be because he is younger . she said : ' i think at this point the public are more lenient on him because he is a young guy in a boy band rather than a footballer , who are known for excessive behaviour and thinking the rules do n't apply to them . ' but the main difference between his behaviour and that of ashley cole is that he 's young . ' his fame might seem appealing but the reality of coping with that much money and fame at such a young age is going to have consequences . ' of course , he 's going to make some mistakes along the way . i believe him when he says he 's stressed . will perrie and zayn 's relationship ended up like cheryl and ashley 's ? tracey continued : ' ashley is older and , as an adult , should have the maturity to go beyond instant gratification to be able to think through the consequences . ' the other difference of course is that ashley was married to cheryl while zayn is dating . there 's a different level of commitment there . ' but , even having said all that , i would join others in cautioning perrie about trusting him again . ' the evidence appears clear that some type of infidelity is happening on a regular basis and by taking him back after each incident , perrie is effectively saying it 's ok to cheat . ' mailonline has contacted zayn 's representative for comment .