it was due to be a routine mission to examine the depths of the gulf of mexico . however , researchers were stunned when their underwater robosub had an unexpected encounter almost 2,000 feet under the ocean . rather than the deep sea squid and corals they expected to see , a giant sperm whale swam to inspect their sub - causing gasps and shouts of ' holy cow ' from the sub 's operators . scroll down for video . the robot sub was examining the depths of the gulf of mexico when the sperm whale suddenly appeared . the sperm whale is the largest toothed whale . adult males reach 16-20 meters ( 50-65 feet ) in length , although most are less than 18 meters ( 60 ft ) . females are much smaller than males , reaching only 11 meters ( 36 feet ) on average . the sperm whale 's life is based on sound . it finds food and navigates using sound and it communicates and stays in touch with its family using sound . sperm whales are listed as an endangered species under the u.s . endangered species act . the global population size is estimated as somewhere between 100,000-300,000 animals . ' what the heck is that ? ' says one of the crew , when all of a sudden a massive object begins to appear on the screen . ' hello baby , ' says another . ' at 598 meters ( 1,962 ft ) below the gulf of mexico off the coast of louisiana , rov hercules encountered a magnificent sperm whale , ' ' the whale circled several times and gave our cameras the chance to capture some incredible footage of this beautiful creature . ' encounters between sperm whales and rov 's are quite rare . ' footage shows the curious leviathan swimming in and out of the camera lights , at times spinning and looking directly into the camera . ' you can see its eye , ' one of the crew says . ' according to biologists we 've consulted , the animal on the video is likely a juvenile , especially if it 's a male , ' they say . ' general consensus among the experts who have examined the video is that it is a male , though the video of the underside of the whale is grainy so it is difficult to know with 100 % certainty . ' it was difficult to tell the actual size of the whale , the team say , but the rov is 6 feet wide in the front . using this as a guide , and how close he was to the vehicle , it is estimated the whale was between 35-40 feet in length . the team also investigated the scarring visible on the whale . ' it could be a number of things , including squid tentacles and suckers , especially the scars around the efface and mouth ; but likely not propeller scars like the comments made in the video . this neutrally buoyant yellow remotely operated vehicle ( rov ) is the workhorse of the nautilus exploration program , and it always used in tandem with argus , it 's mothership . hercules is equipped with six thrusters that allow the pilots to ' fly ' it in any direction . it has two manipulator arms designed for collecting samples and recovering artifacts . video from hercules ' high-definition main camera is streamed up a fiber-optic cable to the control van on nautilus , then out to the world . it is capable of operating down to 4,000 meters . ' it could also be from other sperm whales . ' they often jaw each other when playing or socializing . ' sperm whales are identified with the scars on the trailing edge of their tails . ' the whale can be seen inspecting the robosub in the video . the researchers were piloting the hercules sub when the encounter occured . this neutrally buoyant yellow remotely operated vehicle ( rov ) is the workhorse of the nautilus exploration program , and it always used in tandem with argus , it 's mothership . hercules is equipped with six thrusters that allow the pilots to ' fly ' it in any direction . it has two manipulator arms designed for collecting samples and recovering artifacts . video from hercules ' high-definition main camera is streamed up a fiber-optic cable to the control van on nautilus , then out to the world . it is capable of operating down to 4,000 meters . dr. robert ballard’s exploration vessel e/v are on their most ambitious expedition season yet , exploring sites ranging from the gulf of mexico to british columbia through late september . over six weeks of the six-month expedition will be dedicated to exploration and mapping of the galapagos rift and the site of the first hydrothermal vent discovery in 1977 . the six-month-long 2015 season marks the transition of the vessel and operations of the ocean exploration trust ( oet ) to the west coast of the united states and the pacific ocean , concluding over two years of research in the gulf and caribbean regions . e/v nautilus is owned and operated by the ocean exploration trust ( oet ) , a nonprofit founded in 2008 by dr. robert ballard .   