it 's the festival that fashion forgot - and this weekend celebrities were leading the bad-taste brigade at coachella . revellers at the arts and music extravaganza in the californian desert are known for their ' out there ' outfit choices but this year festival-goers wore ever more outlandish looks . yet even among the acres of exposed flesh , lame pieces , mesh maxi dresses , skintight patterned leggings and leotards , a few stars ' dubious style still managed to stand out . scroll down for video . another pair are trussed up in neon tutus and floral-adorned bras . one man decided to ditch all the outfit-choosing hassle and simply dressed up as a mummy , wearing a full bodysuit in the scorching sun . neon swimming hats were among some of the colourful outfits on display at coachella this weekend . jaden smith , 16 , wore a floral-print tunic that seemed to resemble a tiered dress . will smith 's son jaden smith , 16 , was spotted in a floral-print tunic worn over , what looked like a wrap around skirt . later he swapped it for another all-black tunic , which he teamed with a bright red floral headband and retro silver-framed round sunglasses . while pal kylie jenner was photographed in nude-coloured hot pants - which looked like they came from brother-in-law kanye west 's latest catwalk show - and hiking boots , and later a bizarre black lace body stocking , with festival-inappropriate lace-up heels . the teen also sported an array of out-there hair choices : first opting for a shocking cotton-candy shade , and later her signature jet-black hair in sections of gothic silver plaits . reality star kylie jenner , 17 , shared a picture of herself wearing nude hotpants and hiking boots on instagram ... ... and was later pictured wearing see-through black body stocking with festival-inappropriate lace-up heels ( right ) , with boyfriend tyga ( middle ) and sister khloe ( left ) . double offender ! jaden smith was pictured later on in the second weekend of coachella sporting bright floral headgear and odd eyewear . paris hilton , who is often pictured wearing a maxi dress , went for a busy blue version with a deep v-neck that almost dipped to her navel . but her accessories were the real fashion faux pas and included sunglasses with rose gold details at each corner and a pair of embellished cat ears . khloe kardashian showed her commitment to the new fringing trend in an an all-white skin-tight dress with a dangerously high thigh-split and matching jacket with heavily fringed sleeves . singer katy perry went for a demure look in a tent-like rose coloured layered dress , which she wore with a thick tribal neckpiece . paris hilton , 34 , sports bizarre rose-petal cat ears at the second weekend of the coachella festival in indio , california . fringing queen : khloe kardashian , 30 , threw some shapes in a fringed coat and a dress with a dangerously high thigh-split . katy perry , 30 , and posse opted for a mix of boho and pastel prints , but the real eye-catcher was perry 's alarmingly chunky tribal necklace . but while most of the famous festival-goers committed crimes to fashion , they looked positively demure compared with their fellow merrymakers . it seemed neon was very much the obsession of the weekend , with many people turning up in an array of bright tiny outfits and accessories , including flower-adorned swimming caps and tutus . one man , who looked slightly worse for wear , sported a thigh-skimming peter pan costume , no shoes and muddy feet , with a child 's wellington boot around his neck as a necklace . others sported brash prints with clashing headgear , and women - and men - showed an abundance of skin in painfully-tight shorts . one woman paired a vietnamese traditional hat , as well as an oriental fan with a body suit and a completely sheer maxi-skirt . a few attendees simply opted for strange headgear and accessories in order to up the ante , with a neon battery-powered fur hood , excessively-adorned veils and heavy-duty hair jewellery . the boy who never grew up ? one man opted for a peter pan costume as well as bare feet and sported a child 's wellington boot as a necklace . one couple went with clashing prints , including tropical fish and bizarre headgears and goggles . cheeky ! another few revellers shed the layers in the california heat , and showed off an abundance of skin . one woman paired a vietnamese traditional hat and oriental fan with a black body suit and a revealing sheer maxi-skirt . lights up ! a woman sports an odd pink neon battery-powered fur hood with her lace yellow dress . some attendees sported an array of bizarre heavy-duty veils and hair accessories . some festival-goers opted for seemingly uncoordinated looks , with one woman sporting pineapple print leggings , glitter plimsolls , a fringed slogan top , carrying a flag emblazoned with marijuana symbols . one man decided to ditch all the outfit-choosing hassle and simply dressed up as a mummy , wearing a full head-to-toe bodysuit , with holes cut for his eyes , in the scorching sun . it also seemed that gold lamé was the choice fabric of the weekend , with a few revellers trussed up in it , whether it was a crimped cape or skin-tight hot pants . clash-tastic ! a woman sports an uncoordinated look , with pineapple print leggings , glitter plimsolls , a fringe slogan top and other apparel emblazoned with a marijuana symbol . one woman dances in the heat in a crimped gold lamé cloak . another man is seen sporting strange gold leaf transferable tattoos on his chest . another festival-goer shows off an abundance of skin in a black crop top and tiny gold lamé hot pants .