does any player fluctuate between world-beater and under-achiever more than andros townsend ? currently on a high after his stunning equaliser for england against italy in turin on tuesday night , the 23-year-old tottenham winger has already had more ups and downs than most players experience in their careers . on his day , townsend stands in comparison with the very best . he terrifies defenders with his speed and directness – a trait he also possesses off the pitch judging by his ' told you so ' tweet to a critical paul merson this week . that ability was first noticed two years ago when he single-handedly tried to save qpr from relegation with a string of virtuoso performances . later in 2013 , he turned in two of the great international displays of recent years when he destroyed montenegro and poland at wembley to book england 's place at the world cup . andros townsend unleashes an unstoppable right-footed strike from 20 yards to score england 's equaliser . the tottenham and england winger celebrates his goal against italy , which was his third for his country .  his strike in turin , measured at 77.2mph , was further evidence he belongs on the top table . ' we are indebted to andros – he is a game-changer , ' said england manager roy hodgson . and yet ... how can a player with townsend 's obvious ability be sent out to nine different clubs on loan by spurs . why has he still not played a full 90 minutes for his club in the premier league this season ? how come in the autumn it was townsend rather than aaron lennon who was seen as surplus to requirements at white hart lane ? he has scored as many goals for england as he has done in the premier league for spurs . wingers are by nature of their position more inconsistent than other players . if they are starved of service , they can appear ineffectual . and if they try too hard when they do get the ball , they can squander possession . and even by wingers ' standards , townsend is a risk-taker . it can make him look unstoppable at times and a waste of time at others . hodgson admitted agonising about giving him a debut ahead of james milner and jack wilshere against montenegro 18 months ago , but he was man of the match and scored the important third goal in a 4-1 england victory . townsend celebrates scoring england 's third goal against montenegro in a world cup qualifier . townsend as a pundit for itv during the world cup . articulate and bright – his father troy is a leading figure in football 's anti-racism body kick it out – he was comfortable in the television studio as a pundit at last summer 's world cup when an ankle injury ruled him out of hodgson 's squad . sometimes intelligence also means a determination to play the game your way , not always appreciated by managers obsessed by tactics . townsend thrived with harry redknapp at qpr but it did n't look as if he fitted in under mauricio pochettino at spurs . he started the season being used for capital one cup and europa league games rather than the important premier league stuff . even now , if things are n't going well , the chances are townsend will be sacrificed . at old trafford he was taken off after half an hour when spurs were being beaten 2-0 by manchester united . but he is starting games now ahead of £25million erik lamela with another rival , lennon , loaned out to everton . for his club , he has hit some rarefied heights , most notably a european game against dynamo tbilisi when he scored a goal and made two others . when hodgson 's squad was announced for the recent double-header against lithuania and italy , merson claimed townsend should n't have been included . the player had scored for the three lions against san marino this season but missed the slovenia and scotland games with another ankle injury , another reason for his inconsistency . following his equaliser , townsend tweeted in response : ' not bad for a player who should be ' nowhere near the squad '' . he later added he hoped he had silenced his critics . townsend looks dejected after his first-half substitution during tottenham 's 2-0 defeat by manchester united . the truth is townsend 's style may be best suited to international football which after all is cup knockout when you get to the big tournaments . for the grind of a full premier league season , you ca n't afford to have one thrilling moment followed by wasting possession or a wayward shot . the statistics back that up . he has scored three goals in seven games for england compared with three in 21 premier league starts for spurs . he will have to try to improve on that ratio when he dons his club shirt again at burnley on sunday . in that sense , you can understand why hodgson will continue to pick him regardless of club form . he is , in the manger 's words , a game-changer . tottenham will be hoping that townsend can replicate his international form for his club .