dele alli has set his sights on the toulon tournament with england under 20s as he aims to cap a season that will live long in his memory . the 19-year-old 's impressive performances for milton keynes dons earned him a dream move to the premier league with tottenham hotspur in a £5million deal rubber-stamped in january . loaned back to the dons for the remainder of the season , alli 's 14 goals have helped keep them in touch with the automatic promotion places in league one . dele alli has set his sights on playing for england under 20s at the toulon tournament next month . dele alli has impressed for mk dons this season leading to tottenham signing him for £5m in january . alli laid on two assists for team-mate carl baker during the dons ' 3-0 home win over doncaster rovers on tuesday night , a result that leaves them a point behind second-placed preston north end with two matches to play . the season has seen progress for alli on the international scene too , with good performances for sean o'driscoll 's under 19 team . his absence through an ankle injury was a big blow as the team failed to qualify for the under 19 european championships but alli could compensate for that by winning a place in aidy boothroyd 's under 20 squad for toulon next month . alli told the fa.com : ' i 'm not going to lie and say it is n't [ a target ] . you want to do as well as you can . the aim is to eventually get into the first team . alli keeps his eyes on the ball as he shoots during mk dons ' victory against doncaster rovers on tuesday . alli was named football league young player of the year at the football league awards last sunday . ' obviously the next step to that is the under 21s and that 's the aim for me to try and break into that squad or the under 20s . ' i really enjoyed playing for the under 19s last year , especially with the team we had and the manager . ' we played a real attractive game , and we liked to play football and that is what i 'm used to so it was n't like i was going away and playing a whole new story . ' i 've really enjoyed it and obviously my aim is to eventually get into the seniors . so any age group i play in , the better for me . ' the aim next year for me is to play at the highest level i can for england . ' alli poses alongside fa chairman greg dyke ( left ) at the awards in london on sunday night . england have been drawn in group b of the toulon tournament with china , ivory coast , mexico and morocco . they begin their campaign against morocco on may 28 . his influential performance against doncaster continued another good week for the midfielder , who was voted young player of the year at the football league awards on sunday night . ' it was a real honour to win it - especially with the players i was up against in patrick [ bamford of middlesbrough ] and nathan redmond [ of norwich ] . ' they 're great players , and from playing with patrick last season [ during his loan spell at mk dons ] , i know just how good he is , so it was a great honour and achievement for me . ' but it would n't have been able to do it without my team-mates . '