the bbc filled more than half its election tv debate audience with left-leaning voters , some of whom were brought in from scotland and wales , it emerged last night . the audience at the filming of thursday night’s debate in westminster repeatedly cheered calls for more public spending and strong defences of immigration . when ukip leader nigel farage interjected and said they were prejudiced , ‘ even by the left-wing standards of the bbc’ , the audience only booed him further . scroll down for video . bias : when ukip leader nigel farage ( right ) said the audience was prejudiced , they only booed him further . david dimbleby , who hosted thursday night’s debate between the labour , ukip , green , snp and plaid cymru leaders , pointed out that the audience had not been selected by the bbc , but by a ‘ reputable polling organisation’ , later to be revealed to be icm . the bbc initially refused to disclose the political make-up of the audience but eventually released figures late yesterday . of the 200-strong audience , about 58 were conservative or ukip supporters while about 102 backed left-leaning parties – labour , the lib dems , snp , plaid cymru or the snp . the rest – 40 – described themselves as undecided . the figures mean just 36 per cent of the audience members with a declared political allegiance were supporters of the tories or ukip . but the latest icm poll for the guardian put the tories on 39 per cent and ukip on 7 per cent – a total of 46 per cent overall . last night mr farage said : ‘ if the audience make-up didn’t reflect that then it’s wrong . ’ out in the cold : ukip leader nigel farage cuts a isolated figure at the end of the bbc tv debate on thursday . the bbc told icm to make sure a fifth were so-called floating voters , and for every five labour supporters in the room , it made sure there were five for the conservatives , four for the lib dems , two for the scottish national party , two for the green party and one for plaid cymru . the figures suggest supporters of the tories and ukip were significantly under-represented . icm admitted that it recruited almost all of its audience members london . the company said in a statement that it identified ‘30 small geographical areas’ within a 20-mile radius of the westminster debate hall and found at least eight people from each one . it also selected a ‘ small number’ of snp and plaid cymru from scotland and wales using an undisclosed method ‘ reasonably decided upon by icm’ . the company refused to answer any other questions about the matter . yesterday the bbc refused to disclose how many people had complained about its broadcast . ‘ our data shows the number of audience contacts were heavily influenced by the issue being raised during the debate and therefore we won’t be giving out figures , ’ a bbc spokesman said . conservative mp andrew percy said : ‘ the audience should reflect the opinion polls and the fact is that nearly half of the country say they would vote conservative of ukip , ’ . ‘ you have to ask yourself what would have happened if the audience had been right of centre . the left would have had a field day . they would have been so holier-than-thou . ’ john hemming , liberal democrat mp for birmingham yardley , said the bbc’s behaviour was ‘ludicrous’ and its refusal to publish the number of complaints ‘ added insult to injury’ . the contest saw labour 's ed miliband , snp 's nicola sturgeon , ukip 's nigel farage , green 's natalie bennett and plaid cymru 's leanne wood go head-to-head . 