you would be forgiven for thinking these colourful scenes of dancing , singing and beating drums is something straight off the streets of south america . but in actual fact it’s wellington in new zealand . the quaint capital city put on one hell of a show last weekend for its inaugural cubadupa festival – a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks . scroll down for video . the wacky and delightful electric groove rider stormed down wellington 's cuba street at the weekend for the city 's inaugural cubadupa festival – a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks . wellington batucada – a community-based percussion group – brought the flamboyant world of samba to cuba street with late night revellers eager to be part of the dancing street party unfolding . wellington’s iconic and bohemian cuba street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists for the contagious and frenetic festivities . the massive scale festival – the first of its kind in several years - saw lively street performances , circus acts taking over parks , performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across the corners of the city . performers dressed in outrageously outlandish costumes strolled casually through the nooks and crannies of cubadupa just like the average-dressed tourist . cubadupa transformed everyday parking blocks into stages across the cuba street precinct , with more than 100 different performances scheduled over the weekend . the quaint capital city put on one hell of a show at the weekend for its inaugural cubadupa festival – a colourful party that shut down streets and spanned several blocks . performers dressed in outrageously outlandish costumes strolled casually through the nooks and crannies of cubadupa just like the average-dressed tourist . cubadupa transformed everyday parking blocks into stages across the cuba street precinct , with more than 100 different performances scheduled over the weekend . and not even the rain could dampen the carnival spirit with thousands soaking up the party vibes along the cuba street precinct . as the rain started to fall on saturday afternoon , brazilian-style drumming group sambatron led the crowd in an energised dance procession down the main street . the party continued with wellington’s cuban salsa specialists , cuban fusion and cuban quartet calle cuba , hosting a dance class that drew in the young and old for a large scale conga line . no one even batted an eyelid as revellers spontaneously broke out into a dance at the first sound of a beating drum or trumpet . wellington’s iconic and bohemian cuba street was the centre point of all activity and drew in thousands of locals and tourists for the contagious and frenetic festivities . many craned their necks to catch a glimpse of spanish street performers osadia creating wacky hairstyles straight out of the hunger games . not even the rain could dampen the carnival spirit with thousands soaking up the party vibes along the cuba street precinct . the massive scale festival – the first of its kind in several years - saw lively street performances , circus acts taking over parks , performers dancing in shop windows and music stretching across the corners of the city . the punk costumed , theatrical dancers that make up the wacky and delightful electric groove rider was a huge drawcard as performers made their way up and down the street in a unique pedal powered mobile sound system . a flashmob took over a circus-themed carpark with children and even the elderly invited to take part as they performed a hilarious mashup of the kiwi classic poi e and michael jackson’s thriller . wellington batucada – a community-based percussion group – brought the flamboyant world of samba to cuba street with late night revellers eager to be part of the dancing street party that quickly unfolded . but it wasn’t just the musical and dance performances that had everyone on their feet . many craned their necks to catch a glimpse of spanish street performers osadia creating wacky hairstyles straight out of the hunger games . various performers took to wellington 's cuba street in an array of culture and colour over saturday and sunday . unicorn roxy coervers and princess courtney l'amour were among the festival-goers dressed to impress . culture was at the heart of cubadupa with traditional dances and costumes a highlight of the event . circus acts twirled from suspending ropes and hoops in what would have been just a regular carpark on any other day . cuba street is regularly a hub for entertainment and food , so it’s no wonder the varying eclectic tastes were on show in true street festival style . wellington is said to have more bars , restaurants and cafes per capita than new york – and they were certainly out in force during cubadupa . more than 60 vendors were on hand on saturday to serve food on the street , with many eateries setting up stalls outside their shops to draw people in . on sunday , cuba street was transformed into a massive outdoor café with resident eateries including scopa , ombra and mattherhorn setting up tables on the street for the hungry festival-goers . cubadupa , which is a retake on the former cuba street carnival , is said to have cost about $ 500,000 to put on and will be funded for the next five years . daily mail australia was at cubadupa as a guest of positively wellington tourism . spanish street performers osadia were busy creating wacky hairstyles straight out of the hunger games . cuba street is regularly a hub for entertainment and food , so it’s no wonder the varying eclectic tastes were on show in true street festival style . musical and dance performances had everyone on their feet for the city 's inaugural cubadupa festival .   