scientists have used a gecko as inspiration to create super-strong robots that can carry over 100 times their own weight . the nine-gram robots - built by mechanical engineers at stanford university in california - can haul more than a kilogram up a vertical wall . another robot created by the scientists - nicknamed μtug - weighs just 12 grams and can drag a weight up to 2000 times heavier . they are so successful they could be used in emergencies , in factories or on construction sites in the future . new footage shows one robot slowly pulling an older model up a wall as it hangs on a delicate piece of string . david christensen , a student in the cutkosky lab , compared the robots ' achievements to a human pulling a blue whale . he told new scientist : ' you can do some pretty amazing things . ' scientists have used a gecko as inspiration to create super-strong robots , one pictured , that can carry over 100 times their own weight . geckos have small hairs on their feet to enable them to scurry across ceilings and walls without falling off . the robots ' ' feet ' are covered in tiny rubber spikes , mimicking these hairs . they were built under a microscope using tweezers . they will be presented next month at the international conference on robotics and automation in seattle , washington . geckos have small hairs on their feet to enable them to scurry across ceilings and walls without falling off . the tiny hairs create a weak bond with the area they are standing on , allowing them to get a strong foothold . as they are not sticky , they are also able to attach and detach their feet easily . these adhesives toepads are what inspired the scientists at stanford university . the robots ' ' feet ' are covered in tiny rubber spikes , mimicking the hairs . when pressure is applied by the robot climbing the wall the spikes bend , which increases their surface area and allows them to ' bond ' to the surface . only one foot moves at a time to ensure the robot moves forward without falling down .