a fashion photographer suffering from cystic fibrosis ( cf ) is revolutionizing the way people look at the life-threatening disorder by snapping the portraits of 56 adult women living with the genetic disease to bring hope to children and teens diagnosed with the condition , which has no known cure . ian pettigrew , 46 , from ontario , canada , was working on his book of portraits , just breathe : adults with cystic fibrosis , when he realized that he had far more female subjects than male . after someone noted that the collection of photos was ' turning out to be a bunch of hot chicks with cf ' , he became inspired to start his second project , salty girls , starring women with the disorder , which damages the lungs and digestive system . ' i know what these woman go through on a daily basis ; everyday it 's a struggle living with cf . and , to the uninformed , it is the invisible fatal disease , ' he wrote on his website of the upcoming book , which is ' dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting cf truly are ' . scroll down for video . beautiful fighter : ian pettigrew , from ontario , canada , photographed this woman with cystic fibrosis holding her oxygen tank as a part of his second book , salty girls , which aims to bring awareness to the disease . lifelong battle : on his website , mr pettigrew , 46 , wrote that the upcoming photography book ( pictured ) is ' dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting cf truly are ' . for those with the inherited condition , a defective gene and its protein product cause the body to produce a thick , sticky mucus in the lungs , pancreas and other organs , with symptoms including frequent lung infections , persistent coughing , wheezing , shortness of breath , poor growth and slow weight gain . mr pettigrew explained that at the time he had seen in the news a model with crohn 's disease posing in a bikini with her colostomy bag , as well as tyra banks interviewing a model with vitiligo , a disease that causes the causes the loss of skin color . ' i just thought well , it 's time for a model with cf , ' he said . the project 's name , salty girls , is derived from the fact that people with cf have more salt in their sweat compared with those who do not have the disorder . life of the party : this model posed in her lace bra while holding a dos equis beer bottle for her portrait . still smiling : another woman with cf wore a green two-piece to show off her chest tube . ' these women are inspirational and fearless , and we want to show hope for those younger cfers , ' mr pettigrew noted of the women , who are roughly between the ages of 20 and 40 . one of the models with cf , who chose to remain anonymous , revealed on mr pettigrew 's website that the disease has led to her having ' countless body image issues ' . ' it took a huge amount of courage for me to be able to expose my body for salty girls , ' she explained . ' when i look at my body , all i see are my scars . ' she added : ' i pick out every single thing i find wrong with my body , and compare it with other women 's bodies . ' the woman recalled growing up and being made fun of for the scar on her stomach , which was from her first of many surgeries . after years of being insecure with her body , she has vowed to take a stance . proud woman : this model posed topless for mr pettigrew while smiling at the camera . stay strong : another woman with cf flaunted her tattoos in a black bra top and matching underwear . badge of honor : one of the women featured in the book ( pictured ) wore a colorful bikini top while exposing her scars on her stomach . ' i will learn to appreciate , love , and nurture my body the way it should be . my body may be scarred due to all of the physical trauma i have had to endure with cystic fibrosis , but , it will never define `` me '' as a person , ' she wrote . ' it will define my experiences and how it has shaped my perspective on myself , and everyone that is struggling [ sic ] . ' she added : ' my scars tell a story of a triumph after every obstacle . my scars tell me that no matter the bs i 've had to deal with in my life - i still manage to keep the fire in my spirit burning . that is enough to keep me going [ sic ] . ' mr pettigrew , who was n't diagnosed with cf until he was 38-years-old , is looking to bring hope to children and teens with the fatal disease . last year , pettigrew traveled 6,000 miles to 25 different cities to photograph 92 adults with the disorder for his book just breathe . no fear : another model rolled up her muscle t-shirt to show off her scars , as well as her arm tattoos . important message : this woman wore a tank top that reminds others that she is beautiful . eskimo-inspired : this cf sufferer sported a furry hat and nothing else when she posed for mr pettigrew . ' one of the goals of this project was for younger people with cf to see the portraits and know there is future for them , ' pettigrew told the mighty . ' yes , there are varying degrees and not all cfers are alike . but with the advances in treatment , proper nutrition and exercise , it is a far brighter future than even just 10-15 years ago . ' according to the cystic fibrosis foundation , few children who suffered from the disease in the 1950s lived to attend elementary school , but now many people diagnosed with the condition can expect to live into their 30s , 40s or longer . an estimated 30,000 people in the united states have cf , and nearly half the cf population are age 18 or older . ' people still have to realize this is a fatal , life-shortening disease , ' mr pettigrew explained . ' [ cf ] is brutal and heartbreaking . but there’s a sense of hope and optimism as well . ' casual look : a woman with ' salty girls ' written on her shoulder donned a black bandeau top and denim cutoffs for her portrait . happy girl : another young woman showed off her cleavage in a black dress with a mesh cutout . pin-up inspired : this model proudly posed with her hands on her hips in a floral bandeau top and high-waisted briefs .