you won’t find it written down anywhere in black and white yet it remains one of the unseen by-laws of the game : until such time as an almighty mess is sitting squarely on fifa’s front step , the governing body chooses to keep the door bolted firmly shut . rows over goal-line technology were hardly something new when frank lampard’s infamous ‘ghost’ goal against germany in the 2010 world cup finally brought matters to a head . the 2000 africa cup of nations final between nigeria and cameroon had already been scarred by a similar howler while the world watched agog five years later as a pedro mendez effort which crossed the line at old trafford was incredibly missed by all the officials despite keeper roy carroll ending up tangled in the rigging . celtic striker leigh griffiths has a goal-bound shot blocked by the outstretched arm of josh meekings . such was the hullabaloo over the incident involving the portuguese star that fifa did , in fact , begrudgingly make some noises about trialling goal-line systems but it was no more than platitudes to appease the masses . it took lampard’s ruled-out effort in bloemfontein – with the ball being clearly a yard over manuel neuer’s line in the last-16 match – for the dam to finally burst . despite initially shrugging off calls for the adoption of goal-line technology to be approved , fifa relented two years later with the system fully operational last year in brazil . the lesson for scottish football fans still bemused by events at hampden park on sunday when the officials failed to spot a potentially game-changing handball ? perhaps only when such an outrage occurs in the world cup in russia in three years’ time will common sense prevail . for those who believe the sfa are intransigent to football embracing the kind of video technology that would have seen josh meekings red carded and celtic awarded a penalty in the scottish cup semi-final , here’s some news… . in february , the international football board – the sfa , fa , irish fa , welsh fa and fifa – gathered in belfast supposedly to discuss the possibility of approving trials . before the meeting , fa representative david gill made no bones about his association’s stance . griffiths heads the ball , which is deflected clearly off the hand of inverness ' josh meekings ( left ) on sunday . ‘ we can’t live in the past , ’ he stated . ‘ greg dyke the ( fa chairman ) has come out and said he embraces it , and i think in certain circumstances i would look at it . we’ve got to move forward . the game is getting much quicker . ‘ the tv coverage , you know , 28 , 30 cameras a game . everything is replayed , replayed . so how do we use that ? my personal view is yes , sensibly , but it needs to be done in a manner that doesn’t detract from the fast-paced , quick action of football . ’ despite cases also being forwarded by the sfa and irish fa to at least take the matter further , fifa , aided by a sceptical welsh representative , simply kicked the matter into the long grass . it won’t be discussed again for at least another year now with the inevitable injustices far enough off the radar in the interim . ‘it’s a question of making the biggest decision ever in the way football is played , ’ said fifa’s secretary general jerome valcke by way of an explanation for its rejection afterwards . while that may well be the case , procrastinating on the issue is hardly likely to resolve it . injustices like those that almost certainly cost celtic a place in the scottish cup final on sunday are hardly a rarity in the global game . celtic captain scott brown ( left ) has words with referee steven mclean during the scottish cup semi-final . yet , until such time as one directly affects the outcome of a world cup match involving one of the game’s heavyweights , they seem set to remain an ugly , unsatisfying feature of the landscape . to the great embarrassment of michel platini , the stationing of additional officials behind both goals has proved to be an extraordinary waste of time . seemingly less reluctant to get involved than traditional linesman , ‘ additional assistant referees’ - to give them their sunday names - have seemed utterly superfluous since they were first trialled in the 2009-10 europa league . on sunday , alan muir , the official behind the goal , should have had a clear view of meekings’ handball . but for reasons best known to himself , he failed to advise referee steven mclean on what seemed an inevitable course of action . it took the high-profile blunder that denied frank lampard in 2010 to shift fifa on goal-line tecnhology . ‘ i knew it was a penalty , ’ said celtic striker leigh griffiths . ‘ i think everyone in the ground knew it was a penalty . i asked the ref why he didn’t give the penalty and he said the assistant behind the goal said it hit him ( meekings ) on the face . ’ there is absolutely no excusing such crass incompetence . mclean and muir should both have seen the handball with their own eyes and , even if one may have blinked at the wrong moment , assuredly one of them should have ensured the right call was made . that they didn’t is another blight on what’s been a desperate season for officiating in this country . perhaps more than ever , the sfa now has good reason to press fifa to at least road-test video technology . it’s hardly unchartered territory in sport . for those who prefer the oval ball game , a television match official has been part of the fabric of rugby for 14 years now . no-one claims the system is perfect – decisions can often take longer to reach than they should - but few would dispute that it hasn’t enhanced the game because the right outcome is eventually arrived at . lampard 's disallowed goal forced fifa to rethink , and scottish fans must hope for a similar incident . used only in first-class and international televised games , the tmo can only rule on exactly what the referee asks him . this usually involves , in try-scoring situations , whether a player’s foot has been in touch or to see if the ball has been properly grounded , but the tmo is also used to review if there has been dangerous or foul play . while the video review is normally conclusive , the snag – which is clearly a red flag for fifa – is the time delay . at a recent aviva premiership match between northampton saints and saracens , it took four minutes of review to award the winning try to the former while two other tries were disallowed . edward griffiths , the saracens chief executive , later labelled the tmo process ‘ a shambles’ . ‘it’s almost make it up as you go along , ’ griffiths said . indeed , rugby’s growing concern over the effect the tmo is having on the sport has led to hawk-eye , the ball-tracking technology company , to hold talks with the international rugby board about providing a replacement to the current system . rugby 's tmo may not be perfect , but it has shown that the game is better for use of technology . hawk-eye , which is already used in cricket , tennis and for goal-line decisions in football , says it can provide information for decisions within a few seconds by synchronising cameras from multiple angles . paul hawkins , the founder of hawk-eye , said : ‘ our system is a much cleverer way of looking at incidents . in aussie rules , we have halved the average time for decisions to be made . ’ it can be assumed that , were fifa to give tacit approval to video technology , hawk-eye would have just the programme to fit the bill . using it sparingly would maintain the rhythm of football whilst ensuring that the 17 laws of the game are correctly applied . for football , the answers are already out there . if only someone would first ask the questions . 