a woman who threatened to jump to her death off a new york city bridge was saved by a group of hero cops who spent more than two hours talking the woman out of jumping . the unidentified woman from greenpoint , brooklyn , was apparently distraught over her troubled marriage . she walked to the kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side shortly before noon on monday , climbed over a railing and stood on a section of metal piping barely wide enough to fit her feet . scroll down for video . a woman walked on to new york city 's kosciuszko bridge from the brooklyn side on monday just before noon , climbed over the railing and stood on a section of metal piping 125 feet above newtown creek . police arrived on scene at about 11.50am and spent more than two hours talking to the woman and trying to calm her down . at about 2pm the woman agreed to be rescued and new york police department officers pulled her to safety over the railing . after she was pulled to safety by police officers , the woman was taken by ambulance to elmhurst hospital for observation . emergency services were called to the scene at about 11.50am and two lanes of the brooklyn-bound side of kaosciusko bridge as officers tried to keep the woman calm . two nypd patrol boats cruised 125 feet below the bridge on newtown creek , which connects greenpoint to maspeth , queens , according to the new york post . a witness said the woman is a 44-year-old polish mother-of-one who was going through a tough divorce with her husband . ' i 'm just glad [ authorities ] were able to talk her down , ' said the witness , who did not want to be identified . ' she 's just going through a difficult time and needs help . ' a witness said the woman on the bridge was a 44-year-old mother-of-one from poland . she reportedly was from greenpoint , brooklyn . she agreed to be rescued after police officers spoke to her about her daughter , and was lifted off the bridge ' so she could be with her ' , a police source said . a witness said she is going through a divorce with her husband and is having ' a difficult time and needs help ' . by about 2pm , the woman agreed to be rescued and police officers were able to grab the woman by the arms and pull her to safety on the bridge , where she was then taken to elmhurst hospital by ambulance for observation . a police source said that she was talked into climbing to safety ' so she could be with her daughter ' , according to the new york daily news . ' she was having marriage problems , ' the source said . ' one of the ways ( the cops ) connected with her was to talk to her about her daughter . ' the kosciuszko bridge was built in 1939 and is part of the brooklyn-queens expressway . it 's named after tadeusz kosciuszko , an 18th-century polish war hero and american revolution u.s. general . as police talked the woman into being rescued , to nypd patrol boats cruised the newtown creek below the kosciuszko bridge .