lucy , the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found , still has a few secrets to reveal . discovered in 1974 , the 3.2 million-year-old skeleton stunned archaeologists who unearthed the fossil while digging in an isolated spot in the afar region of ethiopia . now , a new look at the ancient hominin 's skeleton suggests one of the bones may , in fact , belong to a baboon . lucy , the oldest and most complete fossil of an early human ever found , still has a few secrets to reveal . a new look at the ancient hominin 's skeleton suggests one of the vertebrae bones may belong to a baboon . despite being uncovered 40 years ago , lucy is still being studied to learn more about our ancestors . the skeleton belongs to a species called australopithecus afarensis and is around 40 per cent complete . when discovered in ethiopia , lucy was the only skeleton of the species known ; she would 've stood 3.5 feet ( about a meter ) tall . currently , more than 300 individuals of this species , which lived between about 3.85 million and 2.95 million years ago , have been uncovered . the strange discovery of a baboon bone was made when gary sawyer and mike smith at the american museum of natural history in new york began work on a reconstruction of lucy 's skeleton ( right ) . the strange discovery of a baboon bone was made when gary sawyer and mike smith at the american museum of natural history in new york began work on a reconstruction of lucy 's skeleton . ' mike pointed out that one of the [ vertebra ] fragments , which no one , including me , had really paid close attention to , looked fairly small to fit with the rest of lucy 's vertebral column , ' scott williams at new york university told the new scientist . the researchers thought one possible explanation was that the fragment was missed up with another , younger member of lucy 's species . a comparative study of vertebrae from other australopithecus fossils in that region disproved this theory . the researchers analysed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from thesterkfontein caves to gauge its age . scientists have revealed a sophisticated new dating technique shows that little foot , an important fossil of an early human forerunner unearthed in the 1990s in south africa , is roughly 3.7 million years old . ' the age of little foot has been highly debated , ' said geologist darryl granger of purdue university in indiana , whose research appears in the journal nature . the study found little foot , a member of the species australopithecus prometheus , lived at roughly the same time as australopithecus afarensis , the species whose most famous fossil , known as lucy , comes from ethiopia . both species blended ape-like and human-like traits but with different features . the researchers analysed 11 rock samples from around the nearly complete little foot fossil skeleton from the sterkfontein caves to gauge its age . the findings may have important implications about the evolutionary relationships among humankind 's ancient relatives . the team then compared it to the vertebrae of other creatures living in that region 3.2 million years ago , and found a baboon bone was the closest fit . williams told new scientist that the fossil of a gelada baboon thoracic vertebra must have somehow been mixed up with lucy 's remains . the team now plan to present their findings at the paleoanthropology society in san francisco next week . our species , homo sapiens , appeared roughly 200,000 years ago . earlier members of the human genus , homo , date back more than 2 million years . our genus was predated by other species on the human family tree including various representatives of lucy 's genus australopithecus . dr simon underdown , principal lecturer in anthropology at oxford brookes university , said : ' the co-mingling of skeletons is quite common in the archaeological record and it can often be difficult to separate out different elements if multiple bodies are mixed together . ' lucy was not found in association with lots of other different bones and was painstakingly studied during excavation and description . mistakes can of course be made with 1000s of fragments but that wasn’t the case here . ' even if one fragment of a bone from the spine turns out to be from a baboon it does not alter the larger picture of what lucy brings to the story of human evolution . ' our genus was predated by other species on the human family tree including various representatives of the genus australopithecus , of which lucy ( reconstruction pictured ) belonged to .