as the duke and duchess of cambridge will shortly discover for the second time , no situation trumps becoming a parent when it comes to extravagant emotion . but welcome though the new arrival might be , first-time parents in particular are rarely prepared for the upheaval that ensues . now a group of parents , all of whom are based in the us , have created a video that lifts the lid on what the first months with a new baby are really like . scroll down for video . top tips : the video , which has been viewed 600,000 times , features new parents sharing their tips . called extra storage space , the clip has already been viewed almost 600,000 times and blends practical advice with the odd tear-jerking moment . viewers are encouraged to not to switch off until having watched the final piece of advice , to enjoy the burst of love that follows the birth , which is ' hands down the best tip of all ' . more practical offerings include making room for date nights , getting onto a schedule as quickly as possible and not forgetting to indulge in a bit of personal time . other recommendations from the new moms and dads featured in the clip include remembering to ' be grateful for your kids ' and not getting too stuck on completing all the chores . crucial : this couple say having regular date nights is essential for maintaining a happy family . take photos : this mother says that one day , all that will be left are memories - so take plenty of pictures . ' we 've compiled the best parenting tips to know before having a baby to help you sift through the mounds of parenting advice you 're going to get , ' reads the accompanying description . ' becoming a parent is a huge change and a lot of things you wo n't fully understand until baby arrives . ' however , these tips and guidance will help prepare you for parenthood and that special day . ' viewers are also encouraged to submit their own parenting advice in the accompanying comment section using the hashtag # makeroomforlife . 10 . do what works for you and do n't get on the internet - because you can google anything and everyone has a different opinion . 9 . get on a schedule ! 8 . be sure to take time for yourself . go to they gym , drop the baby off at grandma 's , take a 20 minute nap , etc . 7 . discover who your baby is and let them be . do n't try to mold them to what you want . 6 . be prepared for the unexpected because it will happen . 5 . you 're going to have to make room for the baby . they come with so many things ! 4 . memories are the only thing you 'll have after all is said and done . so be sure to make and keep some keepsakes . 3 . be grateful for your kids ! 2 . do n't be too hard on yourself . the house can wait . all of the chores can wait . 1 . the one thing you ca n't understand and prepare for , that you 're not going to know until you experience it is all the love . keep hold of clothing : it will come in handy for second and third children and is a great source of memories . any ideas ? viewers are encouraged to submit their own parenting advice using hashtag # makeroomforlife . make space : another mom says its worth investing in extra cupboards to hold all the baby paraphernalia .