a new york man has been caught on camera catcalling women in the street – completely oblivious to the fact that the interview he is taking part in is meant to highlight the horrible and derogatory culture of catcalling . patrick jones of buzz60 was covering a recent anti-catcalling campaign , which saw signs a series of pro-feminist signs being placed on several streets around new york city , when he took to the street to hear opinions from the public . and while the women he spoke to all called the practice ' disgusting , ' saying it makes them feel ' horrible ' and ' uncomfortable , ' one man was only too happy to demonstrate his own tactics for harassing women in public . scroll down for video . clueless catcaller : this new york man , right , did n't realize buzz60 's patrick jones , left , was doing a segment criticizing catcalling ; the man showed his own catcalling techniques throughout the interview . ' sometimes , you know , you got ta call a girl , ' says the man , who is wearing sunglasses and a t-shirt with a logo of what appears to be the playboy bunny with a marijuana leaf for ears . unprompted , the man begins demonstrating by whistling and making ticking and kissing noises with his mouth . when patrick , who looks surprised to have found one of the very street harassers that his other interviewees hit out at , asks the man how he would call a dog , he unabashedly replies : ' the same way ' . demeaning dude : the man on the right laughs as he admits he would call a dog with the same whistling noises he uses to call out to women on the street . ' it feels good , ' the new york man says in response to a question about how catcalling makes women on the receiving end feel . the man , who throughout the interview can be seen casting his eyes around seemingly looking for women , then demonstrates his tactics again on a passerby . ' if it 's far away it 's even better because they 're not that scared , ' he continues , not acknowledging that his comment implies that when women are close to their catcallers , they feel a sense of fear . ' sometimes you 've got ta have a little distance . ' highlighting the problem : the video was made in response to anti-catcalling signs like these , which have been put up around new york city . totally oblivious : the man being interviewed did n't seem to notice that he was being filmed in front of a sign like this one , which says ' no catcall zone ' . before the video wraps up , the man finally realizes that the interview is not meant to show catcalling in a positive light , asking : ' wait a second , are you reporting that girls do n't like this ? ' ' they do n't like catacalling , ' says patrick insists . ' get the f** out of here , ' says the man , who becomes visibly irritated . ' we 're acknowledging that you did a good thing today getting up out of bed , ' he adds , before getting distracted by another woman and whistling at her while yelling : ' yo , sweetheart ! '