ed sheeran surprised a fan in hospital for her birthday after she had to give up her tickets to his concert when she was diagnosed with cancer . the british singer , who is currently touring new zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital . an ecstatic ms knight said she ' could n't stop smiling ' following the memorable visit . ' he was just the nicest guy . so humble and down to earth , ' ms knight told daily mail australia . scroll down for video . ed sheeran , who is currently touring new zealand , took time out of his schedule over the weekend to help jess knight celebrate her 20th birthday in auckland hospital . ' we were so excited to meet him . we all had butterflies and a few of the girls had the shakes . ' ms knight had planned on being at sheeran 's concert in auckland having bought tickets back in october , but just two weeks later she was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia . the teenager had to endure countless chemotherapy treatments and a bone marrow transplant , which meant she was forced to give up her tickets . with the help of her friends , ms knight launched a social media campaign to catch sheeran 's attention and beg him to visit her in hospital . ed sheeran crashed jess knight 's hospital birthday party and happily posed for selfies with her friends and family . the british singer visited jess knight in auckland hospital after she was forced to give up her concert tickets due to her cancer treatment . ms knight 's friend , anna strong , set up the ed visit jess facebook page last month , while family and friends spruiked the hashtag # kiaoraedplsvisitjess to get sheeran to visit . it was a long shot that eventually paid off . sheeran ended up crashing ms knight 's birthday party in hospital in between shows over the weekend . ' when i was told he was coming we all felt a bit shell-shocked . it was something we 'd hoped would happen but it was such a long shot , ' ms knight said . the 20-year-old said she had butterflies in her stomach when she first met him and described his as ' humble and down to earth ' . with the help of her friends , ms knight launched a social media campaign to catch sheeran 's attention and beg him to visit her in hospital . ' the whole experience has been so surreal . the new zealand and international support has been incredible . we never expected it to go as far as it has . ' ' and for the record , no we did not plan to colour coordinate my beanie to his shirt . we both have great style . ' the british popstar spent half an hour with an awestruck ms knight as they spoke of food , films and his upcoming visit to south america . sheeran is currently touring new zealand after a string of shows across australia . ms knight had planned on being at sheeran 's concert in auckland ( pictured ) having bought tickets back in october , but just two weeks later she was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia . sheeran is currently touring new zealand after a string of shows across australia .     