the mother of a mentally ill daughter who killed herself last month has revealed how her condition worsened over years and eventually drove her to suicide . doris fuller 's daughter , natalie , 28 , suffered from bipolar disorder and psychosis , and died when she stepped in front of a train in baltimore , maryland , last month . and in the wake of her death , fuller has written about how her illness , which went undiagnosed until her early 20s , and said she was ' the bravest person i have ever known ' . scroll down for video . opening up : doris fuller 's daughter natalie , left with her mom , killed herself last month - and now fuller has opened up about how natalie 's bipolar disorder and psychosis led to her death . the mother and daughter pair had shot to fame in 2004 when they collaborated on a parenting guide based on natalie being totally honest with her mother about whatever she was asked . bestseller : natalie opened up to her mom - and the result was this popular parenting book . in a long article about her daughter 's life for the washington post , fuller wrote how their famously close relationship was changed for good when natalie had her first psychotic episode at the age of 22 , after she had left for college . fuller wrote : ' in the span of a few weeks she went from being a dazzling young adult with the world at her feet to a psych-ward patient with an arrest record . ' summarizing her last years , she said : ' my daughter lived more than six years with an incurable disease that filled her head with devils that literally hounded her to death , and she did it while laughing , painting , writing poetry , advocating and bringing joy to the people around her . ' she was the bravest person i have ever known , and her suicide doesn’t change that . ' and though medicines and proper treatment gave natalie her life back for a time , she eventually decided to stop taking her meds , which brought her troubles back , even more acute than before . in a mental health documentary video filmed in 2014 , natalie described the worst lows of her condition , in which she said terrifyingly real voices would tell her to hurt herself . she told the cameras : ' i believed that everything happening to me was real , and i thought that i was acting fine . ' but my mom and my brother and everyone around me could see something that i could n't see . ' even though [ the voices ] were telling me to hurt myself and do horrible things to myself , i still listened to them because i had a relationship with them . i thought they were real . ' although natalie , a keen artist who sculpted , painted and wrote poetry , often seemed fine while on medication , fuller told how her future seemed a little bleaker every time she relapsed . difficulties : natalie ( left in 2014 ) was not diagnosed with a mental health problem until she was 22 - before then she had a regular childhood ( right ) . she told how as she grew older voices started telling her to harm herself . growing up : as a teenager , natalie 's no-holds-barred honesty helped make her mom a bestseller . she wrote : ' if she even inadvertently missed a few days of medication - even while receiving therapy and other forms of treatment - the demons would return , and one of the first things they would tell her was to stop taking her medicine . ' the second thing they would tell her was not to talk to her mom , the most powerful other influence in her life . ' each time she obeyed and relapsed , she plunged into a longer free fall , hitting the ground harder , recovering more slowly and returning at a lower plateau . ' according to the article , the final , ultimately fatal , change came last fall when natalie concluded that the drugs were not helping her at all , and gave them up for good . fuller was not specific about what happened in natalie 's last weeks , though in a post on a tribute site to her daughter , she mentioned that she had holidayed in nicaragua with members of her family in february . fuller , the executive director of the treatment advocacy center charity has said since natalie 's death that she wants her ' legacy ' to be increased understanding and compassion for the those who have mental illnesses . treatment : when she featured in the video , natalie told how she was living in a treatment facility and caring for animals in a bid to get better . missing her : natalie would have been 29 last week -pictured above is a cake her mother had made for her .