stunned researchers have found one of the uk 's most important manuscripts is full of ghosts . dating from 1250 , the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh , and contains some of the earliest references to arthur and merlin . now , researchers have found a series of hidden faces and message in it . the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh , and contains some of the earliest references to arthur and merlin . using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software , the images were recovered . dating from 1250 , the black book of carmarthen is the earliest surviving medieval manuscript written solely in welsh , and contains some of the earliest references to arthur and merlin . the book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines , and draws on the traditions of the welsh folk-heroes and legends of the dark ages . ' it 's easy to think we know all we can know about a manuscript like the black book but to see these ghosts from the past brought back to life in front of our eyes has been incredibly exciting , ' said myriah williams of cambridge 's department of anglo-saxon , norse and celtic . the book is a collection of 9th-12th century poetry along both religious and secular lines , and draws on the traditions of the welsh folk-heroes and legends of the dark ages . williams and professor paul russell from cambridge 's department of anglo-saxon , norse and celtic ( asnc ) , believe that a 16th century owner of the book , probably a man named jaspar gryffyth , erased centuries ' worth of additional verse , doodles and marginalia which had been added to the manuscript as it changed hands throughout the years . using a combination of ultraviolet light and photo editing software , the 16th century owner 's penchant for erasure has been partly reversed to reveal snatches of poetry . currently , the texts are very fragmentary and in need of much more analysis , although they researchers say they seem to be the continuation of a poem on the preceding page with a new poem added at the foot of the page . ' the drawings and verse that we 're in the process of recovering demonstrate the value of giving these books another look , ' williams said . ' the margins of manuscripts often contain medieval and early modern reactions to the text , and these can cast light on what our ancestors thought about what they were reading . ' the black book was particularly heavily annotated before the end of the 16th century , and the recovery of erasure has much to tell us about what was already there and can change our understanding of it . ' the faces are only visible under uv light - and are invisible to the naked eye . williams and russell will present a lecture at the national library of wales today , part of a larger exhibition on the life and work of sir john price , one-time owner of the black book . there , they will detail some of their findings , stressing the importance of continued research on the manuscript . ' what we have discovered may only be the tip of the iceberg in terms of what can be discovered as imaging techniques are enhanced , ' said russell . ' the manuscript is extremely valuable and incredibly important – yet there may still be so much we do n't know about it . ' despite its value today , the black book of carmarthen ( so called because of the colour of its binding ) was not an elaborate production , but rather the work of a single scribe who was probably collecting and recording over a long period of his life . this is readily visible on the manuscript pages themselves ; the first pages feature a large textura script copied on alternating ruled lines , while in other parts of the manuscript – perhaps when vellum was scarce – the hand is very much smaller and the lines per page tight and many . measuring approximately only 17cm by 12.5 cm , the book is made up of 54 pages of vellum ( animal hide ) and came to the national library of wales in 1904 after being bought , alongside other manuscripts , by the library 's founder , sir john williams . an example of the latter is the earliest poem concerning the adventures of the legendary arthur , which sees the famed hero seeking entrance to an unidentified court and expounding the virtues of his men in order to gain admittance . other heroes are praised and lamented in a lengthy text known as englynion y beddau , the stanzas of the graves , in which a narrator presents geographic lore by claiming to know the burial places of upwards of eighty warriors . arthur makes an appearance here as well , but only insofar as to say that he can not be found : anoeth bid bet y arthur , ' the grave of arthur is a wonder ' . other famous figures also appear throughout , including myrddin , perhaps more familiarly known by the english ' merlin ' . there are two prophetic poems attributed to him during his ' wild man ' phase located in the middle of the manuscript , but additionally the very first poem of the book is presented as a dialogue between him and the celebrated welsh poet taliesin . since the creation of geoffrey of monmouth 's historia regum britanniae in the 12th century there has been a connection between carmarthen and merlin , and it may be no accident that the black book opens with this text .  