steve mcclaren has called the constant speculation linking him with newcastle ' disrespectful ' and insists his sole focus remains on trying to get derby promoted to the barclays premier league . mcclaren admitted there had been interest in him from newcastle around the turn of the year , when alan pardew left as manager to take over at crystal palace . but with john carver since appointed , the rams head coach is reluctant to discuss the continuing reports . mcclaren is understood to be one of two people on newcastle 's short list for the head coach role at st james ' park next season , according to reports in the north east . the other is thought to be carver . derby manager steve mcclaren has called speculation linking him with the newcastle job as ' disrespectful ' . john carver is the current incumbent in the newcastle hotseat having replaced alan pardew in january . reports this week have suggested that mcclaren could leave derby should , like last season , he fail to get them promoted from the championship via the play-offs . asked if he intended to still be in charge at the ipro stadium at the start of the 2015-16 campaign , the former england boss said : ' i am contracted to derby county , so yes . ' i have got a contract here for the next two years after this and i hope to honour that contract . ' but it is football , that might change , who knows . but at the present moment i am the derby county head coach and will remain so until things change . ' so , let 's get on with the job . my goal is to get in the play-offs and do as well as we can . ' on the reports linking him with newcastle , mcclaren added : ' i have n't got a clue if i 'm a candidate for the newcastle job . mcclaren insists his sole focus is steering derby to promotion at the end of the season . ' i think there was no secret that there was an interest in december and january . we talked about that and in the end they did n't have a manager then . ' what they did was appoint a manager [ john carver ] and that is what they have got , and he is fighting for the job . ' while somebody is in a job it is a little bit disrespectful . it 's disrespectful to john carver , to newcastle , my focus is purely on derby . ' but this is newspapers and this is what they do , they speculate . at the present moment newcastle does n't interest me , i am not thinking about that . i am thinking solely of derby . '