sidonie , a well known band from catalonia , created a rather tongue-in-cheek song during a recent ryanair flight to santiago de compostela in northern spain . the group , who posted the performance video to facebook and youtube , explained that they composed the tune after experiencing a ' lack of respect shown by ryanair flight attendants . ' in the video , the band 's lead singer strums a ukulele as the group serenades passengers on board - despite ryanair 's scathing review of the sarcastic ditty . a well-known spanish band from catalonia , called sidonie , sang an impromptu song aboard a ryanair flight . while en route to santiago , the band grew impatient with the alleged ' lack of respect ' from flight attendants . although sung in their native tongue , the lyrics read : ' ryanair , how we like ryanair , and its flight attendants , they could not be nicer ' . clearly meant to be ironic , some passengers even join in and sing or clap along as the band repeats the chorus during their impromptu performance . explaining the motivation behind their hilarious video , the band wrote online : ' after receiving , repeatedly , the habitual lack of respect shown by flight attendants on the ryanair route to santiago , we were moved to compose and perform a song dedicated to them and their irritable airline . ' ryanair , however , was n't as impressed with the band 's performance . robin kiely , a spokesperson for the airline told mailonline travel : ' sidonie ? more like sit down mate . ' the lyrics are average , the vocals out of tune , the ukulele playing leaves a lot to be desired and there is n't one trumpet . ' taking matters into their own hands , the group composed and performed a tongue-in-cheek tune . as they paraded up and down the aisle of the plane , some passengers even began to sing along with the lyrics . the band also posted the video to facebook , adding that the song was dedicated to the ' irritable airline ' . ' we much prefer our new on-time landing music , which will be heard on over 90 per cent of our flights this year , as we carry 100 million customers , ' kiely added . ryanair is famous for complaints about its customer service and surcharges , and it has recently launched a marketing campaign and measures such as allocated seating to win over passengers . since being posted on march 27 , the video has been viewed over 24,000 times on youtube and has been liked over 12,000 times on facebook . mailonline travel has contacted sidonie for comment about the video . 