ed miliband has been getting a lot of praise for admitting that he ‘blubbed’ while watching pride , a british film released last year . it’s a rose-tinted , nostalgic look back at a critical moment in 20th-century british history . every drop of sentiment is wrung out of the story , with brave young men and women risking their lives to take on an evil dictator . so what is it about , this heartwarming tale of british derring-do ? the battle of britain ? the falklands crisis ? the iraq war ? scroll down for video . labour leader ed miliband confessed that he ' blubbed ' during the british film pride that centres on the 1984 miners ' strike . no . it centres on the 1984 miners’ strike and the plucky underdogs are a london-based group of gays and lesbians who travel to south wales to express their solidarity with the local branch of the national union of mineworkers . needless to say , the evil dictator who they’re fighting is margaret thatcher . miliband received a lot of praise for admitting that he had a weep . what a surprise that such a storyline led the labour leader to exclaim : ‘ justine [ his wife ] and i watched it recently and blubbed . ’ i’m sure pride isn’t the only british film that the right-on milibands will have cried their way through . for there have been so many over recent years that mythologised the ‘ brave and downtrodden’ workers whose lives are made miserable by the tories . in truth , these movies — pride , billy elliot ( also a piece of miners’ strike propaganda that depicted thatcher as the devil incarnate ) , made in dagenham ( about a car factory strike ) and the full monty ( about a group of redundant sheffield steelworkers forced to strip naked to make money ) —might as well have been party political broadcasts for labour . for the keystone of these left-wing propaganda films is a pernicious rewriting of history , portraying britain’s recent past as a battle between heroic trade unionists , fighting to defend the poor and the vulnerable , and unfeeling bosses , bulldozing everything in their path in the ruthless pursuit of making money for their capitalist overlords . there is no acknowledgment by the film-makers that the unions’ greed and bully-boy tactics all but destroyed the british economy , or that their beloved welfare state ( which has actually created a terrible dependency culture in many parts of the country ) relies on a strong , unsabotaged economy to keep it afloat . the film pride achieves a double whammy by venerating not one but two sacred cows of the left : bolshie unions and minorities ( in this case , homosexuals ) . naturally , it doesn’t take long for the union bosses to recognise that the life-and-death struggle faced by gays and lesbians is very similar to that of their welsh colliery members . scroll down for video . wringing every drop of emotion from left-wing audiences , the director ends the film with a scene showing bus-loads of miners turning up to support a gay pride march in london’s hyde park , as singer billy bragg’s there is power in a union comes blasting over the soundtrack . strangely absent from the story , of course , is any reference to the role the num played in bringing down successive british governments — both conservative and labour alike — and its contribution to the terrible industrial unrest that gripped britain in the seventies and culminated in the winter of discontent . nor is there any mention of the attempt by arthur scargill , the loony-left leader of the num , to persuade communist russia — not to mention colonel gaddafi — to bankroll the strike , which his members hadn’t even had the right to vote for in a fair ballot . billy elliott is another film about ‘ brave and downtrodden’ workers whose lives are made miserable by the tories . the same historical revisionism is exhibited in made in dagenham , about women workers walking out on strike at the ford car factory in east london in 1968 , demanding equal pay with male employees . as with pride , the dramatic heart of the story is a conflict between two groups of left-wing activists who gradually learn to make common cause — in this case , male and female shop-floor workers . at no point in the film is any sympathy shown towards the employers struggling to keep the firm competitive . the viewer is expected to assume that the demands of the strikers are completely justified . made in dagenham’s political message couldn’t be clearer , and it ends on a triumphant note with the passing of the equal pay act by a labour government in 1970 . a more honest assessment of the british car industry would have featured the way union firebrands such as derek robinson — ‘ red robbo’ — at british leyland helped to destroy it and did so much damage to the economy at large . indeed , a more realistic ending to made in dagenham would have pointed out that the ford factory which once employed 40,000 people now has fewer than 4,000 , thanks , in part , to rising labour costs — pushed up by militant unions . brassed off starring pete postlethwaite and ewan mcgregor portrayed margaret thatcher as an orge . then again , that would have meant acknowledging the inconvenient truth that the trade unions played a big role in the postwar decline of britain’s industrial base . perhaps the most glaring omission from such left-wing propaganda movies is any concession that the policies of margaret thatcher were a necessary corrective to the chaos and pessimism of the seventies . the fact is that her government inherited a country on the brink of political and economic collapse and restored it to rude good health , able to hold its head up high again in the world . but in so many left-inspired british films of the past 25 years , whether brassed off ( about a colliery band facing the closure of their coalmine by a tory government ) , the full monty or billy elliot , thatcher is portrayed as a wrecking ball determined to destroy traditional working-class communities and replace nice left-wing values with nasty right-wing ones . inevitably , the period before thatcher is depicted as a golden age , a pastoral idyll straight out of a hovis commercial , while the britain she left behind is portrayed as a money-grubbing spiritual wasteland . is it any wonder that such films make ed miliband , brought up by a marxist academic father , ‘blub’ ? the only exception to this disgraceful series of truth-twisting films was the iron lady , in which britain’s first female prime minister was shown in a more nuanced light , almost in spite of its makers’ left-wing instincts . made in dagenham is about women workers walking out on strike at the ford car factory in east london in 1968 , demanding equal pay with male employees . it is broadly unsympathetic — there are plenty of scenes in which she is seen to be suffering from dementia , which suggests an element of hostility — but actress meryl streep brings such depth and humanity to the lead role that baroness thatcher emerges as a more complex figure than the bogeyman of left-wing mythology . not surprisingly , the iron lady was condemned by many in the british film establishment for being ‘shallow’ and ‘superficial’ , an example of ‘self-important’ film-making . no doubt if it had depicted thatcher as a cruel monster , the same critics would have acclaimed it an out-and-out masterpiece . but not to worry . this mistake was corrected the following year by labour-supporting danny boyle . in his lavish £27 million opening ceremony for the london 2012 olympics he made no direct reference to britain’s greatest postwar prime minister — which was odd in itself — but left viewers in no doubt about his view of thatcherism . once again we were treated to the familiar left-wing version of britain’s history , in which top-hatted tory industrialists , determined to despoil the country with dark satanic mills , are stopped in their tracks by an alliance of suffragettes , trade unionists and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender activists . boyle’s collaborator , frank cottrell boyce , condemned thatcher for being ‘ insufficiently british’ and said ‘ although she draped herself in the union flag , she never seemed to understand this country’ . the iron lady was condemned by many in the british film establishment for being ‘shallow’ and ‘superficial’ , an example of ‘self-important’ film-making . the truth is , it’s the left that doesn’t understand contemporary britain . we are not a drab , depressed country , riven with class divisions and grotesque inequality , as you would think from watching films such as pride and billy elliot . on the contrary , crime is lower , life expectancy higher and the standard of living better than at any time in our past . the rights of women , gays and ethnic minorities are all robustly defended by politicians of both left and right , and our schools and hospitals have never been better ( or more lavishly funded ) . britain now has the fastest-growing economy in the western world , with more jobs being created last year in yorkshire — ironically , the county where so many of these left-wing propaganda films have been set — than in the whole of france . couldn’t we have just one home-grown film that celebrates the miracle that is modern britain and brings a tear of pride to us all , rather than left-wing drivel that triggers ‘blubbing’ from ed miliband ? 