millionaire real estate heir robert durst has pleaded not guilty to two weapons charges related to his arrest last month , further delaying his extradition to california to face murder charges . durst entered his plea during an arraignment in a new orleans court on weapons charges that accused him of possessing a firearm after a felony conviction and possessing both a firearm and an illegal drug , marijuana . durst 's hands were shackled to his sides , and two defense attorneys lifted him from an armchair to his feet to walk to the podium . unlikely to face charges in california anytime soon : robert durst , 71 , pleaded not guilty thursday to two state gun charges in louisiana in a case that would delay his extradition to la to face murder charges . durst is pictured here last month in new orleans . attorney dick deguerin whispered into durst 's ear as he entered the plea . he had to whisper twice before durst said , ' i am not guilty , your honor . ' judge franz zibilich asked if durst was making that plea to both charges against him . deguerin whispered again , and durst said , ' yes , your honor . ' the weapons arrest has kept durst in new orleans even though he waived extradition to california , where he 's charged in the december 2000 death of a longtime friend . durst is being held without bail in the mental ward of a state prison . durst 's story also is playing out two miles away in federal court in new orleans . an affidavit filed there accuses durst of breaking a federal law prohibiting felons from possessing firearms . prosecutors have asked a u.s. magistrate judge to order durst to be brought to federal court for a hearing next thursday — and that he remain in u.s. custody until the federal matter is resolved . durst , an estranged member of the family that runs 1 world trade center in new york , has had multiple run-ins with the law over his nearly 72 years . he was arrested in new orleans last month on the eve of the finale of a six-part hbo documentary called ' the jinx ' about durst , the disappearance of his first wife in 1982 , the death of a longtime friend in 2000 and the death and dismemberment of a neighbor in galveston in 2001 . murdered : susan berman , who acted as a media spokesperson for durst in the wake of his wife 's disappearance , was shot in the head at her la home in 2000 , just as the cold case into the disappearance of kathleen durst was reopened . durst was charged with berman 's murder last month . a self-defense plea won acquittal in the death of morris black , but durst is charged in los angeles with murder in the death of longtime friend susan berman , 55 , who was shot in the head in 2000 . berman , an author , acted as a media spokesperson for durst in the wake of his wife 's disappearance . the jinx suggested she knew a lot about durst . her death coincided with the cold case of kathleen durst 's disappearance being reopened . durst 's lawyers , deguerin and billy gibbens , have said repeatedly that he just wants to go to california to deal with that charge . they also have challenged the weapons charges on several grounds , including the allegation that the fbi ' rummaged ' through durst 's belongings before getting an arrest or search warrant . but andrea armstrong , a criminal law professor at loyola university in new orleans , said wednesday that ' the fact that it was warrantless does n't necessarily mean it was unconstitutional . ' there are at least 11 circumstances , starting with consent , that make it legal to search without a warrant , she said . deguerin also has argued that the two felonies to which durst pleaded guilty in pennsylvania — possessing a firearm while a fugitive and doing so while under indictment — are not among those that would make it illegal for him to have a gun . until his indictment wednesday , durst had been arrested but not formally charged in connection with the .38-caliber revolver authorities say was found in his room at the j.w . marriott , where he was staying under the name everette ward . according to court testimony , an fbi agent recognized durst in a new orleans hotel march 14 and escorted him to his hotel room . durst was arrested early march 15 on the los angeles warrant and arrested separately on the weapons charges the next day . durst 's lawyers say the arrest in new orleans was timed to coincide with the final episode of ' the jinx , ' which also described the disappearance of his wife , kathleen , in 1982 from new york ; the los angeles shooting of berman , 55 , in 2000 ; and black 's death in 2001 .