serafim todorov , the last man to beat floyd mayweather in the boxing ring , now lives on a £370-a-month hand out from the bulgarian government . the 45-year-old beat mayweather in the featherweight division semi-finals at the 1996 olympic games in atlanta , but his life today could n't be any further apart from the american 's . mayweather is preparing for one of the biggest fights in boxing history against manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 and is unbeaten in 49 professional fights . serafim todorov is the last man to beat floyd mayweather , doing so at the 1996 olympic games in atlanta . todorov ( left ) lives in a remote town in bulgaria while mayweather is one of the richest athletes in the world . mayweather is unbeaten in 47 professional contests and considered one of boxing 's all-time greats . todorov , meanwhile , lives in an apartment in the remote town of pazardzhik in southern bulgaria and shares a volkswagen polo with his wife . he told the sun : ' i live on just a hand out from the state , the money i get from the government is not enough , my family have no jobs . ' it 's hard here because it is a small town and there is very little work . ' i get about 500 euros a month but i have to pay back the bank or loans , i own the apartment i live in but there are still bills to pay . ' i did have a bigger house in my home tow peshtera , 20km from where i live now but i had to sell because i had no money to get by . ' the unbeaten american is regularly seen on social media showing off his piles of cash and jewellery . todorov ( right ) is beaten by somluck kamsing in the featherweight final at the 1996 atlanta olympic games . the semi-final bout ended in controversy as the referee mistakenly raised mayweather 's hand , but todorov won the bout by one point , leading to protests from the us team . todorov was beaten by thai boxer somluck kamsing in the olympic final at atlanta 1996 and fought just six times professionally . the bulgarian won five of his bouts between 1998 and 2003 , losing once to toni naskovski in macedonia in 1999 .