tina fey was seen out with her husband jeff richmond and daughter penelope friday morning in new york city . this is the first time the emmy-award winning writer , producer and actor has been spotted since the tragic suicide of renowned cosmetic dermatologist dr. fredric brandt on april 5 at his home in miami . dr. brandt was said to have been devastated in his final weeks over a caricature of himself on fey 's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt , though that is not the reason friends say he took his life . scroll down for video . tina fey ( above ) was spotted for the first time since the suicide of dr. fredric brandt on friday . the writer , actress and producer was on a school run with her youngest daughter penelope and husband jeff richmond ( above ) . dr brandt ( left ) took his own life on april 5 and was said to be devastated over a caricature of him , dr. franff ( right ) , on fey 's show unbreakable kimmy schmidt . richmond the entire incident was ' very sad ' a few days after the dermatologist 's death . fey , 44 , looked solemn as she and richmond appeared to be taking their daughter to school . the 30 rock star has yet to comment on dr. brandt 's suicide , though her husband did say the entire incident was ' very sad ' a few days after the dermatologist 's death . the kimmy schmidt character that was so upsetting to dr. brandt was dr. franff , a upper east side cosmetic dermatologist with a grotesquely exaggerated face that was so full of fillers and botox that the man was unable to speak . the character , played by martin short , also had shockingly platinum blond hair , just like dr. brandt , and a long list of celebrity and society clients . he first appears in the show 's fourth episode , which also features a cameo from fey 's daughter , penelope . fey has yet to publicly speak about dr. brandt 's suicide . the second season of kimmy schmidt will start production soon . penelope ( above ) appeared in the episode that featured dr. franff . fey has won eight emmy awards for her work on 30 rock and saturday night live . dr. brandt also had a long list of celebrity and society clients , some of whom gathered in new york city to remember and honor him on thursday . the invitation-only service , at lincoln center 's alice tully hall , was hosted by lisa marie falcone , wife of billionaire hedge fund manager philip falcone . wwd reports that among those in attendance were kelly ripa , joy behar , and linda wells , editor-in-chief of allure . ' this is the saddest thing that i never thought i would have to do . when i look out into this room i see so many beautiful faces and i realized that fred is all around us , ' said ripa as she stood in front of a wave of 3,000 white orchid blooms , dr. brandt 's favorite flowers . ' he is with all of us now . ' dr. brandt 's other celebrity clients included madonna and model stephanie seymour . sources said that dr brandt was ' devastated ' over comparisons to the enthusiastic doctor on tina fey 's new show unbreakable kimmy schmidt . the plastic surgeon , dr franff , in the netflix comedy , is played by comedy veteran martin short and had drawn unflattering comparisons to real-life dr brandt . in one scene , where the lead character kimmy almost gets plastic surgery , the doctor is seen drinking from a hamster feeder . martin short had a small role as dr franff in one episode of the tv show 's first season . when he is punched by the main character , kimmy , as she struggles to escape the plastic surgeon 's chair , his face dents like putty - which he then inflates with an air tube . dr franff appears in episode four of the first and only season of unbreakable kimmy schmidt . he 's a botox-loving plastic surgeon played by martin short . the show follows a kimmy ( ellie kemper ) , who was rescued from an underground bunker after years of being held hostage by a cult leader . she then is hired to be a nanny for the son and step-daughter of socialite jacqueline ( jane krakowski ) . in the fourth episode of the show , jacqueline visits dr franff to discuss a ' foot lift ' of sorts because she believes that ' feet are the new butts ' . in the fourth episode of the netflix show 's first season , dr franff makes a short appearance as a cosmetic doctor who consults with kimmy ( ellie kemper ) and jacqueline ( jane krakowski , pictured ) . dr franff 's almost-overly smooth skin and platinum blond hair share a resemblance with that of dr fredric brandt , who is known for being the cosmetic dermatologist of stars including madonna and stephanie seymour . franff is portrayed as a deranged doctor , whose face is so frozen from plastic surgery and other procedures that he even has trouble forming words at times . in the episode , he cheerily suggests several barbaric-sounding surgeries for jacqueline , as well as on kimmy . franff 's platinum blond hair and tight skin have a stark resemblance to that of cosmetic dermatologist fredric brandt .