looking after someone with dementia can stretch people to their limits , and there are many in this situation . in england alone , there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone with dementia . here , in the final week of our major good health series on dementia , we turn our attention to the carers and what can be done to make life easier for them and their loved ones ... scroll down for video . looking after someone with dementia can stretch people to their limits . here 's how to make life easier . what to expect . the early stages of the disease bring changes that may be so subtle that some friends and acquaintances are unaware that there is anything wrong - and this stage can continue for many years . but as the disease progresses and more damage is done to the brain , symptoms become more pronounced : difficulties with communication become more intense and issues such as getting dressed or managing day-to-day affairs become more problematic . this marks the beginning of the middle stage , the longest stage , which can last for several years . it 's when the condition becomes more challenging and extra help may be needed . however , there will be good days as well as bad . the following can help . . . establish routines . in the early stages of dementia , it 's the short-term memory that 's most affected , making it harder for patients to keep track of the day , or even what time of day it is . i 've found that sticking to a routine helps keep someone with dementia better orientated , and gets their body clock into a rhythm . in the early stages , aim to establish fixed times of day for the following - it may help to write this on a board that 's kept next to a calendar ( cross it off to show what day it is ) and a clock , so that they know what to expect when . in the middle stages of dementia , routines may still be useful but patients can be more prone to mood changes , so be flexible . encourage but do n't coerce . often people with dementia may display more symptoms and anxiety as the light starts to fade . when behaviour changes . the middle stage of dementia inevitably heralds changes in behaviour . this can be one of the toughest things to cope with , for at times it may seem as if the person you know and love has gone . the following are common : clinginess . this can be very draining as some people with dementia do not like to let their carer out of their sight . clinginess is the return of a psychological reflex from our toddler years - a toddler will cry when their mother moves away or when a stranger approaches . as the dementia progresses , the loss of nerve cells in the brain allows old reflexes that were replaced in adulthood by more complex brain pathways to resurface . what to do : the best way to deal with it is by diluting contact - try introducing other regular carers as soon as the person being cared for starts to display any clingy behaviour . the clinging behaviour may now apply to many people , not just one . wandering . around 60 per cent of those with dementia wander - pacing around the house or outside of the home - and the problem is they can get lost , as the damage to the hippocampus part of the brain means they lose their sense of orientation . what to do : if they tell you they 're going out do n't argue but speak calmly and tell them they do n't need to as they are ' staying here ' tonight . avoid busy places such as shopping centres . people with dementia may find these disorientating and when they get home this disorientation can continue and induce wandering so they may feel the urge to leave the house . wandering about the house at night can arise from a need to go to the loo . ensure they do n't have too much fluid before bed and install night-lights to help prevent falls . painting the walls and doors a matching colour makes it less likely that the person with dementia will find their way out . you could also consider moving the lock higher up the door to a less familiar place . you may want to consider installing movement sensors to alert you to potential problems . anxiety . worrying for no reason or displaying physical symptoms such as palpitations are signs that the dementia patient may be suffering with anxiety . what to do : try to identify what 's causing it - have there been more people round than normal , or have they had too much caffeine ? many of the triggers may be unavoidable , but it can help to keep their surroundings as comfortable and relaxing as possible . put pictures and familiar possessions around them . pleasant smells such as flowers , baking aromas and soap may trigger memories that help distract them from their anxious feelings . playing music can also be calming . talking to them can distract them , too . but never talk down to them or use childish language as this could make them angry . anger and aggression . it can be confusing when someone who was once so patient and tolerant becomes prone to temper tantrums . what to do : it 's important to consider any physical reasons that might be making them this way . pain is a common cause of anger in those with dementia , as are urinary or chest infections , a stroke , or even something as simple as not having had enough sleep . if you suspect any of these is possible , then speak to a doctor . speak to the person with dementia reassuringly , in a calm manner . use music or a calming activity such as massaging or stroking their hand or brushing their hair to distract them . if , however , they seem aggressive do not put yourself in danger . if necessary , move back and wait for them to calm down . keep the person busy at sundown and in the early evening . sundowning . often people with dementia have good and bad days but also good and bad times during a given day - and often they may display more symptoms and anxiety as the light starts to fade , becoming confused , agitated , restless or showing repetitive behaviours . this pattern is referred to as ' sundowning ' . it 's not clear why this happens - it 's possible it 's to do with a disruption to brain chemicals affecting the body clock . two-thirds of those with alzheimer 's disease experience sundowning . it can occur at any stage of the condition , but tends to peak at the middle stage and lessen as the disease progresses . what to do : keep the person busy at sundown and in the early evening . avoid stimulants such as coffee or alcohol at this time of day as this may make them more excitable . a rocking chair can help as it is soothing and relaxing . it may also help to introduce more light into the room . look them in the eye when you talk . with dementia , the parts of the brain that normally deal with understanding , thought processing and language deteriorate . the patient may struggle with nuances and may lose their sense of humour ; they may also get frustrated and cross when they ca n't quickly bring to mind the words they need . furthermore , they may seem to get stuck in a loop and repeat the same question again and again . the following strategies can help tackle these issues : better to say : ' you seem to have put the crockery in the washing machine . did you mean to put them in the dishwasher ? ' ■ dr souter is a retired gp and fellow of the royal college of general practitioners . adapted by lucy elkins from your guide to understanding and dealing with dementia by dr keith souter , published by summersdale , £8.99 . order at www.mailbookshop.co.uk , or call 0808 272 0808 , p & p is free for a limited time only . 