security researchers have discovered a way to intercept a person 's fingerprints on a samsung galaxy s5 running android 4.4 and older . fingerprint scanners are often touted as the future of security and an alternative to the notoriously flawed password . but experts have discovered they may not be as secure as first thought after a number of android devices , including samsung 's galaxy s5 , were said to be potentially ' leaking ' fingerprints . the security researchers have found a way to intercept a person 's biometric data after it is captured by a built-in scanner , but before it becomes encrypted . tao wei and yulong zhang from security firm fireeye are expected to discuss their findings at this week 's rsa conference in san francisco . the pair told thomas fox-brewster from forbes that the flaw lies in older versions of the android operating system , up to and including android 4.4 . subsequently , anyone running android 5.0 or above are not at risk and the security experts are advising people on older models to update as soon as possible . the vulnerability means that a hacker can access the kernel , or core , of the android operating system . once inside they can monitor all data sent to and from the phone , as well as data recorded by the handset 's built-in sensors , including the fingerprint scanner . typically , when a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted and separated from the rest of the device in a secure folder . hackers ca n't get access to this folder even with access to the kernel , but they can collect scans immediately from the fingerprint sensor before they reach this folder . in addition to using these fingerprints to access the phone , for example , they can be used to make payments with paypal . scroll down for video . the flaw means that once a hacker has access they can monitor data recorded by built-in sensors , including the fingerprint scanner . when a fingerprint is scanned it is encrypted . hackers typically ca n't access this encrypted file , but the flaw allows them to collect scans from the sensor before being encrypted . during tests , mr wei and mr zhang confirmed the flaw was present on samsung galaxy s5 . they have not yet tested it on other android smartphones with built-in fingerprint scanners , including the galaxy note 4 , note edge and huawei ascend mate 7 . however , they believe the problem to be ' more widespread ' than the galaxy s5 and are planning to put this to the test . fireeye 's research is n't the first time the samsung galaxy s5 's scanner has been exposed as vulnerable . in april last year a group of german hackers managed to spoof the scanner using a dummy print . apple 's touchid is n't without flaws either . it took hackers just two days and a small collection of everyday household items to bypass the fingerprint sensor on an apple iphone 5s following its launch in 2013 . chaos computer club , based in berlin , took a high-resolution photograph of a fingerprint from the side of a glass . they then scanned it , before laser printing it onto a transparent sheet and covering it in woodglue . once the glue had dried , they peeled off the print copy and pressed it on the scanner . mr wei and mr zhang said they have alerted samsung to the issue but not received an update . samsung told mailonline ' it takes consumer privacy and data security very seriously ' and is currently investigating fireeye’s claims . security expert graham cluely said : ' it 's worth remembering that fingerprints are not secrets . ' relying on your fingerprints to secure a device may be okay for casual security - but you should n't depend upon it if you have sensitive data you wish to protect . ' this is n't the first time samsung 's s5 scanner has been exposed as vulnerable . in april last year a group of german hackers managed to spoof the scanner using a dummy print . this situation is made worse by the fact that once a password has been initially used to access paypal and samsung phones , the fingerprint can be continually used for access without re-entering the password - even if the phone is rebooted . alternatively , on apple phones a password is required following every reboot . that does n't mean that apple 's touchid scanner is without flaws . it took hackers just two days and a small collection of everyday household items to bypass the fingerprint sensor on an apple iphone 5s following its launch in 2013 . apple 's touchid is n't without flaws either . it took hackers just two days and a small collection of everyday household items to bypass the fingerprint sensor ( shown ) on an apple iphone 5s following its launch in 2013 . chaos computer club , based in berlin , took a high-resolution photograph of a fingerprint from the side of a glass . they then scanned it , before laser printing it onto a transparent sheet and covering it in woodglue . once the glue had dried , they peeled off the print copy and pressed it on the scanner . stephen ebbett , global director of gadget insurer protect your bubble told mailonline : ' this underpins the importance of security research . 'there’s no room for flaws in fingerprint id systems now that mobile payments are becoming commonplace . in a survey we carried out , almost a third ( 31 per cent ) of uk mobile users told us they want to wait until mobile payment technology is more advanced before trying it themselves and , with a step back like this , it may take even more time to assuage consumer fears over security and fraud . ' matt white , senior manager in kpmg 's cyber security practice added : ' replacing passwords with biometric alternatives such as fingerprints provides better security , however it does n't completely eliminate the risk posed by cyber criminals . ' the largest hurdle with biometrics going forward will be the establishment of consumer trust . a fingerprint was photographed using 2400 dpi resolution . the image was inverted and laser printed onto a transparent sheet with a thick toner setting . hackers then poured woodglue onto the print pattern , pictured top . after it dried , the sheet was lifted and pressed onto the sensor , pictured bottom , to unlock the phone . ' trying to convince the average person to implant a piece of technology to increase security of their perceived already secure account is a battle unlikely to be won . ' and andy kemshall , co-founder and technical director at securenvoy said : ' biometric authentication is not yet near the level it needs to be for the majority of consumer facing organisations to implement it in their products . ' fingerprint scanning , eyeball scanning , voice and face recognition are all at least a decade away from being reliable enough to use as authentication methods . ' the technology simply is n't sophisticated enough .