from medical problems to travel plans , your google searches can reveal a intimate snapshot of your life . while it can be easy to forget these searches , if you were logged into a google account , all these queries have been saved . now google is offering users the option of downloading their entire search archive , as well as deleting part , or all , of the record . are you curious about what you were searching for on google this time last year ? now you can find out with a new tool that downloads a history of every google search you ever made while logged into a google account . visit history.google.com and log in with your google account . click onto a calendar view to take a look at what you searched for on any given date . the settings button on the top right corner can download the database . to delete your entire search history , click settings , remove items and pick a time frame , such ' from the beginning of time ' . the feature exports your searches to google drive in a zip archive , with files divided by year and quarter . ' you can download all of your saved search history to see a list of the terms you 've searched for , ' a google support page says . ' this gives you access to your data when and where you want . ' to download your history visit history.google.com and log in with your google account . then click onto a calendar view to take a look at what you searched for on any given date . for those who want to keep a record of their google searches , clicking the settings button on the top right corner can download the database . items in search can be deleted by checking the box next to them and clicking the ' remove items ' option . to delete your entire search history , click settings , remove items and pick a time frame , such ' from the beginning of time ' . the feature exports all of your searches to google drive in a zip archive , with files divided by year and quarter . google stresses that only account holders can see their data . the company has also warned user not download the search archive on a public computer to maintain privacy . according to the unofficial google operating system blog , the california-based began testing its download feature last year . it follows similar moves by groups such as facebook who have made it easier for users to access their archived content following privacy concerns .