it is the age-old trick of students the world over - pulling all-nighters to cram for an exam . but a team of experts at brandeis university in massachusetts have a few words of wisdom , urging students to put down the coffee and sleep . they believe the memory neurons that are responsible for converting short-term memories into long-term ones , work most effectively when a person is asleep . scientists have long known that sleep , memory and learning are deeply connected . most animals , from flies to humans , have trouble remembering when they are sleep-deprived . and studies have shown that sleep is critical in converting short-term memories , into long-term memory , a process known as memory consolidation . a team of scientists at brandeis university in massachusetts believe all-nighters to cram before an exam wo n't work because the process converting short-term memory to long-term memory is best carried out when a person is asleep . but just how that process works has remained a mystery . one body of thinking questions whether the mechanism that promotes sleep is also responsible for consolidating memory . while another asks if the two distinct process work together . in other words , is memory consolidated during sleep because the brain is quiet , allowing memory neurons to go to work , or are memory neurons actually putting us to sleep ? graduate students , paula haynes and bethany christmann , at the university 's griffith lab , believe the answer is the latter . they focused their research on dorsal paired medial neurons , well-known memory consolidators in fruit flies . the pair noted , for the first time , that when the neurons are activated , the flies slept more , but when they were deactivated , the flies kept buzzing . these memory consolidators cause the flies to fall asleep , as they begin to convert short-term memory to long-term memory . ms haynes and ms christmann said this all takes place in a section of the fly 's brain called the mushroom body - similar to the hippocampus in humans , which is where our memories are stored . the parts of the fly 's mushroom body , which is responsible for memory and learning is the same part that keeps it awake . the hippocampus in the brain , highlighted in red , is where our memories are stored , and where , the scientists believe the process takes place . ms christmann , said : ' it 's almost as if that section of the mushroom body were saying , `` hey , stay awake and learn this '' . ' then , after a while , the dpm neurons start signaling to suppress that section , as if to say , `` you 're going to need sleep if you want to remember this later '' . ' understanding how sleep and memory are connected in a simple system , like fruit flies , can help scientists unravel the secrets of the human brain . ' knowing that sleep and memory overlap in the fly brain can allow researchers to narrow their search in humans , ' ms christmann said . ' eventually , it could help us figure out how sleep or memory is affected when things go wrong , as in the case of insomnia or memory disorders . ' this research was funded by the national institute of health . 