it 's a dog-eat-dog world out there , as french restaurateurs have discovered . a report to the french government is urging eateries and customers to embrace ' le doggy bag ' in a bid to reduce the staggering amount of food thrown away each year . socialist mp guillaume garot , the author of the study , said while the popular us practice was previously ' unthinkable ' for snooty diners and chefs , a change in attitudes could save france up to €20 billion ( £14 billion ) a year . french diners have previously seen doggy bags - popular in america and the uk - as ' embarrassing ' , but one mp has said increasing their use would stop the country wasting huge amounts of food . chefs in france have treated takeaway bags with contempt , seeing them as ' degrading ' towards their dishes . the mp has put forward 36 proposals including promoting ' doggy bags ' , which allow customers to bring their leftover meal home with them , as a way of stopping the rampant food waste in france , a report in the daily telegraph says . throwing still-edible food away , the study continues , costs the average french household €400 ( £285 ) a year . mr garot accepts that there is a cultural obstacle stopping diners asking for takeaway bags , with proud chefs seeing it as ' degrading ' towards their carefully-crafted dishes . but the scale of the food wastage problem in france means something must be done to stop the ' almost automatic ' habit of waiters and cooks throwing away leftover food , he adds . throwing away still-edible food is costing the country up to €20 billion each year , the mp 's study has found . a un report found 1.3 billion tons of food was wasted globally each year , the equivalent of a third of food produced . cash-strapped france is attempting to save money after its position in the eurozone worsened considerably in 2014 , a year that saw higher unemployment , an increase in the public deficit and a decrease in investment . french start-up company takeaway told the newspaper introduced the ' doggy bags ' - or ' le gourmet bag ' , as one union boss has suggested calling them - is considered ' a bit embarrassing ' . but a recent poll revealed that 75 per cent of french diners would consider making the most of the bags to enjoy the rest of their dinner later on .