us aviation authorities have launched an investigation to find out whether a plane dumped toilet paper and plastic objects all over a neighbourhood in a pennsylvania town . several properties were littered with debris that appeared to fall out of the sky over the town of west pittston in luzerne county on monday morning . residents believe the rubbish came from the lavatory holding tank of a plane flying overhead , and have complained to the federal aviation administration ( faa ) . paula viccica believes the debris that landed on her property was expelled from a plane flying overhead . the bulk of the debris landed in the well-kept front garden and trees at the home of paula viccica . she told the wilkes-barre/scranton times leader that she saw pieces of white paper fluttering down from the sky for several minutes . she told the newspaper that local airport officials identified four planes flying overhead around the time she made the discovery . while no human waste was discovered , her 13-year-old daughter , tori , said there was an odour to the debris after it landed in the garden . the homeowner complained to aviation authorities and wants assurance that it does not pose a danger . paula told the times leader : ‘ beyond aesthetics , i’m concerned with safety . i want our property to be cleaned up and assurance that it does not pose a danger to anyone . ’ other residents in the neighbourhood , about 115 miles north of philadelphia , were surprised to learn about the discovery . resident michael reiher told newswatch 16 : ‘that’s nuts . i mean , a plane drops stuff out of the sky and onto a yard ? the faa said lavatory waste is contained in a holding tank that can only be opened from the outside . ‘that’s crazy . i have never seen something like that before . ’ on its website , the faa said it investigates all reports , but pointed out that it is ‘ very rare for anything to fall from an aircraft’ . it said lavatory waste is contained in a holding tank until a plane lands , and the apparatus to access the tank is located on the exterior of the plane . the faa said that it’s ‘ physically impossible’ for a pilot to dump a tank while in flight , as it is opened with an exterior lever .