a new mother who ' died ' for 11 minutes during her son 's birth woke up four days later with no memory of ever being pregnant or having her baby . hilary wilson , from whitchurch , shropshire , was technically dead for a terrifying 11 minutes after suffering a severe cardiac arrest as her son , felix , was being born . the 41-year-old woke up four days later , with absolutely no idea that she had been pregnant , or that she had given birth to felix just days earlier . it was only when she saw a picture of her new baby wearing her children 's hand-me-downs that she realised he was her son . hilary wilson had a cardiac arrest during a caesarean section and ' died ' for 11 minutes . when she woke up , she had no idea she had been pregnant or given birth to her son felix ( pictured now at nine months old ) . mrs wilson only realised she had a son when someone showed her a picture of felix wearing a baby grow that her other children had worn when they were born , and it ' clicked ' that he was her son . the mother-of-three has defied the odds and made a remarkable recovery , despite being given just a 30 per cent chance of survival and an 85 per cent possibility of brain damage . mrs wilson , a translator , said : ' when i woke up , my friends and family would talk to me about felix , but i had no idea what they were on about . ' i was trying to make sense out of everything - i did n't know where i was or what had happened - i had no idea that i 'd ever been pregnant or just had a baby . ' it was n't until my sister showed me a picture of felix that things very slowly started to fall into place . her older sons , sebastian , six , and lucas , four , had both worn a white baby grow with blue piping when they were newborns . ' felix was wearing it in the picture - so i thought he must have been mine , ' said mrs wilson . ' i knew no one else would have one like it , so when i saw him wearing it , i thought he must be mine . ' i made the conscious decision to believe what everyone was telling me , even though i 'm not quite sure i 'd accepted it just yet . ' an amniotic fluid embolism is a rare but serious condition that occurs when amniotic fluid — the fluid that surrounds a baby in the uterus during pregnancy — or fetal material , such as hair , enters the maternal bloodstream . an amniotic fluid embolism is most likely to occur during childbirth or immediately afterward . signs and symptoms of an amniotic fluid embolism might include : source : mayo clinic . she added : ' when i met him when he was six days old , i did n't really feel like he was mine - i was n't interested in holding him , and i was happy for my mum to give him cuddles instead of me . ' it was n't until i was well enough to go back to the maternity ward and could breastfeed felix that i really started to bond with him . ' slowly , vague memories of being pregnant and giving birth returned , and i gradually started to feel the instinct to look after him . ' now , felix and i have a wonderful relationship , and the whole ordeal almost feels like a dream . ' mrs wilson suffered an amniotic fluid embolism . this is where the amniotic fluid – the liquid inside the sac in which the baby grows - or other matter from the foetus , such as hair , cells or other debris , gets into the mother 's bloodstream . the condition can lead to seizures , coma , and cardiac arrest , where electrical activity of the heart becomes chaotic and it suddenly stops pumping blood around the body . mrs wilson had been in labour for 12 hours when doctors decided to perform a caesarean . just as baby felix , now nine months , was being lifted out of the womb , mrs wilson went into cardiac arrest . she said : ' i remember feeling sick , and seconds later i had a cardiac arrest . ' they did cpr on me for 11 minutes and i had adrenaline injected into my heart . ' i lost four fifths of my blood because they had n't finished the surgery on my c-section - i had to have a blood transfusion and was put on life support . ' i woke up four days later and had no idea what was going on - all i knew was that i was in a lot of pain . mrs wilson was given just a 30 per cent chance of survival . thankfully she made a remarkable recovery and is now at home with her family ( ( from left to right ) felix , lucas , four , sebastian , six , and husband barry . mrs wilson can only remember vague details of being pregnant or felix 's birth . but he is now a ' perfectly healthy , smiley little baby ' , she said , and they are ' completely bonded ' . ' i was trying to make sense of everything around me , i thought maybe i was paralysed , or that i 'd died - i eventually decided that i must be having a nightmare . ' i remember someone telling me that felix was fine , but i was so confused - so many people would visit me and mention him , but i had no clue who they were talking about . ' family and friends showed hilary photographs of her new son , but she remained confused and unable to recall any details about him . she said : ' i knew that the pain i was feeling was coming from my stomach , so when people talked about the baby , i thought it would make sense that my tummy hurt if i 'd just had a caesarean . ' but i wrestled with the idea of believing it , because whilst it all made sense , i could n't remember . ' my sister showed me a picture of felix on her ipad , and when i saw the baby grow he was wearing , something clicked . ' it was very strange - one minute i would have a grasp on reality , and the next i would be all over the place again . ' mrs wilson finally met felix for the first time when he was six days old , but she still struggled to accept that he was her baby . mrs wilson said she burst into tears when she saw felix for the first time ( he is pictured in hospital ) . she said : ' i was sad that such a little baby had been all on his own for the past week ' . ' after that he was brought in once a day , but the bonding process only really began when i was able to breast feed him . ' the nurses had used a breast pump on me while i was sedated , so i was still able to breast feed . ' i was so pleased that my husband allowed the medics to do that - breast feeding is really important to me , and it allowed me to bond with felix . ' i finally started to truly accept that he was mine . ' after spending two weeks in hospital , mrs wilson and felix returned home . ' i can only vaguely remember my pregnancy and giving birth - some things come back to me , but i 'll see pictures of me before i had the baby , and i had no recollection of him . ' the past 12 months are pretty hazy , but i have to accept that i may never get my memories back . ' it 's bizarre to look back on what happened , it 's almost like a dream . ' life is never going to be the same again - the day felix was born was like a re-birthday for me because it 's given me a whole new perspective . ' it 's made me realise how precious life is , and i 'm grateful for every single day i have . ' mrs wilson will be cycling from vietnam to cambodia to raise money for cmpa support and for the shrewsbury intensive treatment unit which saved her life . to donate , visit : https : //www.justgiving.com/hilary-wilson-itu .  