we 've all inadvertently put our foot in it while trying to be helpful to a fellow human at some point or another , but what 's it like being on the receiving end of this day-in , day-out ? pretty irritating according to a new ask reddit thread , which invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive , but end up being just the opposite . ' do n't call me an inspiration . be your own damn inspiration , ' one user wrote , amid nearly 4,000 comments made in the space of a day . do n't say it ! a new ask reddit thread invited members of the disabled community to list all the ways able-bodied people think they are being supportive , but end up being just the opposite ( picture posed by models ) . ' i do n't want to be your inspiration , i want to be your next door neighbor and i want to be left to my own devices please , ' another wrote . this was a popular theme . ' [ do n't tell me ] how brave or strong i am , ' one submitter wrote . ' i 'm pretty sure i did n't say `` hey , universe , make me handicapped . '' ' there 's nothing brave or strong about it . i exist . my strength and courage comes from what i do . not what i am . ' many disabled people say it was insulting and patronising to be ' praised ' for doing normal things , like going to university ( picture posed by models ) . another user echoed this , stating : ' if anything , i have n't been brave . just careless for being in a place that i really should n't have been at the time . ' others said it was insulting and patronising to be ' praised ' for doing normal things , like going to university . ' what am i supposed to do , sit on my a** all day and wait to die ? ' one posed . another common complaint , particularly among wheelchair users , was people insisting they ' help ' , and not taking no for an answer . ' i have cerebral palsy , ' wrote one . ' i love when people help me , but please always ask first , and i if i say , `` no thanks , i 've got it '' then go on with your day . ' another raised some people 's tendency to take charge of their wheelchair . ' [ the ] situation would be similar to seeing someone who looked tired at the bottom of a hill , and offering to carry them up . ' to most people , no matter how tired , that would be pretty damn weird and infantilising . ' a surprising number of disabled people have been accused of ' faking it ' to earn perks . a surprising number of users claimed to have been accused of ' faking ' their disabilities , or playing them up , particularity when it comes to disabled parking spots . ' [ my aunt ] has ms and on good days she might go to a grocery store ... and stand up to reach things on the top shelf , ' one wrote . ' but if she tried to walk the entire store she 'd be in bad shape . ' perhaps the most obnoxious habit mentioned was people recommending ' diets ' , ' remedies ' or ' cures ' . ' believe me , unless you are a researcher who specialises in my condition , you probably do n't know more about treatments than me , ' one advised . last but not least , whatever you do , do n't bring religion into it . as one submitter put it : ' if you tell me `` god does everything for a reason , '' i 'll break your goddamned nose for a good reason . '