michelle obama has issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that her eldest daughter is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own . ' i 've got a driver — a 16-year-old driving around , ' the first lady said during an appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday . ' look out dc , ' she joked . although malia receives protection from the secret service , mrs. obama revealed that she does get to drive outside the white house grounds on her own . scroll down for video . michelle obama made a special appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday . the first lady jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that eldest daughter malia is now a licensed driver who is sometimes allowed to go out driving on her own . 3.1 phillip lim cropped high waisted wide leg trouser pants at saks fifth avenue . shop the trousers at saks . visit site . america 's fashionable first lady looks just as much at ease wearing ball gowns or a pair of trousers . at a recent appearance on live ! with kelly and michael , michelle obama paired a 3.1 phillip lim white wide leg pants with a green , white and black print blouse . her outfit choice is obviously comfort driven and perfect for spring ! along with the trendy monochrome color palette , the always stylish mrs obama also embraced the white hot trend of wide leg pants . after many years of skinny pant dominance , the roomy silhouette is once again back in fashion . just in time for the warmer weather , wear them with sneakers or go glam and pair them with high heels . either way , these pants will turn heads on the streets . check out our great selection of white wide leg pants . with designer as well as budget friendly options , you too could dance to uptown funk in these delectable pants . halston heritage trousers at bloomingdale 's . visit site . chelsea 28 high rise wide leg pants . visit site . milly cady pintuck pants . visit site . dailylook classic wide leg pants . visit site . ' she always has security around . but in order for her to learn how to drive , she had to drive on her own . so once she was legally permitted to drive on her own , she gets in her car , ' said mrs. obama . her eldest daughter 's newfound freedom had reminded the first lady that not having dirven herself in seven years she had forgotten how to . when malia asked her mom about how to park in a public parking lot , the first last admitted she was stumped . ' i barely know now too so i have to check with other sources , ' she said . the first lady also discussed a time magazine article which named malia and sister sasha among the 25 most influential teens of 2014 . ' i do n't know why — they 're not influential , they just live here ! ' she joked . ' they have done nothing to gain any influence . ' ' i do n't think they even realize that they 're influential , ' she added . ' i do n't think anybody showed them that article , so do n't mention it ! ' ' they 're not influential ' : the first lady also jokingly dismissed a time magazine article which had named her daughters as influential teens . president obama and the first lady greeted participants at the white house before the annual white house easter egg roll on monday . tens of thousands of people gathered on the white house south lawn for the annual easter egg roll festivities which the president officially started by blowing on a whistle . the first lady — who is celebrating the fifth anniversary of her let 's move ! campaign — also noted that both her teenager daughters are very familiar with the concept of sarcasm . ' when they get a little snarky , i 'm like , ' oh , you sound like your dad ! '' tens of thousands of people gathered on the white house south lawn on monday for the annual easter egg roll festivities . this year 's theme is # gimmefive , which is part of mrs. obama 's campaign to try to get young people to be more active and lead healthier lives . monday 's events included sports and fitness zones , cooking demonstrations , and of course , the traditional egg roll . the egg roll is one of the longest-standing white house traditions . in 1878 , president rutherford b. hayes opened the white house grounds to local children for egg rolling . president obama , first lady michelle obama , with dogs bo ( top ) and and sunny ( bottom ) , and the easter bunny joined participants before the annual white house easter egg roll in washington on monday . festive : the first family pictured outside alfred street baptist church in alexandria , virginia , after sunday 's easter service . president in the house : obama can be seen to the right of the picture above worshiping on sunday . the first family has kicked off this year 's easter celebrations on sunday with a visit to the alfred street baptist church in alexandria , virginia . rev howard-john wesley had opened the service by welcoming the president , before urging the congregation not to take selfies with him . ' how fitting that on the day we celebrate the rising of our lord and savior , we also welcome our sitting president , ' wesley said , as the congregation rose to their feet in applause . ' this is not selfie time , ' wesley said jokingly . ' let the brother worship in the house of god . ' churchgoers traditionally walk around to shake hands and give hugs during the greetings and announcements portion of service , but the pastor encouraged the crowd to stay in their seats and greet only their closest neighbors , as the sanctuary was tightly secured with secret service agents . the choir - including women in purple dresses and men sporting purple ties - sang a lively rendition of the hymn ' he lives , ' stirring most of the church , filled to capacity , to clap , sing and sway in praise alongside the upbeat organ keys while ushers collected the tithes and offering . singalong : the family ( pictured in the second row of the congregation ) joined in with upbeat hymns . people queued around the block for the service in alexandria , monitored by federal security officers . the lively pastor based his sermon around a scripture from 1 corinthians 15 on the life and resurrection of christ . ' where do you stand in the resurrection of christ , ' he asked . ' you either believe it or reject it . ' wesley said the sacrifices of christ allowed the congregation to be forgiven for their own sins . ' he took the pain for me . i owe him my life . i owe him my praise . i owe him my hallelujah , ' he said . appearing on jimmy fallon 's talk show this week , the first lady revealed that she and her husband will be performing a routine with so you think you can dance contestants on the front lawn of the white house during the annual easter egg roll . it will be to the tune of uptown funk . michelle said she has been practicing the dance , called gim me five ! , for over a year in the hope that it will inspire children to exercise . well wishes : michelle obama tweeted this message to her thousands of followers on sunday morning . 