the arizona police officer who rammed his car into an armed suspect was previously involved in a lawsuit while working for the new york police department . michael rapiejko was accused of approaching a man as he got out of his car in october 2005 and pointing a gun at him before handcuffing him and threatening to shoot him in front of his wife and four children . the plaintiff , luis colon , also claimed that rapiejko choked him and ordered that he get back into his car . scroll down for videos . michael rapiejko ( above ) was accused of approaching luis colon as he got out of his car in october 2005 , pointing a gun at him and threatening to shoot him . according to nbc 4 , rapiejko 's defense team said that while their client did point a gun at the man and order him back into his car , the other claims were untrue . colon was charged with obstructing governmental administration , resisting arrest and disorderly conduct , all charges that were dropped in april 2006 . in the end , the city settled with colon for $ 20,000 under the condition that he dismiss all other claims . the settlement was reached in december 2008 , the same time rapiejko left the new york police department and joined the tucson police department . this as rapiejko is under fire for using possible excessive force when he mowed down an armed suspect ( above ) in his police vehicle . the officer joined the marana police department roughly a year-and-a-half ago , where he is now being investigated by internal affairs . rapiejko , a cross fit devotee , calls himself robocop . video of the february 19 incident emerged earlier this week , and shows rapiejko , 34 , running into suspect mario valencia , who was carrying what appears to be a rifle , and who seems to point the weapon to the sky and fire off shots . a police officer in one of the patrol cars says : ' one round just went out . he 's definitely loaded . ' he then tells his colleague , officer michael rapiejko , in the other vehicle : ' stand off , the gun is loaded . ' mario valencia ( above ) was in the hospital for two days after being hit by rapiejko . but apparently ignoring his advice , rapiejko overtakes the officer 's car , before speeding straight toward valencia . seconds later , his vehicle mounts the curb and smashes into the suspect 's body . valencia is sent flying into the air , while the car crashes through a concrete wall before coming to a halt amid debris . the other officer can be heard shouting in shock : ' oh ! jesus christ , man down . ' valencia was rushed to university of arizona medical center in serious condition following the crash and was eventually booked into jail two days later . sergeant chris warren said at the time that valencia ' was a dangerous felon who 'd been on a crime spree throughout the morning ' . this crime spree allegedly involved theft at a convenience store at , vandalism and burglary at the tucson baptist temple , a home invasion and theft of a car . it culminated with the alleged theft of a rifle from walmart , after which he was hit by rapiejko 's police vehicle . rapiejko was put on standard administrative leave after the crash , but soon reinstated after the pima county attorney 's office cleared the officer of any wrongdoing . valencia is facing several felony charges for his alleged crime spree .      