arnold palmer defied his age and a shoulder injury to hit the ceremonial opening drive of the 79th masters and provide the first storyline at augusta national this year . palmer , the seven-time major champion and now 85 years old , has been struggling in his recovery from a dislocated shoulder , which kept him out of the par 3 contest on wednesday . but he ignored the pain to take his place alongside jack nicklaus and gary player as the honorary starters on thursday morning . that he hooked his shot a short distance towards the ninth fairway mattered not . arnold palmer hits the ceremonial opening drive of the 2015 masters at augusta national . the 85-year-old legend , who won seven majors , defied an injury to hit his tee shot . palmer hit his shot low and left but the crowds will have been thrilled to see the legend in action . palmer , who won four masters titles in his glittering career , watches his tee shot . nicklaus has a record six masters wins , palmer four and player three , meaning they have 13 victories at augusta between them . but it was player who was able to claim bragging rights among the trio , formerly known as golf 's ' big three ' . the 79-year-old fitness fanatic produced the longest drive on the par-four first hole . nicklaus , 75 , who recorded his first ever hole-in-one at augusta during the par 3 contest , was around 10 yards behind player . both men split the fairway on a hole ranked the third hardest on the course last year . with that the trio retired to the clubhouse and allowed the tournament proper to begin , with conditions perfect for the early starters . south african gary player split the fairway with a glorious drive that belied his 79 years . jack nicklaus , who won a record 18 major championships , hits his drive on thursday morning . player , dressed all in trademark black , congratulates his friend and old rival on his drive . palmer enjoys the occasion with his old sparring partner nicklaus . nicklaus ( left ) shakes hands with player during their heyday at wentworth in 1966 . palmer unleashes a drive in the ryder cup at royal lytham & st annes in 1961 . 