robert kennedy jr has apologized for describing the number of children injured by vaccines as ' a holocaust ' . the nephew of president john f kennedy used the term last week during the screening of a film that links autism to a chemical found in several childhood vaccinations - despite evidence to the contrary . on monday , following a storm of criticism , he publicly retracted his statement . back track : robert kennedy jr has apologized for comparing vaccinated children to holocaust victims . kennedy said he had been struggling for a way to convey the effects of autism on children and their families . ' i want to apologize to all whom i offended by my use of the word holocaust to describe the autism epidemic , ' kennedy said in a statement . ' i employed the term during an impromptu speech as i struggled to find an expression to convey the catastrophic tragedy of autism which has now destroyed the lives of over 20 million children and shattered their families . ' he said he will use other words to describe the autism crisis in the future as he promotes the documentary trace amounts . the film purports that there is a connection between thimerosal - a chemical found in several childhood vaccines - and a rise in autism among american children - despite the majority of the scientific community dismissing any connection . its release comes amid protests against a california bill that would limit vaccination waivers for schoolchildren . incendiary comment : he made the comment last week while promoting a film that implies there is a link between thimerosal - a chemical used in vaccines - and autism , despite medical evidence to the contrary . it has generated such an acidic debate that some opponents have compared the proposal 's author online to adolf hitler . state sen. richard pan , a democratic pediatrician from sacramento , said he was under added security in response to his bill . the proposal will be heard wednesday in a senate education committee . thursday marks holocaust remembrance day . ' the word holocaust should never be used as a flippant throwaway line to make a point in a debate , ' said assemblyman marc levine , vice chair of the legislative jewish caucus , during a holocaust remembrance event on monday in the california assembly . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .