denmark has finally passed a law banning bestiality in an attempt to crack down on perverts visiting the country to have sex with animals . the nordic country decided to tighten up its laws amid reports of animal sex shows , clubs and even animal brothels frequented by tourists taking advantage of its lax regulations . the previous law only stipulated a ban on intercourse which harmed the animals . new law : the danish government bought in tougher legislation amid fears their relaxed legal stance on bestiality was making the country a destination for people who wanted to have sex with animals . but agricultural minister dan jorgensen pointed out it was difficult to prove whether or not the animal had been harmed . ' the current legislation does not protect the animals enough , ' he wrote in an opinion piece . ' it 's hard to prove that an animal suffers when a human has sexual intercourse with it , and that is why we must give the animal the benefit of the doubt . ' those voting for the bill said denmark did not want to remain the last northern european country where bestiality was legal , as this was attracting animal sex tourists . germany , norway , sweden and britain previously banned it . ' there are frequent reports of the occurrence of organised animal sex shows , clubs and animal brothels in denmark , ' the danish ethical council for animals , an independent advisory board under the food and agriculture ministry , said in a report , while adding that it had not been able to verify the reports . tourist destination : there were reports of animal sex shows , clubs and even brothels in the nordic country . an investigation by the now defunct danish newspaper 24timer about 10 years ago found animal owners were openly advertising their animals ' services ' for sale ' , for between £57 and £113 - depending on what was required . more recently , a 2011 justice ministry report surveyed veterinarians and found 17 percent of them suspected that an animal they treated had had intercourse with a human . the advent of the internet no doubt helped the boom in animal sex tourism : there are entire forums dedicated to helping people swap advice on bestiality , as well as pornography . the move leaves few countries in the world where bestiality is still legal : within europe , it leaves just finland , romania and hungary . in the united states , laws surrounding bestiality vary from state to state : vermont , new hampshire and ohio are some of the states where there is no law against it . 