raheem sterling could force his way out of liverpool this summer , costing the club up to £25million while saving potential suitors such as manchester city and chelsea the same amount . under premier league regulations the 20-year-old is entitled to 'buy-out ' the last year of his current contract which runs out in 2017 . the effect of that would see the fee liverpool could command for the forward dramatically reduce . raheem sterling has rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with liverpool and could leave this summer . the 20 year-old could lower his value by buying-out the last year of his current deal for £1.7million . liverpool insist they will hold firm and not be forced into selling sterling in the close season . however , the reds would have to reconsider their stance if sterling and his advisers go down the route of buying out a chunk of his contract . it is understood liverpool value sterling as high as £50million given his age , talent and potential . however , if sterling effectively only had one year left on his contract that fee would be reduced considerably - perhaps even in half to £25 million . with sterling currently on a £35,000 a week , it would cost the england international £1.7m to buy out the last year of his contract . that sum could swiftly be recouped in the form of a signing on fee with a new club and , of course , in wages . manchester city and chelsea are both keen on sterling , pictured racing against philippe coutinho . sterling 's value could plummet by up to £25million is he chooses to buy-out the final year of his contract . liverpool have remained steadfast that their current offer of £100,000-a-week , with potential increments , is more than fair . but the player and his advisers believe he is now worthy of earning in the region of £150,000-a-week . that is the sum the sterling camp believe they can get elsewhere with clubs they feel are more likely to play champions league football . thus far , the stalemate between sterling and liverpool does not seem to have affected his performances too much . however , there are those close to the club who feel the situation can not continue to rumble on for too long for fear of upsetting the mood of the camp . the situation also has the potential to affect liverpool 's moves in the transfer market this summer . slaven bilic remains the name that keeps bouncing back from west ham sources as the most likely to replace sam allardyce this summer . bilic , a west ham hero as a player , has an impressive managerial cv having coached croatia and also has champions league experience with current club besiktas . besiktas manager slaven bilic is in the frame to replace sam allardyce at west ham this summer . however , bilic has not managed in the premier league and the west ham hierarchy are nervous about who comes in to take over from allardyce given how crucial staying in the top-flight is next season with the club moving into the olympic stadium in 2017 . while swansea 's garry monk last week dismissed stories linking him to a move to upton park , the 36-year-old has been added to west ham 's ' long list ' along with michael laudrup , rafa benitez , marcelo bielsa and frank rijkaard . southampton are set to make a move for manchester united striker javier hernandez when the transfer window opens . the saints believe they could pip west ham in a move for the mexican forward , currently on loan at real madrid , by offering nathaniel clyne to united for a reduced fee of £20m . southampton could offer nathaniel clyne ( right ) to manchester united in order to sign javier hernandez ( left ) . jurgen klopp 's decision to quit borussia dortmund caused immediate reports that he could take over at manchester city or arsenal this summer . the speculation in each case was not without foundation . although manchester city retain the stance they will remain loyal to manuel pelligrini , there is bound to be a review of the chilean 's position at the end of what has become a disappointing season . while it would seem arsenal 's revival will see arsene wenger remain in the gunners ' hotseat for another season , the sudden and rare availability of a coach with a cv and reputation such as klopp 's could focus minds at the north london club and raise questions about long term planning and an improvement of the clubs premier league and champions league challenges . meanwhile , german club wolfsburg remain interested in everton 's unsettled striker romelu lukaku . jurgen klopp could move to the premier league after announcing that he will leave borussia dortmund . tottentham could make a move for aston villa forward christian benteke this summer . despite the rise of harry kane , spurs still want to bolster their strike force . however , west ham , with big ambitions in the build up to their move to olympic stadium , may take on rivals spurs in a £20m-plus battle for the belgium international with the hammers in the market for a new marksman . aston villa 's in-form striker christian benteke is a summer transfer target for tottenham and west ham . i am hearing . watford boss slavisa jokanovic has attracted the attention of several clubs given that he has yet to be offered a long term deal by the hornets . despite taking watford to the brink of the premier league , the 46-year-old serb - who has revived the club since taking over in october - still has no idea whether he will be given a long-term deal . that will surely be the case should watford gain promotion . however , if they miss out , jokanovic could be on the market . there would be plenty of championship clubs interested and some possible suitors in the premier league such as sunderland . watford boss slavisa jokanovic is still not sure whether he will be in charge of the hornets long-term . i am also hearing . west ham insist they will not be listening to offers for left back aaron cresswell . the defender has attracted the attention of several top clubs including chelsea . however , an offer of £20m could turn their head . the hammers would then return to ipswich , having signed cresswell from the tractor boys for £5m last summer , and offer a similar sum for 22-year-old tyrone mings . mings , who replaced cresswell at left back , is also on arsenal 's radar . west ham want to keep hold of defender aaron cresswell , who is a target for premier league leaders chelsea . the hammers could make a move for ipswich 's tyrone mings if they do cash in on cresswell this summer .