murdered preacher abdul hadi arwani ( above ) was killed by a hitman who climbed into the back of his car , it emerged last night . murdered preacher abdul hadi arwani was killed by a hitman who climbed into the back of his car , it emerged last night . the syrian-born 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in london on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work . but when the imam arrived , the killer got into the rear seat of his volkswagen passat and shot him several times . the murder at 11.15am on tuesday bears all the hallmarks of a professional assassination because the gunman was thought to have used a silencer and it took place away from cctv cameras . scotland yard counter-terrorism officers are investigating whether mr arwani , a fierce critic of syrian president bashar al-assad , was murdered on the orders of the regime . they suspect the part-time builder was tricked into driving to wembley to quote for a job – but the killer was put off when the imam took his teenage son along and claimed he could not find the keys to the house . he is thought to have been executed when the mystery client – described as having an african accent – asked mr arwani to return a second time alone . shortly after the shooting mr arwani 's car was discovered ' perfectly parked ' on the side of the road with the engine still running and with one of the windows wound down . the father-of-six from acton , west london , had links to the muslim brotherhood , an islamist group outlawed in syria and other countries in the middle east . he is understood to have been a member of the organisation until about seven years ago , but retained ties to some of the group 's senior figures . the syrian-born 48-year-old was lured to an upmarket street in london on the pretence of providing a quote for some building work . above , two men stand outside the an noor mosque in acton , west london , which is near to where mr arwani was shot dead on tuesday . police cordoned off the murder scene . it is thought that when the imam arrived , the killer got into his volkswagen passat . mr arwani was a fierce critic of syrian president bashar al-assad , who is pictured above in september 2013 . mr arwani fled syria in 1982 after a massacre in his home city of hama carried out on the orders of assad 's father , hafez . the imam , who moved to britain in the mid-1990s after studying islamic law in jordan , claimed he was sentenced to death in his absence by the syrian regime . he was involved in violent anti-assad demonstrations outside the syrian embassy in london three years ago . police were forced to use riot shields to beat back protesters after they broke through barriers , and six people were arrested . mr arwani told reporters during the demonstration : ' this building belongs to the syrian people , not a regime killing people every single day for ten months . ' detectives are also considering whether the father of six was killed by someone associated with the notorious an noor mosque in acton where he was imam from 2005 to 2011 .