two kayakers died , and another remains hospitalized in serious condition , after a sudden seattle storm with 35mph winds overturned their boats during a church-organized trip . mandi l. walkley , 39 , and jacob m. austin , 52 , were in the dungeness bay , where swells were as high as 3ft , for one to two hours before they could be rescued by the coast guard . both passed away after they were transported to nearby hospitals . william d. kelley , 50 , who was also rescued by the coast guard , has improved from critical to serious condition . his pastor , bill bowers , said kelley is ' not able to speak at the moment ' . mandi l. walkley , 39 , ( left ) and jacob m. austin , 52 , ( right ) died after a sudden storm in washington 's dungeness bay hit their church kayaking trip . ' he 's got a tube down his throat , ' bowers , who is with the mountain view church in tumwater , told the seattle times . ' but i 've talked with his wife , and they 're hopeful . he 's squeezing their hands and blinking at them . ' fellow kayaker william d. kelley , 50 , remains hospitalized . his condition has improved from critical to serious . walkley , austin and kelley were part of a group of seven people who set out on saturday for an excursion along washington 's dungeness spit . according to sgt . lyman moores of clallam county sheriff 's office , forecasts had predicted there would be stormy weather the day of the scheduled trip a week ago and that an advisory had been issued a day before . ' no one should 've been out there in a kayak , ' he said on sunday . but , according to fellow kayaker dennis caines , the terrible weather ' came up all of a sudden ' and took the group by surprise . ' we were n't ready for it , ' he said . and a video the friends took during the trip shows that the weather was calm as they paddled to the new dungeness lighthouse for a lunch break , according to king 5 news . caines and the group left the lighthouse around 1.30pm . he told king 5 that within 10 minutes of the wind picking up , he and his wife linda ' could n't see anybody or another kayaker anywhere ' . the couple , who were riding in a tandem kayak , and two other people with the group paddled safely back to shore . walkley , austin and kelley were stranded in the water for one to two hours before they were rescused by the coast guard . they had been part of a group of seven that were kayaking along the dungeness spit ( pictured ) . dennis caines , who was also on the trip , said the weather was calm as the group stopped at the new dungeness lighthouse ( pictured ) for lunch . but minutes after they got back in the water , the wind picked up . at around 2.30pm , walkley , austin and kelley were spotted by a lighthouse attendant , who notified the coast guard . the navy also provided a rescue chopper . caines said that everyone in the group wore life jackets , and that both he and his wife were also wearing wetsuits . according to moores , the lifejackets were n't enough to protect the kayakers from the bay 's cold water , which was measured at 49 degrees on the day of the accident . moores said that kind of temperature could shut down the human body ' in a matter of minutes ' . ' these people were n't prepared for the conditions , ' he told the seattle times . ' they were just wearing cotton clothes . ' but , according to caines , the kayaks the group used were also well-outfitted . at 17-feet long , they had rudders , which help keep the boat straight during waves and winds , as well as rain skirts and pumps designed to keep water out . pastor bowers told the seattle times he was unaware if the trip 's organizers had known about the storm forecast , but said ' no one on that trip would have done anything if they thought it would put them into danger ' . caines and his wife linda , who were riding with the group in a tandem kayak , said that within 10 minutes of the wind picking up they could n't see anyone else in their group . and walkley 's mother janeen said her daughter ' always took precautions ' , even leaving her own kayaks at home to use the larger kayak designed for the sea . ' knowing mandi , if she knew the weather was going to be that nasty , i do n't think she would 've gone , ' janeen said . according to caines , the group had known and liked walkley and austin , neither of whom were part of the mountain view church - which organized the trip for both members and nonmembers . ' we lost two good friends and one is struggling , ' caines , who called walkey ' such a beautiful person ' , told king 5 news . ' it just feels unreal , ' said linda caines . ' people we were friends with , that were there , and then they were n't . '