master patissier eric lanlard is on-stage recalling how he once refused to bake a ' very rude ' cake for naomi campbell . ' her pa said : `` but it 's for naomi ! '' i told her that i did n't care if it was for the queen , ' says eric . learning from the master : tamara shows off the cooking skills she has picked up from eric lanlard . as it happens , when hm toured the cruise ship britannia after the naming ceremony last month , one of the areas she was most impressed with was eric 's atrium-based market café , where the centrepiece is a beautiful , mouth-watering display : dainty , neon-hued raspberry macaroons , eton mess served with popping candy and chocolate salted caramel mille-feuilles . atul kochhar and mary berry are some of the other foodies britannia 's owners , p & o , have enlisted . at a dinner hosted by eric in the cookery club , i watch my canard à l'orange being prepared on a screen while eric reels off anecdotes about baking one-ton cakes for sheikhs and having his bottom pinched by mary berry . then i sign up for a cookery lesson with him in the cookery club , where wall-mounted screens are connected to cameras positioned over eric 's workspace , allowing us to follow his every move . i whip up a chocolate soufflé , although sadly , i later drop it face-down on the floor of my cabin . the 3,600-passenger , union jack-adorned britannia is the largest ship built for the uk market . my shore excursions on a dash around the mediterranean include a coach tour through corsica 's snowy mountains above ajaccio , where we sample wild boar meat . all aboard : with a 3600 capacity , britannia is the biggest cruise ship built for the british market . in cartagena in spain , guide pedro teaches us about traditional spanish cuisine on a wine and tapas tour , then shows us around the city 's roman theatre . britannia basks in its britishness . in brodie 's , the pub , there are beers from 56 uk counties and in the library an entire shelf is dedicated to the british monarchy . a handful of guests bemoan the lack of a wrap-around prom deck ( to walk off some of those calories ) but the intimate limelight club , where you dine to a soundtrack of performances by singers such as kiki dee , and the oasis spa , with its hydrotherapy centre and fruit-scented showers , are hugely popular . i love the wood-panelled crow 's nest , with its sumptuous armchairs and tinkling piano music . put through her paces : tamara 's gourmet tuition continues as britannia sails the mediterranean . passengers can sample gins from 20 british counties . when sugar cravings strike , i head for the quirky afternoon teas in epicurean . dinners there are just as much fun - my palette cleanser is a lipstick-shaped sorbet which the elderly passenger next to me mistakes for actual make-up . the entertainment is as varied as the cuisine : i cringe at the jokes by mononymous comedian tucker , whose opener mocks his 'half-taliban ' neighbour , but love dickie arbiter 's talk about life as the queen 's press secretary . the final stop is the spanish port of cadiz , where boats spouting water fountains accompany our arrival . that evening , i join my fellow passengers for a glass of something fizzy . the band strikes up . the tune ? rule britannia , naturally . a seven-night cruise to norway 's fjords on britannia , sailing round-trip from southampton , costs from £699pp , departing on may 16 , 2015 ( 0843 374 0111 ; www.pocruises.com ) .