women travelling on the london underground are being urged to report sexual assaults in a new initiative . transport for london has launched a campaign to tackle abuse on public transport , with a video in which a female commuter is groped while on the tube . the uncomfortable footage - which uses actors - sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male , who looks her up and down , gets on to the same train carriage and then gropes her . scroll down for video . unsettling : transport for london has launched a new campaign to tackle sexual assault on public transport , with a video in which a female commuter is groped on the underground . every time the man steps up his creepy efforts , the narrator - broadchurch actress olivia coleman - asks : ' would you report it ? ' after the man , who is clearly wearing a wedding ring , gropes his victim , she moves to a separate part of the carriage , only for him to shuffle up behind her . ' he pushes his groin right into you , ' the narrator says . ' would you report it ? ' according to tlc , one in ten londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport , but 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported . the campaign’s website reads : ' you can report anything of a sexual nature , including rubbing , groping , masturbation , leering , sexual comments , indecent acts , or someone taking photos of you without your consent . ' the uncomfortable footage - which uses actors - sees the woman hounded by an increasingly persistent male , who looks her up and down , then gets onto the same train carriage as her . every time the man steps up his creepy efforts , in this case groping her rear , the narrator - broadchurch actress olivia coleman - asks , ' would you report it ? ' tlc states : ' you don’t have to prove that it was a criminal offence or intentional to report it , we can investigate that for you . ' no incident is too small or trivial . our officers are trained to deal with these sort of cases . we will treat you with respect and dignity . ' you will always be believed and you will always be taken seriously . the man , who is wearing a prominent wedding ring , continues to find excuses to move closer to his victim . according to tlc , one in ten londoners have experienced unwanted sexual behaviour on public transport , but 90 per cent of these incidents go unreported . speaking about the campaign , british transport police assistant chief constable said : ' we want the travelling public to feel confident that we take every sexual incident seriously no matter what has happened . ' the video , entitled report it to stop it , is part of tfl 's project guardian initiative , which was launched two years ago . since then , the british transport police has seen a 25 per cent increase in the number of sexual assaults being reported .