nasa has unveiled a revolutionary type of wing that it says could save millions in air travel . the wing is able to morph itself like that of a bird to provide the same functionality as normal flaps , but with much less weight . it can also reportedly be used to increase fuel efficiency and even reduce noise on take-off and landing . scroll down for videos . nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california ( shown ) . the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees . it means that regular flaps are n't needed - and it is much lighter . in this image , the technology is visible at the flat ' flap at the base of the wing . the latest test of the technology took place above nasa’s armstrong flight research center in edwards , california . over the past six months , 22 research flights of the adaptive compliant trailing edge ( acte ) flight control surface has taken place . the project is a collaboration between nasa , the air force research laboratory ( afrl ) and flexsys from ann arbor michigan . the wing is able to ‘bend’ through angles from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees . test pilots have described it as being ‘ very smooth’ , while it can also deal with hard banking manoeuvres and extreme temperatures . for all the flights so far , the wing has flown in a fixed position on a gulfstream iii jet between these two extremes , to ensure risk is minimal . but for future flights , the wings will be able to change angles while in the air . the breakthrough could also increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent , and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent . the wing is shown above bending through its two extremes . the project is a collaboration between nasa , the air force research laboratory ( afrl ) and flexsys inc from ann arbor michigan . credit : flexsys . figures suggest the breakthrough could increase fuel efficiency up to 12 per cent , and reduce noise at take-off and landing up to 40 per cent , compared to traditional wing flaps ( one shown on a boeing 737 ) . a transformer-style ‘ flying car’ being developed by an arizona company could soon spell the end of runways . the company’s vision is to build a vehicle with four rotors that allow it to take to the air anywhere like a helicopter - and then switch to fly like a normal plane . while this ‘skycruiser’ vehicle is still some way from development , the technology could soon become a reality in a functioning prototype dubbed the ‘skyprowler’ . the skyprowler has four horizontal propellers that allow it to perform vertical take-offs and landings , and to hover in mid-air . ‘ we are thrilled to have accomplished all of our flight test goals without encountering any significant technical issues , ’ said afrl program manager pete flick , from wright-patterson air force base in ohio . ‘ these flights cap 17 years of technology maturation , beginning with afrl’s initial phase 1 sbir contract with flexsys , and the technology now is ready to dramatically improve aircraft efficiency for the air force and the commercial aviation industry . ’ the technology can be fitted to existing airplane wings , so it does not require a complete redesign of current aircraft wings . ‘ the completion of this flight test campaign at armstrong is a big step for nasa 's environmentally responsible aviation project , ’ said era project manager fay collier . ‘ this is the first of eight large-scale integrated technology demonstrations era is finishing up this year that are designed to reduce the impact of aviation on the environment . ’ it will take years for such a technology to be approved for commercial aircraft , though , so it’s unlikely to be used on planes any time soon . but the cost and fuel economy benefits will be appealing to many if testing continues smoothly . 