the draw for the champions league has pitted pep guardiola 's bayern munich against his former club barcelona , while handing italian champions a daunting task against holders real madrid . with sub-plots aplenty , and quality assured , the final four of european 's premier competition will all feel they have a real chance of adding to their european titles . sportsmail 's reporters look at each side 's reasons for optimism , and caution , ahead of the semi-finals ... bayern munich by chris wheeler . reasons they can win the champions league… . bayern have an excellent champions league pedigree , with a coach in pep guardiola who won this competition twice at barcelona and a squad that has retained its best players since beating borussia dortmund in the final at wembley two years ago . so do barca and real madrid but , unlike their main rivals , munich can focus largely on europe thanks to a 12-point lead over wolfsburg in the bundesliga and the minor inconvenience of a german cup semi-final against dortmund . guardiola can also expect to call on key players like arjen robben , franck ribery and bastian schweinsteiger who did not appear in either of the quarter-final legs against fc porto . pepe guardiola issues instructions to his players during a supremely impressive performance against porto . guardiola must now work out how to prevent his side 's old vulnerabilities returning against barcelona . reasons they can’t… . usually so dominant , there is a peculiar vulnerability about bayern under guardiola . it was painfully evident in their 5-0 aggregate defeat by real madrid in the semi-finals a year ago , and again in the 3-1 loss to porto earlier this month before they turned it around in the second leg in stunning fashion . munich can not afford to be off their game against barca . no-one knows guardiola’s game-plan better than his old club . he will have to overcome them - and then possibly real - if he wants to win the champions league again . bayern were brilliant in munich , but a repeat of their porto horror-show could see them dumped out . real madrid by pete jenson . reasons they can win the champions league… . there’s a sense that the worst has past . they did not want atletico madrid in the quarter-finals having failed to beat them already six times this season . then when jan oblak worked his miracles in the first leg and the injuries and suspensions mounted up in the second , the task looked even tougher but they came through . carlo ancelotti was vindicated for pitching javier hernandez into his forward line and moving sergio ramos into midfield . with the coach in a strong position and the squad behind him they can do it . real madrid will feel like they have got over their biggest hurdle after their late win over atletico madrid . reasons they can’t… . no one player is more important to real madrid than luka modric . they can cope without bale if ronaldo is playing and they can cope without ronaldo if bale is playing — they won the copa del rey last year that way . but bale’s former tottenham team-mate has no real replacement . atletico were poor on wednesday night and so the croatian was not missed too much but against juventus his absence will be felt . he could be back for the final but they may not get there without him . the injury to luka modric is the single biggest obstacle standing in carlo ancelotti 's way to retaining the title . juventus by neil ashton . reasons they can win the champions league ... the travel advice to anyone planing to watch juventus in the semi-final is to take a good book . massimiliano allegri’s team are living proof that the art of defending italian-style is alive and well after keeping nine clean sheets in their last 10 matches . that three-man defence , comprising leonardo bonucci , andrea barzagli and giorgio chiellini , loves smothering opposition strikers . conceivably both legs of the semi-finals could finish 0-0 ( as well as the final ) and the italians will be delighted to fast-forward to the penalty shootout . up front they rely on the example set by their talisman carlos tevez , with his non-stop chasing and harrying of opposition defenders , plus his goals . the likes of giorgio chiellini ( left ) and leonard bonucci have provided a solid defence for juve to build on . reasons they can’t… . even allegri knows there are many limitations with this juventus team . do not get seduced by the cries of ‘ ole ole ole ole , juve juve , ’ because tiki-taka this isn’t . andrea pirlo’s masterful powers are also on the wane after his brilliant career with milan , juve and italy . andrea pirlo still runs the show for the old lady , but the italian 's best days are now behind him . barcelona by pete jensen . reasons they can win the champions league… . it may be true that bayern munich have scored 115 goals this season but leo messi , luis suarez and neymar have scored 95 between them . barcelona’s front three have clicked in a way that luis enrique would not have dared dream . neither is the barcelona forward line ornamental when the team are defending . messi drops deep to try to get the team passing — once he has stopped being messi he will become the new xavi — and suarez defends from the front chasing down the opposition and forcing errors . there is a sense that they are carrying the team to berlin . barcelona 's front three of luis suarez ( left ) , neymar ( centre ) and lionel messi can carry the whole team . reasons they can’t… . for now there are neither injuries nor suspensions but they are forever on the cusp of a potential crisis because the strength in depth is just not there . ivan rakitic , sergi busquets and andres iniesta is a fine midfield but the second-string middle three of rafinha , sergio roberto and the now 35-year-old xavi offers fewer guarantees . likewise at the back there is a gulf in class between the four first-choice defenders and those who would have to step in . injuries to key players like ivan rakitic could expose the lack of depth in barcelona 's squad .