during a recent episode of divorce court , a disgruntled man said the members of wu-tang clan did something with his girlfriend - and it was n't unleashing their famed killa beez . nathan sellers went on the show with his ex , lia palmquist , and accused her of sleeping with every member of the wu-tang clan during one night as she partied with them at a hotel after a show . that would mean palmquist had sex with the rza , the gza , ghostface killah , masta killa , u-god , inspectah deck , raekwon , cappadonna and method man . the tenth member of the wu , ol ' dirty bastard , is dead so he was n't involved no matter what . nathan sellers ( right ) went on divorce court with lia palmquist ( left ) and said she slept with the wu-tang clan . american rap group wu-tang clan ( l - r ) ghostface killah , masta killa , raekwon , rza , ol ' dirty bastard , gza , u-god and method man pose for a april 1997 portrait in new york city , new york . odb is no longer alive . palmquist admitted to partying with the guys from the wu , but denied that she did anything sexual with them . palmquist told show host judge lynn toler : ' this sounds ridiculous , but he accused me of sleeping with the entire wu-tang clan . ' sellers quickly fired back : ' she did . ' the accused woman went on to tell judge toler that she did hang with the clan on their tour bus and stay at their hotel until 7am talking politics , but maintained she stayed faithful to sellers . she said : ' nothing inappropriate happened and let me just put on the record that wu-tang is nothing but gentleman . ' they treated me highly respectful . ' i would never cheat on him . ' i would never be a bust-down or a groupie in that type of situation . ' unfortunately her ex-boyfriend was n't buying it and sellers said : ' she gave wu some tang . ' it 's unclear who judge lynn believed , but she did say palmquist engaged in 'bust-down behavior ' . sellers was n't buying anything that his ex-girlfriend had to say and told the judge : ' she gave wu some tang ' . it 's unclear who judge lynn believed in the matter , but she did say palmquist engaged in 'bust-down behavior ' . in march , the wu-tang clan opened the silver box that held their unheard record once upon a time in shaolin . sellers and palmquist went on divorce court after being together for five years , according to the show 's description of the episode . it read : ' the two met at a halloween party where lia was dressed as lil kim and nathan was dressed as hello kitty . ' lia says things were good for the first few years they dated until nathan moved six hours away to attend school . ' lia says nathan then moved to san francisco for a few months chasing his dreams of being a fashion designer , before moving back in with her again . ' lia says her sex life with nathan is non-existent right now . ' she says she wants a traditional family with kids , and she doesn’t think nathan does . ' earlier this year , the wu-tang clan opened the silver box that held their unheard record once upon a time in shaolin and sold the 31-track double lp to one bidder for millions of dollars . under the terms of the sale , the buyer can not share the album for at least 88 years . dailymail.com was there with rza , producer cilvaringz , a small group of prospective buyers and half a dozen selected fans in queens , new york city , for a playing of the album . it was the first and last time any of the album was played before the year 2103 .