you don’t need to go to the african savannahs or the amazonian rainforests to find wild life -newcastle on a friday will do perfectly well . but if it’s real wild life you’re after , then a british safari is extraordinarily rewarding . so here are a few suggestions . they’re all easy to reach , require no deep knowledge , and the wildlife is as reliable as a wild thing can be . miracle mammals : you can spot dolphins at cardigan bay - the dolphin capital of britain . dolphins . where : new quay , cardigan bay , wales . time to visit : all year . this is the dolphin capital of britain . you can sometimes see them in the harbour while you eat an ice cream . but book a boat trip out into the bay and you’ll seldom be disappointed . the miracle of a dolphin-sighting hits us humans at a profound level . no one can see one and remain unchanged . mother and young travel together , large groups are frequent , and on occasions they swim in their hundreds . synchronised swimming on a different level . details : 01545 560800 , www.newquayboattrips.co.uk . birds of a feather : you can catch sight of ospreys at rutland water , especially during the summer . ospreys . where : rutland water , near oakham , rutland . time to visit : april to september . this is a vast reservoir , but it’s also been made wild . it’s full of fish and 18 years ago ospreys were reintroduced , the first english ospreys for 150 years . these great raptors fly over the water and plunge in , talons first , from a great height , usually carrying off an unfeasibly large fish . they have reclaimed their place in britain with a flourish . details : 01572 737378 , www.ospreys.org.uk . sealsof approval : these magnificent marine creatures are visible on the northerly island of stroma . seals . where : john o’groats , scotland . time to visit : june 20-august 31 . britain doesn’t stop at john o’groats . a boat trip north will take you to the island of stroma , now uninhabited . you can cruise all around it and return in not much more than an hour — and you will have a breathtaking experience of seals in astonishing abundance . i counted getting on for 1,000 on my last visit . they were lying at their ease on the rocky beaches or swimming with a grace that looks impossible for creatures of such bulk . details : 01955 611353 , www.jogferry.co.uk . stop off to see us : the red squirrels at national trust formby have hung on against all the odds . red squirrels . where : formby , lancashire . time to visit : all year . national trust formby , just outside liverpool , offers the gentlest of woodland walks . and in the course of it you’ll meet red squirrels , a population that has hung on against all the odds . they are creatures of ridiculous charm with their large fluffy tufts on the ears . details : 01704 878591 , www.nationaltrust.org.uk/formby . flying high : the white-tailed eagle was reintroduced to scotland after it became extinct in the uk . eagles . where : mull , scotland . time to vist : all year . this lovely island is the best spot in britain for eagles . the warmer months are best and the eagle hide opens in april . the white-tailed eagle was reintroduced to scotland after it became extinct in the uk due to illegal killing and has flourished on mull . there are eagle boat trips , and a public viewpoint with attendant experts . it’s also the easiest place in scotland to see golden eagles . details : www.holidaymull.co.uk . antlers aloft : october sees the secretive red deer at minsmere suddenly shed their shyness . red deer . where : minsmere , suffolk . time to visit : october . minsmere reserve is famous for birds , especially avocets , but in autumn , the shy and secretive red deer come out in the open , mad for sex . the rspb sets up viewpoints , often with experts on hand . you can see the deer , often in large numbers , and it is hard to believe so many animals of such size can exist in lowland britain . it feels more like africa . details : www.rspb.org.uk . x-factor : the stars of the colony at bempton cliffs are the puffins , clown-like birds that attract so much love . puffins . where : bempton , yorkshire . time to visit : spring , early summer . the birds assemble every year on the lofty cliffs around flamborough head . you can hear the colony for miles . the undisputed stars are the puffins , the clown-like birds that attract so much love . the bright coloured bills looks daft , but they’re wonderfully effective tools for catching and holding large numbers of sand eels and bringing them back to a cliff-top nest . details : www.rspb.org.uk . a bright natural canvas : swallowtail butterflies are vast flying slabs of colour the size of bats . butterflies . where : hickling broad , norfolk . time to visit : late may to mid-july . these are not like the cabbage whites you see in your garden . swallowtail butterflies are vast flying slabs of colour the size of bats . in britain you can only find them in the norfolk broads . make sure you pick a sunny day for your visit . at hickling broad , there are boardwalks through the reeds and in season these lovely butterflies are mating . they’re easy to see as they hurry across the top of the reeds . details : www.norfolkwildlifetrust.org.uk . beak practice : you can see wild wonders in london , like these black necked swans and their cygnets . waterbirds . where : london wetland centre , barnes , london . time to visit : all year . you can see wild wonders without leaving london . the wildfowl and wetland trust took on a disused reservoir on the banks of the thames near hammersmith bridge and by 2000 had turned it into a kind of wild tardis , larger inside than it is out . it’s teeming with ducks and waders . the top of the peacock tower affords the best view in london . details : 020 8409 4400 , www.wwt.org.uk .  