genealogists have made an error in compiling the family tree of hillary clinton and she is in fact linked to a poor welsh mining family , an expert claimed . as she kicks off her bid to enter the white house , hillary clinton could claim that her path to the presidency began some 160 years ago in the little-known welsh parish of ystradyfodwg – if she can pronounce it , that is . for while the us democrat has previously spoken of her british ancestry , a definitive family tree has revealed her links to a poor mining community in the welsh valleys . ystradyfodwg , pronounced ust-rady-vod-ug , was the home of mrs clinton 's great grandmother - a woman who showed a determination , similar to that of the former first lady , to struggle through poverty and eventually emigrate to america with her family . in fact mrs clinton 's steely resolve to get to the white house and make history as the first female president , can be seen in the actions of her female ancestors , who even defied social conventions through the years . us genealogy expert megan smolenyak has traced mrs clinton’s roots to a mining family from ystradyfodwg , a small community in south wales . it is named after dyfodwg , or tyfodwg , a sixth century welsh saint who some believe may have been a breton monk . the district , known for its reliance on coal mining and poverty , has since been abolished and is now part of rhondda . mrs clinton 's great-grandmother mary griffiths was born in merthyr tydfil in the welsh valleys , and from an early age supported her widowed mother . official records show she was working as a servant by the age of 12 but in reality she may have been working even earlier . ms smolenyak said : ' born around 1850 in merthyr tydfil – at that time , the largest town in wales – she [ mary griffiths ] can be found in the 1851 census living with her widowed mother and three older siblings . ' fatherless by the age of one , mary griffiths had already been dealt a tough hand . ' scroll down for video . she went on to marry william jones , a coal miner from neath , in 1871 and the couple settled in ystradyfodwg . in a bid for a better life the family made the lengthy journey via ellis island to scranton in pennsylvania , another mining district where they would continue their trade in the early 1880s . shortly after they arrived hannah jones was born , sometime between 1882 and 1883 . mary griffiths jones continued as the head of the family , her husband mostly absent . hannah jones was one of just four children out of 14 born who survived - an indication of the poverty her traditional mining family lived in . mrs clinton 's grandparents hannah jones ( left ) and hugh rodham eloped to wed in binghampton , new york , and are pictured with their granddaughter , former first lady hillary clinton . it was in america that hannah jones - who was to become mrs clinton 's grandmother - met hugh rodham , part of the rodham family who had travelled to america two years earlier from northumberland . but the circumstances of their marriage reveal the poverty the jones family endured and the wide social gulf between the rodhams and joneses at that time . the pair eloped to binghampton in new york to get married - a place akin to gretna green where people would often go to wed because regulations were less strict . hannah jones ' family hailed from a poor mining district which is now part of rhondda in wales . mrs clinton 's family were from ystradyfodwg , close to neath and merthyr tydfil , and now part of rhondda . from the family histories of the jones and rodham families , it appears the pair may have been forced to elope because the rodhams were unlikely to have approved of their son marrying a woman from such a poor family when they had managed to become moderately wealthy after emigrating to america . ms smolenyak revealed that the jones family were all miners while the rodhams - who were to become hannah jones ' in-laws - had left the trade after arriving in the us , and one even became a physician . ms smolenyak said : ' when hugh rodham found himself smitten with hannah jones , he had fallen for a girl who was regarded as being from “ the wrong side of the tracks . ” mrs clinton announced she was running for president last week and toured the whitney brothers factory . if hillary clinton is successful she could make history as the first female president of the united states . ' if he hadn’t been bold enough to wander across the state line to marry his sweetheart , hillary’s father wouldn’t have born , erasing her from the scene . ' and if [ hillary ] rodham clinton recalls her grandmother hannah as a strong-willed woman who “ ruled everyone within her reach , ” it may have been a reflection of her determination to escape the circumstances that left her the sole survivor of her birth family of 16 by her early forties . ' hannah jones rodham , frequently described by mrs clinton as a ' strong willed woman ' gave birth to mrs clinton 's father hugh e rodham in 1911 and died in 1952 when mrs clinton was just five . 1850s - mary griffiths born in merthyr tydfil in wales to poor family . 1851 - miss griffiths was living with her widowed mother and three siblings in wales and by the age of 12 was working as a slave . 1871 - miss griffiths married william jones , a coal miner from neath near swansea . they settled in ystradyfodwg , near merthyr tydfil . 1880 - the joneses moved to scranton . 1882-1883 - hannah jones was born , one of 14 children - of which only four survived . 1902 - hannah jones eloped to binghampton to marry hugh s rodham . he had been born in northumberland and travelled to america with his family where he met hannah jones . 1911 - hugh e rodham born to the couple in scranton , pennsylvania . 1942 - hugh e rodham married dorothy howell rodham , originally from chicago . 1947 - hillary rodham , the eldest of the couple 's three children was born . she later went on to marry bill clinton . 1952 - hannah jones rodham dies , when hillary is just five years old . the account appears to be the first definitive family tree for mrs clinton which traces her welsh roots to an area of the valleys . previous versions appear to have been drawn incorrectly due to a mix-up over her grandmother . ms smolenyak claimed she discovered a key flaw in how genealogists previously compiled mrs clinton 's family tree in misidentifying hannah jones . she said the mistake was made after two children of the same name were born in scranton in pennsylvania between 1882 and 1883 , and experts previously ' latched onto ' the incorrect hannah jones . ms smolenyak discovered the error while doing research for a piece about mrs clinton for irish america and managed to trace the correct woman using marriage records and obituaries . she identified a woman born shortly after her family arrived in the us in the 1880s , hannah jones , who then went on to marry hugh rodham in 1902 . the revelations come after mrs clinton herself appeared to make a mistake regarding her ancestry last week when she suggested all her ancestors were immigrants . she was later forced to correct the error after it was proven that hannah jones was born in the us in the 1880s . 