antiquities looted from ancient temples and buddhist sites in india have been found on display at the honolulu museum of art after a tourist spotted they were sourced from an art dealer facing charges in india . the museum yesterday handed over seven rare artifacts in its possession after authorities found , to the shock of museum officials , that they had been smuggled into the u.s. by former new york art dealer subhash kapoor . agents from the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement will take the items back to new york and , from there , eventually return them to the government of india . marc thomas , chief preparator at the honolulu museum of art , holds one of seven stolen artifacts that were on display in the museum 's collection . the artifacts are believed to have been smuggled into the u.s. by an art dealer facing charges in india . the items ' origin was discovered after a tourist visiting the museum noticed the dealer , subhash kapoor , was listed as their source . dealer kapoor , was arrested in 2011 and is awaiting trial in india . officials say he created false provenances for the antiquities . the discovery was made after a visitor last year recognized the name of kapoor 's new york gallery as the source of a 2,000-year-old terra cotta rattle and contacted authorities , said stephan jost , the museum 's director . museum officials then pored over their records and determined six other indian items had ties to kapoor . he said kapoor donated one of the items and sold five to the museum , while one was a gift from someone else . agents are hailing the honolulu museum for being the first u.s. institution to publicly and easily cooperate with the investigation , dubbed ' operation hidden idol , ' involving four arrests and the recovery of thousands of pieces worth a total of $ 150 million . ' owning stolen stuff is not part of our mission , ' mr jost said . ' i 'm not sure we 've done anything heroic . we just want to do the right thing . ' mr jost watched as agents inspected the items - the rattle , figurines , architectural fragments and tiles - and them hauled them in packed crates into a truck . the items were found to have been sourced from subhash kapoor ( pictured ) , who is facing charges in india . brenton easter , a special agent for homeland security , inspects the artifacts in the basement of the honolulu museum of art . this tile is believed to have been looted from a religious temple or ancient buddhist site in india . they have now been packed up and sent to new york , from where they will be returned to india 's government . martinez stressed there was no culpability on the museum 's part , as it was n't aware of the items ' provenance when it acquired them between 1991 and 2003 . mr jost said american art museums are becoming more rigorous in vetting the history of objects they acquire . ' could we have done a better job ? sure , ' he said . ' were we a victim ? yes . ' homeland security investigations special agent brenton easter said it was not uncommon for unsavory dealers to donate ill-gotten items for tax benefits and other reasons . mr easter is part of a group of agents in new york that focus on cultural property crime whose work includes dismantling the organizations behind the crimes and repatriating the seized pieces . some institutions are reluctant to come forward , partly because of the financial loss involved , he said . it 's very rare for evidence to come to light to show a museum has items that were illegally obtained , said james cuno , president and ceo of the j. paul getty trust . an item looted from india is wrapped up in packaging before being sent back to india . the stunning antiquities were sourced from art dealer subhash kapoor , who is facing charges in india . ' claims might come from time to time . but most often those claims are based on just interest or the construction of national identity , ' he said . ' if evidence is provided that 's convincing , no museum will resist . ' he cited an example from about 10 years ago when italian police uncovered evidence revealing a number of items that were improperly removed from italy . the u.s. museums where some of the items ended up returned them , he said . repatriation has become more common in the past couple of decades , said malcom bell , a professor of greek and roman art and archaeology at the university of virginia . as a general rule of thumb , museums and art collectors avoid purchasing items exported without clear and valid documentation before 1970 - the year of a united nations cultural agreement targeting trafficking in antiquities , he said . ' transparency is important , and if the honolulu museum has been open , that 's probably to be applauded , ' bell said . kapoor sold six of the items to the museum and donated another , while the seventh was gifted by a second individual . homeland security officials remove the looted antiquities from storage at the honolulu museum of art . 